When it comes to pension saving there are two primary options: drawdown or annuities. Drawdown was first introduced in 1995, and before this, people had no choice but to buy an annuity, according to M&G Investments. However, annuities are once again becoming a popular option for those planning for retirement. Recent research from Legal and General found 990,00 people aged over 55 and still in work are now considering annuities for the first time. This is in addition to the 829,000 working over 55s who had always planned to buy an annuity in retirement. The motivations behind the purchase of annuities are varied, however, key draws include improved rates in recent months, as well as the stability a guaranteed income offers. READ MORE: Man, 65, increases pension income by £6,300 Express.co.uk spoke to Lorna Shah, managing director of Legal and General Retail Retirement, about why Britons may be considering annuities again. She said: “A third of people considering annuities for the first time are initially drawn in by the fact that they lessen the impact of market shifts on their money. “However, annuities can also work well as part of a wider mix of different products to ensure you have covered all your potential bases. “Planning your retirement is not a one-off decision, it requires ongoing consideration throughout later life to get the most out of your money. DON'T MISSState pension will undergo six key changes from next month [INSIGHT]Pensioners may be able to secure 12 'freebies', discounts and top-ups [UPDATE]Pensioners with arthritis or joint pain could get up to £407 [LATEST] “Thinking purely in terms of one product over another and taking an either/or approach is not helpful and there is extensive research that shows a mix of products could give you a better outcome.” Improved annuity rates are understandably attractive, especially in a time of inflation and a cost of living crisis. However, Ms Shah stressed it is vital for Britons to consider their individual needs before making any decisions. Phil Brown, director of policy at People’s Partnership, also told Express.co.uk about some of the advantages and disadvantages individuals may wish to consider. He explained: “One of the biggest risks in retirement is running out of money. “An annuity can provide valuable certainty as it will pay a guaranteed income until the end of somebody’s life, or in some cases, the life of their partner also.” But Mr Brown also warned about the purchase of an annuity which does not protect against inflation. Those who buy such a product could see the buying power of their income from the annuity eroded over time. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Indeed, the purchase of an annuity also means Britons have to sacrifice the potential investment growth they could have otherwise received if they remained invested. It is, for this reason, Mr Brown concurred with Ms Shah, also suggesting a blended approach. He added: “Using drawdown early in retirement and taking out an annuity later when savers can get a better income from their remaining pot potentially offers people a good balance between the two choices. “We think that, as people get further into their retirement, they are more likely to need the certainty an annuity can offer – ensuring they don’t outlive their savings.”