  George Michael’s cousin Andros Georgiou has discussed why the famous singer chose to keep his sexuality a secret for so long. Along with the late star’s first manager Simon Napier-Bell, he spoke about the benefits of “holding some things back” from the public.      George remains one of the best-selling musicians of all time, with sales of over 125 million records worldwide. The star tragically died on Christmas Day at the age of 53 back in 2016. Despite being one of the biggest stars of his time, the singer only came out as gay in 1998 during an interview with CNN. His sexuality reveal came 17 years after he first formed the pop group Wham! with musical partner Andrew Ridgeley.    “You’re a pin-up,” Andros explained in an interview with Radio Times. “You have thousands of girls chasing you, and they’re the ones buying pop records. “The record company didn’t want to know. It would have stopped everything.” Speaking about his cousin’s decision, he continued: “Everything he did was public knowledge. “When your whole life is front page news, you get a kick out of being able to hold a little bit back, something that no one else knows about.”      Meanwhile, the late icon’s manager Simon said: “He’d obviously decided he wasn’t going to tell anybody in the music business. “And that included me — even though he knew I knew,” he continued candidly. “We had these roundabout conversations, very British. I’d say, ‘If one day you or Andrew thought you might possibly be gay, I would suggest this…’ “And he would say, ‘Oh well, that’s quite interesting.’ It was all a bit absurd.” READ MORE... Johnny Depp surprises staff at Lincolnshire antique store [LATEST UPDATE] Stacey Solomon cleans ‘greasy’ hair after not washing it for 3 weeks [NEWS] Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable [NEWS]      Over the course of his career in the spotlight, George achieved seven number-one songs on the UK Singles Chart and eight number-one songs on the US Billboard Hot 100. He also has plenty of impressive accolades, previously winning two Grammy Awards, three Brit Awards, three American Music Awards, twelve Billboard Music Awards, and four MTV Video Music Awards. He has also ranked 45th in Billboard's list of the “Greatest Hot 100 Artists of All Time". Later in his life, the star became an active LGBT rights campaigner and HIV/AIDS charity fundraiser.      While his personal life was often the subject of headlines due to his known drug use and legal troubles, his musical legacy lives on and he still has millions of fans worldwide. Just this year, the music legend was nominated for induction into the Rock and Roll hall of fame. Read the full interview in the latest issue of Radio Times.   