The Duchess of Sussex is believed to be "overwhelmed" following all the negative scrutiny she and her husband, Prince Harry have received from their recent press blitz, leaving it uncertain whether they will attend the King's coronation. Meghan feels like the Royal Family is only fighting for Harry to attend the momentous event and "don't care" whether she shows up or not, according to a royal expert. On May 6, King Charles will be crowned alongside his wife Camille, Queen Consort, in a historic ceremony at Westminster Abbey, in London. The monarch is reportedly keen to have his younger son and his wife at the ceremony, but the couple is yet to announce if they will be going. But the Palace is most concerned with Harry going to the event and has little concern about whether Meghan will be there, according to one royal expert. Kinsey Schofield, host of the To Di For Daily podcast, told Fox News Digital: "Meghan is upset and overwhelmed. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan enjoy lavish date night in LA as they put on united front after eviction   "It’s not that Meghan feels excluded from the planning. "Meghan feels like the palace is only fighting for Prince Harry to attend and they don’t care whether she shows up or not. And that does not sit well with her. "Rejection is one of Meghan's greatest insecurities. "She does not want to be booed or humiliated on a global scale, yet she understands that her brand stateside increases in value with her proximity to the Royal Family." READ MORE: Prince Philip gave Susannah Constantine a 'nudge' amid mishap Meghan and Harry have both faced backlash for their recent media ventures including their six-part docuseries, Harry & Meghan, and the Duke's bombshell memoir, Spare - both made some shocking revelations about the Firm. In one of Harry's interviews to promote his book, Harry wouldn't tell ITV's Tom Bradby whether he would attend his father's coronation. He said: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then. But the door is always open. "The ball is in their court… There’s a lot to be discussed, and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it."  It comes after news broke that the King has made the decision to evict Harry and Meghan from their UK base, Frogmore Cottage, and move his disgraced brother, Prince Andrew, in instead. The house was gifted to the Sussexes as a wedding present from the late Queen Elizabeth II in 2018, and it is where the couple would stay when they returned back to the UK. A spokesperson for the couple's company, Archewell Productions, confirmed the decision in a statement on Wednesday. It simply said: "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews