Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been officially asked to leave Frogmore Cottage, Archewell has confirmed in a statement. A spokeswoman from the Foundation said tonight: "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage."  Earlier today it was reported that King Charles had asked the couple to move out in January following the publication of Harry's memoir Spare. The book was heavily critical of the royals and made a number of damaging allegations against some of the Firm's most senior members. Despite relocating permanently to California with their young family in 2020, the Sussexes continued to stay at Frogmore whenever they travelled to the UK. It is now thought the property has been offered to Prince Andrew instead. Prince Andrew has been living at Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park, part of the Crown Estate, for over 20 years. However as part of the King's money-saving measures for the monarchy he is facing having his annual £249,000 subsidy cut. This would leave the Duke of York struggling to afford refurbishments on the £30million property, which are his reponsibility as part of his tenancy agreement. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'resisting' Frogmore move as he doesn't want to downsize Harry and Meghan also spent £2.4million on renovations for Frogmore Cottage when they moved in, a cost initially covered by the taxpayer before Harry repaid the amount in full. The couple have reportedly already begun having their belongings at Frogmore transported to their home in Montecito, where they live with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. However Andrew is "resisting" leaving Royal Lodge, as according to sources he doesn't want to downsize. DON'T MISS:King's Frogmore decision tells Harry their relationship his over [LATEST]Prince Harry asked Mike Tindall for his autograph after World Cup [REVEAL]Prince Harry leaves audience in stitches during latest TV interview [SPOTLIGHT]  Frogmore Cottage sits in the grounds of Windsor Castle, not far from Royal Lodge where Andrew lives in Windsor Great Park. The cottage was a gift to the Sussexes from the late Queen following their marriage, but now they are left without a permanent UK home. An insider told The Sun: "This eviction surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan’s time in the UK. "Andrew is resisting the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage after he was offered it last week. "But it shows Harry and Meghan are powerless to stop the eviction."  