Aries (Mar21/Apr20) A fantastic opportunity to expand your finances arrives on the 2nd; you could greatly profit from venturing into unfamiliar territory. Ventures involving art, luxury goods, and real estate will be especially favoured. The Full Moon on the 7th finds you seeing the successful results of a health regimen. Give yourself a reward for your hard work; a spa treatment may be just the ticket. Tempers will be running high on the 11th, especially with neighbours and family members. Flattery will get you nowhere with an authority figure on the 16th. If you want a favour, be straightforward about it. Taurus (Apr21/May21) A lovely opportunity to rest, relax, and enjoy the finer things in life arrives on the 2nd; indulge your sensual side. The Full Moon on the 7th marks an exciting turning point in a romantic relationship; this is an excellent time to get engaged or married. Turning a hobby into a lucrative business is also a distinct possibility on this powerful day. Resist the temptation to contradict an influential expert on the 16th; stay in their good graces. Treating yourself to some artwork, clothes, or jewellery will keep you in a good mood. On the 21st, the New Moon beckons you to recharge your spiritual batteries with solitary pleasures. Gemini (May22/June21) Be sure to promote your vast knowledge and experience during a job interview on the 2nd. Your specialist knowledge will help you land the assignment, which will be creatively fulfilling. On the 7th, the Full Moon allows you to buy or sell a piece of property, giving you peace of mind. Avoid being aggressive with a kind authority figure on the 16th. It's better to listen more than you speak on the 17th; err on the side of silence. A show of force could throw a wrench into this relationship. The New Moon on the 21st is perfect for going to a party or joining a club. You'll enjoy expanding your social circle. Cancer (June22/July23) A pay rise, bonus, or promotion is headed your way on the 2nd; it feels great to be recognised for your hard work. The Full Moon on the 7th finds you successfully passing a test, returning from a trip, or finishing a work errand. It's a relief to get this chore off your plate since it allows you to embark on an exciting adventure. Don't make work a bigger priority than a close relationship on the 16th; your loved one really needs your support on this challenging day. The 19th is excellent for sending out job applications, going on interviews, or assembling a portfolio. On the 21st, the New Moon paves the way for an exciting professional opportunity. Leo (July24/Aug23) A financial windfall on the 6th gives you more freedom to pursue your hobbies; it's a relief to get a break from work. The Full Moon on the 7th shifts your focus from work to love. Devoting more time to a romantic partner will create a welcome sense of stability. If you're single, you'll start looking for a serious relationship. Your charisma turns heads on the 15th; you'll have your choice of admirers on this magical day. It's also an excellent time to make money from artistic ventures. On the 20th, an opportunity to make a long-distance trip falls into your lap. You'll welcome exploring a country you've never visited before. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) You'll find a brilliant solution to a stubborn work problem on the 2nd, which impresses an authority figure or client. Celebrate your success with your romantic partner or best friend afterwards. On the 7th, the Full Moon brings the successful end to a demanding role, allowing you to make more time for fun. Accept if your business partner or amour offers to take work off your plate. An authority figure will pressure you to accept an unpleasant assignment on the 17th; protect your interests. The 18th is good for discussing a sensitive topic with someone who is close to your heart. Be brutally honest.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) You experience some exciting growth on the romantic front in early March. This is a great time to start a relationship, get engaged, or exchange vows. The Full Moon on the 7th prompts you to withdraw from public life and get some much-needed rest and relaxation. Resist the temptation to fill your days with more work; you need to strike a better balance between your personal and professional lives. Don't let your family have too much influence over your love life on the 16th. Although their concern is touching, you know what's best for you regarding romance. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) A serious talk with a relative will be productive on the 2nd; be honest but fair. On the 7th, the Full Moon finds you scaling back your social life. Spending more time on creative pursuits will be a lot more rewarding. The 16th warns against arguing with an aggressive colleague. It's better to pretend you're indifferent to their overbearing ways. The New Moon on the 21st is perfect for beginning a fitness regimen. More aerobic exercise will give you an incredibly attractive, healthy glow. Changes to your domestic life are inevitable on the 23rd when you become determined to find a home that supports your emotional and physical needs. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) A romantic encounter on the 2nd makes you feel like you're walking on air. If you're single, your chances of meeting someone special are very high, especially if you venture out to a place you've never been before. The Full Moon on the 7th is suitable for wrapping up a career matter. This is a good time to scale back work responsibilities for the sake of a more enriching personal life. Your family's criticism of your personal life gets under your skin on the 16th; don't get drawn into an angry debate. On the 21st, the New Moon inspires you to take a creative, emotional risk. Starting an art project or embarking on a romance are good possibilities. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Happy news about your family is cause for celebration on the 2nd. Obey the impulse to give a relative a generous financial gift; they'll greatly appreciate it. The Full Moon on the 7th finds you returning from an extended trip or graduating from a course. Moving forward, your priority will be making better use of your time. Resist the urge to make a relative feel guilty for their choices on the 16th. Emotional manipulation will undermine your relationship and cause resentment. On the 21st, the New Moon helps you improve your living situation. Buying your dream home or finding a bigger place to live are among the exciting possibilities. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Business talks will go well on the 2nd; sticking to your principles will be advantageous. Take advantage of a surprise sale on household goods and appliances on the 6th; you'll get some great bargains. The Full Moon on the 7th finds you paying off a big bill. It will be such a relief to get this obligation off your back, allowing you to build your savings account. Spending more quality time at home will be pleasurable on the 16th. A cooking or decorating project should be especially fun. On the 21st, the New Moon inspires you to take a short trip or class for the sake of mental stimulation. The 23rd brings a rare opportunity to overhaul your image. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) Your financial situation dramatically improves on the 2nd, when you get a terrific job offer. Use your sharp communication skills to negotiate an even better deal than you are originally offered. An exciting chance to travel, study, or both falls into your lap on the 6th; you'll enjoy the mental stimulation this experience affords. On the 7th, the Full Moon finds you making thrilling plans with your business or romantic associate. You're both ready to pursue a lofty goal. Don't shy away from assuming additional responsibilities on this pivotal day. The 15th is perfect for submitting your creative work for review or going to an audition.