Red Bull chief Helmut Marko has appeared to withdraw suggestions that Aston Martin copied his team's designs despite a range of attacks over the Bahrain Grand Prix. Marko said the team was “just joking" and stressed they had not intended to make genuine accusations against the British manufacturer. Aston Martin's sidepod design is very similar to Red Bull's, which has helped the team climb from the midfield to front-running contenders. Fernando Alonso was the surprise package of the opening race weekend as he secured a stunning podium finish. After the chequered flag, both Sergio Perez and Christian Horner laughed at the similarities between Aston Martin’s new car and the RB18. However, when pushed on whether he had any evidence to support Red Bull’s claims, Marko told Formel1.de: “No, not at all.” He added: “And that’s not meant to be an accusation either. Those are just joking remarks. If you look in the field, the Aston Martin is the car most similar to the Red Bull.” READ MORE Helmut Marko agrees with Damon Hill over Mercedes despite Wolff claims [LATEST] Aston Martin stole key Red Bull engineer Dan Fallows at the start of last season in a key appointment for the Silverstone-based squad. 12 months later, Aston Martin is a force to be reckoned with as they chase down their ambition to win the world championship by 2025. When pushed on whether Red Bull would regret losing such an important piece to a rival squad, Horner replied: “No, because I think we have a wonderful team and everything has to evolve. Nothing stands still.” The team principal then went on to suggest Aston Martin had copied the team’s blueprint. Horner remarked: “I think that it’s flattering to see the resemblance of that car to ours. So it was great to see the three of them on the podium.” Perez also made a subtle dig in the post-race press conference which prompted a sly grin from Alonso and Max Verstappen. DON'T MISS Max Verstappen compared to Lewis Hamilton's F1 hero in snub [LATEST] Red Bull may end up with their very own Hamilton vs Rosberg situation [ANALYSIS] Ferrari and Red Bull make same Mercedes prediction ahead of Saudi GP [COMMENT] The Mexican commented: “Nice to see three Red Bull cars on the podium.” However, Sky Sports F1 pundit Karun Chandhok suggested Aston Martin’s decision to mimic Red Bull’s philosophy had paid off. The ex-F1 star drew comparisons between Aston Martin’s situation last season and Mercedes in 2023 after Lewis Hamilton and George Russell struggled in Bahrain. He explained: “The reality is last year they started the year with a car that wasn't very good. They put their ego aside. They were willing to throw away the time and effort they’d invested in that and ultimately made the decision for Barcelona to produce a copycat Red Bull. “It upset a lot of people at Red Bull last year. But it meant they kinda wrote off a lot of last season when they had to understand. When you just copy something, it doesn't mean you fully understand it… So Red Bull were annoyed by it and are still annoyed by it. But, Aston spent last year understanding the philosophy and then they've improved on it and they've produced this car that’s based on an already strong package last year.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE. 