The Eurovision Song Contest 2023 will be taking place in Liverpool this year as the UK hosts on behalf of winners Ukraine. As part of the competition, there will be nine lives shows taking place this year at the Liverpool Arena. Here’s everything you need to know on getting hold of tickets for Eurovision. Tickets will be going on sale on Tuesday, March 7 at 12pm GMT (midday) and this is 1pm CET. There are six previews and three televised shows with fans getting their chance to experience Eurovision from one of these. The Liverpool Arena is set to become one of the world’s biggest TV studios. This year the competition will be hosted by presenters Graham Norton, Julia Sanina, Game of Thrones and Ted Lasso's Hannah Waddingham and Britain's Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon. READ MORE: Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring Tickets will be priced between £30 to £290 for the Semi Final shows, which is in line with the prices of previous Eurovision shows. Meanwhile, tickets for the Grand Final shows will cost between £80 to £380. You can only buy the tickets from www.ticketmaster.co.uk - regardless of where you are in the world. Additionally, you can only purchase tickets for one show at a time rather than multiple shows. But you must have a Ticketmaster UK account to buy and fans are being encouraged to create their account ahead of March 7. Even if you don’t get tickets, there are lots of free events which offer those in Liverpool the opportunity to experience the joy of Eurovision. Here is a rundown of when the tickets will be going on sale for the various shows: • Semi Final 1: Evening Preview on Monday, May 8 at 8pm, Afternoon Preview on Tuesday, May 9 at 1:30pm, and Live Show on Tuesday, May 9 at 8pm. • Semi Final 2: Evening Preview on Wednesday, May 10 at 8pm, Afternoon Preview on Thursday, May 11 at 1:30pm, and Live Show on Thursday, May 11 at 8pm. • Grand Final: Evening Preview on Friday, May 12 at 8pm, Afternoon Preview on Saturday, May 13 at 1pm, and Live Show on Saturday, May 13 at 8pm. There are also other events you can purchase tickets for including previews. Tickets for the Afternoon Previews are between £30 to £80 for Semi Finals 1 & 2 and from £80 to £190 for the Grand Final. While tickets for the Evening Previews are £60 to £210 for Semi Finals 1 & 2, and £100 to £280 for the Grand Final. Finally, tickets for the Live Televised Shows are £90 to £290 for Semi Finals 1 & 2, and from £160 to £380 for the Grand Final. DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark [VIDEO]Clarkson's Farm star receives £34,000 as fans rally to support farmer [UPDATE]Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 [INSIGHT] Fans should be aware, you can only purchase a maximum of four tickets in one order for the three live televised shows. Customers can buy a maximum of six tickets per order for the six Preview Shows. All the money from the ticket sales will be going in to funding the event. The shows will be kicking off from Monday, May 8 and running throughout the week with lots of chances for Eurovision fans to get tickets. The Eurovision Song Contest 2023 Grand Final will be airing on BBC One on Saturday, May 13 at 8pm