The UK is bracing to be smothered in heavy snow and the coldest temperatures of the year so far, with the latest weather maps showing the exact areas of the country to be worst hit. The Met Office has issued several yellow weather warnings for snow and ice covering much of the country throughout the whole of this week. Now the latest UK weather maps from WXCHARTSshow the areas that will be battered most by this heavy snow, with the Met Office warning temperatures could plunge to as low as -15C on Tuesday night. Snow is currently sweeping in throughout much of the UK, with one map showing as much of 11cm could fall in northern Scotland at midday while in England, London, the Midland and North West are under threat. In the early hours of Wednesday morning, the heavy snow starts blanketing the south coast of England, with up to 4-7cm forecast to fall, with London and parts of Wales at risk while accumulations of 10cm are showing in northern Scotland. But much worse is to come as the latest UK weather maps show a huge band of snow seeping in from the west on Thursday and battering large parts of the UK. The map begins to turn icy white at midday and by mid-afternoon, up to 3cm of snow could blanket the North West and North East in England, with 8cm accumulating in Scotland. This rapidly intensifies as the day progresses, with up to 12cm of snow for northern England showing on one map in the evening, and a few centimetres less in surrounding areas. The snow intensity significantly ramps up just hours later, with all of Scotland turning icy white on the weather maps a huge 12-17cm forecast to fall across much of the country. The snow threat spreads further southwards as the day progresses, with up to 12cm showing in northern England mid-afternoon as heavy snowfall and accumulations continue to form throughout next weekend. In its latest forecast, the Met Office has warned a "major change in the weather is underway for the UK, as cold air moves in from the north, bringing snow, ice and low temperatures for many". READ MORE: Police face fury over 46-hour wait to recover crash victims The national forecaster warned "in excess of 20cm of snow could accumulate over high ground in Scotland and more than 5cm is likely to accumulate even to lower levels in the northeast of the UK". Ice will be an "additional hazard", with sub-zero temperatures creating hazardous travel conditions. Temperatures could plunge to as low as -15°C overnight on Tuesday in some sheltered Scottish Glens, especially where there’s fresh snow cover. Met Office Chief Meteorologist Dan Suri said: “Snow, ice and low temperatures are the main themes of this week’s forecast, as the UK comes under the influence of an arctic maritime airmass as cold air moves in from the north. "Snow is already falling in parts of the north where some travel disruption likely, as well as a chance of some rural communities being cut off. DON'T MISS: Doctors misdiagnosed woman with stress but she has stage 4 cancer [REPORT] 'Debt trap' to trigger financial crash as interest rates race past 6% [OPINION] WASPI women celebrate major £100,000 milestone [COMMENTS] "Snow showers will continue through today and Tuesday here, and Northern Ireland will also be subject to some snow showers, especially over high ground. "Ice will provide an additional hazard for many with overnight low temperatures well below 0°C for many. "Further south wintry hazards will develop with parts of England and Wales affected by icy patches and snow in places tonight and likely further snow in parts of the south early Wednesday." The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has issued a Level 3 Cold Weather Alert for the whole of England which is likely to be reviewed in the coming days. Dr Agostinho Sousa, UKHSA Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection, said: "During periods like this, it is important to check in on family, friends and relatives who may be more vulnerable to the cold weather, as it can have a serious impact on health. "If you have a pre-existing medical condition or are over the age of 65, it is important to try and heat your home to at least 18°C if you can." The heavy snow and freezing temperatures over the coming days will also trigger travel disruption for millions of Britons. Dale Hipkiss, National Network Manager at National Highways, said: “Keeping a kit of essential items like a torch and warm clothes, in your vehicle, can be vital in case you and your passengers become stranded in winter. "Freezing conditions bring so many hazards such as snow and ice and take every possible step to understand your journey in advance and allow lots of extra time when travelling to prepare for the unexpected. "It is therefore always important to plan ahead for your journey, listen to the weather forecasts, and if weather conditions become challenging, adjust your driving behaviour and take extra care."