Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff might have reportedly benefited from Fernando Alonso’s remarkable Aston Martin debut despite the struggles of Silver Arrows duo Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. According to reports, Aston Martin’s stock has gone up by 15 per-cent after Alonso finished third at the Bahrain Grand Prix. The veteran Spaniard excelled in the season opener, finishing on the podium behind Red Bull pair Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez. He ended the race ahead of Mercedes’ Hamilton and Russell, whose chances of a world championship have already been dashed by a brutal assessment from Wolff. But the Mercedes team principal might be able to take some small solace from Aston Martin’s surprise success. In 2020, Wolff bought a one per-cent stake in the team from part-owner Lawrence Stroll as a personal investment. Mercedes-Benz then purchased a 20 per-cent stake in Aston Martin later that year and their stock doubled. Aston Martin’s stock reportedly rose by 15 per-cent after Alonso came third in Bahrain. JUST IN: Mercedes press pause on Lewis Hamilton contract talks after disaster That is according to sport business expert Joe Pompliano, who claims that Aston Martin has added £266.6million (€300m) to its company value in the 24 hours after the Formula One season opener. It was an underwhelming weekend for Mercedes, with Hamilton and Russell finishing fifth and seventh, respectively. Wolff conceded that the W14 car will not be competitive at the top of the world championship leaderboards. The Austrian praised Aston Martin for their excellent race, while condemning Mercedes’ as one of their ‘worst days’. “One of the worst days [of] racing. Really not good at all,” Wolff told Sky Sports. “We’re just lacking pace and that’s a reflection of the test. The Aston Martin is very fast, they deserve that, and Red Bull is just on a different planet. Don't miss... Toto Wolff makes brutal Lewis Hamilton and George Russell comment [LATEST] Lewis Hamilton American accent: Why F1 star has US twang  [LATEST] David Coulthard disagrees with Lewis Hamilton's thoughts [LATEST] “That is what hurts because they’re so far ahead, it reminds me of the days when we put the second on everybody. That is the benchmark, but we need to put one step after the other to just come back. And then we can do that.” Meanwhile, seven-time world champion Hamilton ominously conceded that Mercedes have gone ‘backwards’ despite struggling last year. “We definitely can’t fight [Red Bull] at the moment, they were much quicker than us, as were the Astons,” the Briton said. “We’re the fourth fastest team now, as opposed to the third last year. We’re going backwards, [so] we really have a lot of work to do to close that gap.”