A priest claims he had a near-death experience (NDE) in 2016 which sent him straight to hell. The US-based priest who goes by the handle @geraldjohnson1 Gerald Johnson took to TikTok to share the details of the NDE which he said was triggered by a heart attack. He warned that he "wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy," adding: "No one deserves that." Mr Johnson described how his spirit left his body and went down to hell getting through the "very centre of the Earth". He tried his best to explain the "indescribable things" that he saw during the NDE, as he said he "grows emotional every time I talk about it". What "blew me away" was a man walking on all fours like a dog with a chain around his neck and getting burnt from head to toe, he said, as he described him as a "dog in hell" and a "demon". He said: "His eyes were bulging and worse than that: He was wearing chains on his neck. He was like a hellhound. There was a demon holding the chains." Another section of hell that also "blew me away", Mr Johnson said, was demons singing music, including Rihanna’s Umbrella and Robby McFerrins's Don’t Worry, Be Happy. The priest concluded that "every lyric to every song is to torment you as to the fact that you didn't worship God through music when you weren’t on the Earth." When he came back to Earth, he claimed to have seen the "real Jesus" who told him: "You have been secretly upset with the people that hurt you. You have been hoping that I would punish the people that hurt you. These are not your people, these are my people." He added Jesus told him: "I only want you to focus on the assignment that I’m giving you because I want to do something through you that the world hasn’t seen." Mr Johnson claims that instead of waiting for people to pay for their wrongdoing, his horrifying NDE taught him to forgive them. NDEs are thought to most likely occur as a result of a change in blood flow to the brain after abrupt life-threatening events, such as a heart attack, blunt trauma, or even shock, according to researchers from the International Association for Near-Death Studies. READ MORE: 'TikTok school riots' show a lack of respect for authority The electrical activity in your brain begins to slow down as it starts to lose blood and oxygen. One expert told Scientific American: "Like a town that loses power one neighbourhood at a time, local regions of the brain go offline one after another." The mind continues functioning during an NDE but without the constraints of its typical operations. The NDE leaves individuals who experience it with a true, sometimes horrific memory, regardless of whether it is just a lack of oxygen, some kind of anaesthetic, or a neurochemical response to trauma. According to a study by the European Academy of Neurology, one in 10 people have had NDE. Among the 1,034 participants in the study, some described feeling at total peace, having their 'soul sucked out', hearing angels singing, being aware they were outside their body, seeing their life flashing before them, and being in a dark tunnel before reaching a bright light. DON'T MISS:'I'm 52 and I date men in their 20s for sex' [REPORT] 'Marrying my stepdad was the best decision I’ve ever made' [REPORT] A&E patient forced to wait 11 hours at hospital 'covered in rubbish' [REPORT] Others spoke of being aware of another's presence before they went to sleep or of a demon sitting on their chest while they lay paralysed unable to move. A total of 289 people reported an NDE, and 106 of those reached a threshold of 7 on the Greyson NDE Scale - designed to measure the depth of an individual’s near-death experience. In the US, an estimated 9 million people have reported an NDE, according to a 2011 study in Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences. READ NEXT:Locals target TikToker that filmed Nicola Bulley police finding bodyMum celebrates Loose Women cancellationMillionaire at 25 teaches other women how to make moneyTammy Slaton has 1000lb Sisters fans gobsmacked with weight lossWoman who shed 15lbs without exercising shares diet 'colour theory'