King Charles III has made his first public appearance since the news was confirmed that the monarch was evicting Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from Frogmore Cottage. The news was made public on Wednesday, with a spokesperson for the Sussexes' confirming the news later that day, by stating they had been "requested to vacate" the Windsor-based property. The 74-year-old appeared relaxed as he made his way into St Mary Magdalene Church for the Sunday morning service. The couple lived in the five-bedroom home when they lived in the UK as senior royals and kept the property after moving out of the UK, as a base for potential visits. Their last stay at Frogmore Cottage was in June 2022, when the couple and their two children visited for the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee. The official statement, regarding their eviction, read: "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." READ MORE: 'That's not racist!' Chris Rock slams Meghan Markle's race claim about the Royal Family The King's decision to evict the couple was prompted by Harry's attacks on Camilla, particularly in his interviews in January. An insider told the Mirror: "It was the last straw. "Harry was well aware how Camilla would be a red line for his father and he crossed with flagrant disregard anyway." They added that they "crossed the line" and the King thought they were the "ultimate act of disrespect". Despite this, reports have suggested that the King may not be giving up on the couple completely and could offer them a place to stay at the official London residence, Buckingham Palace. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan officially invited to Coronation - but pair refuse to say if they will go A source has claimed that the couple, and their two children "could have Andrew's old rooms there, which are currently being vacated". However, the family-of-four could be offered stay at St James's Palace, when it is required, or at Princess Diana's former home, Apartment 1 at Kensington Palace, which is currently being renovated and is empty. The source has deemed London to be a "better fit" for Harry, Meghan, Archie and Lili, adding that the couple "always wanted rooms at Buckingham Palace". DON'T MISS Prince Harry says 'broken home' made him 'perfect candidate' for army [INSIGHT]Harry insists he's performing 'an act of service' with his interviews [COMMENT]'Meghan was not as cool' as Prince Harry in meeting with Rebel Wilson [PICTURES] It has been confirmed that the couple have received an invite to the Coronation via email. A spokesperson for the couple confirmed the news, however stated that the Sussexes are not yet making an "immediate decision" on their attendance, therefore it will "not be disclosed by us at this time". On Saturday, Harry sat down with Hungarian-Canadian physician, Gabor Maté, to discuss "living with loss" in a live-only virtual event. In the interview, Harry set another attack upon his father, this time accusing him of not giving him enough hugs during his childhood. Describing it as a "mistake", Harry added that if he did not hug his own children, then it would have a "similar" impact on them as he experienced growing up.