Manchester United legend Gary Neville has thrown his weight behind fellow ex-England footballers Gary Lineker and Ian Wright. Neither of the pair will appear on Match of the Day (MOTD) this Saturday amid an ongoing row with the BBC over social media usage. Lineker received backlash from his employers after likening the government's asylum policy to Nazi Germany. Home Secretary Suella Braverman, who has a Jewish husband, labelled the remark 'offensive'. On Friday, a BBC spokesperson revealed that Lineker would be taking a step back from his MOTD presenting duties after days of 'extensive talks' with his team. The statement added that Lineker's Tweets broke the broadcaster's editorial guidelines. Wright, an Arsenal legend who regularly appears as a pundit alongside Lineker, came out in solidarity with the 62-year-old by publishing his withdrawal from this week's show on social media. Don't miss... Lineker may be replaced by Alex Scott or four other MOTD candidates [COMMENT] Prominent Sky Sports pundit Neville also took to Twitter in support of the pair, at first responding to the news of Lineker stepping back with: "When you take on the Tories and the system! Awful people who we need gone. Off for a glass of wine." Less than an hour later, reacting to the news that Wright would not be appearing on the forthcoming episode of MOTD either, Neville wrote: "I had no doubt Ian Wright would do that! Who the hell is going to go on now!" Read more... Cristiano Ronaldo trolled as Al-Nassr opponents belt out Messi chant [LATEST] Four clubs that could sign Tottenham star Richarlison after Conte rant [TRANSFERS] Man Utd takeover hopeful Sheikh Jassim 'could ditch bid' [REPORT] The former United star then responded directly to Wright announcing his withdrawal, writing: "You're more than good! [Heart emoji]." Amid an ongoing rant in support of the MOTD duo, Neville then retweeted Labour MP Lucy Powell, who called the action against Lineker 'an over reaction brought on by a right-wing media frenzy'. Alan Shearer has since informed the BBC that he will also refuse to participate in Saturday's programme. Talk has already turned to who could take Lineker's place, with the former World Cup Golden Boot winner having hosted the show since 1999. Alex Scott and Jermaine Jenas are seen as two of the front-runners if Lineker is not reinstated, although Scott has already appeared to rule herself out on social media. Arsenal fan Piers Morgan lashed out at the BBC's decision on Friday, calling it 'spineless' before adding: "I now demand the BBC suspend every presenter who has made public comment about news or current affairs - starting with Sir David Attenborough and Lord Sugar." During his playing days, Lineker enjoyed prolific spells with Leicester, Everton, Barcelona and Tottenham, as well as notching 48 goals for England. The BBC refused to add further comment when approached by Express Sport.