Popular Coronation Street couple Beth Tinker (played by Lisa George) and Kirk Sutherland (Andrew Whyment) have seemed like star crossed lovers since they met so their recent tensions appear to have come out of the blue. Their problems stem from the fact that Beth hit 12-year-old Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) and lied about it. The Underworld machinist slapped the young girl after she falsely claimed that Beth’s dog Peanut had bitten her. Realising she was in serious trouble, Beth lied about her actions and bribed Hope to keep quiet about what really happened. But when the truth came out, Kirk was unable to look at Beth the same way having defended her. He initially planned to leave her until his sister Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) managed to push them back together. READ MORE: Dancing on Ice fans blast 'fuming' Vanessa Bauer as Joey Essex loses Last week viewers saw Beth try to make amends once and for all with her husband. She tried to convince him that at heart she was still a good person who had simply made a mistake. In a further attempt to remind him their relationship was worth saving she showed him mementos from their time together. The pair were close to reuniting in the Rovers, until Kirk found a handwritten letter left to Beth by a man named Marco. While she swore it was nothing viewers have seen her singing Marco’s praises. And, although she assured Kirk that she would destroy the letter she didn’t. Later when Glenda Shuttleworth (Jodie Prenger) found him on social media Beth reconnected with him. On Monday night, fans of the show will finally get to see the mysterious character as he arrives on the cobbles. DON'T MISS: Malala Yousafzai on 'painful joke' aimed at her by Jimmy Kimmel [INSIGHT]Daisy Edgar-Jones leaves little to imagination in see-through gown [INSIGHT]Kate Hudson forced to correct Oscars 2023 reporter [INSIGHT] Guest star Paul Albertson, who has previously appeared in Sherlock and Extras, will play Marco. Beth dresses to impress and heads to the Bistro to meet her former flame. Although she brings Glenda along for moral support it soon becomes clear that she is surplus to requirements. Realising she is a third wheel, the Rovers barmaid makes herself scarce leaving the former couple to catch up. However, Kirk is also reconnecting with an ex as in nostalgic scenes he reminisces with Fiz about the time he proposed to her. Although Fiz is now married to Tyrone (Alan Halsall) she dated Kirk for several years, and he proposed to her in 2007. With both parties feeling restless is there any way back for Beth and Kirk? Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV.