Meghan Markle and Prince Harry enjoyed a romantic evening out in Los Angeles on Tuesday, their first public outing since they were asked to "vacate" Frogmore Cottage. A spokesperson for the couple confirmed speculation about the couple's residence this week, saying the Palace had asked them to leave the residence in January. Despite the eviction notice, the couple appeared to be all smiles as they put up a united front during their children-free evening. The royal couple were spotted just outside the San Vicente Bungalows, a hotspot for Hollywood's power players, on Tuesday. Meghan donned her signature colours as she paired sleek black leather pants with a beige light jacket and black heels. She completed the look with a simple black clutch. Prince Harry looked casual in a blue shirt and jeans paired with a dark grey open cardigan. The Duke was seen stepping out of their car first with Meghan following shortly after as a bodyguard shielded them from the Los Angeles rain with a black umbrella. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan to be evicted from Frogmore Cottage as King hands it to Prince Andrew San Vicente Bungalows is known among stars for its ban on cell phones and photos to better allow their clients to enjoy a private dinner. The evening out marked the first time Meghan and Harry were spotted in public together since the release of the Duke's autobiography in January. A royal insider told Page Six that the King kicked off the eviction proceedings the day after the publication of Spare. Speaking to royal reporter Omid Scobie, the source said: "It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. "It's like the family wants to cut them out of the picture for good. Harry and Meghan have until early summer to vacate. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry look to 'upstage' Coronation with major royal update But the additional chapter could affect Prince Harry's desire for reconciliation with the Royal Family if the new version is released close to his father's Coronation. The Duke of Sussex said on his book's promotional door he wants the King and Prince William "back." King Charles III has indeed offered an olive branch to his youngest son, as Express.co.uk was able to confirm he had Harry and Meghan added to the ceremony's guest list. But further comments so close to the service could eventually backfire on the Duke of Sussex. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews