Jake Paul might have taken the verdict on one of the judges' scorecards in his defeat to Tommy Fury in Saudi Arabia, but he was humiliated when it came to the official punching stats. It was the Englishman who prevailed in a long awaited grudge match, with scores 76-73, 76-73, 74-75 going in his favour. Many fans felt 'The Problem Child' was fortunate to even get a split verdict, given that Fury appeared in control for much of the eight rounds. That's despite being floored by Paul just moments before the final bell. The 23-year-old may not be ruing his decision not to sign and return a hastily made pre-fight contract, which would have seen him take home the full fight purse if he won, but nothing if dealt a defeat. Both fighters have verbally agreed to a rematch though and in all likelihood, another big pay day. Paul, 26, will have to land considerably more blows to take revenge though. Stats released by British Boxing News have revealed his victorious rival landed almost double the amount of punches during the bout. JUST IN: Conor Benn calls out WBC over 'egg contamination' announcement as drug test row rumbles on The American landed only 25 of his 78 jabs thrown, and only 24 of his 79 attempted power punches. In contrast, Fury nailed 39 of 154 jabs, and 49 of his 148 heftier shots. That meant that overall, the previously unbeaten Paul only struck Fury 49 times despite throwing 157 punches. The undoubtedly busier Fury came close to doubling both those figures, landing 88 of his 302 punches. DON'T MISS:Deontay Wilder gives clear answer on Eddie Hearn link up to help make Anthony Joshua fightAmir Khan torn apart as Carl Froch explains if he'll take comeback fight against 'Bambi'Cristiano Ronaldo couldn't care less as reaction to Tommy Fury beating Jake Paul filmed  The round-by-round breakdown doesn't make pretty reading for Paul either. It was Tyson's brother who landed more punches in all eight rounds, with the fourth ending up 13-2 in his favour. In no round was Paul on top in the stats, and despite trailing 8-6, 11-9, and 12-10 in the opening three, seemingly faded badly. Even his late knockdown was one of just three he nailed in the eighth, compared to Fury's eight.