Djibril Cisse says his former Sunderland boss Roy Keane still has what it takes to manage Manchester United. The ex-Liverpool frontman played under the Sky Sports and ITV pundit during his time with the Black Cats and he believes a reunion between Keane and the club he used to captain would represent "the perfect match." Keane has not managed since 2011 when he was dismissed by Ipswich Town following a two-year stint with Sunderland in the North East. But the 51-year-old still has love for the game and has spent time working as the assistant manager of the Republic of Ireland, Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest, his last formal role in coaching. In the view of Cisse, Keane's leadership qualities shine through and he has the personality to take on the size of the task that would come with managing a club with the size and stature of United. Cisse told Lord Ping: "I think Keane can manage Manchester United for sure. He knows the club, the city and everything by heart. He knows everything there. He is a club legend who captained the team. He would be a perfect match. Don't miss... Man Utd boss Ten Hag addresses Fernandes doubts after Anfield meltdown [LATEST] "Roy Keane as a human being was very different from what everyone says about him - in terms of him being angry and screaming all the time. He was actually really calm. "He was a fair manager, if you were a better player than another in your position you would be playing instead of them. It was a short period of time, but I really liked him." During a conversation with Jamie Carragher for Lad Bible, Keane recently talked down his prospects of a return to management despite being in the fray for the Sunderland job this time last year. When asked by Carragher if Keane considered himself to be a manager doing punditry, he replied: "I did up till recently. Don't miss... Man Utd boss Ten Hag addresses Fernandes doubts after Anfield meltdown [NEWS] Souness confronts Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark [REACTION] Man Utd stars 'joked with Liverpool staff' as Keane explodes in anger [PUNDITS] "But I almost feel recently, I think, those days are over for me now, going back into management. I really feel like that. I'm 50 now, I'm doing the TV. Obviously, I'm labelled as more of a pundit now. "But no, no, I feel I'm getting my head round it. It's maybe more of a head job that is the role for me and over the next few years, I think I can't see a club really giving me a real good opportunity to get back into it. But I don't mind that either. "I'm not fearful of going, 'Well, you might do the TV for the next two or three years'. I'm fine with that, because I do count my blessings, because I know, as you know, there's a lot of ex-players looking to get back into it, and yeah, I'm okay with that." Even if Keane was open to the opportunity, Erik ten Hag looks like he's here to stay following his bright start to life at Manchester United - besides the 7-0 defeat to Liverpool on Sunday. And furthermore, Keane's lack of managerial experience in the past decade is likely to hold him back from landing top-level jobs, notably in the Premier League. Ex-United and Sunderland utility man Kieran Richardson also backs Cisse's claims, recently stating he was surprised Keane never stayed in management as he had a lot to offer given his playing experience. “I am surprised [Keane did not stay in management]," Richardson told SAFC Unfiltered podcast. "I feel like he has a lot to offer, Roy, within football. For me, he is my favourite pundit. You can see the way he talks - he just demands the best from players. That's all he wants, is to try and get the best out of players. "I feel he could definitely be a manager, and as a manager you can go on for a long time. He might still get back into the game."