It would have made "little sense" for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to attend the 95th Academy Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday night, one celebrity PR expert told Express.co.uk. According to Carla Speight, their appearance would have raised more questions than answers. The celebrity guru explained: "It makes little sense for Harry and Meghan to be at the Oscars. Their documentary wasn’t nominated. Meghan’s not currently acting and I don’t think Harry has any plans to either, though stranger things have happened with them recently." Ms Speight continued: "If they showed up to the Oscars, it would raise many questions as to why and ultimately it wouldn’t be a good look for them as it makes no sense." According to the celebrity PR expert, the only time celebs go to these types of awards is for three reasons. "Either they’ve been nominated, are networking or have a project they want to plug," she said, adding: "Harry and Meghan don’t have any of those reasons to be there, so it’s no surprise they weren’t there". The Sussexes have not attended the Oscars before but were reportedly invited to host an award at the 2022 Academy Awards at one stage but this plan was later scrapped. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'missed chance to elevate themselves' and become 'Hollywood royalty' Viewers of this year's Oscar's generally agreed with the PR's opinion, with one social media user tweeting: "She's [Meghan] has not actively appeared in anything why would she attend." Another user simply wrote: "Were they invited?" Others suggested it could have been more calculated, with one social media user tweeting: "They were afraid they were going to be mocked from the stage and ignored by the audience." After the young couple's parody in South Park and Saturday night's spoofing on Saturday, there was much anticipation about the couple's treatment at the Oscars. PR guru Matt Yanofsky warned the couple could get roasted during the Academy Awards ceremony after the comedy show South Park "ripped the Band-Aid off". DON'T MISS.. Archie and Lilibet 'not invited to Coronation' [LATEST] Harry and Meghan will 'make positive step' with Coronation visit [LATEST] Meghan to relaunch blog as 'whingeing' Sussexes fight to stay relevant [LATEST] "South Park is a show that is grandfathered into pop culture. Nobody is cancelling it, and it has a history of saying what everyone thinks but is scared to say," he said on Saturday. He continued: "By satirizing the couple, they’ve given other people permission to finally say what they think about Meghan and Harry, as we saw similarly with Chris Rock’s stand-up special." Speaking to The Mirror, Yanovsky added: "It’s 50/50 if they joke about the couple on Sunday or if they start mocking Meghan and Harry in five years. “It’ll be interesting to see what happens.” READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel branded ‘disrespectful’ for ‘gross’ question to Taliban shooting survivor However, this year's Oscars host Jimmy Kimmel spared the Sussexes from a roasting, instead going after Will Smith for the now infamous Chris Rock slap from last year's ceremony. Harry and Meghan's lack of attendance may be understandable but there's a growing perception that Hollywood is falling out of love with them. "I do think that Harry and Meghan expected more support from Hollywood than they have recently received," Kinsey Schofield, host of the "To Di For Daily" podcast, recently told Fox News Digital. The royal commentator continued: "I think Harry and Meghan had an amazing opportunity to elevate themselves and actually be Hollywood royalty, but their decorum is making people think twice about the association." Harry and Meghan didn't attend Oprah's 69th party back in January, which fuelled speculation that Hollywood was falling out of love with the couple. Oprah's star-studded party included the likes of Kim Kardashian, Jennifer Lopez and Sharon Stone. This followed the so-called Bafta Tea Party "snub" in January, where sources claimed the couple were "not welcome" at a glitzy BAFTA Tea Party because it would be a "PR disaster". In a recent interview with Express.co.uk, TV presenter and former friend Nick Ede suggested that the Sussexes are having a hard time competing with Hollywood's best and brightest. "They’re kind of quite far down really in that pecking order," Ede claimed.