LeBron James sent a message of encouragement to his Los Angeles Lakers teammates as they secured a crucial 122-112 win over the Toronto Raptors on Friday night. Despite James’ injury, the Lakers have continued to roll and are firmly in playoff contention as they defeated the Raptors with a misfiring Anthony Davis. The Lakers secured their third successive win despite a poor showing from Davis, who shot four-for-seven from the field at the Crypto.com Arena. Davis finished with just eight points in a 33 minute cameo, adding nine rebounds and four blocks for good measure. Ultimately, D’Angelo Russell was the hero for Los Angeles as he led the way with 28 points and nine assists in his return from injury after missing the last six games. The 27-year-old hit five threes and shot 10-for-17 from the floor to lead the Lakers past Toronto. After a dismal performance in the third quarter that saw the home team score just 15 points, the Lakers embarked on a dominant scoring run in the final quarter to secure the win. LA scored 37 points while the Raptors could only manage 15 down the stretch. READ MORE: Toronto Raptors star launches into foul-mouthed rant about NBA refs Dennis Schroder, Austin Reaves and Rui Hachimura all contributed to the win with 23, 18 and 16 points off the bench respectively while Jarred Vanderbilt - who has added much-needed defensive hustle - was the only other starter besides Russell with double-digits in scoring as he added 16 points. After the game, James took to Twitter to post: “Man I love this team!!!” James is currently still out indefinitely with a foot injury, but it is promising the the Lakers can churn out wins with their superstar absent and Davis struggling to score. The team made several trades prior to the NBA Trade Deadline, with the major trade seeing Russell, Vanderbilt and Malik Beasley joining the Lakers in a move that sent former MVP Russell Westbrook out of town. Meanwhile, Scottie Barnes and OG Anunoby scored 32 and 31 points respectively while Jakob Poeltl added 17 in the defeat. As Pascal Siakam scored 12, Fred VanVleet was the only Raptors starter to not hit double-digits in scoring as he managed just eight points. Don't miss... Shaquille O'Neal hits out at suspended Memphis Grizzlies ace Ja Morant [LATEST] Devin Booker, Chris Paul rue Kevin Durant injury as Suns year at risk [LATEST] Morant avoids criminal charges but NBA investigation continues [LATEST] After the Philadelphia 76ers saw off the Portland Trail Blazers and the Brooklyn Nets needed overtime to defeat the Minnesota Timberwolves, the win over Toronto means the Lakers are remarkably the ninth seed in the competitive Western Conference. It represents a remarkable turnaround for the 17-time NBA champions, who started the 2022/23 season with a 2-10 record. Now, the Lakers find themselves just 1.5 games behind the LA Clippers, who occupy fifth-place in the west. The purple-and-gold currently possess a 33-34 record and they will have the opportunity to move to .500 when they welcome the New York Knicks on Sunday night.