The North Coast 500 in northern Scotland has been named the best route to drive in the UK. Research of 2,000 motorists rated the route, starting from Inverness, as the most spectacular to take on four wheels – beating other stunning locations such as Cheddar Gorge in Somerset, and Snake Pass in Derbyshire, to the title. And incredible drone photography has been released of the top routes, showcasing their spectacular natural beauty from the skies. Other highly-rated routes to drive included Kendal to Keswick, in the Lake District, and Snowdonia’s Llanberis Pass. The research was commissioned by National Geographic to launch season 11 of Car S.O.S, on Thursday 9th March. Tim Shaw, presenter of the show, said: “The research has highlighted some of the most spectacular locations to drive in the UK, celebrating some of the roads we should all enjoy at some point in our lives. “The North Coast certainly feels a worthy winner with its absolutely spectacular scenery. “However, as a Yorkshire lad myself, the Snake Pass will always have a special place in my heart. “Getting behind the wheel and creating memories with those closest to you, in breath-taking locations such as these, can never be a bad thing.” The B3306 between St Ives and St Just in Cornwall was another fine location for a drive, according to respondents – as well as the A169 and A170 in Yorkshire, best known as the “Best of the Moors”. It also emerged experiences most enjoyed behind the wheel included picturesque scenery based in the countryside, smooth surfaces, and as few traffic lights as possible. Lakes and streams, mountains and cliffs, as well as the ocean, were said to be the most breath-taking views. And the research also found 82 percent like their own car – stating its reliability, longevity, and memories created while driving it, as the things they love most. One in eight even have a human name for their motor, according to the findings via OnePoll. The vast majority (84 percent) have also taken on a road trip – with great weather, a comfortable vehicle, and the journey itself, seen as the components of the perfect trip. But while 47 percent reckon they’re an organised road tripper, with prior planning down to the tiniest detail being seen as key, 18 percent prefer a spontaneous approach. Key items to take with you were seen as water, a paper road map, and a camera. It also emerged 68 percent feel their enjoyment of driving depends on who is accompanying them – with 47 percent revealing some of the best conversations they’ve had have been in a car. Cars also clearly evoked memories, according to the results – as a third can still remember how it feels to drive their first motor. And 32 percent said their first car was not expensive or special in any way, but it still meant a lot to them – with 27 percent very proud of their first car, and 24 percent even remembering its registration plate. Fuzz Townshend, presenter of Car S.O.S, said: “The study has shown how much affection there is for not only the love of driving, but the vehicles themselves. “It’s pleasing to see how many people do like the car they drive, but also the bond they clearly build with their motors. “So many memories happen when behind the wheel, and the latest series will explore more of these moments.”