Locals have slammed Harry Styles fans who are flocking to their village in hopes of seeing the singer's childhood home. Harry - former One Direction member - grew up in Holmes Chapel in idyllic Cheshire. But residents have shared fears of their homes being "spoilt" and "overrun" by the singer's fans who've daubed graffiti on walls. The obsession with visiting the village led to a trail which leads fans to significant landmarks in the singer's life. The trail incldues W Mandeville’s Bakery where Harry used to work before going on ITV's X-Factor in search of fame. Some fans even risk their lives clambering to reach the viaduct where Harry had his first kiss. "These fans risk life and limb walking down the A535 on a narrow overgrown footpath to cross the road and climb over a stile with a steep drop on the other side,” according to the Holmes Chapel Partnership. Lorraine Hughes, from nearby Middlewich, told TheSun: “It’s a lovely village, so it doesn’t really need a Harry Styles.  “If it was overrun by fans it would be a shame. I like to come to enjoy a quiet coffee, so I might have to tell some of them to please bugger off!” The 69-year-old added: “But I don’t mind his music. I liked One Direction too.’ Margaret Thompson, 72, said she welcomed the new walking trail, even though she doesn’t “know that much” about Harry or his music. “But I don’t want the village overrun or spoilt. As long as it’s small groups of fans there shouldn’t be a problem.” READ MORE: Gayle King weighs in on Sussex children's new royal titles   Mum-of-two Sarah Manning, 34, said when she moved to the village a few years ago she was baffled by the number of fans. “I used to see them outside taking photos,” she said. “It was only later that I realised it was where Harry used to live.’ She added: “I’m not that excited by the new trail or more fans coming to the village. But if it creates more employment that’s OK.” Harry's family were eventually driven out of the small village after fans started camping outside the singer's family home.  Don't miss... Royals and Sussexes still have 'tension' over Archie and Lili titles [LATEST] Gogglebox star speaks out on being suddenly dropped from show [COMMENT] Mum’s heartbreaking tribute after thriving schoolboy takes own life [INSIGHT] The new trail also takes fans to Harry's favourite Chinese takeaway - the Fortune City Chinese Restaurant. It also passes Hermitage Primary School, where Harry started some of his first music lessons as a child. A woman at the bakery, who wished to remain anonymous to avoid fans' questions, said she worked alongside him when he started as a 15-year-old. “He worked hard but I had to give him a gee-up now and again,” she said. “He used to go out to the bakehouse to sing and listen to the radio.” 