Cancer is a disease that causes abnormal cells to divide in an uncontrolled way. This can lead to a growth called a tumour - although not in all cases. Almost any part of the body can be affected by cancer, meaning symptoms can present in a variety of ways. The sooner symptoms are spotted the sooner you can seek treatment. While some signs of cancer can be very specific, others could be easily mistaken for other illnesses. According to University of California San Francisco (UCSF) Health, there are four cancer symptoms that could be attributed to another health issue. But if they become chronic, lasting more than two weeks, or persistent they should be taken seriously.  READ MORE: Ditch disposable plastic bottles to avoid health impacts of tiny particles, says scientist In a list of cancer symptoms that you “shouldn’t ignore” it warns of chronic coughing, chronic headache, persistent pain and persistent fatigue. “A cough that persists for more than two weeks, especially a dry cough, can be a sign of lung cancer,” UCSF says. It says: “A headache that lasts more than two weeks and doesn't respond to the usual medications can be caused by a brain tumour.” “Persistent pain anywhere in your body that has no clear cause and doesn't respond to standard treatments should be evaluated,” it explains.  It adds: “A sudden, lasting change in your energy level, no matter how much sleep you've been getting, can be a sign of leukaemia or lymphoma.” The health body explains: “Early detection is one of the best weapons against the disease. “Screenings can detect a cancer before symptoms appear. “You too can pick up on early warning signs by paying close attention to changes in your body. READ MORE: The red tea that could lower cholesterol and protect against heart disease   “If you notice something new or different that lasts several weeks – and several weeks is key – reach out to your health care provider. “Not every symptom that could be cancer is cancer.” It shared other potential cancer signs to be wary of: It also warned of changes to the skin, which could be cause for concern.  UCSF says: “A shift in the appearance of a mole or birthmark should be assessed by a health care provider, either in person or through a video visit. “To remember which changes are cause for concern, use this easy mnemonic, ABCDE.” This is: If you have concerns about any of these symptoms you should see a GP. 