Zara Tindall has insecurities and worries as a working mother of three, her husband has revealed. Mike Tindall has hailed Princess Anne's daughter as an incredible woman and has opened up on her struggle of leaving her kids to go to work in the morning. The couple are parents to three children, Mia, nine, Lena, four, and Lucas, one. The father of three revealed his admiration for his wife’s dedication on the carpet at the Legends of Rugby Dinner in January. He told Hello! what made his wife such an incredible woman was her "passion", "compassion" and "dedication" which he thinks are the "foundations of any great mother." He added: "It’s just born in." Mike also explained how Zara "punished herself for going to work because she doesn’t want to leave them." READ MORE: Mike Tindall says daughter Lena has started rugby training The former rugby star's two little girls are following in their father’s footsteps, with Mia and Lena going to a rugby club. The proud father said: "Both Mia and Lena go to Minchinhampton rugby club on a Sunday and they are only nine and four so we've got to give them a bit of time before the pressure comes on but they love all sports and they play rugby as well." After Mike’s appearance on I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here, the couple embarked on an exhilarating Australian vacation, but Michael nixed any further intentions to settle down under.  Don't miss... Queen Elizabeth’s clever solution to stop Mia Tindall being ‘naughty’ [EXPLAINER] Zara Tindall's son Lucas seen cheering for Mike on the football pitch [LATEST] Anton Du Beke shares 'tragedy' as royal 'shuts down' Strictly stint [REPORT] While he admitted "never say never", he said relocating is not "on the cards". Dismissing rumours of them trying to move to Australia, he said: "People try to say that we almost did, but we never almost did. It's never been an actual thing where we’ve looked for a house or anything." He concluded: "We love Australia a lot and we love the lifestyle, I think it's brilliant for kids but whether we could actually move there, we're not sure." READ NEXT:Zara Tindall tipped for I'm A Celebrity 2023 after husband's stint Zara and Mike Tindall embrace more 'inclusive' Cheltenham dress codeZara and Mike decorate their Cotswolds home with 'earthy' coloursZara Tindall shunned Princess Anne's tiara on wedding dayKate and William’s closest royal friends is another couple