The SNP leadership contest between Kate Forbes, Ash Regan, and Humza Yousaf has now entered its final fortnight. The former Minister for Community Safety who resigned last year over the Gender Recognition Reforms, Ms Regan is a supporter of Scottish independence, hoping to use the upcoming elections as a means to achieve it. The MSP for Edinburgh Eastern has throughout her campaign brought up the “historic precedent” which could see the UK Government come to the negotiating table. In an interview with Times Radio on March 12, Ms Regan said: “There is precedence for this [independence] obviously. Many countries have left the UK, many peacefully, I should say.” When quizzed on what countries had ever left the UK, Ms Regan went on to list Canada and the Bahamas as examples of countries which had left the “British empire”. She said: “The British empire started off by saying 'no' and eventually said 'yes' with rising international pressures and I believe it would be the same here.” This is not the first time the union between Scotland and England has been compared to other colonial relationships, as it was discussed when Scotland had its first referendum. This view has also been criticised in the past. Colin Kidd, a history professor at the University of St Andrews, and Gregg McClymont, former historian and MP for Cumbernauld, said it is now “too widely believed” that Scotland was a colonised nation. Writing for the Scotsman together in 2014, they said: “Scots, it is now too widely believed for comfort, are a colonised nation, ruled over by a dominant caste of English colonisers. Or ‘Westminster’ in the language of Yes. “This is not only largely nonsensical as history, but offensive and insulting to many non-white, non-European peoples who did, in fact, find themselves oppressed or even dispossessed by the ‘British’ Empire.” Canada was first colonised 400 years ago with Britain establishing settlements in Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, and Hudson Bay. England eventually ruled over Canada from 1763, and it later became the Dominion of Canada in 1867. In the decades that followed it became increasingly independent, seeking formal recognition of this at the end of World War 1, like many other dominions of the British Empire, such as Australia, with Prime Minister Billy Hughes saying at the time: “We were Colonies, we became Dominions. We have been accorded the status of nations.” READ MORE: Ash Regan says Sturgeon's husband can't be trusted in SNP contest Scotland, however, is not a dominion. But some say moving towards this federal status would be a more gradual move towards independence, as has been suggested before. Ms Regan also mentioned the Bahamas which is this year celebrating its 50 years of independence. The British solidified their rule there in 1783. However, while Ms Regan hinted that Scotland's situation is similar to that of former colonies, many have noted that Scotland itself was complicit in the British Empire, a fact, they say, which should not be forgotten. According to the National Library of Scotland, the nation was itself involved “deeply with slavery in the Caribbean” with “vast fortunes” made. It is estimated that in the latter years of the 18th century, thousands of Scots moved to the region with some remaining there for an extended period. Don't miss... Jeremy Hunt warned against hiking free prescription age [INSIGHT] Royal Family 'did right thing' not attending Lilibet's US christening  [LATEST] POLL: Do you think the BBC licence fee should be scrapped? [POLL] Scottish sugar plantation owners accumulated a great deal of wealth in the West Indies with large ones owned in Antigua by the likes of the Dunbar, Harvey, and Douglas families, according to the University of Glasgow’s the Saint Lauretia project. Ms Regan, in an interview with the National on March 11, similarly pointed towards several of the countries that have gained independence from the British Empire as exemplifying what Scotland could do. She said: “I have the only plan that has historic precedent, can be delivered legally by Scotland alone, moves us beyond the referendum stalemate, is supported by the majority of SNP members, and is accepted by the public. “Bluntly, there is no possibility of the UK Government not agreeing, as demonstrated in the 65 examples of countries that have left the UK or British Empire. There is a 100% success rate in those countries getting the UK Government to the negotiating table after an initial refusal. It is not credible to suggest anything else, the UK Government will even concede this fact.”