Tory MPs have warned that Rishi Sunak could be facing a revolt after threats that they will lose the whip if they question the privileges committee inquiry into whether Boris Johnson lied to Parliament over Partygate. The row has exploded after the key witness, former senior civil servant Sue Gray, defected to Labour to become Sir Keir Starmer’s chief of staff. Conservative backbenchers have questioned how an inquiry into Mr Johnson can continue when the key witness is tainted. But after allegations of an explosive intervention today by whips senior figures in the party have accused the Prime Minister and Downing Street of “collusion” in “trying to stitch up Boris”. A Downing Street source insisted the allegations "are completely untrue" but a number of Tory MPs have told Express.co.uk they have received the same threats. One former minister told Express.co.uk: “I have been told that if we comment on the privileges committee inquiry publicly, we will lose the whip. “This is unprecedented and it is an absolute scandal. “If they press ahead with this, they could end up removing the whip from a third of Conservative MPs. “There will be an absolute revolt on their hands.” Pressure is growing on the four Conservative members of the committee - Sir Bernard Jenkin, Sir Charles Walker, Alberto Coasta and Andy Carter - who are in the majority, to pull the plug on the inquiry because it is dependent on a witness who works for Labour. Another MP told Express.co.uk: “Of course, we should be able to question this kangaroo court because it is a kangaroo court. “How can it be possible for the committee to rely on the evidence of somebody [Sue Gray] who is now a tainted witness.” It is understood the intervention has come after speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle made it clear he would not accept any questioning of the Privileges Committee, chaired by former Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman when he accepted an urgent question on Ms Gray yesterday. But a former minister and Boris loyalist told Express.co.uk: “The whole thing is a stitch-up. “We now have to consider that Downing Street and the Whips Office at number 12 are colluding to discredit Boris.” Don't miss... Sue Gray’s Labour job 'may be in breach of civil service rulebook' [REVEAL] When Starmer met Sue... inside story of how civil servant was won over [INSIGHT] POLL: Should BBC sack Gary Lineker for attack on migrant bill? [REACT] Already activist groups have threatened to push for the deselection of Tory MPs who were involved in bringing Boris Johnson down. One MP said: “If they [the party leadership] are going to play this sort of silly games then more MPs are going to get deselected.” However, by losing the whip it means an MP has to sit as an independent and cannot stand for the party at an election. One MP said: “The Prime Minister would have had to approve this threat. He has raised the stakes.” The committee has concluded in its initial findings that Mr Johnson may have misled Parliament four times. Supporters of Mr Johnson have also noted that while the committee has included considering whether the actions were "deliberate" it also used the word "reckless" leading to fears that Mr Johnson could be punished even if he inadvertantly misled the House. A committee spokesman said: "The committee’s report is not based on the Sue Gray report. The Committee’s report is based on evidence in the form of material supplied by the Government to the Committee in November, including communications such as Whatsapps, emails, and photographs from the official Downing Street photographer. "[Also] evidence from witnesses who were present either at the time of the gatherings or at the time of preparation for Boris Johnson’s statements to Parliament. Sue Gray was present at neither and is not one of those witnesses.”