Season one of The Last of Us is fast approaching its end with only a couple more episodes before it wraps up. The first season has proved to be a hit with audiences and season two has already been commissioned by HBO. Like many big TV shows, The Last of Us has been airing weekly as part of a global simulcast and the time and date it airs differs depending on which country you’re in. In the US In America, The Last of Us episode eight will be airing on HBO and HBO Max on Sunday, March 5 at 9pm Eastern Standard Time. For those the west coast of America, this will be 6pm Pacific Standard Time. To watch When We Are in Need you will need either a subscription to HBO Max or a cable subscription and login for HBO. HBO Max subscriptions start from $9.99 per month and gives you access to a whole range of content including The Last of Us. READ MORE: Camilla 'terrific fun' guessing mystery item on Antiques Roadshow In the UK The Last of Us is going to be shown at exactly the same time around the globe, which means in the UK episode eight will be airing on Monday, March 6 at 2am GMT on Sky Atlantic and streaming platform Now. Episode eight will then be repeated at 9pm on the same day on Sky Atlantic and Now if you couldn’t stay up until the early hours of the morning to watch it live. Alternatively, once the 2am simulcast has taken place, you can actually watch The Last of Us at any time after this on catch up. You will need either a Sky subscription or a Now subscription with an Entertainment pass to watch The Last of Us. READ MORE: The Last of Us introduces David from the video game Prices for Sky subscriptions start from £26 per month, while a NOW pass costs £9.99 per month and you can cancel it at any time. Both of these options gives subscribers access to a whole host of content including films and other TV shows. If you live in Portugal, you can watch The Last of Us episode eight at the same time as in the UK because both countries are in the same time zone In Spain and central Europe, The Last of Us episode eight will be released on Monday, March 6 at 3am CEST. READ MORE: Euphoria star Storm Reid makes a guest appearance in The Last of Us While those in Bulgaria and eastern Europe can watch it from Monday, March 6 at 4am EEST. If you’re in India, The Last of Us is available from Monday, March 6 at 6.30am Indian Standard Time. Those in Australia can catch the episode from Monday, March 6 at 11am. In New Zealand, you can watch the new episode on Monday, March 6 at 1pm NZST. DON'T MISS...Ken Bruce pays tribute to fans in emotional final Radio 2 message [UPDATE]Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [SPOILER]GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview [VIEWER REACTION] What will happen in The Last of Us episode 8? A trailer for the forthcoming instalment reveals Ellie Williams (played by Bella Ramsey) will encounter survivalists David (Scott Shepherd) and James (Troy Baker). The teen will be left fearing for her life as David promises her protection if she joins them, however, James is not so sure about Ellie. With Joel still struggling with his injuries, Ellie will be left to fend for herself with these survivalists proving to be even more deadly than the infected and clickers she’s fought against before. Ellie will be left fighting for her life as David and James ensnare her. The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW on at 2am and 9pm