Newcastle United hero Alan Shearer has joined Ian Wright in withdrawing from this week's Match of the Day (MOTD) in solidarity with presenter Gary Lineker, who is embroiled in a spat with the BBC over his social media usage. Lineker upset Home Secretary Suella Braverman by likening the government's latest asylum policy to Nazi Germany in a Tweet posted this week. He then doubled down on the comments which, according to a BBC spokesperson, breached editorial guidelines. The broadcaster released a statement on Friday outlining that Lineker will take a step back from his presenting duties. 'Extensive talks' had supposedly taken place to try and reach an agreement on the former England star's social media use. Fellow MOTD stalwart Wright subsequently withdrew in 'solidarity' with Lineker, while Shearer's decision came shortly afterwards as he Tweeted: "I have informed the BBC that I won't be appearing on MOTD tomorrow night."  Don't miss... Lineker may be replaced by one of five MOTD candidates after BBC spat [COMMENT] Sky News claim that Lineker believes the wording of the BBC statement to be incorrect as he did not agree to step back, but rather they have taken him off air due to an unwillingness to apologise or admit he should not have made the comments. The BBC statement also included: "When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none. We have never said that Gary should be an opinion free zone, or that he can't have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies."  Read more... Cristiano Ronaldo trolled as Al-Nassr opponents belt out Messi chant [LATEST] Four clubs that could sign Tottenham star Richarlison after Conte rant [COMMENT] Man Utd takeover hopeful Sheikh Jassim 'could ditch bid' [REPORT] Like Lineker, Shearer boasts a glittering football career with prolific spells at Southampton, Blackburn Rovers and Newcastle - for whom he is their record goalscorer. The 52-year-old also amassed 30 goals in 63 appearances for the England national team. His withdrawal has left many to wonder exactly who will appear on Saturday's edition of MOTD as support pours in for the aforementioned trio. Manchester United hero Gary Neville has slammed the BBC's decision, citing 'awful people who we need gone' in a show of social media support.  Arsenal fan Piers Morgan has also been vocal on the issue, Tweeting: "Gary Lineker should tell the BBC to go f*** themselves, as I told ITV to over the [Meghan] Markle debacle. Free speech is the cornerstone of democracy - the moment Britons agree to be told what we’re allowed to say or think, democracy dies." Earlier in the day, Morgan wrote: "Memo to anyone who now agrees to present MOTD tomorrow: we'll see you, and we'll judge you accordingly." The BBC refused to add further comment when approached by Express Sport.