Since learning she has a brain tumour, Lola Pearce-Brown (played by Danielle Harold) has done her best to remain strong for her daughter Lexi (Isabella Brown). However, official spoilers released by EastEnders show that next week it all gets too much for the terminally ill young mum. Her troubles are compounded by the return of her mother Emma Harding (Patsy Kensit) who informs her that she has spotted her new husband Jay Brown (Jamie Borthwick) in a compromising position. At the beginning of the week, Lola throws herself into the brain tumour awareness fundraiser she has organised but worries everyone when she zones out. Refusing to get checked out and returning to her charity work, she zones out again which leads Jay to insist that they go to the hospital. Later, he also broaches the idea of getting a counsellor for Lexi who is struggling with her mum’s illness. Although determined to support her daughter herself, Lola eventually concedes that getting a counsellor for Lexi is a good idea much to Jay’s delight. READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... His efforts appear to be for nothing though as Emma returns and undoes all his good work. Claiming that she came to see how her daughter is after a worried call from Lexi, Lola is concerned that Emma secretly gave Lexi her number and encouraged her to lie. Emma convinces Lola to cancel Lexi’s counsellor leaving Jay fuming and the pair clash over their different approaches to Lola’s situation. Realising that this tension isn’t good, Jay is convinced to go on a lad’s night with Ben (Max Bowden) and Callum (Tony Clay). Meanwhile, Emma accompanies Lola to the hospital where the doctor gives her some worrying news. When they return home an upset Lola says that she doesn’t want Emma to fetch Jay, but her mother ignores her and goes in search of him anyway. Unaware of the latest development in his wife’s illness, Jay is having fun on his night out with Ben and Callum. Along the way they are joined by Shanti, a girl on a hen night she’s not enjoying, and the pair get talking, with Jay intimating just how much he loves Lola. DON'T MISS: William and Kate savaged by James Corden as he mocks waxwork of royals [INSIGHT]Greg James' Rise and Fall trailer teases more drama than The Traitors  [PREVIEW]Royle Family star rules out reboot over fears it would 'be mean'  [INSIGHT] Unfortunately, when Emma walks in and sees them cosying up she misinterprets the situation as a flirtation. When Jay finally arrives homes he is stunned home to find a furious Lola who, fearing he has cheated, tells him he needs to get out. Jay is heartbroken and can’t believe Lola thinks he would be capable of that and is then horrified to hear she’s having an MRI. After talking to Honey, (Emma Barton) he is convinced to go to the hospital to support his wife, and the market boss tags along to distract the overbearing Emma. Acknowledging that she is terrified, Lola finally agrees to speak to her husband, and they share a deep, painful conversation about what’s happening. Meanwhile, Honey tries to dig deeper with Emma and find out why she’s so controlling. Can she find out what’s really going on with Lola’s recently resurfaced mum? EastEnders is on BBC One at 7.30pm Monday-Thursday. 