Experts are sharing the best savings products which are providing top interest rates for the public amid the cost of living crisis. Specifically, two accounts from Coventry Building Society and the Bank of London and the Middle East are being highlighted by Moneyfacts with an ‘Excellent’ product rating. Coventry Building Society’s Limited Access Saver (Online) (Eight) is now on the market and pays customers a rate of 3.10 percent gross / 3.10 percent AER on anniversary. There is no term or notice placed on the savings account with the building society’s product having a minimum opening amount of £1 and a maximum investment amount of £250,000. The account allows for up to six penalty-free withdrawals each year based on the day the account is opened. However, any additional withdrawals are subject to a charge equal to 50 days’ interest on the amount withdrawn. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Those interested in opening a Limited Access Saver can do so by visiting Coventry Building Society’s website and can manage it online too. Savers should note the minimum age requirement to open the Limited Access Saver is 16 and joint account options are available. Eleanor Williams, Moneyfacts’ finance expert, highlighted why she considers the savings account a worthwhile investment. She explained: “This week Coventry Building Society has launched a new issue of its Limited Access Saver account. Paying a competitive rate of 3.10 percent on anniversary, this account can be opened with minimum investment amounts of as little as £1. “Savers can make up to six penalty-free withdrawals per year, but must be aware that any subsequent withdrawals are subject to a loss of interest penalty, so this could suit those who want to maintain some level of access to their nest egg. “There is also a monthly interest option available, which could be of benefit to those looking to supplement their regular income.” In comparison, the Bank of London and the Middle East’s 90-Day Notice Account (Issue Five) pays savers an interest rate of 3.40 percent gross / 3.44 percent AER payable quarterly. For this savings product, the notice period is 90 days and savers need to deposit £10,000 to open the account. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing However, customers have a much larger maximum investment amount compared to Coventry Building Society’s offering at £1million. Access to the account is permitted, but is subject to the 90 days’ notice period, with the minimum withdrawal amount being £1,000. Customers can open and manage the account by visiting the Bank of London and Middle East’s website. Currently, the minimum applicant age for the 90-Day Notice account is 18 and joining account options are available. Moneyfacts.co.uk’s resident savings expert broke down how this product compares to offerings from other banks and building societies. Ms Williams added: “Savers who want to balance being able to have some access to their savings pot with earning a competitive rate of return might be tempted by the 90-Day Notice Account from Bank of London and the Middle East. “Following a rate increase of 0.20 percent, this account now pays an expected profit rate of 3.4 percent gross, which sees it take a position in the top 10 compared to other notice accounts currently on the market. “Further additions can be made, but any withdrawals are subject to a 90-day notice period, however, with careful planning this may still be an attractive choice for some.”