A gang of vicious crooks who used a flamethrower, knives, and boiling salt water to torture a man for six hours have been imprisoned. The "dangerous" Charlie Saunter, William O'Brien, and Kai Haruna attacked their victim during a drugs-related dispute. On July 5, 2020, the man was attacked by the three thugs — Saunter, 23, O'Brien, 20, and Haruna, both 20  — ho also burned him, bit him with a dog, and took a knife to his genitalia. Police reported that O'Brien prevented the victim from fleeing by using his dog while Haruna repeatedly jumped on the victim's chest until he passed out. Kent Police Detective Constable John Carless said: "These men are violent and dangerous criminals with zero regard for the law. "Haruna, O'Brien, and Saunter planned and launched a lengthy attack on their victim, subjecting him to vicious torture techniques over a period of six hours."  It was disclosed that the three people tortured their victim in July 2020 as a result of a dispute over money or the distribution of drugs during a hearing at Maidstone Crown Court in Kent. After discovering a video of the incident that had been shared on social media two days after the assault, Kent Police immediately arrested the three suspects. Police officers detained the suspects and discovered two knives, heroin, and cocaine in their hands. In addition, a dog that was present at the captures bit one of the officers. The trio consisting of Saunter, O'Brien, and Haruna were all charged with causing severe bodily harm with intent. Although Saunter and Haruna admitted to the charges, O'Brien initially denied his involvement before ultimately pleading guilty. Additionally, Saunter admitted to possessing heroin and crack cocaine with the intent to distribute. The sentencing took into account two other cases that involved thefts and further violent acts. Saunter, from Pevensey in East Sussex, was jailed for 13 years and six months, while O'Brien, from Greenwich, was jailed for 11 years, and Haruna, from Grove Park, London, was jailed for eight years and three months. All three will have to serve at least two-thirds of their sentence before being eligible for parole and will also face a four-year extended license period upon release