Sarah Ferguson, or 'Fergie', was great friends with Princess Diana up until a year before her death, with the 63-year-old describing the pair as like “siblings” in a 2018 interview with Harper’s Bazaar. Now, she has spoken out about how the late Diana would feel following years of upheaval amongst the royal fold and the ongoing row with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Fergie has much in common with Meghan as they both married into the Royal Family, the former tying the knot with Prince Andrew in 1986 before “amicably” divorcing a decade later. She similarly packed up her life and moved over to the US for ten years after she and the Duke of York went their separate ways and has said she can “understand” why Harry decided to do the same. The mother of two said: “I can't speak for [Harry]. But I will say that after I got divorced, I spent 12 years in America, writing books, and it was a wonderful place for me. I felt free there.” Although the novelist, whose latest book A Most Intriguing Lady is being published at the end of the month, said she “doesn’t really know” the Duchess of Sussex as she said she has not “really met her”, she appears to admire the 41-year-old and has leapt to her defence. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat When asked whether the former Suits actress had “damaged” the Royal Family, Fergie responded: “It is absolutely not my place to answer that.” Instead, Fergie went on to discuss that the “beautiful” Duchess, whom she said she saw last at Queen Elizabeth II’s funeral in September, just how important it was that Meghan had made Harry. Speaking to the Telegraph, Fergie said: “She has made Harry very happy, and that is so nice. Honestly, he’s so happy with her. She really loves him. And I think that’s beautiful – and that Diana would be proud of him and her lovely grandchildren." The Sussexes now live with their two children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, in Montecito, California, where they moved after stepping back as senior royals in 2020. READ MORE: Fergie said she's ‘not really met’ Duchess despite Meghan curtsy story The Duchess of York has long felt that Diana, who died when Harry was just 12 years old, would be proud of Meghan as she told Good Morning America in 2021: "I wish Harry and Meghan so much happiness. "I know Diana would be so proud of her sons and their wives." Although she was not asked to attend Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales’s wedding in 2011, Fergie was invited to Harry and Meghan’s do at Windsor Castle in 2018. The Duke of Sussex, who has now been married to Meghan for almost half a decade, gushed about her in a new interview, revealing that his wife has done more than just make him happy, she “saved” him. Don't miss... POLL: Should William and Kate move to Royal Lodge? [POLL] UK prison escapes more than doubled over past year  [INSIGHT] Charles Bronson victim on how horrific attack will haunt him forever [LATEST]  In the live-streamed, "intimate" conversation with trauma expert Dr Gabor Maté which cost £17 per ticket, Prince Harry told how he was “stuck” before he met Meghan. Speaking on Saturday, he said: “My wife saved me. I was stuck in this world, and she was from a different world and helped draw me out of that.” He described Meghan as an “exceptional human being” who helped him reflect on his upbringing and encouraged him to pursue therapy. Now, Harry said, he is prioritising giving their two children a very different childhood to the one he experienced. The Duke said in the event publicising his memoir Spare: “We only know what we know, and for myself and my wife, we do the best we can as parents – learning from our own past and overlapping those mistakes, perhaps, and growing to break that cycle." Sarah Ferguson's book, A Most Intriguing Lady, will be published by HarperCollins on March 30 and is available for preorder here.