There are more than 540 health conditions that can qualify a person to get the benefit with the average success rate for PIP claims currently at 52 percent, according to Benefits and Work. The payment includes a daily living and a mobility component with a lower and upper payment depending on a person’s needs. The study by Benefits and Work found these conditions are ‘extremely likely’ to get an award: READ MORE: Simple change to payments could see you slash energy bills by £254 Figures from the DWP show there has been an increase in the number of people claiming for psychiatric disorders, from September to October last year. This includes many conditions such as anxiety, stress, depression and learning disorders. There was also an increase in the number of people claiming for musculoskeletal conditions such as arthritis, joint or chronic pain, or hip disorders, which went up by 10,200 claims. Benefits and Work found awards for arthritis were above the average rate:  Some 35 percent of all successful PIP claims at the end of October 2022 were in receipt of the highest level of award, of £627.60. For the daily living element, PIP currently pays £61.85 a week for the lower rate and £92.40 a week for the higher rate. For the mobility element, PIP pays £24.45 a week for the lower rate and £64.50 a week for the higher rate. PIP payments are increasing by 10.1 percent in April along with many other benefits, including Universal Credit. READ MORE: Santander issues alert after ‘realistic’ scam email included customer’s card details  These are the main categories of illnesses and conditions that qualify for PIP, along with how many people claim for each category: Some 487,000 people over state pension age are receiving PIP. A person cannot make a PIP claim once they reach state pension age but if they previously received the benefit it will continue. Applicants are assessed to determine how much their condition affects them and what level of support they need. To qualify, an individual must have been affected in their daily living or mobility for at least three months by the health condition or disability. They must also expect this to continue for at least another nine months. PIP is being replaced by Adult Disability Payment in Scotland but the devolved benefit has the same qualifying criteria.