Nearly half of Brits (46 percent) have set up a side hustle – with the top extra earners including selling old clothes online (34 percent), and becoming a social media “influencer” (22 percent). A poll of 2,000 adults found that 55 percent feel they need an additional source of income to help them feel financially comfortable – with over a third (36 percent) of those with a side hustle worried about rising energy costs. But one in five have set up a side job simply to cash in on a hobby or skill – such as DIY (12 percent), and even drawing pictures of people's pets (14 percent). Blogging or writing, making candles, web design, and baking are also among the top 30 side hustles entrepreneurial Brits have set up. And of those who haven't yet set up their own part-time project, half (51 percent) are considering doing so to make ends meet. This quiz will help you determine how financially comfortable you are – and whether you should be considering a second job. A spokesman for research agency OnePoll.com, which commissioned the study and quiz, said: “Everyone could do with having a bit more money in their pocket. “If you already have a talent you can parlay into something which will make money, that’s great – but many people struggle to find what that might be. “On the other hand, it’s not unusual to stumble into a lucrative side hustle – you may walk someone’s dog as a favour one day, and then end up turning it into a small business.” The study also found that one in four (26 percent) simply like to have extra cash they can put aside as “fun money”, separate from their usual salary. But another 13 percent are feeling a lack of security in their current day job, and want to have a backup in case the worst happens. And 44 percent also believe if they didn’t have this extra income on a regular basis, they would have issues paying their bills. More than one in ten (12 percent) have put their handy skills to use doing DIY for other people, and the same amount are even being paid for putting together flat-pack furniture. It also emerged four in ten respondents with a side hustle think their little earner could one day turn into their full-time occupation. But at present, the average take-home from a side hustle each month comes to just £289 – although four percent claim to earn more than £1,000. This comes from, on average, 10 hours and 39 minutes spent on these endeavours each month – just over two-and-a-half hours a week. And the financial tipping point a side hustle needs to reach, to realistically become a full-time monthly wage, was deemed to be £1,955. Online survey agency OnePoll.com’s spokesman added: “Sadly, for many, it seems a side hustle isn’t just something they do on the side anymore. “It’s something they need to keep up, in order to stay the pace of rapidly increasing costs of living, from energy to food costs. “When something becomes a job you need to do, rather than something you love, is when the magic can disappear – but if it’s what you have to do to keep a roof over your head, that’s what will happen.”