A twist is in store for Coronation Street's Faye Windass (played by Ellie Leach) as her ex Jackson Hodge (Joseph Evans) makes a surprise comeback to the cobbles. He is due to ask her whether she is ready to spend some time with their daughter - but is she? However, Jackson's character has been recast for the soap as he is now played by Joseph Evans. The star is taking over from Rhys Cadman who featured on the ITV serial drama between 2015 and 2017. Faye gave birth to Miley eight years ago but she was finding it difficult to come to terms with being a mother. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview After Miley's christening went wrong, Jackson's parents offered to raise the youngster. The young mother eventually agreed and Jackson's parents relocated to Canada with Miley. Years have passed and Faye undoubtedly thinks about Miley all the time, despite not seeing her for so long. However, Jackson is set to return to Weatherfield with Miley who will soon be approaching her teenage years.  ITV soap spoilers have revealed he's been reaching out to Faye in the hope of having a reunion, but she has been blanking his messages. This prompts Jackson to rock up at Sally Metcalfe's (Sally Dynevor) house to explain the situation. Sally later tells her partner Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) Faye has not replied to any of Jackson's texts as she doesn't want to see Miley. Will Sally or Tim get Faye to change her mind about a reunion in upcoming scenes? DON'T MISS....Coronation Street star shares reason Amy stays quiet after rape [UPDATE]EastEnders’ Michelle Collins hands free school meal plea to No10 [LATEST]Coronation Street fans slam dead characters haunting Stephen Reid  [INSIGHT] Faye has been through a difficult year having gone through early menopause at the tender age of 20. She was upset to learn she was unable to have any more children, having given birth to Miley when she was just 13. Coronation Street fans took to social media to comment on the emotional storyline. @Sendmylove shared: "Faye could regret her choice if she doesn't at least see Miley once.  "She could possibly take time away from Weatherfield to build that relationship back if she wants it?" Jodie said: "I hope Jackson and his family stay in Weatherfield and Faye dumps [Craig] so she can be a family with Jackson and Miley." @Corrieislife stated: "Miley comes back, Faye apologises and then she leaves Weathefield. She knows she can't have any kids with Criagey now so this is her only chance!" (sic) Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV at 8pm. 