Sophie, previously Countess of Wessex, accompanied her husband in Edinburgh yesterday as the couple greeted fans on the city’s Royal Mile. The visit took place just hours after the pair’s titles were announced. Although Sophie usually takes the lead while out in public with Edward, a body language expert claimed that it was the Duke who took the reins during yesterday’s engagement in Scotland. Body language expert Judi James told Express.co.uk that Prince Edward seemed confident, as if his title elevation had forced him to be slightly different to usual. She said: “Edward’s status signals do seem to have increased here, with his long dark tailored overcoat resembling a uniform greatcoat and his much more ‘in the spotlight’ body language behaviours as he greets the crowds, while Sophie looks on. “It is normally Sophie taking the lead on most of their public appearances but all eyes, including hers, are on the new Duke of Edinburgh here.” Although Edward has been given the title of his late father, Judi noted that the Prince imitated the body language of another royal during the Edinburgh visit. She said: “As he chats to the crowds he looks upright and rather formal, with one hand stuffed in his coat pocket and the other used for more dominant gesticulation like pointing, which is a favourite gesture of his brother the King.” Sophie, on the other hand, seemed to be in her husband’s shadow, and was a little shy. “Sophie’s body language suggests more reserve here and even some shyness or awkwardness,” Judi claimed. “She clasps her small bag with both hands and seems keen to diminish her own status rather than emphasise it.” DON'T MISS: Princess Mette-Marit of Norway pairs Zara coat with gold earrings [STYLE] Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh turns heads in favourite coat [ROYAL FAMILY] Meghan is 'effortless' in all black look in California [MEGHAN MARKLE] Judi went on to note another difference between Sophie and Edward - the Duchess is normally tactile while greeting members of the crowd, while Edward is not. However, yesterday, even Sophie held back more so than usual. The body language expert noted: “One integral problem that dominates their body language poses here is Edward’s tendency to avoid shaking hands or touching when he is working a crowd. “Sophie tends to be more tactile and personal, but she probably feels duty-bound to fall in with her husband’s preference here, hence the tight grip on the bag. READ MORE: Mum hits back at backlash after she said her son goes to bed at 4:30pm “It can make Edward look rather cold in an era where even higher-ranking royals tend to be more tactile and immersive.” For their first appearance as Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, Sophie donned one of her favourite winter coats - a cream number from Max Mara. The Duchess has worn the coats many times in the past, and perhaps chose to wear something she feels comfortable in for such a historic occasion. She combined this with a warm-looking grey scarf, and it seemed she was donning a long, blue skirt underneath her coat. Despite the cold weather, it seemed that Sophie was wearing nude tights and pointy, nude heels to match. Her accessories were gold - she donned gold earrings adorned with multicoloured gemstones and thin, gold bracelets around her wrist. The Duchess completed her outfit with a green clutch bag, which was envelope-shaped and featured a crocodile print. This was the Sophie Habsburg Cleo Clutch in Emerald, which is still available to buy on Sophie Habsburg’s website for £343.