iPhone users could soon have another thing to be smug about, as WhatsApp might be about to let users create disappearing group chats. That's according to WhatsApp experts at WABetaInfo. Currently, WhatsApp users on both iPhone and Android can send each other disappearing messages, which is a feature you can enable for more privacy. When you enable disappearing messages, you can set messages to disappear 24 hours, 7 days, or 90 days after the time they are sent. But now as part of a future update, WhatsApp will allow its users to create group chats that will expire after a set time, helping free up some storage space. In particular, this could help you clear up the clutter on your device, by deleting group chats that were meant to be active only for a short period, like a group project or a birthday party. When this feature is released, iOS users will be able to click and set the group chat to expire within one day, one week, or a custom date. Users will have also the ability to undo their decision and remove the expiration date on a group chat that was previously set in case they change their minds. READ MORE: Best O2, EE, Three and Vodafone deals as phone bills poised to go up It is important to note that setting the group to expire will be a personal choice, as the group will not be deleted for the rest of the members, However, those members will be later prompted to clean up their groups afterwards. It is so far not clear when the feature will be tested out on Apple devices. However, once it does, it is only a matter of time before Android users get to use the feature as well in subsequent updates. This comes as last month, WhatsApp revealed that it is adding some useful features that will make posting on the platform more interactive and a lot more private. For those not already aware, the WhatsApp Status function allows users to easily share updates with friends and family. These can include photos, videos, texts and GIFs with each update disappearing after 24 hours. Now, this WhatsApp function is getting some big improvements which include being able to limit the contacts who can see the posts and adding the ability to include voice messages. Users will also be able to react to Status updates via emojis and there's an easier way to see if someone has recently added something to their Status via Profile Rings. This ring will be present around the contact’s profile picture whenever a status update is shared.