Ronnie O’Sullivan defeated snooker starlet Stan Moody at the Six Reds World Championship, despite the teenager claiming he was out for ‘revenge’. O’Sullivan avoided a banana skin defeat by seeing off 16-year-old Moody 5-2, who more than gave a good account of himself. The teenager from Yorkshire is out competing with the sport’s big names after securing the WSF Junior Championship last month. This led to Moody making the trip to Thailand for this week’s Six Reds event in Pathum Thani. And things could not have got off to a tougher start, after being paired up to face arguably the greatest snooker player of all time in O’Sullivan. Heading into the clash, Moody revealed this was not the first time he had faced off with ‘The Rocket’ on the snooker table. The pair clashed during an exhibition event in Huddersfield when Moody was just 13. It was O’Sullivan who prevailed in West Yorkshire, and after being reduced to tears, young Moody was out to get one over on the seven-time world champion. Speaking to the Metro pre-match, he said: “I played him in an exhibition when I was 13. I got 60 in front and he cleared up with 61, so I’ll try and get some revenge. I was actually crying at the end of it, I know that sounds bad but I was so disappointed. “But I thought then, I’ll get him back one day.” It wasn't to be for Moody this time around, but there is little doubt the teenager will get a chance to once again take revenge on O’Sullivan during his career. Don't miss... O'Sullivan on where he wants to finish career after raising rule fear [LATEST] Ronnie O'Sullivan calls Welsh Open winner 'off-putting for opponents' [LATEST] Welsh Open champion Rob Milkins opens up on swinging at chairman [LATEST] Like many, the seven-time world champion was a hero to Moody, but with the 16-year-old now competing at the same level, this hero has since turned into an ‘enemy’. When asked if O’Sullivan was an idol of his, the teenager responded: “When I was younger, but now not so much. “Not in a disrespectful way but he’s just another player now. He’s the greatest ever, I’d love to be like him one day, but he’s my enemy now so I can’t view him like that." 