A source close to Olivia Wilde, 38, and Jason Sudeikis, 47, insisted that the pair "do not have any drama anymore", adding that they are both "very single" following the actress's split from Harry Styles. In November the actress split from the 29-year-old British singer. Harry and Olivia famously starred together in the movie Don't Worry Darling. The pair first crossed paths in September 2020 when Harry was cast as actress Florence Pugh's husband and replaced Shia LaBeouf in the film Don't Worry Darling. In September, Harry and Olivia made their only red carpet appearance together as they took their promotional tour for Don't Worry Darling to the Venice Film Festival. Olivia shares son Otis, eight, and daughter Daisy, six, with ex-fiancé Jason. READ MORE: Ken Bruce shuts down 'hidden agenda' after he's booted off Radio 2 Insiders now say that the former couple have overcome their differences and are in "constant communication" while successfully parenting their two kids. The two ignited speculation that they were headed for a recoupling in January when they were pictured hugging each other in Los Angeles. However the source noted that they are not currently in a romantic relationship and are instead focusing on "friendship". "Jason and Olivia are on very good terms and have become friends again," they said, revealing that improved relations between the pair have had a "very positive impact" on the co-parenting of their two children. The two amicable exes were locked into a bi-coastal custody battle - due in large part to the fact that Olivia lives in LA and Jason lives in New York City - with the actress being served with custody papers while on stage. The source told Mail Online: "Olivia and Jason have resolved any past issues and tension that was caused by their split. "They are in constant communication via phone calls and text messages and keep each other up to date on anything involving their kids, whether it be appointments, or their schooling." They added: "Most importantly, they are happy in their own lives. This has made it so much easier for them to be on the same page and treat each other with respect." Express.co.uk has contacted Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis's representatives for comment. Jason later apologised to Olivia by saying that he was "very, very sorry" and that he "deeply regretted" the manner in which she was served. His response detailed the reason for his contesting the children's previously agreed on custody arrangement. Olivia and Jason split in 2020, and the actress later met Harry at a party or Irving Azoff. At the time, production was beginning for Olivia's directorial debut film, Don't Worry Darling, which she also starred in. Meanwhile, the starlet was spotted looking effortlessly cool in a white furry jacket over a loose tank, tucked into a pair of black leather pants, while stepping out in Paris on Thursday evening. She rocked a pair of oversized black shades and a pair of sky-high heels, as the mother-of-two smiled on her way to a waiting car. Olivia swept her tresses up into a sleek bun.