King Charles is removing Harry and Meghan from their UK home in Frogmore Cottage and offering it to his younger brother,a royal insider has claimed. The monarch reportedly began the eviction process the day after the Duke of Sussex's bombshell book, Spare, came out in January. Prince Harry has made several revelations about the Royal Family in interviews and in his new book. The decision to remove the couple from Frogmore Cottage "surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan’s time in the UK", a royal insider told The Sun. It comes after the King was reported to be in the process of removing the disgraced Prince Andrew from his taxpayer-funded Royal Lodge in Buckingham Palace. The Duke of York will now allegedly live in Frogmore Cottage, where Harry and Meghan lived during their time in the UK after being gifted the Windsor residence by the late Queen. It would be a significant downgrade from his Grade II listed 30-room Windsor house, where he lives currently with his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson. But it is unclear whether Andrew has agreed to move into Frogmore Cottage with reports that he is “resisting”. The royal insider told the paper: "Andrew is resisting the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage after he was offered it last week. “But it shows Harry and Meghan are powerless to stop the eviction.” READ MORE: Crown Princess Mary dons Paisley coat with £4,200 gold ring Frogmore Cottage was previously five separate homes on the Windsor estate where staff lived - but it was converted into one residence in 2019. The renovation cost the taxpayer £2.4million ($2.8million) but Prince Harry has since paid this money back. Before Harry and Meghan moved to Frogmore Cottage, the couple lived in a different royal home - Nottingham Cottage. In their bombshell Netflix docuseries, Harry & Meghan, the couple joked about the house being too small. DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan branded 'dumb' in South Park parody [CLIP]Only one female royal is exempt from curtsying to others [ANALYSIS]King launches major shakeup as hundreds of patronages to be reassigned [REPORT] In one episode, the couple said the home "sounds like a palace" but claimed that it wasn't. Harry said: "As far as people were concerned, we were living in a palace.. and we were, in a cottage." Meghan said: "Kensington Palace sounds very regal, of course, it does. It says 'palace' in the name. But Nottingham Cottage was so small." Harry added: "The whole thing's on a slight lean, really low ceilings. I don't know who was there before, they must have been very short." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 