Scott Mitchell, 59, became a widower in 2020 when his wife Barbara Windsor died aged 83 after a long battle with Alzheimer's Disease. In a new interview, Scott has detailed what Barbara would have been up to if roles were reversed and what happened in their conversation about his life after she died. Scott spoke to Best magazine about the love of his life, with him being asked: "whether he is open to whatever happens next in life". He admitted: "Yes. Before she died, Barbara told me to cry, be broken-hearted, and then have the best time. "Knowing Barbara, she would have remarried a nice 25-year-old by now!" This is not the first time Scott has spoken publicly about his love for his late wife, having previously shared that he doesn't think he will ever find love again. READ MORE: Star Trek's William Shatner says 'I don't have long to live' Speaking to David Walliams last year about his book By Your Side: My Life Loving Barbara Windsor, Scott said: "On paper, [our romance] shouldn't have worked, but it did with us. "I am so thankful that she chose me to share her life with because I don’t think I will ever find another." He also said he felt "privileged" to be there with her until the end of her life. Scott added: "I was blessed to have crossed paths with Barbara." Many accused him of being a gold-digger for dating someone, 26 years his senior, with Scott shutting down these claims. Making an appearance last December on Good Morning Britain Scott revealed that he has called himself the "worst gold digger ever" due to Barabara actually being £1 million in debt when they first met. Scott, who began his relationship with the soap star when she was 63 and he was 27, said: "She had a million-pound debt when we met. "I must have been the worst gold digger in the world. Really got it wrong there didn't I? DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis bursts into tears after backlash over first Oscar win [OSCARS] Megan Fox puts on very busty display at Oscars after party [PICS] Kate Hudson forced to correct Oscars 2023 reporter [COMMENT] "They all thought who's this guy who's this unknown actor? They thought it was me who ended the marriage [her second]. They called me a gold digger." Following Barbara's death, Scott was reportedly left £4.6 million in her will, with the actress also donating to several charities. The iconic actress was married three times in her life, first to Ronnie Knight in 1964 then to Stephen Hollings for nine years before divorcing in 1995. Scott also used the GMB interview to reflect on Barbara's death saying: "It's incredible. It's two years tomorrow. I still think she's gonna walk through the door. "It's something deep inside me. I wake up some mornings thinking 'is she still okay'. "After 27 years I'm still in the early stages of grief and processing. I still think of the good times. That's a really good thing for me to go back to. "I lost my best friend. My other half. That's what I lost. That's why I still feel that sense now that she is still there with me. "Sometimes feeling the loneliness that she's not there any more." Read the full Scott Mitchell interview in the new issue of Best magazine, on sale now