"Internal war games" in the Royal Family stopped Princess Lilibet’s christening from being "celebrated by all family members", according to Lady Victoria Hervey. King Charles and Prince William reportedly turned down an invitation to attend the California christening of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's daughter. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  Insiders claim that Queen Camilla and Princess Kate were also invited to the ceremony in Montecito but did not attend. Lady Victoria said: "It's a shame an event which should be celebrated by all family members is so disjointed and happening on the other side of the world. "Call me traditional but I think a British Princess should really have been christened in England." But the 46-year-old said was “obvious” that this was never going to happen. The model added: "Obviously that didn’t happen because of the internal war games going on.”  Lady Victoria warned the Royal children will become aware of the family's fractured relationship as they grow up, adding: "It's the children that will feel it later". Last week, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had Lilibet christened at their Montecito home, and used the occasion to officially start calling their one-year-old daughter “Princess”. The christening took place on March 3, in the presence of both Doria Ragland and also Lili's godfather, Tyler Perry The couple has also now begun calling their son Archie “Prince”. This is the first time that either of their children has been referred to as “Prince” or “Princess” in an official capacity. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak secures more patrols to smash the migrant crossing gangs   The King was reportedly told about Harry and Meghan's intentions to use the titles before the announcement. Daily Mirror reports that the title of prince or princess passes down automatically to male-line grandchildren of the sovereign, meaning Archie and Lilibet inherited the titles following the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September. But they won’t use the titles of “Royal Highness” because Harry and Meghan relinquished these after announcing they were stepping back as senior members of the Royal Family. It is believed that Harry and Meghan will allow their children to decide for themselves whether they want to keep their titles when they grow up. The Royal Family’s official website was updated this morning to reflect their new titles, previously it referred to the sixth and seventh in line to the throne as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor.   Don't miss... Teacher has white kids bow to black classmates in ‘disgusting’ video [WATCH] New figures show UK post-Brexit economic resilience far outweighs EU's [ANALYSIS] Anti-Putin fury erupts in Georgia as protesters smash windows  [REPORT] It now names them Prince Archie of Sussex and Princess Lilibet of Sussex. Their use of the titles is in line with the 1917 Letters Patent issued by George V, which conferred the title of prince or princess on male-line grandchildren of the sovereign. And in a statement, Meghan and Harry defended their decision to adopt the titles of prince and princess for their children. They said: "The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. “This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace.” 