Former Spanish footballer Pelayo Novo has died at the age of 32 after being hit by a train on Tuesday. The ex-Real Oviedo and Albacete player passed away after the incident occurred on Tuesday evening on the Asturian train route between Oviedo and Siero in La Corredoria. Asturian emergency services received the call at 7.55pm and quickly took charge of the case, according to La Nueva Espana. It was there that they discovered Novo, who retired from football back in 2018, had been hit by a train and perished from his injuries. The authorities are continuing to investigate to discover how the incident occurred on the Renfe train service. La Liga champions Real Madrid were among several clubs to pay tribute to Novo after hearing of his death. The club posted a tweet which read: "Real Madrid C.F. deeply laments the passing of Pelayo Novo, the former @RealOviedo, @CordobaCF_ofi, @elchecf, @CDeportivoLugo, CFR 1907 Cluj and @AlbaceteBPSAD player, and wishes to express its condolences and affection to all of his family and loved ones. Rest in peace." His former club Real Oviedo also paid homage with a poignant message to Novo, who had been a member of the club's Foundation. "With a broken heart, we deeply regret the death of Pelayo Novo, captain of our Foundation," the club said. "Family, friends: we are with you. Rest in peace Pelayo." Novo played across several prominent Spanish clubs in his career including La Liga outfit Elche, Cordoba and Lugo, in addition to CFR Cluj in Romania. But it with his last club Albacete where he suffered serious injuries and multiple fractures after falling from the third floor at a team hotel before their game with Huesca. Novo was paralysed after the incident and left in a wheelchair, forcing him to call time on his career at the age of just 28 after spending nearly two months in hospital in Zaragoza and then Toledo as he began his recovery. He found a new way to stay engaged with sport, however, taking up wheelchair tennis and rose to 12th in the Spanish rankings. In an interview last year, Novo had spoken about how he had adapted to his new life and that he was still able to enjoy a number of activities such as going to the pool, wheelchair tennis and even surfing at the beach. "Every day I am in better spirits and moving forward and happy," he told AS. "If the injury was higher in the back, I would have lost more of my mobility, but I can do many things."