Rafael Nadal may have a tournament set for his return from injury despite admitting that he had a “breakdown” over his latest injury setback at the Australian Open. Speaking on Thursday, the Spaniard gave a bleak injury update as he admitted he didn’t have a return date in mind but former pro and Barcelona Open tournament director David Ferrer has hinted that the 12-time champion will be back at the ATP 500 event in April. Nadal suffered a setback at the very start of the season, getting injured during his second-round loss to Mackenzie McDonald at the Australian Open. The world No 8 has not played a match since and there have been doubts over when he will return after pulling out of this month’s Masters in Indian Wells and Miami. The 36-year-old also made an appearance at Real Madrid’s Copa del Rey semi-final first leg defeat to Barcelona on Thursday and made a heartbreaking admission when discussing his potential comeback. “I do not know yet. I had a major breakdown in Australia and I don't have a return date,” Nadal said. “It is taking me time and a lot of work to recover.” But the 22-time Grand Slam champion could have something of a comeback plan in the works despite his recent comments as Barcelona Open tournament director Ferrer hinted that Nadal would be back in action at the ATP 500 event next month. “Although we will give the official list on March 21, I can tell you that there will be many top 10 players and that this 70th edition will have one of the best tennis posters in the history of the tournament,” the former world No 3 said. JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev shares Wimbledon plea as Russians await ban verdict   Ferrer - a four-time finalist in Barcelona himself - also appeared to confirm that reigning champion Carlos Alcaraz would return to defend his crown, saying “the current champion and the youngest player in history to be No 1 in the world and win a Grand Slam” would be in action. Referencing Nadal, he said the 36-year-old was “the banner of the tournament and of the club and that always makes it easy for us to be there.” Nadal has already been seen practising on the clay at his Rafa Nadal Academy, hinting that he was hoping to be back in time for the clay swing which begins with the Monte Carlo Masters on April 8, with Barcelona kicking off a week later. But his participation will depend on whether he can recover from his leg injury in time - something he admitted was taking longer than expected. DON'T MISSRaducanu could be set for homecoming as Britain gets BJK Cup home tieAlcaraz offers fresh Indian Wells hope as tournament faces Nadal blowDaniil Medvedev kicks off Novak Djokovic mind-games ahead of clash “I am doing weekly check-ups,” Nadal also said at the Santiago Bernabeu. “We will have to see how I evolve, but I'm not here today, we'll see. I am recovering. I do as much work as I can every day to recover as well as possible. I go day by day. I don't know when I'll be back, when I'm fine. And then we will have to have a little patience. “I hurt my muscle, I tore a bit of my tendon in a very complicated place, the psoas, because in tennis we get strength from there. It is a slower evolution than we would like, but there is no choice but to be a little patient.” 