Kim Kardashian, 42, attended the 2022 Met Gala alongside all of her sisters - Kourtney, Khloe, Kendall and Kylie, marking the first time they were all there together. However, it has been reported that the famous Hollywood siblings may have not even "made the cut" for this year's guest list as Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna Wintour is "cracking down" on guests. Anna, the Vogue Editor-in-Chief, oversees the guest list for the annual fashion celebration which sees celebrities show off their breathtaking fashion choices. However, Anna has reportedly been "cracking down on the guests at the annual fashion fete and no Kardashians will make the cut" according to Page Six. Express.co.uk has contacted Vogue and Anna Wintour's representatives for comment but Vogue refused to comment when Page Six reached out. According to the aforementioned publication, a source close to the Kardashian-Jenner clan has said the claims are "not true". READ MORE: Martin Roberts tells BBC co-star 'I'm struggling' after tearful video Kim attended her first Met Gala in 2013 with her then-husband Kanye West while she was pregnant with their first child, North West. She wrote about the experience on Twitter in 2019: "I didn’t know anyone [and] I’m sure no one wanted me there. "I went home [and] cried out of insecurity." Since then, she has rocked a variety of fashion names including Givenchy, Lanvin, Roberto Cavalli, Balmain, Vivienne Westwood, Versace and Balenciaga. This is not forgetting her vintage Marilyn Monroe number last year, which saw her wear the dress the late Hollywood star wore in 1962. Her sisters Khloe and Kourtney attended the gala for the first time last year and it marked the first time the whole family was on the red carpet together. Kim boasted the "first design in 20 years" from the late fashion designer Thierry Mugler in 2019 when she arrived in the shimmering flesh-coloured dress that hugged her hourglass curves. She returned in 2021 after the coronavirus pandemic in an all-black Balenciaga bodysuit with a long train and a black mask that covered her entire head. Kim regularly takes to Instagram to show off her enviably toned figure and defined abs. DON'T MISS... Iconic astrologer Mystic Meg has died following a short illness [DEATH] A-list Oscars crowd slammed for 'scripted' response to Will Smith slap [OPINION] Bruce Willis' wife chokes up as she talks his 'horrific' health battle [HOLLYWOOD] However, more recently, her joint TikTok account with her eldest child, North, has been sending the world crazy with the mother-and-daughter duo's funny dynamic. Kim and North launched their TikTok account in November 2021. The social media influencer dished on the strict rules she has in place for the account during an appearance on Gwyneth Paltrow's GOOP podcast late last year. The SKIMS founder revealed that her ex-husband Kanye was involved in setting some of the boundaries, although he has since admitted he is still not happy with its use. She said: "However, I have made a rule with their dad about it — he's not happy about that. I respect that. "It's not something where she can scroll and look at things. We don't make comments." For one, Kim stated that the TikTok app can "only be on my phone" to prevent North from potentially coming across any inappropriate or harmful posts. North is also not allowed on Instagram after having it for just one week several years ago.