More than 30 percent of drivers who have dealt with poor reliability from a vehicle brand in the past would not purchase a new car from that manufacturer again. The new research shows the importance of reliability for many motorists, holding it to a higher standard than other factors. With the ongoing cost of living crisis, drivers want their vehicles to be as reliable, efficient and worth the money, especially when buying such a big ticket item. More than 1,000 in-market buyers were asked about their perceptions on vehicle reliability and previous experiences with cars they have owned. As part of the research, What Car? also looked at whether buyers believe electric vehicles are generally more reliable than petrol or diesel models. Though electric vehicles typically feature fewer moving components, just 12.8 percent of the 1,022 respondents believed them to be more reliable. READ MORE: Elderly motorists offered course to brush up on driving laws More than four in 10 said they believe petrol and diesel cars have a better reliability record. The remaining 45 percent were undecided between the two, with EV experts suggesting that more education is needed to get more people to switch. A closer look at the figures shows that of the 137 in-market buyers set to buy an EV as their next car, 50.4 percent believe EVs to be more reliable than petrol and diesel models, with 40.2 percent unsure. Of the 510 buyers opting for a petrol or diesel car, more than 60 percent believe internal-engined vehicles are more reliable than EVs. DON'T MISSE10 petrol 'causes vehicles to run terribly' as many return to E5 [SHOCKING]All drivers could face new 'tyre tax' in bid to slash emissions [WARNING]'Use VED to push car buyers' towards electric cars [INSIGHT] Steve Huntingford, editor, What Car?, said: "This data highlights once again just how important a reputation for reliability is for manufacturers - and why our annual Reliability Survey is so important in keeping Britain's car buyers up to date on the latest issues being faced by car makers. "It also shows that the advantages of EVs having far fewer moving parts, and therefore less things to go potentially wrong, remains an important message that the industry needs to get out there if it wants to continue to grow consideration among would-be buyers." The research also looked at if buyers perceive brands that belong to the same manufacturing group, such as Stellantis or Volkswagen Group, to have similar reliability records to their sister brands. Of the 1,022 buyers surveyed, 41.4 percent believe brands in a manufacturing group typically have the same reliability record. READ MORE: Calls for Low Traffic Neighbourhoods and cycle lanes to be scrapped Alongside this, 22.2 percent believe brands in the same group have very different reliabilities, while the rest (36.4 percent) were unsure. The What Car? Reliability Survey asks people to give details about when their car was purchased, the average mileage and their typical driving habits. A recent survey from Honest John found that Lexus was named as the most satisfying and reliable car brand of the year. The Satisfaction Index polled 6,000 people, with the Lexus NX being voted the most reliable car with a near-perfect score. Other brands including Dacia, Tesla, Porsche and Jaguar rounded out the top five for owner satisfaction. The latest version of the Hyundai Tucson is the UK’s best car for owner satisfaction in this year’s index, with a model average of 96.64 percent. Available as a hybrid, plug-in hybrid or pure electric car, it was praised for its performance, ease to drive, and reliability. Worst for owner satisfaction was the Mercedes-Benz GLC Class (2015-2022 model), singled out for its high repair costs and poor fuel economy, receiving an overall rating of 80.98 percent. It was followed by the Toyota RAV4 (2013-2019 model) in second place with 85.07 percent and the Ford Fiesta (2013-2017 model) with 85.62 percent.