Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been warned they are "loathed" by Americans who have become fed up with the couple's public feuding with the Royal Family. US talk show host Megyn Kelly said Harry and Meghan were "below water" stateside after the release of the Duke's autobiography Spare and a Netflix documentary about the couple's time in the UK. A guest on her show also said Americans were "absolutely sick" of hearing about the Sussexes. The podcast host Emily Jashinsky told Megyn Kelly: "I think interest in them is really waning. There is a lot of interest, obviously, in people who are willing to criticise them." The pundit added: "People are actually like 'what are you talking about?' You're insulting this country, you're insulting decent human beings and you're trying to make money and profit off of all of it." She later said: "I think people are absolutely sick of it to the extent that I actually don't know how much longer they'll really be able to monetise this at the scale that they were originally, because I don't think there's much interest or an appetite for lionising them." Kelly then jumped into the debate. She said: "They're loathed now. They lost all their approval. "They were above water before their Netflix special and the book Spare. And now they're below water, both of them. "They're the least popular royals. They've overtaken Prince Andrew as the least popular royals, and that took some doing." Megyn Kelly's latest knock to the Sussexes came as polls showed the pair's popularity ratings falling off a cliff on both sides of the Atlantic. A Newsweek poll with Redfield & Wilton in late February found the pair's popularity had sunk to new lows. Prince Harry was found to have a -10 approval rating with 32 percent of Americans liking him and 42 percent disliking him. The Duchess of Sussex's approval rating was even worse at -17, with just 27 percent of Americans saying they liked her. Don't miss... Archie saved a dance for his little sister at Lilibet’s christening  [INSIGHT] Kate and William's 'last moment' with Archie was 'tense' - claims [LATEST] Tyler Perry 'didn't want' to travel to UK for Lilibet's christening [SPOTLIGHT] The Sussexes fared far better in previous polls - but now find themselves ranking below Prince Andrew in the states. Popular US comedians have also been making Harry and Meghan the butt of viral gags. In his Netflix special, Chris Rock accused Meghan Markle of "acting all dumb" about supposed racism in the Royal Family. He joked: "I'm like, 'What the f**k is she talking about? They're so racist, they wanted to know how brown the baby was going to be.' "I'm like, 'That's not racist,' cause even black people want to know how brown the baby gonna be. S**t. We check behind the ears." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews