When Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital completed their world-record £4.25billion takeover of Chelsea in May 2022, it was seen as a momentous occasion for a club that had been left on the brink of financial ruin. The sanctions placed against Roman Abramovich by the UK government nearly put the Blues out of business and after three months of uncertainty, Boehly's consortium proved to be the saviour with a number of promises laid out in his ambitious plans. The American was a fairly obscure figure in the UK but not the United States, where the LA Dodgers co-owner was renowned for his wealth with Eldridge Industries. His background in sport meant there was some hope the 48-year-old knew how to run a club and his instalment as co-chairman with Behdad Eghbali showed a certain level of confidence. Upon his arrival, Boehly laid out his vision, which included a mammoth £1.75bn investment to strengthen facilities, fund a new stadium and overhaul the playing squad. Unlike the Glazers at Manchester United, the money would be ploughed into the club and Boehly promised to be wholly involved, with changes at the hierarchy also immediately after the takeover was completed. But just how much of his objectives has the billionaire achieved so far - and how have Chelsea fared under his management? Express Sport analyse whether the four main promises he made during his first statement have become a reality in the 10 months since. So, has Boehly... Been "...all in - 100% - every minute of every match"? Yes. Whatever your views are on Boehly's suitability as the man to take Chelsea forward, no one can question his commitment to the project. The monetary aspect alone has been astounding, with Chelsea spending upwards of £600million on their squad and to appoint Graham Potter. He made himself interim sporting director and spent what felt like every hour of every day in the summer trying to sign players. Boehly and his associate Eghbali flew their private jet to Turkey for talks with Shakhtar Donetsk and spent all of transfer deadline day working in Lisbon to get Enzo Fernandez's record transfer over the line. And as an owner, it is important that the fans see them at games. Sure enough, Boehly has turned up at Stamford Bridge on multiple occasions, and even made the trip to Germany to watch the last-16 Champions League defeat to Borussia Dortmund. Made "the fans proud"? No. And that will be the frustrating thing for Boehly. Some Chelsea supporters are very much stubbornly refusing to move on from their past success under Roman Abramovich and Thomas Tuchel, singing both men's names at matches this season in protest against the regime. That does not apply to every Blues fan, but it points to some division in the fanbase. Boehly's biggest gamble yet was to sack the popular Champions League-winning coach Tuchel in favour of hiring Graham Potter, who admittedly did well at Brighton but is struggling badly at Stamford Bridge with two wins from his last 16 games. His blind faith in the 47-year-old has left fans angry and confused in equal measure. As far as the supporters are concerned, Boehly's knee-jerk decisions have cost the club one of the world's top coaches - and it is a long back from here to get them on side. Been committed to "developing the youth squad"? Yes and no. Chelsea have invested well over £60m in recruiting players under the age of 21 for the future to match the 2030 vision set out by Neil Bath, the club's head of development. There have been some success stories already, with Lewis Hall making his Premier League and enjoying a run in the side under Potter with 10 appearances in total. Carney Chukwuemeka, a £20m recruit from Aston Villa, is another teenager who has been involved and Omari Hutchinson made a brief foray into the senior setup. But over last six weeks they have taken a back seat as Potter has been able to spend big on eight new signings to add to his squad, consigning Hall back down to the Under-23s and Chukwuemeka to the fringes of the senior squad. The club splashed out £16m on Andrey Santos, but a plan for him to get a work permit failed and now he is set to head back on loan to his former club Gremio. "...and acquiring the best talent"? Yes. There is been a clear effort to recruit not only the best players available but also, the best talent for the next five years and beyond. Enzo Fernandez was voted the Best Young Player at the World Cup after helping Argentina triumph in Qatar. Mykhaylo Mudryk was wanted by Arsenal and had been rated in the same category as Kylian Mbappe, which some might question. And in Benoit Badiashile and Wesley Fofana, they have two long-term successors for Thiago Silva. All three have world-class potential, while Joao Felix has shown glimpses of his obvious ability and could prove to be an important player. Boehly has recruited the best talent spotters to help unearth the most promising talent and his £323m spend in January alone - on plaers all under the age of 24 - underlines that focus.