PSG President Nasser Al-Khelaifi failed as a professional tennis player before he embarked on his journey into the world of business and football ownership. He achieved a career-high ranking of world No 995 in 2002 and represented Qatar in the early stages of the Davis Cup. But the sport was an important step on his way to power as it allowed him to form a close friendship with the now Emir of Qatar Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani. Details surrounding Al-Khelaifi’s tennis career are somewhat limited given the lack of focus on Middle Eastern sport at the time. However, it is clear he struggled in his quest to make it as a professional. The International Tennis Federation website records he won 12 and lost 39 of his singles matches. His highest-level appearance saw him take one game off Thomas Muster, a former French Open champion and then world No 2, during a straight-sets defeat at the ATP event in St Poelten, Austria in May 1996. He reached a career-high ranking of 995 after appearing in an ATP event in Doha before retiring shortly after. He also participated in doubles competitions. However, it was the Davis Cup that he will perhaps look back on most fondly. Al-Khelaifi is the second most successful member of the Qatar Davis Cup team after Sultan Khalfan Al-Alawi. But it was through this that he met Tamim bin Hamad al-Thani, the Emir of Qatar - something that changed the course of his life. READ MORE: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans The pair were teammates in the Davis Cup squads and, as a result, they were able to form a close friendship. “I'm six years older than him and we first met when the crown prince was eight,” Al-Khelaifi has said when asked about the Emir. “We met through tennis, we used to play together. I have a good relationship with him.” Al-Khelaifi became President of the Qatar Tennis Federation in 2008 - a role which helped him gain the experience he needed to enter the world of sports management. Don't miss... Schwartzman suffers 'unbearable' abuse as security protection issued [LATEST] Ukrainian tennis player teams up with Russian and slams Wimbledon ban [COMMENT] Daniil Medvedev reignites Stefanos Tsitsipas feud with shady comments [ANALYSIS] Sheikh Tamin formed the Qatar Sports Investment Group (QSI) with Al-Khelaifi taking on the role of the group’s president. He took up the job of President at PSG too when the QSI completed their takeover of the club in 2012 and is the face of the club worldwide. He is also chairman of broadcaster BeIN Sports and holds a ministerial position within the Qatar government. Al-Khelaifi’s tennis career may not have gone as he hoped, but it is unlikely that he will dwell upon it too much given the positions of power he has now held throughout his life.