Chelsea may look to sign Joao Felix on a permanent basis at the end of the season, with the star having impressed in a short period following his loan move from Atletico Madrid in January. Todd Boehly and co paid a hefty fee to bring the Portuguese forward to Stamford Bridge, beating the likes of Manchester United and Arsenal, but there is no option in the deal to make the move permanent in the summer. The Blues would need to negotiate once again with Diego Simeone’s outfit if they do wish to sign Felix, though landing him on a permanent deal could prove difficult. Atletico were adamant they were not going to sell the 24-year-old in January and would only sanction a loan despite his fractured relationship with Simeone. That was unless a mammoth offer came in that came close to the £113million fee the La Liga side paid to Benfica to sign him in 2019. Whether Atletico would be open to a summer sale remains to be seen, but former Chelsea defender Glen Johnson has advised against a permanent transfer as Felix is a “luxury player” that may not fit the current team under boss Graham Potter and a system change may be necessary in order to make a transfer for Felix worthwhile. “He’s a player that’s technically very good and has a good football brain, however, I just believe that Chelsea have bigger issues at the moment in terms of laying their foundation and finding the spine of their team,” Johnson told Betfred. JUST IN Chelsea tipped to snub Raphael Veiga due to 'other priorities' [TRANSFERS] “Joao Felix is a luxury player that comes into a team as the final piece of the puzzle and that’s when you’d see him at his best. He needs to be playing in a good team that has the ball for the majority of the time during a game, and that isn’t Chelsea at the moment. “He’s a great player and they should look to sign him permanently, but they shouldn’t if they have to break the bank for him because they’ve got bigger fires to put out currently.” Don't miss... Chelsea chief Boehly gets one over on Newcastle with 'Whisper' deal [REACTION] Chelsea chief Todd Boehly set to use old tactic to seal Osimhen deal [TRANSFERS] BBC crisis hits Sunday shows as Chelsea vs Man Utd and MOTD2 impacted [LATEST] Chelsea have not yet indicated whether they will try to sign Felix on a permanent basis, despite his impressive link-up with Kai Havertz, though the Portugal star’s Atletico team-mates appear to believe that he will be returning to Spain next season following the expiry of his loan deal. Both Felix and Matheus Cunha left for Chelsea and Wolves respectively this winter, as Atletico captain Koke gave his view on the two departures and hinted at Felix’s return to the club. "They were important players within the team,” Koke told Mundo Deportivo. "They made the decision to leave. Joao transferred and Cunha transferred. They are decisions of each one. Totally respectable. Joao is picking up the rhythm of the games, he is gaining confidence for the coming season to come back here.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE. 