A passenger has died on a Jet2 flight to Glasgow from Turkey - forcing the pilot to make an emergency landing. The alarm was raised after the 44-year-old man "didn't wake up" on the flight from Antalya. Cabin crew reportedly performed CPR on the man for 40 minutes but sadly he could not be revived. The pilot declared a mid-air emergency near Glasgow Airport at around 6.40pm on Tuesday evening and the plane was forced to make a priority landing a short time later. An eyewitness told the Daily Record, the man, who was thought to have been travelling on his own, had been pulled into the aisle by cabin crew so they could give him mouth-to-mouth. They said: "We were around 40 minutes away from landing and the next minute all the cabin crew start running toward the seats behind me.   The witness added: "The pilot came to inform us we were going to have to do an emergency landing due to a medical incident on-board. "We had to land with all our cabin lights on and it was quite scary because you know that is quite dangerous." They added that the cabin crew continued to try and resuscitate the man as the plane landed. Paramedics boarded the aircraft when it landed and were still on board for about half an hour before any passengers were let off. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak secures more patrols to smash the migrant crossing gangs    The witness added: "People were crying and really shaken up by it, it was really sad. "Everyone on the plane was really upset but the staff at Jet2 were so professional and respectful during the incident." A Police Scotland spokesperson said: “We were made aware around 7.20pm on Tuesday, 7 March of a 44-year-old man taking unwell on board a flight which had arrived at Glasgow Airport. “The man was pronounced dead a short time later. A report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.”  Don't miss... Teacher has white kids bow to black classmates in ‘disgusting’ video [WATCH] JK Rowling says 14 is too young for gender choice after her own doubts [REPORT] Anti-Putin fury erupts in Georgia as protesters smash windows  [PICTURED] A Jet2 spokesperson said: "We can confirm that Flight LS110 from Antalya to Glasgow requested a priority landing on Tuesday evening, due to an unresponsive customer onboard. "Our thoughts are with the customer’s family and friends at this very difficult time.” 