Thomas Partey has shown why Arsenal are ready to become Premier League champions. The midfielder's composure in the middle of the park is instrumental to Mikel Arteta's success this season. Arsenal again opened up a five-point lead over Manchester City at the top of the table on Sunday. The Gunners eased past Fulham with a 3-0 win at Craven Cottage thanks to a dominant first-half display. Leandro Trossard was named player of the match after assisting all three goals. But Partey easily could have been given the award after another commanding display. One moment, in particular, highlighted the coolness of the Ghana international. Towards the end of the game, he was under pressure from two Fulham players.  Read more... Lineker set for Match of the Day verdict as BBC call 'urgent talks' [LATEST] Dan James and Bobby Decordova-Reid attempted to win the ball back just inside the Fulham half, with Partey facing towards his own goal. The hosts would have been in a good position to push for a goal back on the counter if Partey had lost the ball. But he showed a moment of magic by pulling off a sublime Cruyff turn in-between his two opponents. The Arsenal fans could be heard purring in the background as Partey glided away and laid the ball off to a team-mate. Arsenal may have been leading 3-0 at the time and easing to victory. But it is not the first time Partey has showcased his composure and quality this season. His influence this term is greater than ever. He has played in 22 of Arsenal's 27 league matches and is on course to surpass his appearance tally from his first two campaigns at the club.  Don't miss... Casemiro lets Man Utd down as Ten Hag gamble fails in Southampton draw [COMMENT] Casemiro to be handed long suspension in major blow for Man Utd [NEWS] Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag hits out at VAR over penalty claim [QUOTES] Supporters will be hoping he is over the injury problems that restricted his time on the field following his arrival from Atletico Madrid in 2020. Arsenal have lost just three games in the Premier League this season. Partey was missing for two of those, the defeats against Manchester United and title rivals Manchester City. He had also been substituted at 0-0 before Arsenal eventually lost 1-0 at Everton in Sean Dyche's first game in charge. Partey is a player who makes those around him look better. Granit Xhaka is having by far his best season in an Arsenal shirt, while Martin Odegaard is consistently performing at a world-class level. Arsenal are certainly showing the ingredients to become champions and now must hold their nerve with 11 games of the season remaining.  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE