A British pensioner who was pulled into the sea by a forceful current off the coast of Bali was swept away to his death. Seven foreign nationals were caught up in a vicious undertow at the Pererenan Beach in the Badung Regency on Wednesday. The 83-year-old Briton was the only one to die after being caught up in the waves while sunbathing at one of Bali's most popular spots. Lifeguards saved the other six. According to local reports, lifeguards had warned holiday goers of the potential risks and urged them to move before being pulled into the sea. It was at around 4pm local time when the strong current pulled them into the ocean. Three permanent ocean currents across the Pererenan beach pose a severe danger to beachgoers, although Bali remains a popular tourist destination. One witness at the scene told local outlet Fajar Bali: "The lifeguard officer had sounded a warning whistle to the seven victims while bathing near a permanent current, but they were ignored, so they were quickly dragged away by the current separately." One group of four beachgoers was dragged into the ocean from the southern side of the beach, while two were swept away from further up the coast. Finally, one was pulled into the sea from the northern side. Pererenan beach lifeguards were on duty and acted quickly to try and save the group of foreign nationals. READ MORE: Tragedy as British teen, 19, dies in Portugal riptide [REVEAL] The 83-year-old received first aid, while the on-duty lifeguards performed cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) on him. All seven were brought back to shore - but the pensioner was in critical condition. He was rushed to Mengwi II Health Center in Tumbakbayuh Village for emergency medical assistance, but could not be saved. The police chief said: "Of the seven victims, one person was declared dead ... a British citizen." He added: "The victim was taken to the Mengwi II Tumbakbayuh Health Center to receive medical assistance. Then the victim was referred to the Mangusada Badung Hospital and declared dead"  Don't miss... British woman collapses and dies on beach after swim in Sicilian sea  [REVEAL] Tributes to boy, 14, who died in Portugal holiday tragedy [INSIGHT] British tourist found dead by his wife on plane from UK to Cyprus [ANALYSIS]