The 44-year-old was pronounced dead shortly after being found unresponsive at her friends’ home in San Diego on Sunday. Her cause of death is yet unknown and San Diego PD is reportedly currently investigating the tragic incident. She was most well-known for the 2011 reality series The X Life, which followed her home with her former boyfriend, professional skateboarder Pierre-Luc Gagnon. Susie Stenberg, a friend and former The X Life costar, told TMZ that the actress was "homeless and living in her car" and described her as “the most loving and loyal person”. She also claimed the star reached out to her the night before she died saying she loved her. Denise and Pierre-Luc were one of three couples starring in the reality show following the home lives of extreme sports athletes.  The pair welcomed a son together, Leo Wolf, but broke up following the show. In the decade since her appearance on reality TV, Denise underwent a drastic makeover, garnering countless tattoos. She had been enrolled in the ongoing competition to earn the esteemed title of Inked Cover Girl 2023, placing 6th out of almost 50 contestants. The reality star had been heavily campaigning from the New Year on Instagram, showing off her various inkings including a statement scorpion chest tattoo. In an interview with the magazine, Denise gushed over her now eight-year-old son, adding “boys rule”. She shared: “He’s the light of my life! “We wrestle, I do my Russian wrestler accent and body slam little mouse on bed! “Leo made life better and being his momma is a gift!” Don't miss... Gene Hackman in very rare outing as he's seen for first time in years [LATEST] Alex Beresford warns of public 'meddling' in Royal Family affairs [LATEST] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] The star revealed that she had been “through a gruelling custody battle” and hoped winning the competition's $25,000 prize would help her reunite with her “lion wolf”. She shared: “I would use the money to build a foundation to reconnect with my son. “I went through a gruelling custody battle and I am still recovering. “The money would help bring the stability in life to reunite us.”   After news of her death broke, fans flocked to her last Instagram post, shared last Thursday, to pay tribute. Ejbunnypuffins wrote: “My angel. I’m sorry for all your pain, be at peace now. “I’ll always keep my eye and heart on The little Lion.” referring to her son Leo. Fivejedis added with a broken heart emoji: “I can't believe you are gone.”