Princess Charlene attended a luncheon with the theme "Women and Sport", along with the Minister of State of Monaco, Pierre Dartout. This was to commemorate International Women's Day which took place on Wednesday. For the luncheon, Charlene opted for a brand new Akris "Nadine" double-breasted wool lurex jacket in the colour "dusty blue". This dusty blue double-breasted jacket with peak lapels, four buttons and two side pockets, retails at £2,929 (€3,290). Unfortunately, this particular colourway for the jacket is no longer in stock, but royal fans can still purchase a purple jacket in the colour "Marsala". The online description for the jacket reads: "The sharply tailored Nadine jacket is offered this season in a gorgeous wool lurex. READ MORE: Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims "Designed with a peak lapel and double-breasted button detail, this long jacket and the matching Farida pant creates the perfect modern tuxedo." Charlene opted for the Akris "Carla" wool double-face trousers, again in the colour "dusty blue" which are also sold out online. Royal fans can purchase the navy version for £658 (€740). The online description for the trousers reads: "These Akris CARLA trousers are crafted in wool double-face. Don't miss... Kate is the 'perfect role model' during 'controversy from the US' [LATEST] Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims [BODY LANGUAGE] Kate and William have numerous security gates at Adelaide Cottage [PROPERTY] "They feature an elegantly shaped waistband, hidden side zip, and straight leg for a timeless look. No pockets." Despite buying a brand new suit, Princess Charlene dipped into her wardrobe for a pair of shoes she's owned since 2014. Charlene's Christian Dior heels are glazed leather and kidskin in black. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims  The online description for shoes reads: "The established brand that speaks luxury in a classy style, introduces another ravishing piece. "This Dior pair is crafted with glazed leather and features a black kidskin toe cap and heel. "These pumps give a look that fits any event, providing you with the best of both worlds. "These pointed-toe pumps have a height of 9.5cm and look extremely elegant in black." Royal fan @ellainthecityboston wrote on Instagram: "Charlene looks very chic. The cut and colour of the suit flatter her." However, @birdnerd327 said: "The pale colour washes her out. Trousers need to be hemmed and I think a single-breasted blazer would be more flattering on her." Royal watcher @rose_mcguire91 felt divided about Charlene's outfit, adding: "Love the suit, hate the black shoes. Nude pumps would have been better." But Instagram user @hauptmannchristine loved the outfit saying: "I like this colour a lot."