Three lifeboats have been launched to reports of a fire on board a ferry in the Channel. There are 183 people on board the Isle of Innisfree which is currently in the middle of the English Channel. Irish Ferries says the fire started in the engine room of the ferry. According to data from the Marine Traffic website, the ferry set off from Dover at 5.04pm and was expected to arrive in Calais at 7pm. When the fire broke out passengers on the ferry gathered at muster points. The BBC reported that evacuating the passengers would have been a last resort. Thankfully this has not been necessary.  READ MORE: Officials 'seize confidential papers' from Sue Gray's home  An Irish Ferries spokesperson said: "The crew were alerted to a small fire in the ship’s engine room while the ship was sailing from Dover to Calais. "Irish Ferries crews train regularly to deal with incidents at sea, and the company has put its training into action and the fire has been extinguished. "The ship is carrying 94 passengers and 89 crew and all are safe and accounted for. "The Coastguard has been informed and is ready to provide assistance if required. The vessel is currently safely at anchor while the incident is being dealt with." DON'T MISSWoman who waved 77-year-old cyclist into fatal crash jailed [REPORT]Panicked teachers set off fire alarms as school riot breaks  [PICTURED]Isabel Oakeshott—The scandal hunter behind some of biggest UK stories [EXPLAINER]   They added: "Passengers booked on the 19.25 Calais-Dover sailing will be transferred to alternative sailings. "Irish Ferries would like to sincerely apologise to all its passengers for the disruption to their journeys." The live tracking details show it in the middle of the English Channel with a French tugboat called Abeille Normandie next to it. A Coastguard spokesperson said: "All passengers and crew are accounted for and no injuries have been reported."   They added: "RNLI lifeboats from Dungeness, Dover and Ramsgate have been sent along with the a French tug. The incident is ongoing." The Isle of Innisfree was built in 1992 by the Boelwerf shipyard in Belgium and can carry 1,140 passengers. It is 27m wide and 163m long and can hold up to 600 cars, depending on how many freight vehicles are on board.  