Two women who served with the armed forces in the Second World War have been celebrated as inspiring role models for women today. Marie Scott, 96, and Mildred Schutz, 99, were guests of honour at an event organised by the Taxi Charity for Military Veterans.  While Marie transmitted messages to and from French beaches during the D-Day landings in June 1944, Mildred served with the Special Operations Executive in Italy. Asked about how opportunities for women have changed, Marie said: “Glass ceilings have been cracked. “Women can do anything if they wish if they’re trained. We’re not competing with men, we’re partners.” Asked whether she felt like an inspiration, Mildred said: “I don’t think so, not with being this age – you’re just a couple of old dears.” But the women’s incredible bravery shone through as they described some frightening situations they encountered during the war. Recalling working on D-Day itself, Marie, of New Malden, south-west London, said: “In my ears, I was in a war. My contacts [at] the other end of the [radio] set were the troops landing on the beaches.  “The sounds were terrifying – loud cannons, machine-gun fire, bombs dropping, men screaming orders, men screaming from pain. It was chaos.” Mildred, of Worcester Park, southwest London, was posted to a “very scruffy fishing village” in Italy where she lived in constant fear. She explained: “The Germans had announced all our backgrounds, so we knew if we got caught that was the end of you.” Marie and Mildred also shared their thoughts on gender equality in a Q&A session and were presented with a posy of flowers.  Among those joining them at the Royal Air Force Club in central London were serving personnel from HMS Diamond, The King’s Troop and The Household Cavalry. Ahead of International Women’s Day, Taxi Charity vice president Frances Luczyc Wyhowska called the two brilliant women “living history”. The charity, which arranges free trips for veterans from all conflicts to the Netherlands and France, marks its 75th anniversary this year. 