A huge 15 foot shark lunged at two paddleboarders, biting one of their paddles in two. The animal was so large that the two swimmers first thought it might be a small whale. Patrick Wardle and Megan Valentine were on an inflatable paddleboard enjoying the ocean around a mile away from the shore of Kihei, Hawaii when the behemoth struck. Wardle said the pair were "just floating, enjoying the best of what Maui has to offer, and all of a sudden, saw this large shape approaching". "I thought [it was a]giant manta ray, baby whale," Valentine added. "Obviously, as it got closer, it became very clear that it was this massive shark." Wardle tried to ward off the shark with a paddle, pushing it against the shark's nose. However, the shark was undeterred and pushed the paddleboard forward before snapping at the oar.  "[The shark] lunged out of the water and took about two feet of the paddle in its mouth, chopped down, snapped it in half, and this is a carbon fibre brand new paddleboard paddle," said Wardle. Valentine added that the "terrifying" experience didn't end there and that the shark came at the swimmers again. Wardle continued: "This 15-foot shark chomped on the back of the paddleboard, kind of shaking it, I remember its eye just looking at me and kind of just like okay, this is game time." With a shattered oar and a deflating board, the friends paddled with their arms for 45 minutes to reach the shore about a mile away. READ MORE: Chris Rock slams Meghan Markle's race claim about the Royal Family They made it back to the beach safely and have been back out on the water since the incident, albeit with a new found respect for the sharks which call the waters around Hawaii home. "I don't want this story to scare people, [but it's] definitely something to be aware of. [We are] always guests in the ocean, but it’s such a just extraordinary place, and even that experience with a shark, there was something so beautiful about it," said Valentine. "Like it’s this magnificent creature and like totally terrifying, but I respect it." The pair believe the beast was a huge Tiger Shark, a species known to attack humans. The animal gets its name from the Tiger-like stripes on the shark's body which fade as the animals mature.  Don't miss... Meghan’s friend seen 'laughing' backstage at brutal Chris Rock show [ANALYSIS] Woman found dead and tied up in abandoned detention centre [INSIGHT] Trans athletes allowed to compete in women's powerlifting division  [REPORT] The waters off Kihei have seen other close encounters with the animals. In 2019, a 57-year-old man was knocked off his paddleboard their by a shark before escaping onto another man's board. The pair then swam to shore while the animal chased them. In 2018, a 25-year-old was also knocked off his board before being attacked by the shark. He was airlifted to hospital due to the bites but eventually recovered. Tiger sharks, unlike Great Whites, have been known to linger after biting humans. They are known to eat a wide variety of prey and even have been known to ingest rubbish. The huge animals can reach lengths of around 18 feet while weighing up to 2000 pounds. Although Tiger sharks are known to be responsible for a number of fatal shark bite incidents, attacks are still relatively rare. Typically, three to four shark bites occur each year in Hawaii. 