Helen George, who famously plays nurse Trixie Franklin in Call the Midwife, has revealed the cast has talked about bringing back former characters when the BBC series reaches its conclusion. While the ending is in sight, fans have two seasons to go before the final ever instalement airs. It was announced last year the series, written by Heidi Thomas, will be renewed for a final two seasons which will keep the show on air until at least 2026. The popular drama follows the lives of midwives in Poplar during the 1960s. There have been some heartbreaking character exits over the years which have not been forgotten by Helen and her colleagues. The actress' charcter tied the knot with Matthew Aylward (played by Olly Rix) at the end of season 12 and viewers hope they will return for the next series. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview Helen, 38, said her vision for the conclusion of the show would see as many former characters as possible to come back for a heartwarming send-off. "We've talked about that," the mother-of-two told RadioTimes. "Wouldn't it be nice? Like at the end of Titanic, all the characters come and it's just beautiful. "It would have been amazing to have everybody."  She teased: "Look, you'll have to wait and see. But it'll be nice at some point – maybe at the end of the very, very last series – to get some of the old faces back, for sure." Helen had a break from series 11 of Call the Midwife as she went on maternity leave but fans were thrilled when she returned to the show. Her love story with Matthew blossomed during series 12 and her wedding was as glamorous as everyone had hoped for. Nurse Lucille Anderson (Leonie Elliot) was the latest character to leave the show. DON'T MISS...Call The Midwife star addresses Lucille exit as she opens up return [UPDATE]Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding [INSIGHT]Call the Midwife's Lucille star quits after six years [EXPLAINER] The beloved character moved back to Jamaica after suffering a nervous breakdown in London. Lucille, who had been in the show for six years, left her husband Cyril Robinson (Zephryn Taitte) behind. After speaking with Dr Turner (Stephen McGann), Cyril suggested Lucille take some time away in the Caribbean using money from their savings pot. After she jetted off, Cyril later set up a phone call with his wife only to find out she had found herself a new job and was busy. Could Lucille come back to the series for the final ever outing and be reuined with Cyril? Taking to Twitter to announce her exit from the drama, Leonie penned: "It's my hope for people watching that if they can see the good in her, maybe they can extend that to people in real life. "I care about her deeply. Many share her story of miscarriage and depression, and many share her experience of abuse, racial or otherwise." Call the Midwife series 12 is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 