HMRC issued requests for £326million in payment shortages in 2021/2022, an increase of more than a quarter compared to the previous year. Heather Pollard, head of underwriting at Tower Street Finance, spoke about why people could be underpaying on their IHT bill and how to avoid this. She offered five key considerations people should think about to make sure they pay the correct IHT amount, and how to reduce one’s tax bill. It’s important for people to understand what counts as constituting a person’s ‘estate’, which will be subject to the tax. A person’s estate includes their property and valuables, including bank accounts, vehicles and shares. Debts such as mortgages, funeral expenses and other taxes are deducted from the estate before IHT is applied to the total remaining assets. An additional residence nil-rate band may also apply if a property is being passed on to a direct descendant. A person can find out how much of the residence nil-rate band would apply to their estate using a calculator tool on the Government website. The 40 percent only applies to amounts above the IHT threshold. For example, if a person inherited an estate worth £326,000 from an individual, they would pay 40 percent of the £1,000 above the threshold. This means they would have to pay £400 in inheritance tax. The money has to be paid to HMRC within six months of the person’s death. READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning as 'risk' Jeremy Hunt may target IHT in Budget - what you can do Married couples of civil partners do not pay inheritance tax on any assets left to their partner. When the second partner dies, the estate gets ‘transferable allowance’ meaning the estate gets twice the £325,000 allowance, with a £650,000 threshold, as long as this has not been previously used. The extra transferable element is also known as the transferable nil rate band. Don't miss... Martin Lewis tip for National Insurance boost to state pension [MARTIN LEWIS] British Gas offers energy debt grants to all eligible Britons [ENERGY DEBT GRANTS] Council tax to increase next month but Britons can slash their bill [COUNCIL TAX] People can reduce the IHT bill for their successors by reducing the size of their estate through gifts. A person can make any number of gifts to different people each year up to £250. They can also give away £3,000 divided among any number of people. Gifts to a spouse or civil partner or to charities are also exempt, and people can give away gifts when a person gets married or enters a civil partnership. For example, a parent can gift up to £5,000 in cash to their children when they get married and avoid the tax. READ MORE: Santander issues alert after ‘realistic’ scam email included customer’s card details A person can give away a larger amount of any sum to any individual, in a process known as a potentially exempt transfer. They have to live for another seven years for the gift to avoid being subject to IHT, although the tax they will pay on the amount reduces as the year progress towards the seven-year anniversary. People should keep track of the gifts they have received and who they were from. If HMRC queries a gift, the person who received it is responsible to provide the details so they can be taxed correctly. Another good thing to look at is trusts, as these provide more control over what happens to a person’s assets when they die. Trusts are complicated to set up and are subject to different tax rules. Families are advised to seek financial advice before creating one.