Coco Gauff has taken to social media to break down her preparation for Indian Wells with fellow American Frances Tiafoe, as the pair embark on success in their home nation. The pair took to the main court to practice together on Monday night (March 6), with the duo taking part in an intense tennis sparring session. Gauff and Tiafoe are among the biggest American hopes at Indian Wells this year, with the stars arriving in hot form ahead of the California showpiece. Tiafoe will aim to become the second consecutive American male player to win the Masters 1000 event in California, while Gauff will be trying to become the first American woman to win the event since Serena Williams in 2001. Ahead of their first games, the pair took part in an evening practice session. Gauff joked that her "legs were done" while chasing a drop shot from Tiafoe at the end of a high-intensity rally. Gauff took to Instagram as the good friends shared some of the most fun moments from their practice session, with Gauff joking: "So dramatic," while referring to her and Tiafoe's rallies. The sixth-seeded Gauff will open her 2023 Indian Wells campaign against a qualifier, while 14th-seed Tiafoe will kickstart his campaign against either Marcos Giron or Aleksandar Kovacevic. Gauff reached the semifinals of the Dubai Tennis Championships, while Tiafoe last played at the Mexican Open where he reached the quarter-finals. Gauff, who has already achieved great heights in both singles and doubles tennis at the professional level, admitted that the pressure gets to her. The 18-year-old recently opened up about dealing with the pressure of expectations as she is widely regarded as the "future superstar" of women's tennis. During a press conference at the Dubai Tennis Championships, she admitted: "Definitely it puts pressure on you. I never label myself that. I always said I just want to be the best that I can be. "It definitely adds pressure to it, especially when you have these losses, people say things about you, the rest of your life." Gauff, who is ranked world No 6 for singles and world No 3 for doubles, has had an impressive start to the season, having already won a singles title at the ASB Classic in Auckland and a doubles title, partnering with Jessica Pegula, at the Qatar Open in Doha.