Meghan Markle launched a "baby boutique" on Thursday to mark International Women's day. Meghan and Prince Harry's Archewell Foundation set up the pop-up in collaboration with women's charity Harvest Home as detailed on their website. The charity helps provide housing, mental well-being support, and classes to expectant mothers who have faced challenges including domestic violence, substance use and homelessness. To mark the occasion, the Duchess and her Archewell team also hosted lunch from a women-owned restaurant. The Archewell Foundation issued the following statement on its website: "As an advocate for women’s rights and supporter of mothers and families in need, Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex and the Archewell team celebrated the women of Harvest Home by creating a pop up baby boutique, hosting lunch from a female owned restaurant, and making a donation to the organisation." "Happy International Women’s day to all of you! Whether donating your time, funds, or helping a woman in your community, let’s all celebrate the women in our lives today and every day!" The event comes days after the Sussexes confirmed their daughter Princess Lilibet Diana had been christened in a private ceremony at their home in Montecito. READ MORE: Lilibet Diana christened in secret California ceremony, Prince Harry and Meghan reveal Lilibet, who turns two in June, was baptised on Friday by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor, Harry and Meghan said in a statement. Lilibet’s title and that of her brother, Prince Archie Harrison, who will be four in May, will be updated on the Buckingham Palace website later. Harry and his wife Meghan publicly called their daughter a princess and revealing for the first time that they will use royal titles for their children. The announcement marked the first time that the children’s titles had been used in public. Don't miss... Harry and Meghan's title move 'predictable', says expert [LATEST] Harry and Meghan issue new statement defending children's titles [LATEST] Archie saved a dance for his little sister at Lilibet’s christening  [LATEST] The question of the children’s titles took centre stage two years ago during Harry and Meghan’s television interview with Oprah Winfrey. Meghan said that when she was pregnant with Archie “they” — presumably the palace — “were saying they didn’t want him to be a prince … which would be different from protocol”. Meghan suggested that this was because Archie was the royal family’s “first member of colour” and would have marked the first time a royal grandchild wasn’t given the same title as the other grandchildren. At the time, royal experts said Meghan’s comments appeared to be based on a misunderstanding of the way royal titles are conferred. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan insist Palace approved of Archie and Lilibet's titles 'for some time' Titles are conferred in line with a decree issued by King George V in 1917 that limits the titles of prince and princess to the male-line grandchildren of the sovereign. As long as the late Queen Elizabeth II was alive, Harry and his older brother, Prince William, were the sovereign’s grandchildren. Harry and William’s children, as great grandchildren, didn’t receive the titles automatically. But Elizabeth had the power to amend the rules, and in 2012 she decreed that the children of Prince William and his wife, Catherine, would be princes and princesses. This decree didn’t apply to Harry and Meghan. However, the situation changed when King Charles III ascended the throne on the death of his mother last September. William and Harry are the king’s sons, meaning their offspring are now royal grandchildren and so entitled to be known as prince and princess. Nonetheless, they have remained a plain “master” and “miss” on the Buckingham Palace website for the past six months.