First sent to jail in 1974 for armed robbery, the infamous prisoner Charles Bronson has been in custody for almost half a century in various different prisons, including Belmarsh and Broadmoor. The 70-year-old, who is now incarcerated at HM Prison Woodhill, Bucks, is currently applying to be released on parole once again with the hearings being held on March 6 and 8 at London’s Royal Courts of Justice. But although the man Bronson was handed a life sentence for kidnapping has said he will never forgive him — but would not object to his release. In 1999, Bronson attacked and held hostage prison art teacher Phil Danielson, of Huddersfield, Yorks, for more than 40 hours. He was awarded £65,000 in compensation by the Home Office but the incident, during which he was stabbed, beaten, and tied up with a rope, has severely affected him. Mr Danielson was initially diagnosed with PTSD and went through multiple breakdowns. He was then diagnosed with acute anxiety disorder which he says he will “never get over”. It has affected his life forever. The now 60-year-old told the Channel 4 documentary, Bronson: Fit To Be Free, released this month, that he should be retiring as he was deemed unfit to teach.  He said: “The damage that was caused by him has moulded my whole life since 1999, 23 years nearly. It’s moulded my whole life so it’ll be with me for the rest of my days because if it hadn’t happened I’d probably be now thinking about retiring.” “One thing could not be disputed, he had kidnapped me and it carries life. On the personal level, what he did to me and my life, I’ll never forgive him.” Bronson, who grew up in Luton, Bedfordshire, has been moved between different prisons 100 times, having attacked more than 20 inmates and staff, and holding 11 hostage between 1974 and 1998. He has now spent the best part of 50 years in custody. In 1998, Bronson was placed in a special experimental unit at HMP Hull, Yorks. The following year, the art teacher was covering for an absent colleague on A wing, where Bronson was imprisoned. READ MORE: Brits are 'retiring to Scotland for the drinking culture' Don't miss... POLL: Who do you trust to really deliver Brexit, Boris or Rishi? [POLL] Brits are 'retiring to Scotland for the drinking culture' [REPORT] New digital IDs could see YOU given a cradle-to-grave ID number [INSIGHT] Bronson then grabbed hold of him, wielding a makeshift spear telling him he was going to die leaving Mr Danielson “terrified out of his mind” all of which was captured on CCTV. Now, Bronson is applying for parole yet again after his past seven attempts failed. Although Mr Danielson said he does not feel sorry for him, he said: “Considering the length of the sentence I probably wouldn’t have many grounds to object… Part of me thinks that maybe justice has been done.” In the documentary, he told his son, George Bamby, told how he can now “smell and taste freedom”, explaining that he has changed and he is now anti-violent and anti-crime. When he first went to jail, Bronson — whose name was Michael Gordon Peterson before he changed it in 1987 — attacked a fellow inmate and had his sentence extended by nine months.  When at Broadmoor, he attempted to strangle “big-mouthed” fellow inmate Gordon Robinson to death and staged a rooftop protest which caused £250,000 worth of damage. After robbing a jewellery shop in 1988 he was locked up once again, ending up back behind bars for committing the same offence in 1992. Then in 2000, he was handed a life sentence after kidnapping Mr Danielson and other incidents. Bronson is currently being represented by Dean Kingham who has represented notorious prisoners over the years and works to get prisoners out of the system. If the board grants him parole, he could be released on a life licence after decades in prison.