Stephen Bear leaked a private video of himself and Love Island star Georgia Harrison to his OnlyFans account without her consent, leading to a 21-month jail sentence which began last week. However, while the disgraced Celebrity Big Brother winner remains behind bars, it has emerged that his brother Danny has unexpected links with the Presley family. Entrepreneur Danny, who had a bakery before selling it to Tesco for a lucrative sum back in 2015, is now working on a new business, which he shares with Elvis Presley's former wife, Priscilla. Danny's multimillionaire status was cemented after the sale, and he subsequently set up two companies with the actress - Priscilla and Friends Ltd and Priscilla & Friends Group Ltd. Both are listed as directors on the company's files and, judging by snaps of the pair posted to Danny's Instagram page, they seem to be close friends as well. One photo depicts the glamorous star receiving a kiss on the cheek from Danny while smiling at the camera in an all-black outfit with red lipstick and knee-high boots. READ NOW: A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue In February 2022, Danny publicly announced their venture together, sharing with his followers: "Fabulous meeting with friend and business partner American Icon @priscillapresley. "Our new global hospitality brand launches soon- interviews and press release to follow." Danny was also quick to demonstrate his mourning for Elvis and Priscilla's only child, Lisa Marie Presley, in a dedicated post on Instagram last year following her tragic death. "My thoughts and prayers are with my friend Priscilla today. We are all so deeply saddened by the loss of your beautiful daughter Lisa-Marie. Dan," he wrote. Meanwhile, he has dabbled in the entertainment industry himself recently, appearing in films including Renegades, Nemesis and The Making Of Nemesis - all of which have been released over the last couple of years. His latest offering, Renegades, saw him work alongside Patsy Kensit. The fast-paced action movie detailed the grisly murder of a soldier by an international drug cartel, leading to the pursuit of revenge on the streets of London. Although Danny played a relatively small part in the movie, the role has paved the way for a glittering future in showbiz. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams Clarkson fans wanting Lineker axed after Meghan row [DEBATE] Camilla deep in conversation with Love Island's Megan Barton-Hanson [PICTURES] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen causes stir with bloody photos [LATEST]  Meanwhile, his car collection has earned him street cred, and he counts the influencer Supercar Blondie - who has a mammoth 11.8 million Instagram followers - as one of his friends. The star endorsed his custom-built BMW X6, declaring it the "coolest SUV on the planet", according to Danny. The gleaming motor comes complete with its own 'Dark 1' registration plate, in a nod to superhero Batman's car. As Danny seems to be living the high life, his brother Stephen is serving jail time for voyeurism and disclosing private sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress. Love Island star Georgia Harrison was filmed by CCTV cameras while having sex with him in his garden, and she stated that the filming occurred without her knowledge or consent. During the trial at Chelmsford Crown Court, he told reporters waiting outside that he hadn't been given a "fair trial". He arrived for the hearing in a rented Range Rover and wore a series of fashionable outfits while posing outside the court for selfies.