Lady Victoria issued a warning to Prince Harry on Tuesday's instalment of Dan Wootton Tonight when she was asked if his mother Princess Diana would be proud of his actions in recent years. The 46-year-old told viewers the Duke of Sussex was "delicate" and noted how "it didn't end well" for his mother.  Patrick Christys, who was filling in for Dan Wootton, was asking his GB News guests if Diana would be proud of Harry's decisions since he moved to California with Meghan Markle. He was joined by journalist Kevin Maguire, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams and socialite Lady Victoria. Lady Victoria began: "I think Diana would be proud of the fact that he left. "He went to California as that was supposed to be one of her dreams to move to Malibu and get away from the press. "So I think in that respect yes, as he's managed to build a life."   READ MORE:  Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified However, Lady Victoria claimed Diana would not be proud of what's happened with her two sons being "at war" with each other. "That was one of the things she felt very strongly about - for them to be friends growing up - and I do not believe Diana would approve of Harry and William," she added. She later said Harry was "so delicate now" and suggested the way he was being encouraged to keep talking about his life to the media was "dangerous". "I mean look what happened to Diana, it did not end well," Lady Victoria added. "So I think there's got to be a limit to this."  Kevin suggested Harry was missing a "mother's loving arm around him". "She could put him on the straight and narrow and give him some advice," he added. "But I just keep coming back to it, she would love and adore, and respect and admire that he is being his own person and he is against the institution. "The brother problem would be huge for a mother, it would be huge for anyone."  Don't miss... Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [ROYALS] Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [LATEST] Susanna Reid warns Lady Hervey 'that's enough' as she ends interview [LATEST] Lady Victoria's comments did not sit well with GB News viewers who took to Twitter to vent their fury. Leonie Mary raged: "Lady Victoria Hervey knows nothing. Listening to her dribble on about anything to do with knowing Prince Andrew or any royal is torture." Fee commented: "Lady Victoria Hervey keeps popping up now, doesn’t she? Hasn't she heard of keeping quiet?" NM said: "'I think it was King Charles and Princess Anne who were at the Queen's bedside.' How would Lady Victoria Hervey know her dying wish?"  Duchess Azure penned: "#LadyVictoriaHervey - stop stirring the pot you are making his cause worse." Astrid Lavalette said: "Lady Victoria Hervey, who previously dated Prince Andrew back in 1999, believes that Prince Harry's “self-sabotaging his relationship with his brother” will cause his exile from the royal family." In contrast, Jeff Cabral said: "Lady Victoria Hervey speaks the truth, it's people like you that don't want to hear it!" Dan Wootton Tonight airs on weeknights from 9pm on GB News. 