The brother of Charles Bronson has failed to back his bid for freedom, saying he has "nothing to do with him". A Parole Board will decide if Bronson, one of the country's most violent offenders should be released after spending 48 years behind bars. The 70-year-old, whose real name is Michael Peterson, was first sent to jail in 1968 and in 2000 was sentenced to a discretionary life term with a minimum of four years for taking a prison teacher at HMP Hull hostage for 44 hours. His brother, Mark Peterson, said he lost contact with his brother after "fake son" George Bamby came out claiming he was Bronson's son, the Mirror reports. In 2018 Mr Bamby came out claiming to be Bronson's child, saying he had a DNA test with a 99.8 percent match. Mr Peterson told The Mirror: "I've had nothing to do with him since he introduced his fake son." Mr Bamby was said to be present at the first day of Broson's parole hearing at the Royal Courts of Justice on Monday. Following the hearing, he wrote on Facebook: "I listened to the opening speech from The Parole Head who confirmed that legally they were unable [to] watch the recent Channel 4 documentary. Which me and our legal team knew from day 1 may I add. "The legal team that I got for Charlie. I walked in there with my head held high as I won't be bullied by people. [sic]" READ MORE: Thug steals veteran's bank card to buy KFC but is released from jail In the documentary, Bronson, who now goes under the name Charles Salvador, said he can "smell and taste freedom". He said: "I've got a horrible, nasty, vicious, violent past (but) I've never killed anyone, I've never harmed a woman, never harmed a child. "I'm focused, I'm settled, I can actually smell and taste freedom like I've never, ever done in (my) life. "I'm now anti-crime, anti-violent. What the f*** am I still in prison for?" Don't miss... Notorious prisoner Charles Bronson 'less of a risk free' than prison [LATEST] Bronson has never used ATM and would need help living outside prison  [LATEST] Charles Bronson says he has PTSD after 'brutal' jail treatment [LATEST] During the hearing this week, Bronson told the panel: “I was born to have a rumble, I love to have a rumble. But I’m 70 now. It can become embarrassing. You have to grow up sooner or later.” He added: “I was a horrible person and I couldn’t stop taking hostages. I was battling against the system…it was my way of getting back.”