It's been confirmed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were ordered to vacate their Windsor home, Frogmore Cottage. The King reportedly retaliated to comments made about his wife in Spare by evicting his son and the Duchess of Sussex from their residence. However, Prince Andrew's ex, Lady Victoria Hervey, has now claimed Prince William was behind the "eviction". Appearing on Sunday's GB News with Nana Akua, the 46-year-old socialite stated the Prince of Wales wanted his brother to be evicted from the property. Lady Victoria has been far from quiet in her dislike of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and equally vocal in her support of the Duke of York. In her latest arguments, she stated that the Prince of Wales being "unhappy" was the reason for the latest update. It came as she addressed rumours Prince Andrew would be moving into the Windsor home. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection Lady Victoria remarked: "The first thing to say about Royal Lodge, is that it's only about 10 bedrooms and there is no swimming pool, every newspaper has said it's got 30 rooms – that's completely incorrect. "I think it's sort of also quite obvious that this is Prince William wanting the house." It's been claimed Andrew is moving into the cottage because the Royal Lodge is undergoing repairs. Lady Victoria continued: "This has nothing to do with budgets, this is William wanting the big house, he's not happy in the small one. "For Prince Andrew, he's been in Royal Lodge for 20 years, it was his grandmother's house, it's very sentimental, and he's got the dogs so, why should he move? "The Queen's dying wish was for him to stay in that house but King Charles just wants to boot him out." A spokesman for Harry and Meghan confirmed a "request" had been made for the Sussexes to give up Frogmore Cottage. The move comes just months after Prince Harry made shocking revelations and claims in his book, Spare. Detailing an alleged incident that took place in 2019, Harry explained his brother had called Meghan "rude", "difficult" and "abrasive". Harry alleged the argument became more heated before William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor". He also claimed the altercation left him with a visible injury on his back due to him falling onto a dog's bowl and breaking it. At the time, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were living in Nottingham Cottage on the grounds of Kensington Palace, a home known in the family as "Nott Cott". Lady Victoria is not the only one to speak out against Harry and Meghan. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Lizzie Cundy celebrated The King's decision, remarking: "King Charles is showing he has really got the crown jewels and he is showing he's in charge and the boss. "I'm so pleased he has taken control, I know he doesn't like confrontation. I know he's weak at times but now he's showing his real strength." Nana Akua's GB News programme airs Saturday and Sunday from 4pm.