Sir Alex Ferguson's stern-faced reaction spoke volumes as Manchester United fell to a shambolic 7-0 defeat at the hands of Liverpool on Sunday. The managerial legend was in the stands at Anfield to take in the action and watch Erik ten Hag's side make a title statement, but was instead left with a painful reminder of their last defeat to the Merseyside outfit. Cody Gakpo had put the Reds in front just before half-time and the Dutchman grabbed his second shortly after the break, with Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah then both notching two goals apiece before Roberto Firmino rounded off the rout. It was United's worst-ever Premier League defeat and their biggest at the hands of their long-time rivals spanning over the course of 125 years of history. And it appeared that United's annihilation was too much to bear for Ferguson as he watched on from the director's box. The 81-year-old had a blank expression painted across his face and was seen shaking his head during the game after watching his club crumble in a dismal second-half display. READ MORE: Mo Salah 'finishes Lisandro Martinez' career' as Liverpool run riot Worse yet, the images of Ferguson shaking his head were shown just before TV cameras turned to Anfield hero Sir Kenny Dalglish, who could not hide his delight with a beaming smile as the Scot celebrated jubilantly. At one point, it even appeared the 72-year-old was laughing at United's abysmal defending after watching them collapse. It brought back memories of how Ferguson reacted in similar fashion when United were beaten 5-0 at Old Trafford back in 2021 while Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was in charge. On that particular day to forget in October 2021, Dalglish's son Paul posted a video clip of Ferguson's facial expressions during the game to mock United after the 5-0 drubbing, although he is yet to repeat his antics after the seven-goal thrashing. The embarrassment was palpable for everyone involved and Solskjaer did not last long after the heavy loss, with Ralf Rangnick placed in charge. DON'T MISSSouness confronts Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remarkVarane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful full-time actionsGary Neville brands Bruno Fernandes 'a disgrace' for Man Utd antics There is no danger of Ten Hag heading towards the same fate, especially after the Dutchman guided United to the Carabao Cup only last week. The club are still fighting on four fronts this season, although many will regard the Premier League as an unrealistic target following their damaging defeat. And Ferguson's reaction will no doubt generate a sense of awkwardness for Ten Hag, who only days ago hailed the impact of Ferguson on the players and his achievements in the game after recently sitting down for a dinner with the United icon. "I enjoy it [Ferguson's presence]," the former Ajax boss said. "It's inspiring to have a big inspirator like him - a man, a personality, who won everything. So he knows what winning is, he knows the culture of winning. "To talk with him about that, to learn, but also for the players, I think it's inspiring to have him around."