A blind woman has been left feeling "terrified" by the discovery of mice running around her home. Emma Rankin, 37, was moved to an accessible bungalow in Tuebrook, Liverpool in May last year after spending 14 weeks in an induced coma due to an epileptic seizure. However, just a few months after the mum-of-two moved in, her carers, who visit twice a day, noticed mouse droppings and nibbled food in her kitchen. Speaking to the Liverpool Echo, Emma said: "I've had nothing but problems with mice, and the mice have been getting more and more severe as the months have gone on. "Today my carer has come out and found more droppings all over my countertops and in my cupboards, and they've been eating my Weetabix. She said 'look at all the bite marks on your Weetabix packaging'. So the mice are actually getting into my cupboards now and eating my food. It's a real health and safety risk and because I'm in such ill health as it is I shouldn't have to live here like this." Emma, who is blind and has suffered from mobility problems since her seizure, said she complained to her housing provider, Torus, in September 2022. But despite numerous visits from pest control officers, the mice continued to infiltrate her home. She said: "They've been putting me in hotels for days at a time while fixing the issues in the property, and I'd get home and they'd still be here. "They'll send pest control out to examine the property and find holes. They'll fill in the holes and say they've fixed the issue, and they're still coming back. I'm the one here 24/7 and I'm the one who can hear them, and there is droppings, so it shows they're still here.   "I can't remain in this property, it's damaging my health. I'm already severely ill and I don't want mice or rats running around the place. Even in a normal situation, no one should have to live like this, let alone someone who's ill. "I feel absolutely exhausted from having to constantly keep chasing (Torus) and ringing them up and dealing with it. I'm absolutely terrified. I can hear them running around my bed. I'm scared in case they jump on the bed and bite me. If they can get on the kitchen counter they can get up quite high. It's making me feel really depressed and really upset, because I don't want to be living here. My anxiety is so bad." Margaret Goddard, Torus Group assets director, said: “We are aware of the issue in the tenant’s property and are very sorry that the tenant feels that we have not done enough over the last few months to help and support her. As soon as we were alerted, we acted promptly to get pest control measures in place. Neighbourhoods officers, repairs teams and pest control have since made many repeated visits to solve the problem.  “The tenant has been placed in hotels on several occasions, whilst work to repeatedly clean the home and carry out remedial repairs have been completed. “Despite our best efforts, the mice have returned to the property and we will continue to look for a long-term solution and explore further options, including looking at neighbouring homes and other potential sources. “We remain in regular contact with the tenant and are doing all we can to resolve the issue and provide other help and support via our tenancy sustain team and the local authority.” 