Kolo Toure started his Celtic career in hilarious fashion, leading a press conference in a sing-along after accidentally revealing Whitney Houston as his favourite artist. The former Arsenal, Manchester City and Liverpool defender didn't take long to make a name for himself in Scotland. Toure joined Celtic on a one-year contract in July 2016, reuniting with former manager Brendan Rodgers as Parkhead. At the end of his deal, the Ivory Coast icon retired from playing and joined Rodgers' coaching staff as a technical assistant in September 2017. He made an impact on the pitch in his season as a centre-back, lifting the Scottish Premiership and Scottish Cup double. But Toure's first impression off the pitch set him in good stead to quickly become a fan favourite in Glasgow. During a press conference after his move to Celtic, Toure thought he had been asked his favourite song but visibly struggled to understand the Scottish accent. JUST IN: Liverpool may receive Bellingham boost with Dortmund 'keen' on outcast He told reporters: "I don't speak Scottish yet! The best song? Don't laugh... Ok, I like Whitney Houston." Toure was then reminded that the question concerned his favourite football chant rather than his favourite song, sparking laughter in the media room as he bowed his head in embarrassment. "Ah, the fans singing! The fans' songs from all the clubs I've been to? I would say I like the one at Man City because they are the ones that started Kolo and Yaya," Toure explained. The Ivorian then proceeded to demonstrate the chant himself, standing up in the corner of the room and urging the press to get involved. DON'T MISS Luis Enrique has already hinted issue may deny him taking Chelsea jobMount's true feelings on Chelsea contract emerge as Liverpool close inArsenal and Man Utd to lose out on Rice as Man City have trump card He started to dance as the reporters in the room joined him in chanting: "Kolo, Kolo Kolo, Kolo Kolo, Kolo Kolo Toure! Yaya, Yaya Yaya!" Toure enjoyed further success at Celtic as a coach before leaving with Rodgers after his appointment as Leicester City manager in February 2019. After lifting the FA Cup and Community Shield with the Foxes in 2021, the 41-year-old parted ways with Rodgers to accept his first managerial role at Championship outfit Wigan Athletic in November 2022. However, Toure lasted less than two months in the job after failing to win any of his nine games in charge. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here