South Wales Police's investigation has concluded a crash which killed three youngsters took place just after 2am on Saturday, March 4. Five young people were involved in a crash near the St Mellons area of Cardiff that killed three of them and left two seriously injured. The group was only discovered 48 hours after the accident. Eve Smith, 21, Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Darcy Ross, 21, died in the crash. Sophie Russon and Shane Loughlin were seriously injured and remain in hospital, according to the latest police statement. South Wales Police said specialised family liaison officers continue to provide support to the families of Rafel, Darcy Ross, and Eve. Examinations following the death are ongoing. The police statement added the collision occurred at 02.03 am on March 4 after "extensive enquiries," which included examining CCTV and number plate recognition cameras in the vicinity. The white VW Tiguan pulled off the road and crashed into some trees.  Detectives looking into the collision are now requesting dashcam footage from anyone who may have been in the area or travelling east along the A48 Eastern Avenue between Cardiff and the St Mellons off slip that connects to the roundabout of the A48, B4487, and Cypress Drive (near Blooms Garden Centre). They also want to speak to anyone who was travelling in this area and may have seen the Volkswagen Tiguan. There is no suggestion that another vehicle was involved in the accident. READ MORE: Cardiff crash police give fresh update on tragic accident  Assistant Chief Constable Jason Davies of South Wales Police said: "The investigation is making good progress in piecing together the events leading up to the collision. "Specialist officers will continue to carry out a detailed investigation which will enable us to provide the facts of what happened during the early hours of Saturday morning. "Our thoughts continue to be with the families and all those affected by this tragic incident. Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them." Don't miss... Three workers trapped after mine shaft accident in Spain [BREAKING] Boy banned from using e-scooters after fatal accident [LATEST] Man shot three times in Belfast after 'masked men' break into home [REPORT] South Wales Police can be contacted via Live Chat at https://www.south-wales.police.uk/ or online via https://bit.ly/SWPProvideInfo. Witnesses can also reach out to the police by email at swp101@south-wales.police.uk or dial 101. READ NEXT:Toddler killed and grandmother injured after being struck by lorryMan found dead and woman seriously ill in hospitalDad killed and son seriously injured in freak farm tragedyNurses in PPE caused disabled boy scathing burns in bath accidentA&E evacuated as fire rips through hospital floor