King Charles III, Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales, snubbed Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's invitations to attend the christening of their daughter Lilibet Diana, a source has claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed today that they held a small ceremony for their youngest child at their home in Montecito, California, last Friday led by the Archbishop of Los Angeles. The "intimate" event at their property saw approximately 20 to 30 attendees, but the Royal Family's most senior members were reportedly not among them. Speaking to People magazine, a source revealed that the couple extended invites to King Charles, Queen Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton ahead of the event. But they were ultimately not in attendance on March 3, with guests primarily made up of family members and friends already resident in the US. The source said that Meghan Markle's mother Doria Ragland, Tyler Perry, Lilibet's godfather and a longtime Atlanta-based friend of the couple, were among notable appearances. Once the ceremony had ended, attendees reportedly spent the afternoon eating food and dancing, with newly christened Lilibet enjoying a dance with her older brother Archie. While he and his wife now have thousands of miles separating them and the Royal Family, Prince Harry has expressed a desire for the Sussex children to have a relationship with their UK-based relatives. The two young Americans can also claim royal titles as prince and princess, although they do not have HRH status. Harry and Meghan lost the title when they stepped down as working royals in 2020, and can't pass it on to their children. They owe their titles to the 1917 letters patent issued by George V, which stipulates that male line children of a sovereign may pass down prince and princess titles. The rule has applied since Charles became King in 2022. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express