If Hitler had stopped at policing Germany’s borders rather than invading other countries and murdering millions of people, the world would be a happier place. But it isn’t just Gary Lineker who is guilty of hyperbole over the migration bill. Former Labour shadow chancellor John McDonnell accused the home secretary of using “inflammatory language”, while another Labour MP, Khalid Mahmood, accused the Government of “xenophobia and racism” – ignoring the fact the proposals apply equally to people of all ethnic backgrounds, whether they be Albanians or Somalians. There are perfectly valid criticisms to be made about the Government’s proposals. Is it really necessary to ban people from entering Britain for life if they try to make it here once illegally? The Government doesn’t seem sure where it is going to handle offshore asylum cases, beyond the few that Rwanda has agreed to take. But nothing will ever satisfy those people who have set themselves up as apologists for illegal migration and the criminal gangs who sustain it. In the eyes of the many charities and pressure groups who speak out on this issue, everyone who seeks to travel by boat from one safe country, France, to another, Britain, must by definition be “desperate”. The fact that the arrivals are predominantly young men and that many of them come from countries like Albania which are neither at war nor under a brutal dictatorship is conveniently overlooked. The plain fact is that the asylum system is being systematically abused – something which is making life ever more difficult for genuine refugees. Every pound that has to be spent treating an economic migrant to a stay at a four-star hotel in Britain is one less pound that we have to spend on a refugee camp in Syria. Given that it is vastly more expensive to accommodate and feed people in Britain than in many other countries, illegal migration is taking away help from the many to indulge a few. I don’t blame anyone for seeking a better life for themselves. Criminals and terrorists aside, most illegal migrants are not evil – they are simply opportunists who have spotted a loophole in our migration system. If it was a handful of people coming to Britain in this way, it wouldn’t much matter. Controlled migration is, of course, a good thing which can help boost the economy and allow the exchange of ideas and culture. Uncontrolled migration, though, overloads local communities and public services. The numbers of people taking advantage of the asylum system are far too large to ignore. In the first 10 months of 2022, 38,000 people arrived in Britain by small boats. Without action, the Home Office estimates, the number this year could reach 80,000. And it wouldn’t stop there – the more word gets around about Britain being a soft touch, the more those numbers will grow. There are many millions of people around the world who could better their lifestyles by moving to Britain to take advantage of our generous welfare system. It would be wrong for the Government to wash its hands of responsibility towards people who are fleeing genuine danger. We can and should run a Rolls-Royce of an operation to help refugees all around the world – as we do in Syria. The Government could help to silence some of its critics by announcing that some of the money it saves putting up asylum-seekers in hotels will be spent on refugee accommodation abroad. The general principle should be that it is better to deal with refugee problems close to their point of origin – that is how we can help the greatest number of people. It also ensures we help women and children too – not just young men strong enough to make the journey to Britain. The only way to tackle this problem is to make it perfectly clear that anyone who arrives in Britain this way will not be allowed to stay here. They will either be deported to their home countries, sent back across the Channel to France or rehomed in a third country; whichever is most appropriate. Criticise details of the Government’s policy by all means – but don’t try to make out that the Government is acting like the Third Reich by taking decisive action against people-traffickers.