Defiant Gary Lineker is reportedly refusing to delete his tweet comparing the Government's migrant crackdown to Nazi Germany. The BBC has said it will have a "frank conversation" with the Match of the Day host over the post, which has sparked calls for the broadcaster to sack him. But the i reported that Mr Lineker will not remove the controversial tweet despite the storm. The newspaper cited BBC insiders as saying the ex-England footballer has not yet spoken to bosses at the corporation and is not responding to calls. The BBC presenter yesterday commented on a Twitter video put out by Home Secretary Suella Braverman on new laws to tackle small boats crossing the Channel. He told his 8.6 million followers: "Good heavens, this is beyond awful." In a reply to another Twitter user who accused him of being "out of order", the former England striker added: "There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. "This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I'm out of order?" Despite the row, Mr Lineker took to Twitter this morning to share three posts in the space of an hour vowing to continue speaking out. In his first tweet, he said: "Morning all. Anything going on?" He followed up with another post saying the "freedom of speech champions" were "demanding silence from those with whom they disagree". In a third tweet, Mr Lineker added: "I have never known such love and support in my life than I’m getting this morning (England World Cup goals aside, possibly). I want to thank each and every one of you. It means a lot. I’ll continue to try and speak up for those poor souls that have no voice. Cheers all." Ms Braverman today slapped down the football pundit's intervention on the Illegal Migration Bill. She told BBC Breakfast: "I'm disappointed obviously. I think it's unhelpful to compare our measures which are lawful, proportionate and compassionate to 1930s Germany. "I also think we're on the side of the British people here. It is plain for anyone to see that the British people have had enough of this situation of thousands of people coming here illegally at huge cost to the taxpayer and undermining our laws and British generosity. That needs to stop." Meanwhile, furious Tory MPs have urged the BBC to take action. Conservative Party deputy chairman Lee Anderson told the Express: "Once again this taxpayer-funded virtue-signalling out-of-touch multi-millionaire ex-footballer pipes up to show how totally out of touch he is with the rest of the British public. "I would politely suggest that he needs to go and get some fresh air before he tweets again." South Thanet MP Craig Mackinlay branded the remarks a "step too far" and called on the BBC to fire Mr Lineker. Former minister Andrea Jenkyns tweeted: "#SackLineker #DefundTheBBC." Blackpool South MP Scott Benton said: "Appalling and thoroughly ill-judged comments from Gary Lineker. To compare reasonable measures to stop illegal immigration to the unimaginable horrors of the Nazis is beyond the pale." Peterborough MP Paul Bristow added: "They say you should never meet your heroes. I met Gary Lineker a few years ago at a charity do. Loved him as much as I did in 1990. "But this breaks my heart. Comparing a policy that will save lives to Nazi Germany is beyond disgusting." GB News presenter Nigel Farage also called for the BBC to let the presenter go. He said: "Andrew Bridgen got sacked for making WW2 references as an MP. So should Gary Lineker as a taxpayer-funded BBC pundit!" Mr Lineker is not a permanent member of staff at the BBC and is a freelance broadcaster not responsible for news or political content, so is subject to less strict rules on impartiality than journalists. But he is one of the corporation's highest-profile stars and last year was named as the BBC's top earning on-air talent for the fifth consecutive year. A spokesperson for the corporation said: "The BBC has social media guidance, which is published. "Individuals who work for us are aware of their responsibilities relating to social media. We have appropriate internal processes in place if required."