The Duke and Duchess of Sussex may try to reclaim millions of pounds spent on renovations of Frogmore Cottage, according to a new report. The King has chosen to evict the couple from their UK residence and will reportedly hand over the property to Prince Andrew instead. Harry and Meghan are being evicted from the Frogmore Cottage by the King, who is reportedly moving his brother and disgraced royal Prince Andrew, into the home. A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirmed the King's decision earlier this week, simply saying in a statement: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." The renovations cost taxpayer’s £2.4million and Harry and Meghan paid for anything that went above the allocated budget. However, the pair moved to the US just six months later, where they now live in an £11million mansion in Montecito.  The couple then reimbursed the Crown Estate for the cost of the renovations, with a deal to lease Frogmore Cottage for an unspecified number of years. At the time, the couple said the refurbishment would mean “their family would always have a place to call home in the United Kingdom". Royal officials stated Harry and Meghan’s decision to re-pay the £2.4million on Frogmore represented a “good deal” for taxpayers. But now they are being evicted, the couple could ask for the money to be paid back to them. READ MORE: Firm to have 'more to lose than gain' by Sussexes's Coronation absence Royal fans have been quick to say the couple would be "out of touch" if they ask for a reimbursement. Royal expert Hilary Fordwich told Fox News Digital: "Even Aesop knew back in 260 BC ‘Be careful what you wish for.' H&M [Harry and Meghan] declared wanting to live a more ‘normal’ life, well there are consequences. "The speculation that they expect to be reimbursed for either renovations or their ‘rent’ is the sentiment of someone who has no clue what the consequences of their actions are, because they are so incredibly out of touch with reality. "Where in life aren’t there consequences for actions? Perhaps Harry can deduct what he’s ‘expecting back’ from what he was ‘given’ by his mother and his grandmother as well as his father and return all that?"  Frogmore Cottage was one of the key things linking the California-based royals to Harry's home country, causing some to suspect that they might not return for the King's Coronation. They have reportedly been invited to the historic event, which will be held on May 6 at Westminster Abbey, London. But they are yet to announce whether they will attend or not. According to the Mirror, the King began the eviction process on January 11 - the day after Prince Harry's bombshell memoir, Spare, hit the shelves. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews