Outlander star Sam Heughan has taken to social media to issue a stern warning to his followers after an increase in fake profiles. The actor clarified he would not ask fans for money. In 2014, Sam shot to fame after landing a huge role on Outlander as the Scottish highlander, Jamie Fraser. With the success of the show came instant popularity for many of the cast including Sam. As a result, many viewers followed the star on social media in hopes of seeing the behind-the-scenes of the set or major production updates. However, with Sam’s rise in fame there was also an increased number of fake accounts manipulating fans and pretending to be him.  READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges On Wednesday, the actor took to his Instagram stories to warn his 3.9 million followers about the scammers. Sam wrote: “Please be careful on social media. So many scammers. “I will never reach out or message on Instagram/Twitter/Whatsapp/Google Hangouts/etc Or ask for money.” He informed fans: “If it’s not verified, it’s not me.”  The Jamie Fraser star added: “Not will my agent/family/publicist etc…” Sam recently addressed his loyal fans to share a glimpse of the season seven wrap party. With production for Outlander’s upcoming instalment finally over, the cast and crew celebrated its completion with a dazzling party. Thankfully for fans, they were able to gain a glimpse of the festivities as Sam filmed for social media.  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's identity after Kim betrayal [REACTION]Outlander's Sam Heughan sparks frenzy with peek at season 7 [REACTION]Outlander fans spot tribute to Sam Heughan in novels [INSIGHT] This also sparked a major frenzy as thousands of his followers swarmed into his comment section with excitement for season seven. Throughout the video, Sam showed off his signature menu of drinks which were mixed with his very own brand of whisky, Sassenech. The list included Heughan Highball, Rob Roy and Whisky Sour. Elsewhere in the clip, Sam was smiling at the camera as he sampled a glass of his alcoholic beverage.  There was also a look at the packed dance floor, with hundreds of people dancing, waving their arms in the air and gleefully singing. Although Outlander last aired in May 2022, fans don’t have long to wait before the romance drama returns to the screens. Alongside a gripping trailer, the network confirmed season seven would premiere this summer. Following the nail-biting season finale, fans will finally find out if Jamie was able to rescue his wife Claire Fraser (Caitriona Balfe) in time.  Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the USA and on Lionsgate+ in the UK.  