Prince Harry and Meghan Markle christened their daughter Princess Lilibet Diana at their home in Montecito, California. However, King Charles III, Queen Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton were reportedly not in attendance. But do you think they should have travelled for the event? Vote in our poll.  Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex held an intimate ceremony for their 21-month-year-old on Friday, March 3, according to People. A spokesperson for the couple told the publication: “I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, 3 March by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor.” An insider told the US publication that around 20 to 30 guests attended the occasion including Meghan’s mother Doria Ragland and Lilibet's godfather, Tyler Perry. A source claimed Harry and Meghan extended an invitation to the King, Queen Consort, and the Prince of Princess of Wales but they were “not in attendance”. Royal christenings are traditionally small occasions held in Buckingham Palace or Windsor chapels, with close family in attendance. Harry and Meghan’s son, three-year-old Prince Archie Harrison, was christened at eight weeks old on July 6, 2019, with 25 guests attending the private ceremony at Windsor Castle. READ MORE: Charles, William and Kate snub invite to Lilibet's christening IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE ABOVE POLL, CLICK HERE The christening also marked the first time Harry and Meghan’s children were addressed with their prince and princess titles. When the King ascended the throne after Queen Elizabeth II’s death in September, as grandchildren of the monarch, under a 1917 Letters Patent, the couple’s children were entitled to be prince and princess. But they will not be given HRH status. Harry and Meghan issued a statement defending their decision: “The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace.” So what do YOU think? Should the Royal Family have gone to Lilibet's christening? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.