John Fury has advised Tyson to ‘stick to his guns’ when it comes to the negotiations for his proposed undisputed bout with Oleksandr Usyk. The pair are still attempting to get the fight over the line for April 29 at Wembley Stadium, but talks are stalling on the financial side of the deal. With the historic event heading to England rather than Saudi Arabia, the prize pot has been significantly reduced, proving to be a problem for Tyson. The Gypsy King is demanding a 70 per cent lion's share of the total prize money in order to fulfil his hefty wage demands. But Usyk and promoter Alexander Krassyuk want at least 40 per cent of the purse. Growing frustrated by the drawn-out talks, Tyson has threatened to take one per cent away from Usyk’s split for every day that discussions continue. And Fury Sr has applauded his son for digging in his heels. “I think Usyk and his team need to know whereabouts they are and, what they bring to the table. I think the offer was made at 30 per cent and 40 per cent If he wins, which is good money for him,” he told Express Sport via Free Bets. “Because where else can he go to make that kind of money? You know, whoever he fights in the world, he's not going to make a quarter of what he's been offered by Tyson. So it makes good sense for him to take what’s on the table or else Tyson won’t do it because he knows his worth and I know his worth. “I don't get involved in his business, but I do give him a little bit of advice. And I say, ‘look, stick to your guns. You are the WBC champion, you are the a-side, you are the one putting 95,000 people on seats in the cold weather and 60,000 in freezing cold conditions.’  Don't miss... Hearn opens door to Joshua vs Fury with 'basis of deal' completed [LATEST] Usyk already in talks with Fury alternative as fight falls into doubt [LATEST] Eddie Hearn breaks silence on poor Anthony Joshua ticket sales  [LATEST] “What does Usyk bring? If he fights Joe Joyce or Daniel Dubois, he makes virtually nothing compared to what he can make against Tyson. Because 30 per cent is a lot of money out of what's on the table.” If Usyk and Fury can’t be signed in the coming days then the unified heavyweight champion is expected to defend his titles against one of his three mandatory challengers; Daniel Dubois (WBA), Filip Hrgovic (IBF) and Joe Joyce (WBO). Dubois and the WBA are next up in the sanctioning body rotational system although the fight hangs on whether the Brit will have recovered enough from his torn ACL in his last outing against Kevin Lerena. Dubois’ promoter Frank Warren recently revealed to Express Sport that Triple D is back in training and can be available for mid to late May.