Prime Minister Rishi Sunak signed a new post-Brexit trade deal with the European Union last week, to replace the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol. Yet former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has criticised the Windsor Framework as “not about the UK taking back control”. So who do you trust to really deliver Brexit? Vote in our poll.  Mr Sunak claimed that his deal with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen was a “ decisive breakthrough”. He told the House of Commons last week that the new agreement puts “beyond all doubt that we have now taken back control” However, Mr Johnson warned he would find it “very difficult” to support the agreement in the upcoming Commons vote as it was “not about the UK taking back control” from Brussels.  Don't miss... Brexit boost for Sunak as PM closes in on Starmer's popularity [LATEST] Sunak’s plan for small boats could be an 'election winner' for Tories [ANALYSIS] Tories’ last chance to boost business [COMMENT] In his first major speech in the UK since leaving office, on Thursday, March 2, Mr Johnson claimed the Windsor Framework would act as a “drag anchor” on the UK trying to take advantage of Brexit freedoms. He emphasised that no part of the UK should be subject to EU law, adding: “This is nothing if it is not a Brexit government, and Brexit is nothing if we in this country don’t do things differently.” Mr Johnson admitted that the row over post-Brexit trade in Northern Ireland was “all his fault”, but said he had “mixed feelings” towards the new deal. Former European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker claimed in an interview with Andrew Marr on LBC that Mr Johnson failed to understand that his Brexit deal with the EU needed to be more precise. He described the Windsor Framework as a “real breakthrough” but acknowledged that it gave Brussels a greater role than some had expected. So what do YOU think? Who do you trust to really deliver Brexit? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.