Bernie Ecclestone has fired shots at Lewis Hamilton on the eve of the new F1 season as he reignited his war of words with the Mercedes ace. Ecclestone’s reign as F1 chief came to an end in 2017 after the sport was taken over by Liberty Media. Last summer, Ecclestone said that Hamilton should “brush aside” racist comments that former world champion Nelson Piquet had made about the 38-year-old. Hamilton hit back at Ecclestone as he remarked: “I don’t know why we are continuing to give these older voices a platform.” And Ecclestone has been unwilling to leave the spat in the past as he has now taken issue with the fact Hamilton sees him as an “older voice.” The 92-year-old told The Telegraph: “Maybe the older generation are not interested in listening to what he has to say. In general, the older generation have seen a lot more, done a lot more. Maybe, when the older generation are making statements, and some people think they’re correct, he doesn’t like it, because it’s taking up the space that he would normally have. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc not buying Fernando Alonso comments “So many things in the world have changed. And the older generation can remember the changes. For the younger generation, it’s not the things from the past that they want to remember. People now have much more freedom to be heard. It’s all this telephone business. You or I could put something on the phone now and it would be seen worldwide.” Hamilton has won more Grands Prix than any other driver in the history of the sport and is level with Michael Schumacher in the all-time F1 championship standings after winning seven world titles. Hamilton landed his first title with McLaren in 2008, before winning another six championships in the space of seven years between 2014 and 2020. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton owns property portfolio including £50m Tom Brady condo [PICS]Lewis Hamilton's 'complete rubbish' remark will please Max Verstappen [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen makes ominous prediction in blow to Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS]   The blockbuster superstar has made a number of political statements at races in recent years, wearing a rainbow helmet in Qatar last year to promote LGBT rights after donning a t-shirt saying ‘Arrest the cops who killed Breonna Taylor’ following his Tuscan Grand Prix win in 2020. And Ecclestone has admitted he wants F1 to clamp down on the activism. “People don’t go to a Formula One race to have a lecture,” he added. “Definitely drivers should have free speech, but it’s a case of when and how they use it.” [Wearing t-shirts] - it’s wrong. It’s all completely wrong. I’m 100 per cent against it.”