Stephen Fry is an English actor, broadcaster, director, comedian and writer. Over the past 40 years he has contributed greatly to the showbiz industry and as a result, has amassed a large fortune. According to Spears, Stephen Fry has a net worth of £20million, and his source of wealth comes from being a professional actor, comedian and broadcaster, as well as several book deals. Stephen Fry was born in Hampstead, London on August 24, 1957, and is a well-known actor, comedian and author. He is best-known for being one-half of the comic double act Fry and Laurie alongside Hugh Laurie, with the pair starring in A Bit of Fry & Laurie on the BBC. He also starred in the sketch series Alfresco with Laurie, Emma Thompson and Robbie Coltrane, as well as Blackadder in 1986-89 with Rowan Atkinson. READ MORE: Warburtons vs supermarket own crumpets compared in taste test Aside from comedy, Stephen went on to become a talented actor, winning a Golden Globe for his lead performance in the 1997 film Wilde. He also starred in Gosford Park (2001), The Hobbit (2013) and Alice Through the Looking Glass (2016). Millions of Harry Potter fans will also recognise Stephen as the narrator for all the audiobooks, as well as portraying the Cheshire Cat in Alice in Wonderland. Stephen is also known for his work in theatre; he adapted Me and My Girl for the West End where it ran for eight years and received two Laurence Olivier Awards. After it transferred to Broadway, he received a Tony Award nomination. DON'T MISS...Hairdresser shares most ‘elegant and youthful’ cut for ‘any age’ [COMMENT]March 2023 horoscope reading for all star signs - what’s in store [GUIDE]Two-ingredient breakfast bagel recipe that takes just 10 minutes [RECIPE] In 2012 he played Malvolio in the Twelfth Night at Shakespeare's Globe where the production was then taken to West End before transferring to Broadway where he received a Tony Award nomination for Best Featured Actor. When he’s not acting or writing comedic scripts, Stephen is writing books, and to date, he’s published 17 books. Stephen has also presented several TV shows over the years; he hosted BBC Two’s QI for 13 years, and he described it as “one of the best jobs on television”. Another long-term presenting gig Stephen had was the BAFTAs, which he hosted for 12 years before quitting after the 2017 ceremony. READ MORE: Makeup technique that distracts attention from forehead wrinkles More recently, he has written and starred in several documentaries, including his Emmy Award-winning Stephen Fry: The Secret Life of the Manic Depressive. This year, it was announced Stephen would be presenting the reboot of the quiz show Jeopardy! Speaking about the show, Stephen said: “In the United States, Jeopardy! is a phenomenon like no other. “Whenever I’m in America, I do my damnedest to catch it every weekday. The idea of hosting it here in the UK makes me dizzy with delight. “Such a dedicated quizzing nation as ours will, I hope, welcome this uniquely beguiling and endlessly rewarding game.” In 2015, Stephen married comedian and writer Elliott Spencer. Three years later, Stephen revealed he had spent two months battling prostate cancer. He underwent a life-saving operation in January 2018 and is now cancer-free. At the time, Stephen shared a 12-minute video on his Twitter account with the caption: “For the last two months I’ve been in the throes of a rather unwelcome and unexpected adventure. “I’m sorry I haven’t felt able to talk about it till now, but here I am explaining what has been going on."