Toto Wolff has stressed it was “far too early” to talk about Mercedes' 2024 driver line-up as Lewis Hamilton’s contract talks continue. The seven-time champion is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal at the Silver Arrows with his current deal ending after the 2023 season. Wolff made the remarks when pushed on whether team bosses were looking at other drivers in case Hamilton walked away. He told Sky Sports: "I think it's not the point to talk about the driver situation in 2024. That is far too early. "We need all to all push in the same directions, the drivers, the engineers, all of us management. Rather than like what I said, throwing in the towel, we're not doing that. We never have done that and we will not be doing that." The comments come after British F1 world champions Jenson Button and Damon Hill claimed Hamilton was hesitating on signing a deal until he saw how quick the new Mercedes W14 would be. Button told The Telegraph that Hamilton was “wondering how competitive” the team would be before agreeing to terms. READ MORE: George Russell gives up on F1 world title already after Bahrain GP Hill suggested the Mercedes star would be “less minded” to agree to a new deal if the car lacked performance. He also questioned whether Hamilton would remain in F1 just to “pick off podium places”. Last week, Sky Sports F1 host Simon Lazenby told Express Sport that he “wouldn't rule out” Hamilton leaving Mercedes for another team if it gave him a chance of winning an eighth crown. Hamilton denied the allegations and insisted the remarks were “rumours without facts”. The F1 icon also confirmed he would still remain at the German manufacturer regardless of how they perform in 2023. Wolff also cooled speculation, adding: “The Lewis situation, you heard him on the radio. I think he's an integral part of the team, picking the team up and we're all sticking together and I don't think that's going to change just because we had a start...that was really bad. DON'T MISSGeorge Russell's throwaway Lewis Hamilton comment hints at main issue [INSIGHT]Christian Horner gives Lewis Hamilton title view after Mercedes issues [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton branded a 'kiss a**' after Toto Wolff confession [COMMENT] "We won eight constructor championships and we won six driver championships with him. That relationship holds. I think it would be much too easy to lose a driver and then just throw in the white towel. “We're not doing that. On the contrary, we just need to really dig deep and deeper than we've ever done, and provide both drivers a car that they're actually able to fight with. You almost feel for them."