Liverpool have been urged to make three signings over the summer in order to help the club regain its stance as title contenders. The Reds impressed over the weekend, beating Manchester United 7-0, though their underwhelming start to the season means that the only silverware that they could lift this season is the Champions League. Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah each scored a brace at Anfield in their emphatic win, with Roberto Firmino coming off of the bench to cap off a fine display by Jurgen Klopp’s side. Liverpool supporters will be questioning where that level of grit, confidence and quality has been all season, with the club sitting in fifth in the Premier League and 21 points adrift of table-topping Arsenal. The Reds will be keen to bounce back next season, with the catalyst for their revival being a busy summer. Steve McManaman believes that his former side should make at least three signings when the transfer window opens, addressing their lack of quality in several key areas on the pitch and recurring injury woes. He told Betfair: “They’ve brought Darwin Núñez and Cody Gakpo in, so in the forward positions they seem to be fine. They have six players up front, depending on whether Roberto Firmino signs a new contract or not. “In the midfield, they’re going to need to bring in a couple of new additions. Naby Keïta’s contract is expiring, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain’s contract is expiring, so that area will definitely need strengthening. Stefan Bajčetić, Harvey Elliott, Fábio Carvalho and Curtis Jones are there, but they’re still not at the heights of a Champions League-winning side because they’re still fairly inexperienced. “I can see two midfielders and one defender coming in this summer and that’s only because of the injuries that Liverpool have faced in those areas in recent times. It’s something they’re going to have to study to see if it’s a widespread problem because we’ve had Joe Gomez, Virgil van Dijk, Ibrahima Konate and Joël Matip out at times this year, so that’s an area where you might have to bring somebody in. “I don’t know if it’s because of the World Cup or it’s due to some players having a truncated season, but it’s something that Liverpool are going to have to look at.” Liverpool’s key issues largely lie in the centre of the park, with Klopp keen to replace some of his fringe stars with top-quality additions. Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham and Wolves’ Matheus Nunes are amongst those admired at Anfield, with funds set to be invested in that area of the squad.