Footage has emerged of a young Alina Kabaeva saying her “lover”, believed to be Vladimir Putin, was her “ideal and great man”. The retired gymnast is known to many as the “Russian tsarist” over significant rumours she has been in a relationship with Vladimir Putin long before he was divorced in 2013. In an interview from 15 years ago, Kabaeva was seen smiling and giggling as she admitted she had a “boyfriend”.    The pair have never acknowledged a relationship, but are reported to have at least two children together. She was interviewed on TV by schoolchildren in 2008, in what is widely regardd as a potential relationship between the two of them. At the time, she was just 24-years-old, while Putin, now 70, was 55. Asked if she had met her “ideal man”, she giggled and said: “I have”. Her young audience asked her: “You said you had a boyfriend? Why aren’t you in a rush to marry him, are you afraid of happiness? Who is he?”    “So you’ve managed to ask this question, well done you,” she laughed. “As for being scared of happiness, sometimes I am so happy I am scared to be that happy. Of course there are some concerns…” “And who [is he]?”, another asked. “A man, a very good man, a great man,” she replied. “I love him very much.” She later revealed her last gift to her secret love interest was “an Alaska coat, a coat with fur, very beautiful”. Putin was soon seen wearing a coat of similar description. READ MORE: Bakhmut - very little gain for terrible losses on Russian side [REVEAL]   She also announced her boyfriend was a married man - Putin was, at the time, married to former air stewardess Lyudmila, now 65 - adding that she thought she could not take him “away from his family”. However, she later qualified her answer. She said: “Let me comment. Life is complicated, and speaking about a married man. “If there are issues in a family and a man is looking at another woman, and is communicating with another woman and not with his wife, it means the problem has already happened, and there wouldn’t be anything good in this family.” DON'T MISS: Kremlin in crisis as Wagner Group chief threatens Putin with ultimatum [REPORT] Putin earned up to $500m from vodka still available in West - claims [CLAIM] Putin's top Chechen ally ‘seriously ill’ over fears of ‘poisoning’ [REVEAL]   Looking back, this appears to be one of the first moments the young gymnast tried to “come out” about her secret relationship with Putin. The pair are believed to live in a secret forest palace guarded by the elite FSO security service in Valdai - 250 miles north west of Moscow. Last week, further claims that the pair were together allegedly infuriated the Russian autocrat, according to Kremlin insiders. Putin, since his public divorce in 2013, has forbidden any coverage of his private life. READ NEXT: Gay Russian 'beaten in street' says war is fuelling homophobiaPutin could be out of cash within months, says oligarchPutin never been ‘so furious’ over leaks concerning his mistress Russia lose 130 tanks in 3 weeks as Ukraine wins biggest ever battlePutin condemns ‘Ukraine terrorist attack’ despite disinformation claim   