Jennifer Saunders rose to fame with her long-time friend and fellow comic Dawn French, both of whom live have settled down in south-west England. While the 64-year-old Absolutely Fabulous star spends a large portion of her time in London, Jennifer resides in a quaint spot in Devon with her husband and pet dog. Here's a look at the market town she calls home. Despite playing the role of many London-loving characters over the years, Jennifer swapped life in the British capital for the quiet countryside back in 2002. Since making the move, she has lived in the town of Chagford, Devon with her fellow comic husband, Adrian Edmonson. Speaking to the Evening Standard, she said: "We’ve lived there for many years and I love being surrounded by beautiful countryside and the sense of community that exists in a village." The idyllic spot is set amongst rolling hills with uninterrupted views of the northeast edge of Dartmoor, which the pair are often spotted exploring with their pet whippet named Olive. READ MORE: A look around the affluent London suburb where Ian Wright lives Since they got married in May 1985, Jennifer and Adrian have lived across the UK, including in Bayswater near Westminster, London. Together, the couple has three daughters and four grandchildren who often come to visit them on their Devon farm. While the comedian-turned-actress keeps the finer details of her home life largely private, she has shared a few glimpses of her rural home on social media. In one snap posted on her Instagram profile, Jennifer showed off some gorgeous ceramics she was gifted for Christmas. Don't miss... Britain’s ‘loneliest’ house gets asking price slashed by £50,000 [INSIGHT] Keep mice out homes with ‘amazing’ 80p kitchen item - ‘they hate it’ [REVEAL] Four ‘common mistakes’ to ‘avoid’ when moving home this year [LATEST] In the background of the patterned jugs, a white wall covered in framed A3-sized prints can be seen. The prints are all white with various sketches and writing on them, surrounded by thin black frames. Jennifer had decorated the art wall with white fairy lights to make for a cosy home. The space appeared to be the dining room in the countryside property which had a white tablecloth over a large table, lined with curved wooden chairs. READ MORE: 8 things to ‘avoid’ cleaning with white vinegar - ‘damages’ appliances The chic interior can be seen elsewhere in Jennifer's home, modelled by her sweet dog. In one picture, Olive is curled up on a grey sofa topper which lines the burnt-orange colour sofa. The plush velvet fabric is decorated with a bright yellow throw and cushions to match. Outside, the period home has a dated stone finish and white wooden window frames. The small windows look onto a colourful garden, which the Absolutely Fabulous star takes great pride in. Several images of the garden space show expansive flowerbeds filled with a range of pastel-pink peonies, irises, and potted bluebells. A large bed of lavender and buddleia also grow across a vast space in the corner of the outdoor space which has a small seating area to admire the greenery. While it is unknown how much the rural farm costs, detached properties in the Chagford area fetch an average price of £857,189 according to Rightmove. The Times named the town one of the "best places to live in the UK" in 2021, describing the village as "arty, environmentally minded and hospitable". 