Our Yorkshire Farm's Amanda Owen admitted that a cow had been in crisis during a difficult birth. Despite a "stressful" time and messy, blood-spattered photos to illustrate it, she insisted that all was now well. The Channel 5 star confessed she'd had to call out a vet to oversee the birth of a calf, after things didn't quite go according to plans. "Yesterday had it stressful moments, that’s for sure,"(sic) she admitted in her latest Instagram post. "Pictures of calving but as always nothing too graphic," Amanda reassured her 536,000 followers. "Holly the vet from Pendragon was on hand for a leggy calf, a fat greedy cow & a malpresentation. She was ace." READ NOW: Gary Lineker breaks silence after 'cruel' Nazi Germany migrant remark One of the photos, featuring a bloodied birth-aid utensil, left fans a little squeamish, while another exclaimed: "What? No gloves, Amanda?!" after seeing her get involved with bare hands. However, the birth was successful, leaving Amanda with yet another baby on her hands, in addition to her vast menagerie of animals and nine human children. Fans praised the "best possible outcome" and cooed: "Welcome to the world, little calf!" Other comments came from those devastated after Our Yorkshire Farm was axed by Channel 5, and anxious to know when there'd be another opportunity to see it on TV. Fortunately she subsequently won a role in a six-part series for More4, titled Extraordinary Farming Lives. Over the last few weeks, viewers have seen her travel cross-country visiting farm-leaders far and wide to discuss the challenges facing them and their businesses. In a preview, Amanda had explained: "To the outside world, it might seem like some farmers have it made, with large plots of land and expensive machinery but, as ever, the truth is much more complex. “I want to explore just what it means to be a farmer today, in a world where so much more is expected of us than ‘just’ being food providers."  She has discovered how some have felt "vilified", unsupported and abandoned in the era of coronavirus and a cost of living crisis. Amanda has also broached the subject of bleak and challenging weather conditions for those isolated on remote farms - especially those further north. The series follows her shock split from husband Clive after 22 years together, and the announcement that he and their son Reuben would be kept on by Channel 5 for their own new show. Amanda has admitted to finding the aftermath of her split "tough". She recently told the Radio Times: "If he thought I was brilliant, and I thought he was brilliant, then we wouldn’t have separated. "But, you know what?... It’s just how things are, pressures, all the rest of it.... we have nine kids, with associated friends, girlfriends, and we just have to get on with it." Amanda has previously admitted that the pair were never "romantic" with each other, and has suggested she's not the type. She also joked that daily life on the farm with him often involved sharing less than cosy tasks such as "shovelling s**t".