Lewis Hamilton has been handed a medical exemption to get around F1's jewellery ban. The Mercedes driver had risked a penalty after the Silver Arrows failed to submit a scrutineering declaration to say he would follow the rules.  An FIA statement read: "The Stewards having heard from a team representative and receiving a medical report from the team doctor of Mercedes AMG-PETRONAS F1 Team, which requested an exemption. "The Stewards consulted the FIA Medical Delegate, who viewed the medical report, examined the driver and concurred with the opinion therein. We have determined to take no further action as there are concerns about disfigurement with frequent attempts at removal of the device." Hamilton turned up with a new nose piercing ahead of last week’s pre-season test at Bahrain. Images on social media appeared to show the 38-year-old wearing the new nose stud while in the car. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc not buying Fernando Alonso comments But stewards demanded an explanation on Friday after Mercedes failed to confirm whether or not Hamilton would follow the rules around jewellery. An earlier FIA statement said: “The Mercedes-AMG PETRONAS Formula One team has not confirmed... driver Lewis Hamilton (44) in the submitted self-scrutineering sheet that he is complying with the requirement to not wear any jewellery, in the form of body piercing or metal neck chains or watches.” The Mercedes driver was one of the most outspoken against the decision last season and pushed heavily for the rule to be lifted with the Brit and the FIA often clashing over the issue. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton owns property portfolio including £50m Tom Brady condo [PICS]Lewis Hamilton's 'complete rubbish' remark will please Max Verstappen [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen makes ominous prediction in blow to Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS] He was eventually handed a personal exemption which would allow him to wear some pieces of jewellery during the opening part of 2022. But, Hamilton was forced to comply with the rules mid-season after pressure from the governing body. The F1 ace was once again called into the stewards after he was spotted wearing jewellery at the Singapore Grand Prix but was let off after submitting a doctor’s note. Last October, Hamilton explained: “I've had my jewellery and my nose stud for years. "We had that whole commotion at the beginning of the year. At the time it was soldered in so it didn't come loose. They gave me at the time, for many races... an exemption until I could find a solution. Then I went and got it taken out. It got infected because of that... and I had a blood blister. “Then I went back and had to have the blood blister fixed because there was pus and blood and stuff and then I put this in and the last two weeks it's started to heal.” It is not clear if the exemption will remain in place for the rest of the season, though Hamilton is not alone in his view on the jewellery ban. Taking to Twitter, Sky Sports F1 pundit Karun Chandhok wrote: "I don't understand how this is still going on?! If Lewis wants to wear jewellery, just let him... It's his body and life - surely his choice!"