King Charles’s response to the attacks that the Sussexes launched on the royal family, to evict them from Frogmore Cottage which is their base in Britain, has just been made known and is a pragmatic response to years of provocation. They have until after the Coronation to remove their possessions from this grace and favour home originally granted to them by the Queen. This is, without question, the final parting of the ways. This will be especially damaging to them as their contacts with Netflix, worth a reported $100million, and Spotify rely on their royal status. They could try and hit back. They have reportedly signed a four-book deal with Random House. This has been used to threaten the royal family several times, firstly with Harry’s memoir, then with rumours that Meghan might produce hers, then with Harry’s claim that Spare had been cut by half, had he produced the original 800 pages it could, he said, have been really hurtful. Most recently, there was a rumour that the paperback version of Spare could be extended. This speaks volumes about the Sussexes and the way they have been using the media to promote their brand and wage a campaign against an institution they believe is unable to hit back. Despite their use of therapy and their stated aim, which is to make the world a better place, this shows them to be both ruthless and extremely nasty. An example of this was when Harry, interviewed by Tom Bradby on ITN, withdrew the charge of racism against an unnamed member of the royal family which they had clearly made in the now notorious interview on Oprah nearly two years previously. The Sussexes, in behaving like this, were, without doubt, acting as moral arbiters. Both of them are clearly suffering from hubris. This began publicly when “the truth” and “their truth” on Oprah were believed by many to be equally acceptable. They appeared to be extremely successful in controlling the narrative since they were so unpredictable. This also made them exciting, with the Queen ailing and Charles ageing, they were the bright new future a sclerotic institution had not only rejected but, in league perhaps with some corners of the British press, had actively sought to expel. The Sussexes' most recent campaigns ended by demanding an apology from the Palace for how they were treated after they had discussions with senior royals. This would have been a perfect base to launch a future political career for Meghan, who could claim to have humbled the world’s most high-profile monarchy. They went too far. Bizarrely for a couple who placed such value on privacy, they happily displayed intimate photographs and texts to the world in the Netflix docuseries. The royals were the subject of sarcasm and the series also contained despicable attacks on the Commonwealth, to which they were once linked. Then came Harry’s memoir Spare which cast aspersions on all of the most senior royals including Camilla. The rift between the brothers was highlighted and a series of television interviews by Harry made it an extraordinary example of a family feud which was given vast worldwide media coverage. The King’s decision to evict them will have several consequences. In depriving Harry of his domicile in Britain, Harry would be unable if called upon to fulfil his duties as a Counsellor of State who could act if the monarch was incapacitated or abroad. Many in Britain will breathe a sigh of relief at that. Although this should have been automatic under the 1917 protocols established by George V, the chances of Archie and Lili being offered titles by King Charles seem negligible. The issue of security has always loomed large with Diana’s tragic death haunting Harry for his entire adult life. He currently has a case against the Home Office for removing taxpayer-funded security when he and Meghan ceased to be senior working royals and offering to pay for it, which, if accepted, would set a precedent. When, in Spare, he revealed that he had personally been responsible for the deaths of 25 Taliban insurgents, he was taking an appalling risk with the security of himself and his family. There is also the matter of the £2.4m the Sussexes spent in refurbishing Frogmore and which they refunded to the taxpayer, which the Palace has said will be handled privately. It is unhelpful for the Palace that the news of the eviction of the Sussexes from Frogmore brought news of another likely tenant, Andrew. He and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson occupy the nearby Royal Lodge, which contains 30 rooms and which needs refurbishment. When in disgrace, it is wise to downsize. Whether true or not, the remainder of the catastrophes of recent years in one news story will do the monarchy no good. This is also undoubtedly part of The King’s plans for a slimmed-down institution and to make better use of the properties it owns. It remains uncertain what the Sussexes' plan for their future but it is absolutely certain that it will exclude playing any part, other than the most peripheral in royal life. Richard Fitzwilliams is a royal commentator, film critic and public relations consultant who has given over 1,200 television interviews. He was Editor of The International Who’s Who from 1975 to 2001.