  Christian Horner has revealed he learned how to wind up competitors including Toto Wolff from former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson. Horner praised Ferguson as he “called it as he saw it” and suggested he used some of his psychological games for his own battle with Mercedes boss Wolff. It comes just a week after viewers were given an insight into a heated exchange between Horner and Wolff in the new series of Drive to Survive. Speaking to The Times, Horner said: “If he could wind a competitor up. He would do it, because it would serve his own purpose — or his team’s purpose. If a rival is offloading or losing it, you know that the people around them will be feeling it. That’s part of competitive sport.” The two team bosses were caught shouting at each other over concerns around porpoising in the new series of Drive to Survive. Horner tells Wolff to change his “f***ing” car which results in Wolff lashing out at Horner for refusing to take safety seriously. READ MORE: Verstappen on 'tough relationship' with Leclerc which saw pair clash The new episodes also show Horner passionately defending his team when they were first accused of breaking F1’s budget cap last season. He described Wolff as “talking s***” over claims the squad could break the cost cap regulations. Horner also appears angry after spotting Wolff in private talks with Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto around the allegations. However, Horner’s stance could be another trait he learned from the iconic Manchester United manager. He added: “He wasn’t everybody’s cup of tea, but he did what he believed was right and he always protected his team. He was able to reinvent teams as they progressed. I have huge respect for what he did.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton may have ruled out hopes of challenging Max Verstappen [INSIGHT]Red Bull boss Christian Horner expects 'real surprise' from F1 rivals [COMMENT]Christian Horner reignites FIA feud as Red Bull boss gets sarcastic [ANALYSIS] Horner continued: “My job and the way I see it is: I represent the 1,500 people that work in the organisation. My job is to defend that group of people and ensure that they are able to do their job unencumbered. “If you’re in this team and under my responsibility, I’ll stand up for anybody and fight their corner. Sometimes that puts you front and centre publicly and that might be with an opinion that people don’t like.” Red Bull are confident of a successful 2023 after a strong showing at pre-season testing. Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez have lit up the leaderboards in practice for the Bahrain Grand Prix but could face some stern opposition from Aston Martin. 