Kyle Walker appears to flash inside a bar while on a night out in images reportedly taken after Manchester City’s 2-0 win over Newcastle last Saturday. The England defender also appears to have kissed a woman at a Manchester venue hours after the match. In images seen by Express Sport, Walker was seen partying with a group following City’s triumph on Saturday. He reportedly spent 90 minutes inside the venue before leaving. Footage allegedly shows the 32-year-old pawing a woman in his group as she responds in a joking manner. Walker then appears to flash a member of the group. Later on, the former Tottenham right-back can be seen kissing a woman while sitting in a booth. He then looked to flash a second time in the bar before leaving the venue with a group of friends. JUST IN: Mauricio Pochettino 'ready to accept Tottenham job' if Conte quits According to The Sun, Walker’s wife Annie was not part of the group. Walker reportedly arrived at around 5.20pm and departed with friends just before 7pm. Walker married wife Annie, 30, in 2022 after proposing with a reported £250,000 ring. He is the father of four children. City’s stars were given two days off by head coach Pep Guardiola following their victory at the weekend. Walker played 90 minutes in the game, which left the club five points off Premier League leaders Arsenal. Guardiola said: “Two days off at home. I don’t want to see them, they don’t want to see me.” Don't miss... Peter Schmeichel hits back at Jamie Carragher after dressing down [LATEST] Man Utd trio could move up pecking order after Liverpool mauling [LATEST] Havertz compared to Van Persie after Chelsea clinch Dortmund win [LATEST] Walker joined City from Spurs for around £50million in 2017, at the time becoming one of the most expensive British footballers of all time. He has made 236 appearances for the club. The player has won four Premier League titles during his time at City. He has also played 73 times for England since making his international debut in 2011, featuring at two World Cups and at Euro 2020. Express Sport have contacted Walker's representatives and Man City for comment.