Horrified mother Anna Certowicz has shared her shock at driving past the location where her daughter, Sophie, along with her three friends who died, were trapped for 48 hours after a car accident. The 41-year-old has spoken about her harrowing experience driving past the site where her daughter, Sophie, and three friends were trapped in a horrific car accident for two days. Sophie had not returned home after a night out with her two best friends, and Anna had been searching frantically for her. After Rafel Jeanne-Actie, Eve Smith, Darcy Ross, Sophie Russon, and Shane Loughlin went missing on a Friday night, police found the bodies of three individuals. The group had last been seen at a nightclub in Newport, Wales, and Anna, the mother of one of the missing girls, and other relatives conducted a search for them when the police did not initiate one. Anna told the Sun: "I drove past her three times, she was 20 yards away lying there scared next to her friends who were dead.  "But I didn’t see her because of the trees and there was a dip - it’s a busy road, thousands of people must have gone past." Sophie, a trainee bank manager, suffered serious injuries as a consequence of the collision. Anna said: "She was lying there wondering if help would ever arrive. She must have thought she was going to die. It is terrifying. "It would have got light and then dark as night fell on Saturday, then she had to go through that again until she was found." Don't miss... Police thought car crash victims were 'hungover somewhere', claims mum [REVEAL] Cardiff and QPR footballer's son among those dead in car crash [LATEST] Full timeline of events in case of young people dead after night out [EXPLAINED] Anna added: "But she had head injuries so she may not have really known what was going on, at least I hope she didn’t." The Sun reports that family members have identified Eve Smith as one of those killed in the tragedy, but the authorities have not yet positively identified those who died in the crash.Anna has criticized the police for not taking the disappearance of her daughter and her mates seriously. The car they were travelling in, a VW Tiguan, was found after midnight on March 6. Anna told the Sun: "The next 48 hours are critical - she is having surgery now and we are hoping and praying. "I can’t stop thinking about how Sophie had to lie there wondering if she would ever be found." Anna contacted Gwent Police for the first time on Saturday afternoon after Sophie did not return home following a night out with two childhood friends Despite making 10 calls that day, the police repeatedly reassured her that there was no need to worry and that Sophie was likely out enjoying herself