More than half of Brits admit to feeling envious about other people’s kitchen gadgets and appliances – but are quick to keep up with the Joneses, a study has found. A poll of 2,000 adults revealed the most coveted features when it comes to kitchen design and appliance trends, with a sleek and modern design the most wanted element for 38 percent. Others are drawn to appliances that have a high-quality aesthetic and more advanced technologies. Sought-after kitchen designs include those with new, innovative technologies and features – such as fridges with ice or water dispensers (28 percent), smart air fryers (24 percent), and energy efficient ovens (19 percent). The research also shone a spotlight on the changing nature of kitchens, with 18 percent using it as a key entertaining space. Ragıp Balcıoğlu, spokesman for Beko, which commissioned the study, said: “The kitchen is often the heart of the home, providing a multi-functional space for families to dine, entertain, and relax. “It’s been interesting to find Brits value high quality, functional technology and design in their homes, and are inspired by those around them, often seeking to improve their kitchens after viewing the homes of their peers. “It’s clear to see there is an evolution occurring in style trends that make the house a home, as well as how people use and spend time in their kitchen.” The research also revealed easy-to-clean products (36 percent), smooth movements of things like door racks or drawers (21 percent), and items that blend seamlessly with the kitchen’s décor (19 percent), are considered the most impressive style points. And 75 percent like to keep installation simple and straightforward. It also emerged 44 percent find themselves envious of others' entire kitchens as a whole, rather than just a particular appliance. And 51 percent wished they had innovative technology as part of the kitchen appliances in their home. More than half think it’s important the appliances they buy are durable and built to last – with 22 percent claiming they have replaced an item within a week for a newer version. But two-thirds of those polled, via OnePoll, admitted their current kitchen is not the “dream” space they long for. Ragıp Balcığoğlu added: “Style and performance are key when it comes to kitchen appliances. Nowadays, our kitchens work harder than ever before. “They are not just places where we prepare our food, but also environments where we frequently host and entertain. “Because of this, it is essential that appliances seamlessly combine innovation, performance, and aesthetics. “There's no doubt that smart technology is playing an ever-bigger part in kitchens across the globe, with our research highlighting that consumers are actively looking for new innovation and advanced features when purchasing home appliances. “While creating your dream kitchen can be difficult, sometimes the addition of a new high-tech or better-quality appliance can make all the difference.”