JD Wetherspoon has confirmed more of its pubs could close after being put up for sale. Some pubs across the UK have already closed in recent months, and two branches shut just last weekend. The Cliftonville in George Street, Hove, and The Willow Grove in Lord Street, Southport, both closed for good last weekend, on Sunday, March 5. More pubs are expected to close in the coming weeks, according to Wetherspoon. Up to 35 sites are currently on the market, and a buyer has put in an offer for 13. If the sales go through, these branches will also shut their doors for good. Some of the pubs that saw their doors close over the past few months include The Harvest Moon in Orpington, The Alexander Bain in Wick, The Chapel an Gansblydhen in Bodmin, and the The Moon on the Square in Basildon. Others were The Coal Orchard in Taunton, The Running Horse in Doncaster Airport, and The Wild Rose in Bootle. The Edmund Halley in Lee Green has also closed, as well as The Willow Grove in Southport, The Postal Order in Worcester, The North and South Wales Bank in Wrexham, The Colombia Press in Watford, and The Thomas Leaper in Derby. Wetherspoon first placed pubs on the market back in September 2022. Last month, it was reported that 19 sites have been sold since. Throughout February, 10 pubs closed their doors across the country. DON'T MISS: Poundland to open new giant stores across the UK from Saturday  [SUPERMARKETS] Aldi customers slam 'disgusting' and 'ridiculous' policy [ALDI] Mum-of-three claims Marks and Spencer is 'cheaper than Aldi'  [SHOPPING] Following these 10 sites, dozens more may close when their sales go through. There are currently 35 properties on the market via JDW Disposals. Wetherspoon plans to sell the pubs "as a portfolio, in small packages, or individually" across a selection of "high quality" and "busy" locations. Like many businesses after the Covid pandemic, Wetherspoon has been struggling to recover from a sales decline. Sales reports from November 6, 2022, showed a decline of 1.1 percent compared to trading before the pandemic. The company announced a "commercial decision" to place several locations on the market in September 2022 following signs of a financial downturn. Last year, Wetherspoon boss Tim Martin said the company was "cautiously optimistic", despite the pressures facing the hospitality sector. He said he previously set out "various threats to the hospitality industry and these continue to apply". "Those caveats aside, in the absence of further lockdowns or restrictions, the company remains cautiously optimistic about future prospects," the Wetherspoon chairman said.