Tottenham Hotspur were the subject of mockery en masse on Wednesday night after a fan's restricted view emerged on social media. A spectator was left unhappy with his view up in the gods at Spurs' £1billion stadium for the Champions League last-16 clash against AC Milan. Tottenham hosted Milan in north London, tasked with overturning a 1-0 deficit after defeat at the San Siro in February. Antonio Conte returned to the sideline to attempt to pull his side out of their rut after a miserable week just gone. Spurs were dumped out of the FA Cup fifth round by Championship outfit Sheffield United before losing ground in the top-four race with a 1-0 defeat at Wolves. And Spurs weren't able to escape relentless jibes ahead of kick-off against Milan due to a video that surfaced on social media. User @fingaldinz posted a video a friend had sent him from the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, showcasing his view from the top tier. While the sender may have been standing up, half of the pitch was blocked by one of the stadium's huge LED screens. Read more... Mauricio Pochettino 'ready to accept Tottenham job' if Conte quits [NEWS] Not ideal when your natural instinct when your team are through on goal is to... stand up... And Tottenham have been on the wrong end of relentless mockery as a result due to a clear flaw in the club's state-of-the-art ground. @fingaldinz replied to his friend, who took his complaints to his comments: "Absolute disgrace. A billion quid stadium, and you're watching the game on a telly." @RossBatesy wrote: "Literally just watch it at home at that point." @skybluecol added: "That is a joke, right? It cost 1bn to build." @Will_Mason7 tweeted: "No point going if your that high is there really." Don't miss... Mauricio Pochettino 'ready to accept Tottenham job' if Conte quits [NEWS] Paul Merson on 'really, really tough' spell for Tottenham [EXCLUSIVE] Arsenal rejected six trialists including Ballon d'Or winner and Toure [COMMENT] The Tottenham Hotspur Stadium opened in April 2019, 12 years after the idea to knock down White Hart Lane was conceived. It boasts a 62,850 capacity and became the third largest football stadium in England after Wembley Stadium and Manchester United's Old Trafford. The stadium's major selling point is its multi-purpose function, featuring the world's first dividing, retractable football pitch so Spurs can also host NFL games, concerts and other events. However, fans who suffer the same problem as the supporter at the Milan game will understandably feel discontent that the state-of-the-art sporting venue has such a distracting flaw. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here