Global food prices and famine are intimately linked. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine sent production and transportation costs soaring, causing both price hikes in European supermarkets and shortages in Africa. Although the UN’s food price index tracker shows the situation is easing in 2023, compounding the devastating impact of the coronavirus pandemic and repeated climate disasters, the Ukraine war has led to a spike in global hunger.    The pandemic caused severe disruption to agricultural production. Locked-down populations led to labour shortages and logistical hold-ups, the consequences of which were only just being overcome in early 2022. Then, on February 24, Russia invaded Ukraine, sending oil and gas prices skyrocketing. Every stage of the food supply chain was affected. Heating greenhouses to grow salad crops across Europe quickly became unaffordable for many, while restrictions to the fertiliser market risked turning “the current food affordability crisis into a food availability crisis”, according to the UN. Not only did this also see transport costs shoot up, but the conflict itself meant exports from Ukraine – one of the world’s largest grain suppliers – were cut off. Ukraine has long been known as the “breadbasket” of Europe. According to the European Commission, the country is the source of 15 percent of the world’s corn, 13 percent of its barley, and ten percent of its wheat. Ukraine is also a dominant force in sunflower oil exports, responsible for roughly half of the global total. During the first four months of 2022, the Russian Navy prevented grain shipments from leaving Ukraine’s Black Sea ports. In July, the Black Sea Grain Initiative brokered by the UN and Turkey opened a humanitarian corridor, but export backlogs took months to reduce. As a result of all these factors, food prices soared the world over last year, with the price of cereals essential to developing countries rising the most. READ MORE: Food and drink thefts in global supply chain threaten higher prices The Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) is a core UN initiative – since 1945 its goal has been to end hunger. The FAO Food Price Index (FFPI) has kept track of the international price of a basket of food commodities for decades – combining indices of cereals, vegetable oil, meat, dairy and sugar. According to the February 2023 figures released on Friday, March 3, food today is 29.8 percent more expensive than it was between 2014 and 2016 – the FFPI reference period. This is down from a peak of just under 60 percent last March. The FAO Cereal Price Index and Vegetable Oil Price Index have been the driving forces behind this uptick, revealing just how much pressure the Ukraine war has exerted. The international cost of cereals hit 73.5 percent of the level just six years previously last May, while vegetable oils were 151.8 percent higher in March. As of February this year, they were 47.3 percent and 35.9 percent up respectively. DON'T MISS:Isabel Oakeshott—The scandal hunter behind some of biggest UK stories [INSIGHT]EU food inflation soars while UK welcomes lower prices [REVEAL]Officials 'seize confidential papers' from Sue Gray's home [BREAKING]Off-grid pensioner victim of 'discrimination' after bill help pulled [REPORT] In the West, rising prices placed significant strain on household budgets and governments incurred masses of debt to provide relief to those most in need. Food price inflation in the EU has yet to subside, hitting a record 18.4 percent this January. In the developing world, the consequences were more severe. UN figures show that African countries imported 44 percent of their wheat from Russia and Ukraine between 2018 and 2022. Of all the wheat exported by Ukraine last year under the Black Sea Grain Initiative, 65 percent of it went to developing countries. The African Development Bank (AfDB) says the continent imports roughly $75billion (£63billion) worth of cereals each year. At the height of the blockade last year, wheat prices were driven up by 60 percent – worsening already dire food insecurity. Executive director of the World Food Programme (WFP) David Beasley said at the time: “Acute hunger is soaring to unprecedented levels and the global situation just keeps on getting worse. “Conflict, the climate crisis, COVID-19 and surging food and fuel costs have created a perfect storm — and now we’ve got the war in Ukraine piling catastrophe on top of catastrophe.” Now, after a year of war, the emergency food relief agency projects 345.2 million people will be food insecure – lacking access to sufficient quantities of safe and nutritious products – in 2023. This is a rise of 200 million from 2020 levels. The 900,000 people fighting to survive in famine-like conditions is a tenfold increase from the number five years ago. After decades of historic progress combating starvation, the past few years have marked an alarming backslide. On top of the pandemic and Ukraine, crop-devastating climate shocks are becoming increasingly frequent and intense. The WFP claims it is currently “holding back famine” in Afghanistan, Ethiopia, Somalia, South Sudan and Yemen. These countries are all marred by conflict, as are 70 percent of the world’s hungry people. Conflict is still the biggest driver of hunger, with 70 percent of the world's hungry people living in areas afflicted by war and violence. On World Food Day on October 13, Mr Beasley said: “We are facing an unprecedented global food crisis and all signs suggest we have not yet seen the worst. For the last three years hunger numbers have repeatedly hit new peaks. “Let me be clear: things can and will get worse unless there is a large-scale and coordinated effort to address the root causes of this crisis. We cannot have another year of record hunger.”