The four American tourists are thought to have travelled to Mexico for tummy tuck surgery. The group were travelling in a minivan and were near the US border when their car came under fire. A video posted on social media appeared to show men with assault rifles loading the tourists into a truck. Two of the kidnapped tourists were later found dead while another was wounded in the tragic incident. The British Government issued a travel update following the kidnapping. It said: “On 4 March 2023, four American tourists were kidnapped after being shot at by armed individuals in the town of Matamoros on the US-Mexico border.” Officials involved in the case reportedly believe that the shooting and kidnapping was a case of mistaken identity. READ MORE: Travel expert explains the five foods to avoid before a flight Mexico is a popular tourist destination for Britons, with many people travelling to the country’s coastal resorts. Although the majority of visits to Mexico are trouble free, tourists do need to take some precautions when they travel. The UK Government advises: “The Mexican Government makes efforts to protect major tourist destinations like Cancun, Playa del Carmen, Cozumel, Los Cabos, Puerto Vallarta and Nuevo Vallarta. “However, since the beginning of 2021, there have been several clashes between rival criminal gangs in popular tourist destinations in Cancun and surrounding areas. Don't miss... Tourist pickpocket warning as travellers told when to ‘be careful’  [WARNING] easyJet issues holiday warning for ‘disruption’ [EASYJET] 'Perfect' UK beach named one of world's best by Tripadvisor [INSPIRATION] “Two foreign tourists were killed in Tulum, more tourists were injured during a shootout in Puerto Morelos, and most recently there was a shooting in a hotel in Playa del Carmen in locations popular with tourists. “There is currently an increased police presence in the Cancun area, including in the hotel zone. “While tourists have not been the target, anyone in the vicinity of the incident could be affected.” It advises tourists to remain in well-lit pedestrian streets if they are visiting downtown areas at night and follow local advice. READ MORE: Bali launches campaign to tackle what tourists wear Much of the violence in Mexico is related to drug crime and although tourists are not usually the target of cartels, they could be injured in the crossfire. The UK Government states: “Do not become involved with drugs of any kinds. The violence is concentrated in some areas, although few areas are totally immune. “Whilst risks are lower in tourist areas, you should take local advice and be aware of your surroundings at all times. “Use reputable tourism or transport companies, and travel during the daytime where possible.” British tourists are advised against all but essential travel to areas in the states of Chihuahua and Sinaloa. Tourists are also advised against all but essential travel to areas in Zacatecas, Colima, Tamaulipas, Guerrero and Michochan. If tourists are driving in Mexico they should avoid isolated roads and use toll roads where possible. Visit the UK Foreign Office Advice page for the latest information on Mexico holidays.