Brentford boss Thomas Frank has played down the possibility of taking over at Tottenham amid the growing uncertainty over Antonio Conte's immediate future in north London. The Italian coach will be out of contract at the end of the season and there is no sign that an extension is on the cards as things stand, while the club are yet to show a firm desire to keep him at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium beyond the expiry of his current deal. Tottenham's goalless draw against AC Milan that saw them eliminated from the Champions League on Wednesday night plunged Conte's future into even greater doubt, with his eventual departure at the end of the campaign or even beforehand now seemingly just a matter of time. Mauricio Pochettino has quickly emerged as the early favourite for the role, with Sky Sports having reported that several high-profile squad members have been pleading with the Argentine to return for a second spell in charge if Conte leaves.A number of other potential candidates have been mentioned in connection with Tottenham in recent weeks, including the likes of Roberto De Zerbi, Thomas Tuchel and Luis Enrique. Frank is also said to be under consideration for the potential vacancy after excelling at Brentford over the last few years but was quick to distance himself from the speculation when quizzed on the topic on Thursday."First, they have a manager, which is a manager I've studied for years and I admire massively," said Frank. "I think he's achieved some fantastic results. I hope he will do well, I hope Spurs do well. And secondly, I am very, very happy here at Brentford." JUST IN: Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement It remains to be seen whether Frank's head would be turned in the event of an approach from Tottenham in the near future, although his comments suggest that he would be reluctant to walk away from his ongoing project at Brentford after firmly establishing the Bees in the Premier League since their promotion two years ago.Meanwhile, it will also be interesting to see if Conte decides to leave Tottenham prior to the end of his contract in the wake of their lacklustre Champions League exit at the hands of AC Milan earlier this week. He appeared to suggest after the final whistle that his mind was already made up. But he insisted that he is prepared to wait until the season draws to a close before making a binding decision on whether or not to seek a fresh challenge elsewhere.  Don't miss... Messi and Mbappe prove success can't be bought as PSG need a rethink [LATEST] Thierry Henry and Olivier Giroud rub salt in Tottenham wounds [LATEST] Tottenham star Harry Kane admits a different loss was worse than Milan [LATEST] "This is not the right day to speak about the future, but I have a contract with Tottenham and then Tottenham know very well which is my thought and at end of season we will meet and make a decision," said Conte.“I have a great relationship with my chairman [Daniel Levy], with Fabio Paratici but it doesn’t mean I don’t tell them which is my vision you understand? Then we will see. Now we have to finish the season."I have a contract until June. I am happy to work in Tottenham but at the end we'll make a decision, but the club knows very well which is my vision, which are my thoughts about the situation." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.