Russell Westbrook has endured a nightmare season so far, and hoped to reignite his campaign after signing with the Los Angeles Clippers, however that move has also turned out to be a disaster. The 34-year-old ended his torrid 18-month stint with the LA Lakers last month and moved to the Clippers in the hope of helping the franchise win their first-ever NBA title. But after four games with his new team it appears the 2017 MVP has not become the talismanic figure the organisation were envisaging but has instead brought his Lakers’ misfortune along with him across town. Following Thursday night’s 115-91 defeat to the Golden State Warriors, the Clippers fell to a fourth straight loss that made Westbrook the unhappy recipient of an 0-14 record. That 0-14 record is currently one of the worst losing streaks in the NBA, just behind the San Antonio Spurs, who lost 16 games on the bounce. The nine-time All-Star’s unwanted run started all the way back in March last year when his then Lakers team, minus Lebron James and Anthony Davis, suffered a 121-126 defeat to the Philadelphia 76ers. The sequence also includes the Clipper’s recent historic 175-176 loss to the Sacramento King, which was the second-highest scoring game in NBA history. MUST READ: Philadelphia 76ers stars believe James Harden has reached NBA free agency decision already Clippers head coach Ty Lue said he anticipated teething issues after Westbrook’s addition but admitted that he was surprised by his team’s slump after returning from the All-Star break. “I thought it would take some time to figure out rotations and how we’d want to play,” he said post-match. “But to lose four-in-a-row, I didn’t see that coming. “We did a good job of taking care of the ball in the first half only having five turnovers, but in the third quarter we had seven alone which allowed them to get back in the game. When we turn the ball over we can’t get back,” he continued. “We’ve got to do a better job of taking care of the basketball.” Lue’s squad currently sit seventh in the Western Conference with a 33-32 record, half a game back from the Dallas Mavericks in the last guaranteed play-off spot. Key to the Warriors’ winning game plan on Thursday night was to pack the paint and leave Westbrook, who continues to shoot poorly, unguarded on the perimeter. “[Westbrook] got to the corner, we got him off the top of the floor and he got some good shouts that went in and out.” The Clippers boss added. “They had a good game plan. Those corner-threes that he got late in the shot clock - he has to take those and if not, just get to the next action. “I’ve got to look at the tape and just find different ways to try and make sure it works for us offensively.”