NBA star Steph Curry is one of the highest-earning athletes in the world, and he takes home even more than French football superstar Kylian Mbappe. That's thanks to a huge contract Curry signed with the Golden State Warriors in 2021, multiple endorsements and other projects. According to Forbes, in 2022 Curry earned $92.8m, making him the fifth-highest paid athlete in the world. Only fellow NBA star Lebron James and football players Neymar, Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo ranked above him. $45.8m of that income came from the bumper $215m contract extension he signed with the Golden State Warriors in 2021. In 2025-26, his on-court earnings will rise to just under $60m. MUST READ: Luka Doncic paid ultimate compliment with LeBron James comparison  $47m of Curry's 2022 earnings came from endorsements and off-court ventures. He signed an endorsement deal with FTX which came with an equity stake, and in 2021 he released a collection of NFTs tied to three metaverse platforms. Curry's production company, Unanimous Media, signed a deal with Comcast NBCUniversal in 2021. DON'T MISSCeltics star Tatum hails 'role model' team-mate that helped NBA riseShaquille O'Neal tells Donald Trump to 'shut the f*** up' over RihannaNBA announces new app with deepfake technology as fans staggered  Curry lives with his wife Ayesha Curry in a $31m mansion in Atherton, California. According to TheRichest, Curry owns six luxury cars, including a Porsche 911, a Porsche Panamera and a $200,000 Range Rover Sport LWB. Curry's wife, Ayesha, is an actress, cookbook author and cooking television personality. Mbappe is undoubtedly one of the most marketable athletes on the planet, but he actually earned less than half of what Curry did in 2022. Although last year he did sign a contract extension that nets him around $50m a season, his endorsements are not as valuable as Curry's. Mbappe has partnerships with brands including Nike and Hublot, while in 2021 he released a graphic novel titled 'Je m'appelle Kylian', aimed at inspiring children to chase their dreams.