Gary Lineker was once asked by the comedienne Caroline Quentin “do your farts really smell of perfume, Gary?” Well, we now know with 100 percent certainty.. they do. The question came at the climax of Arthur Smith’s brilliant play An Evening With Gary Lineker, which 30 years on, feels eerily prescient, featuring as it does Gary Lineker as a gilded deity sent down to earth from Heaven to help and guide us pitiful lesser mortals with our pointless empty lives. Today, after a weekend of sheer unabashed madness, in which the nation and wider world suffered the kind of collective mania we haven’t witnessed since the death of Diana, Princess of Wales St Gary is back on his Match Of The Day throne as various BBC bosses, TV colleagues and assorted z-list celebs prostrate themselves at his feet. Gary simply can do no wrong. In the TV version of An Evening With… Martin Clunes calls Gary the Queen Mother of football. But, if this weekend was anything to go by, bestowing mere royal status is to considerably understate the case. Indeed the Queen Mum always assiduously avoided making any political comments - possibly assuming she had no business doing so. Gary is clearly far more valuable to the nation. His role is to point out where we are going wrong, show us the error of our ways, a benign and constant presence in all our lives meting out wisdom and justice in equal measure while flogging us prawn cocktail crisps and detailing De Bruyne's dip in form. Seriously, when was the last time an off-hand comment by a celeb, a politician, or indeed anyone, stopped a nation in its tracks like this? It’s up there with Chamberlain’s  “... no such undertaking has been received …”, Blair’s “people’s princess” and Keir Starmer’s revelation that the vast majority of women don’t have a penis. Everything - the murderous war in Europe, the keeling over of US banks, the declining ability of our health service to save lives - all of it took second place this weekend to whether this former Leicester City striker turned crisp salesman had said something which may have been mildly annoying. And today the BBC, utterly, utterly predictably, fell on its sword and apologised to the millionaire presenter. Well, of course they did, he’s a celeb and celebs are never to be questioned. On anything. Ever. What wouldn’t Rishi Sunak give for power like that? Let’s break it down: Gary presents a football programme on the BBC - but he clearly delights in the sound of his own voice and the validity of his opinion on political issues. He is an inveterate tweeter, has eight gazillion Twitter followers and is thus a powerful media entity in his own right. But Gary basically said the Tories’ attempts to sort out Britain’s illegal asylum mess used the language of 1930s Germany. It doesn’t, and Lineker’s allusion is crass and heavy-handed and caused offence to those who claimed it belittled the Holocaust. But what also got up people’s noses was that Lineker - who is of course the face of BBC sport - should, one might think, abide by the BBC’s professed code of political impartiality. He clearly didn’t, so normally timid BBC bosses asked Gary to “step back” from presenting Match of the Day - triggering a positive Spartacus of the luvvies as first Gaz’s MoTD colleagues then a positive army of Z-listers formed a queue to shout “I’m Lineker!”, "no I’m Lineker!” A mere 48 hours later BBC boss Tim Davie is apologising and St Gary is entirely vindicated - not a whiff of an apology and indeed a tweet which looked for all the world like he was doubling down on his political mischief-making. What are we to conclude here? Well, the power of celebrity is now absolute. This has been apparent in politics for some time where MPs routinely cower in the face of the pejorative celeb tweet. They also use social media to inform their every political move. Shout loud on social media and you’re basically running the country. So it should be no surprise that the BBC is afflicted by the same fears - after an initially ballsy move it appeared to be going down awfully badly with the loudest voices on social media. Cue humiliating U-turn. Lineker, it seems, essentially has more clout than the BBC itself and can call the shots. Director-General of the BBC Tim Davie cravenly said: “Everyone recognises this has been a difficult period for staff, contributors, presenters and, most importantly, our audiences. I apologise for this.” And St Gary replied with the wise magnanimity of a latter-day Solomon - even us unwashed plebs got a look-in as he graciously conceded: "We remain a country of predominantly tolerant, welcoming and generous people. Thank you.” No, thank YOU Gary! Where would we be without your insight, your wit, your guidance and your charm? Oh yes, we’d have a Match of The Day with half a million more viewers…