Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's attendance at the Coronation will be the "only interesting thing about it", according to a columnist. The couple has confirmed that they received "email correspondence from His Majesty's office" regarding the occasion in May, but it is not yet known if they will attend the historic event. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Writing for the Mirror, Polly Hudson claimed that it "says everything about this occasion that the solitary talking point looks likely to be some people who aren’t there". The Coronation will take place on Saturday May 6 at Westminster Abbey, with an extra bank holiday on May 8 giving the people of the UK more time to celebrate. It comes just months after the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June and her state funeral in September, both of which were also bank holidays. However, Ms Hudson suggests that the cost of the ceremony outweighs the supposed benefits it is bringing to the country.  She adds that as one of the less popular royals Charles will struggle to attract the same level of attention that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex would. This comes as Harry and Meghan confirmed their daughter Lilibet was christened last Friday at a private ceremony at their home in Montecito, California. Charles, Camilla and the Prince and Princess of Wales were all said to have been invited but declined to attend. READ MORE: Sussexes still view themselves at heart of Firm, expert believes In their statement the Sussexes also referred to Lilibet as "Princess", suggesting their children will take on royal titles despite Harry and Meghan initially being against the idea. The family's possible attendance at the Coronation was thrown into doubt last week when it emerged that they had been asked to vacate Frogmore Cottage. The Windsor property had been their UK base since 2019, with the couple still paying rent on it even after moving to California. They are said to have accepted the decision, but concerns still remain over their security as they considered Frogmore a safe place for their family in the UK. Don't miss... Charles, William and Kate snub invite to Lilibet's christening [LATEST] Ngozi Fulani reignites Palace race row in new TV appearance [REPORT] Prince Harry and William may reunite before Coronation [SPOTLIGHT] The date of the Coronation also falls on their son Archie's fourth birthday, leading some to speculate Harry will travel to the ceremony alone while his family stay at home. If they do attend they are expected to be sat separately from Prince William and Kate, as they were at the Jubilee. Despite stepping down as working royals in 2020 Harry and Meghan have continued to attend large royal events such as the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and the Queen's funeral. Harry has also expressed his desire for a reconciliation with his family after attacking senior members of the Firm, including his father and stepmother, in his memoir Spare.