Amazon Prime Video premiered its highly-anticipated adaptation of Taylor Jenkins Reid’s 2019 novel Daisy Jones and The Six. The 10-episode series will be airing weekly on the streaming platform with the first three episodes dropped in one go to whet audiences’ appetites. Daisy Jones and The Six is set at the height of 1970s hedonism and charts the rise and fall of the titular band. The group is lead by Daisy Jones (played by Riley Keough) and Billy Dunne (Sam Claflin) as they went from obscurity to fame. But after a sold-out show in Chicago’s Soldier Field, the band called time on their music together and split up. The former band members come together 20 years later to feature on a documentary in which they address their sudden dissolution. The series also stars Camila Morrone as Camila Dunne, Will Harrison as Graham Dunne, Suki Waterhouse as Karen Sirko, Josh Whitehouse as Eddie Roundtree, Sebastian Chacon as Warren Rhodes, Nabiyah Be as Simone Jackson, and Tom Wright as Teddy Price. There’s also a guest appearance from Justified star Timothy Olyphant as Rod Reyes. Daisy Jones and The Six comes from actress Reese Witherspoon’s production company Hello Sunshine and Brad Mendelsohn for Circle of Confusion. Author Reid also serves as a producer on the show which was loosely inspired by Fleetwood Mac’s lead singers Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham. Although the show is mostly a faithful retelling of Reid’s novel, the character of Pete Loving is missing from the screen adaptation. In the novel, Pete was one of the original members of the band and played bass. Along with Pete, Chuck Loving (Jack Romano) was also part of the original line-up as a rhythm guitarist. Chuck goes off to war and dies with Pete’s brother Eddie Loving - changed in the show to Roundtree - taking over his position. But in the show, Pete has been removed entirely while Chuck decided to go to college and become a dentist, opting for a more financially stable source of income. Eddie replaces Chuck in the band but there’s no Pete at all which means there are only five members in the band. In the show, Billy’s girlfriend Camila becomes the sixth member of the group and so they become Daisy Jones and The Sixth. Addressing the tweak from page to screen, co-creator Scott Neustadter said: "When you adapt things for television, changes inevitably happen.” He went on to tell Time: "But this one didn’t stress us out too much. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [SPOILER]Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark [VIDEO]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges [VIEWER REACTION] “The Pete character serves a function in the novel, but he doesn’t have much to say, he’s not the most dramatic. “We knew if we were going to cast Pete, the actor might want more to do." By not including Pete, the writers could focus on the other characters and make sure they were as fully formed as possible. Moreover, it meant they could turn their attention to make sure Reid’s world was as vibrant as in the book. Daisy Jones & The Six airs weekly on Amazon Prime Video on Fridays