Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been mocked by US TV star Megyn Kelly after the couple refused to say if they would attend King Charles' coronation in May. Express.co.uk last month confirmed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had been added to the guest list, with news breaking this weekend that the invite had now been received. But Harry and Meghan have been keeping their cards close to their chest, showing no sign of whether or not they will make the trip. Megyn Kelly raged at the couple's conduct as she branded the royal couple "spotlight addicts" – insisting the King had been kind to extend an olive branch after their repeated attacks on the monarchy. Ms Kelly wrote on Twitter: "Look at these pathetic money-grubbing spotlight addicts. "King Charles invites them to the Coronation despite their mean-girl betrayals and it’s 'we’ll have to think about it'." She added: "As if they have something better to do, and as if they would ever miss the chance to see themselves on cam." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan could ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s Coronation The US broadcaster, who has long been a critic of the couple, was reacting to a statement from the couple's spokesperson saying Harry and Meghan would not confirm if they were planning to attend the Coronation. They told royal correspondent Roya Nikkhah: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the coronation. "An immediate decision on whether The Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." The couple were last in the UK in September, when the Queen's death had the couple stay in the country through most of the mourning period. READ MORE: Palace accused of deliberately leaking Frogmore eviction to 'distract' from King's blunder But the bitterness and strength of the accusations have rocketed since King Charles ascended the throne last September. In their Netflix documentary Harry & Meghan, the pair claimed family had offered little to no help as they supposedly struggled with public pressure. The Duke claimed Prince William's aides actively worked to undermine him and Meghan by "briefing" the press against them. And in his memoir, Prince Harry took repeated swipes at his older brother. He also levelled fierce criticism against Camilla, the Queen Consort – saying he and William had begged their father not to marry her. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews