The Wanted singer joined Loose Women Jane Moore, Coleen Nolan, Linda Robson and Kelle Bryan on Wednesday afternoon to discuss the upcoming performance. When asked why it was going to be a special dance, Siva became emotional and held back his tears as he explained the dance with partner Klabera Komini during Sunday's Dancing on Ice will be for bandmate Tom Parker. Tom Parker died in March last year after losing his battle with brain cancer, leaving behind his bandmates, wife Kelsey Parker and their two children. Coming up for the year anniversary of his death, Siva revealed he will be dedicating his performance to Tom on Sunday night. Jane asked: "This upcoming performance is going to be a tribute isn't it, tell us about that." Siva began: "I wanted to do it on Dancing on Ice, I didn't know if I was going to do it but this weekend will be a tribute to Tom. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ "We are going to do..." a picture of Tom and Siva appeared on the screen from the early days of their singing career and he admitted: "I'm getting emotional. "This weekend is going to be.... going to do Gold Forever for Tom, we're doing Gold Forever but it's Tom's version. "I can't even think straight, I'm just thinking about him and we are going to do a nice dance for him. It has been... I've been very tender this week. "Very emotional but I am going to be celebrating him, honouring his memory and also keeping the conversation going on brain cancer awareness. "This is the first of brain cancer awareness month so, it feels very fitting." Linda added: "And you have been getting some signs from Tom haven't you," to which Siva quickly revealed what they were. "Last night, I went to a Jessie J concert... I am going to get emotional again," he expressed holding his hand up trying to hold back his tears. "Went to see Jessie J, last minute and she had a surprise guest, his name is Claude Kelly and he was the writer of Gold Forever." DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed'  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [WATCH]BBC facing calls for investigation into Ken Bruce's 'insensitive' exit [LATEST] Siva went on to explain Tom was the reason he said yes to taking part in the skating competition in the first place. He admitted: "Tom was a man of action, and he always gave you a reality check. This was a big reality check, he always shared to enjoy every day like it’s your last. "He always loved to see me win. So I am sure he is watching now saying 'What an idiot but amazing'." Last Sunday, Siva and Klabera found themselves in the skate-off against former Hollyoaks actress Carley Stenson and partner Mark Hanretty. Explaining his decision, judge Ashley Banjo commented: "For me, it's about the skate-off, it's about the drama. "It's about the execution and I think one of you had a stronger week this week and so the couple I'm going to save is Siva and Klabera." While Christopher Dean said: "The skate-off is always about the do or die, and tonight there were some mistakes, so I'm saving Siva." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.