Prime Minister Rishi Sunak signed a new Brexit deal with the European Union last week to improve post-Brexit trade relations in Northern Ireland. However, a new Express.co.uk poll has shown that former Prime Minister Boris Johnson is trusted over Mr Sunak to deliver Brexit. Mr Sunak hailed the Windsor Framework he agreed on with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen as a “decisive breakthrough”. He told the House of Commons that the replacement to the Northern Ireland Protocol puts “beyond all doubt that we have now taken back control” Mr Johnson negotiated and signed the UK’s withdrawal agreement during his premiership. He admitted that the post-Brexit trade row in Northern Ireland was “all his fault” but said he had “mixed feelings” towards the Windsor Framework, warning he would find it “very difficult” to support it in the Commons vote. In his first major speech in the UK since leaving office, on Thursday, March 2, Mr Johnsonn said the new deal would act as a “drag anchor” on Brexit opportunities, adding: “This is nothing if it is not a Brexit government, and Brexit is nothing if we in this country don’t do things differently.” READ MORE: Boris's former chief whip claims he can convince ex-PM to back Sunak In a poll that ran from 9am on Monday, March 6, to 11.30am on Tuesday, March 7, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Who do you trust to really deliver Brexit?” A total of 5,405 votes were cast, with almost half of readers, 47 percent (2,524 people), answering “Boris Johnson. By comparison, just 17 percent (932 people) said “Rishi Sunak”. In addition, over a third of readers, 35 percent (1,896 people) answered “neither” and one percent (53 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on who they trust to deliver Brexit. Some readers argued that Mr Johnson was the best person to deliver Brexit, like username freckles3107, who wrote: “I trust Boris to get a better deal than Sunak.” Username Noch'n Rollmops said: “Johnson got Brexit done. Britain has left the EU, it's out.” Likewise, username figaro99 said: “Obviously Boris, he was the only politician who was prepared to act on the democratic instruction from the UK people to leave the EU.” Whereas others thought Mr Sunak should be trusted. Username rightiho remarked: “Johnson had his chance.” Username theliecatcher said: “Sunak has got a new and better deal - only slightly better but better than Johnson got nevertheless.” And username Marnai added: “Rishi has improved Boris's Brexit deal in a few months. Boris failed to improve it in two years.” Don't miss... Macron threatens longer airport chaos for British travellers  [LATEST] Brexit boost for Sunak as PM closes in on Starmer's popularity [UPDATE] Sunak’s plan for small boats could be an 'election winner' for Tories [ANALYSIS] However, many readers commented that neither men should be trusted to deliver Brexit. Username whom said: “Neither. Boris had an 80-seat majority on Brexit to drive us forward and failed to deliver. Sunak has inherited this majority but does not want to do what that majority demanded if it upsets his friends in the EU.” uername columbobacksbrexit, meanwhile, said: “One's been Prime Minister and the other is Prime Minister, and both have proved that neither will deliver a true Brexit, so the answer to the question is neither.” Username parliamentisapunchandjudyshow wrote: “Boris had almost three years to do something with Brexit and did virtually nothing. Rishi comes back with a deal, pretending that it shall complete Brexit but when examined it does nothing of the kind. In my mind, they are both EU stooges.” Another, username Caerdydd, said: “We do not have Brexit what we have is BRINO [Brexit in name only] and partition, thanks to Boris and Sunak.” And username NorthernGeezer said: “Neither has delivered the Brexit 17.4 million of us voted for.” Meanwhile, username prynne commented: “Brexit has been and gone. We aren’t in the EU anymore. It’s all about trade deals now.” Other readers shared their thoughts on other candidates they trusted to deliver Brexit, like username LoveJaguars, who said: “Only Nigel Farage can deliver the Brexit we voted for.” And username stevedon99 said: “The only man I would trust to show the best of Brexit would be Richard Tice.”