The Duke of York, 63, currently lives on Royal Lodge on King Charles' Windsor estate - a home he has shared with his former wife, Sarah Ferguson, since 2003. However, the Prince will not be able to live in the property for much longer because it is damp and needs a new roof. Royal Lodge has required its fair share of repairs over the years - Andrew spent £7.5million on refurbishment costs when he moved in in 2003, and the property is estimated to be worth around £30million. It boasts 30 rooms and 21 secluded areas, as well as a huge garden with spectacular rhododendrons. Inside, a gothic drawing room occupies the heart of the house, according to the Telegraph. There is a grand saloon with sage green panelling, soaring ceilings, oil painting depicting the surrounding park, and a huge Persian carpet. READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my oven racks In one of the corridors is a sword which is tied to an amusing story – according to Prince Andrew, Princess Beatrice accidentally cut Ed Sheeran's face with the ornament while pretending to knight the singer James Blunt. There is also a study, where Princess Elizabeth and her father, King George VI, were photographed inside in 1942. But Prince Andrew may not be able to enjoy these pleasantries for much longer. The property desperately needs repairs, but the Duke does not have the budget to carry this out due to losing his annual funding from the King. He was offered the opportunity to move to Frogmore Cottage, a stone's throw away from his current home, but he rejected it. This was following the news that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are being evicted from the property. DON'T MISS:‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [INSIGHT]Gardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [TIPS]Five houseplants to ’never’ give tap water to - ‘damages’ them [EXPERT] Andrew is expected to be kicked out of Royal Lodge by the summer due to severe damp issues. An insider told the Sun: "Royal Lodge is in a terrible state and it is falling down. "Millions were spent when Andrew moved in but that was 20 years ago. Barely any work has gone on for two decades and people are shocked when they visit. "There is a serious issue with damp that needs to be rectified and that isn’t cheap on a house of that size. It also needs a new roof." "Not only does Andrew not have the finances to bring the home up to scratch, it would be uninhabitable when the work is being carried out." Andrew was given a 75-year lease on Royal Lodge in 2002, following the death of the Queen Mother, who lived there before him. Since moving into the 30-room mansion in 2003, Andrew has shared the space with his former wife, Sarah, and their children Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice. When the sisters moved out, Andrew and Sarah reportedly continued to live in the property, despite splitting in 1992 and divorcing four years later. The Duchess of York has always described her relationship with her husband as amicable. They are the "happiest divorced couple in the world", according to her.  Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, royal author Penny Junor has called the relationship "utterly bizarre". She told the Guardian: "She [Sarah] has not just stood silently by his side. She actually speaks out in favour of him." When Andrew leaves Royal Lodge by the summer, the property will be reverted to the Crown Estate and Charles will decide what to do with it. It is not yet known if it will be refurbished to welcome another resident.