Formula 1 ace George Russell will embark on another global tour in search of stardom this season, which gets underway on Sunday with the Bahrain Grand Prix. And the Mercedes driver will have more than just Lewis Hamilton as a partner in the hopes of reining in Red Bull. That's after Russell has frequently been spotted with girlfriend Carmen Montero Mundt on his arm during race weekends over the past couple of years. The duo started dating in 2020 and have since become a regular sight together at public events such as including red carpets and NBA matches. The two also feature regularly in one another's social media profiles, with Mundt recently writing a gushy tribute for her beau on his 25th birthday. Uploading a picture of the pair in front of a sunny backdrop, she posted on Instagram that she was "so lucky to share life" with the former Williams prospect. It's understood Russell and Mundt started dating in 2020, the timing of which might have frustrated F1 rival Nyck de Vries somewhat. That's after his fellow Mercedes academy graduate had been dating De Vries' sister, Seychelle, until late 2019. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton told to boycott F1 as Jeremy Corbyn signs open letter to FIA boss  The two met in 2017 when Russell and Dutchman De Vries were still up-and-coming talents in the lower echelons of motorsport. The former was at the time en route to his one and only title in the GP3 Series, while 28-year-old De Vries was foraging his own path in Formula 2. It's unknown what caused the collapse of Russell's relationship with Seychelle, though it didn't appear to take the Briton long to move on in his romantic life. Mundt, an investment relations associate for financial planning firm Ruffer, first came onto the scene in 2020 and has since become a regular sighting at races. The loved-up pair were more recently seen looking dapper at the London premiere of Avatar: The Way of Water during Russell's off-season. And the Silver Arrows star will hope for smooth sailing in the upcoming campaign after sealing his maiden win in Brazil last year.    Mercedes endured a nightmare season in which that Sao Paulo triumph was the team's only victory, with Hamilton going winless for the first time in his career. That saw the emerging Russell finish ahead of his veteran team-mate in the standings, though both will be out to improve considerably in the new W14 design. As one of the most successful teams on the grid, it's not unusual for Mercedes drivers to have a target on their backs in any given season. However, De Vries' move to F1 means there may be one rival in particular with added impetus to overcome Mercedes' new star, with the 28-year-old set to make his debut as part of AlphaTauri's new-look line-up in Bahrain. Russell will have motivation of his own to impress if Mundt takes up her usual place trackside, however. Having teamed up to great effect last season, the Merc marvel heads into the 2023 hoping his blossoming romance yields further good fortune this year.