A person in Florida has died after contracting a very rare "brain-eating" infection from washing their nose in unboiled tap water, health experts reported. The infection swells and eventually rots the brain and will usually result in death, officials warn. The Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) told Fox 4 that the person became infected by Naegleria fowleri after rinsing their nose in tap water. Naegleria fowleri is a single-celled living organism that lives in soil and warm freshwater, such as lakes, rivers, and hot springs, according to the CDC. It typically infects people when water containing the amoeba enters the body through the nose. State officials stressed that a person cannot contract the infection through drinking tap water.  After becoming infected, the patient died on February 20. In a statement, the CDC said: "The adult patient reportedly performed nasal rinsing daily with unboiled tap water, which is thought to be the source of the infection." It is the first case of the deadly infection so far this year and the first ever to be reported in the winter months in the US, the department said. The person lived in Florida, but it has not been revealed whereabouts in the state they lived. READ MORE: Putin's botched PR stunt which left an endangered tiger dead However, a case in Charlotte County, in the southwestern part of the state, was reported last week. But health officials would not confirm to Fox 4 whether it was the same case in which the Florida resident died. In a press release, the Florida Department of Health said: "DOH-Charlotte, as part of a multi-agency response, is continuing to investigate how this infection occurred and is working with the local public utilities to identify any potential link and make any necessary corrective actions." The brain-eating amoeba is said to infect only around three people per year but those cases are usually fatal, the health agency said.  Florida is among the states that have suffered the largest burden of brain-eating amoeba cases, with 37 of around 160 recorded in the US there. The amoeba causes a disease called primary amoebic meningoencephalitis and initial symptoms include headache, vomiting, nausea and cognitive issues. It causes severe swelling, and eventually rotting, of the brain and spinal cord. There is no known cure for the deadly infection. Following the recent death, Florida health officials advised people not to let water go up their noses while showering or washing their faces and if they use a sinus rinse solution to only use distilled or sterile water. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews