New research from South Western Railways has found the UK’s best rated flower gardens. The team looked at Tripadvisor reviews to find the UK’s favourite places for flower spotting. READ MORE: Top-rated RV park in the US is 'absolutely a must stay' Bodnant Garden in Conwy in Wales topped the list of best flower gardens in the UK with almost 2,000 five star Tripadvisor reviews. A tourist wrote on the review platform: “Wow. Even in the very early spring, these gardens are worth a visit. “The splashes of new life spring up everywhere. The trees are amazing, the walk round is so scenic with something to catch the eye at every step.” Located in the foothills of Snowdonia, Bodnant Garden National Trust encompasses 80 acres of incredible landscapes. The 80 acre garden has shrub borders, meadows and woods as well as a valley of water gardens and giant trees. During spring, tourists can see displays of seasonal flowers such as daffodils, magnolias and rhododendrons. RHS Garden Harlow Carr in North Yorkshire was the UK’s second best-rated flower garden with a Tripadvisor score of 4.5 out of five. The beautiful gardens in Harrogate are one of the region’s top rated tourist attractions and a tranquil place to admire wildflowers. READ MORE: Cruise guest complains as passenger breaks ship rules Trentham Gardens in Staffordshire took third place on the list and had over 2,300 five star reviews on Tripadvisor. With an ancient woodland and award winning gardens, the Trentham estate is a stunning location for a spring walk. Famous as the childhood home of the unfortunate former Queen, Anne Boleyn, Hever Castle is now home to award winning gardens. The estate’s gardens are particularly attractive in spring when daffodils carpet the grounds with yellow. Calli Ward, head of marketing at South Western Railway, said: “As a country renowned for its beautiful private and public gardens, there’s a vast array of flower gardens up and down the country to visit. “It’s no wonder the great British love for gardens goes beyond our own backyard, we’re spoilt for choice with so many places open to the public. “During your visit, look out for bluebells, rhododendrons, magnolia, and wisteria, to name a few flowers that bloom in spring. “Plenty of gardens are also dog friendly and let you bring your own picnic, so you can really make a day of it with everyone in the family.”