Liverpool hero Steve McManaman believes that his former side are the ‘perfect’ destination for sought-after star Jude Bellingham. The midfielder is expected to leave Borussia Dortmund at the end of the season, with clubs queuing up to open talks with the playmaker. It is no secret that the Reds are long-term admirers of the England international and have made him their top target for when the summer transfer window opens. Jurgen Klopp is desperate to bring in reinforcements in the centre of the park and acquiring one of the best midfielders in the world would be a step in the right direction for the Anfield outfit. Liverpool have struggled so far this season, with the club paying the price for their lack of investment in key departments and retaining confidence in ageing stars. Thus, an overhaul could be on the horizon, with several veteran players expected to be replaced and other fringe players set to be offloaded. However, Klopp could struggle to persuade top talents to make the move to Merseyside to rejuvenate his ranks if his side fails to qualify for the Champions League, with the Reds currently sitting in sixth in the Premier League. Though McManaman has told Betfred that Bellingham should still join Liverpool, regardless of which European competition the club are competing in. He explained: “I’m not necessarily confident or believe that Liverpool’s the best destination for Jude because I don’t know the kid. I think what we can say is that he’s a huge admirer of Liverpool and Liverpool is a huge admirer of him. “I don’t believe where Liverpool are at the moment in the table is an issue at all for Jude because they’ll continue to climb once they sort their problems out and they get their men back. The main issue is finances and what Borussia Dortmund want and what Jude wants. “Real Madrid have got greater finances than Liverpool, but it depends on whether Jude wants to make a return to England or he wants to continue plying his trade abroad. If it comes down to Real Madrid and Liverpool and the main factor is the money that Borussia Dortmund want, then I don’t know what’s going to happen but either club would be a brilliant move for him. "If he does want to come back to England, then, of course, Liverpool is a perfect team for him as they’ll build the team around him and he’ll be the new instant star, but he also would want to play in the Champions League next season wouldn’t he?” It remains to be seen how Bellingham’s saga unfolds, with Manchester City and Chelsea also holding an interest in the ex-Birmingham City star. Dortmund will play a key role in how the player’s next move, especially given that they would like to retain his services and have their No 22 pen a bumper long-term deal at the Signal Iduna Park.