James Nesbitt, 58, briefly split from Katy Gleadhill two years ago when she wanted a baby before she turned 40. The actress then conceived with the help of a good friend, according to reports, and gave birth to a daughter last year. James, who has two adult daughters with his ex-wife, is said to have rekindled his relationship with Katy, 40, and has fully committed to being a father again. A source told The Sun: “James is an amazing guy. “Being with Katy is what matters to him and he understands the baby is part of that. “Most men probably think their nappy-changing days are behind them by 58. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's exit from ‘ageist’ BBC is ‘disgraceful’, says James Whale “He’s getting stuck in again. “It’s definitely a very modern set-up but everyone is happy and that’s all that matters.” Express.co.uk has contacted a representative of James’ for comment. James was married for 22 years to actress Sonia Forbes-Adams before they split. They stayed married for three years before divorcing in 2016. Sonia is perhaps best known for playing Maryon Yorck in the 1996 film, Witness Against Hitler. She is also the daughter of Reverend Sir Timothy Forbes Adam, who died in 2019. The former couple first met in 1989, when James went to the final call-back for Hamlet at Loughborough Hall, and soon began dating. Don't miss... Vanessa Feltz admits faking orgasms before split from cheating ex Ben [LATEST] Kerry Katona's daughter DJ, 8, rushed to hospital after she collapsed  [LATEST] Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [LATEST] The pair briefly split after James starred in the comedy film Hear My Song in 1991 before reuniting and later marrying. Both of James' daughters are actresses and played the daughters of Bard the Bowman in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug. Back in 2017, following his divorce, the Bloodlands actor opened up about the split in a rare interview with the Radio Times. "I certainly regret things, but I'm also aware that I can't change them," he said. "You can try to learn from it. I regret any pain that was caused." He continued: "I think separating has an impact because you look at why it happened and you see mistakes that were made. “I’m lucky enough to be able to look back at stuff and say, 'Oh well that was then, I've had a good lash at that, and this is now.'"