A new law to deport illegal migrants immediately is still weeks away from being introduced in Parliament, Suella Braverman has warned Tory MPs. The revelation has come in a series of private meetings held by the Home Secretary with warnings from Conservative backbenchers that frustration levels are "reaching boiling point". The fury has been mounting with Parliamentary business already light and leaving space for subject debates by the Labour Party. Tory MPs, particularly ones in Red Wall seats in the North and Midlands, have been questioning why hotels in their constituencies have been requisitioned to house illegal migrants who have arrived in small boats across the English Channel. An estimated 45,000 illegal migrants made the crossing last year and Conservative MPs are also angry that there is an attempt to fast-track 12,000 migration applications including people who arrived here illegally across the English Channel. Ms Braverman is understood to have been asking MPs to come in for a private chat to air their concerns and discuss the issues as she looks for a way to crack down on the problem. A source close to Ms Braverman confirmed that the legislation will take time saying: "We’re making it legally watertight and want it to be right, not rushed." On the MPs' concerns, the source added: "It has to be right. No point in introducing something that doesn’t work. I expect they’d see that as a bigger problem." But some Tory MPs are concerned that Home Office officials are "deliberately dragging the legislation out". Ms Braverman had been urged by the rightwing Common Sense Group to at least lay the legislation in Parliament before the recess in early February to push the process along. READ MORE: Tory MPs furious over 'Stop the boats' migrant bill delay by Sunak Ending the migrant crisis is one of the five pledges made by the Prime Minister at the beginning of January but there are concerns that progress isn't being made. One frustrated Tory MP said: "You know what? We don’t deserve to govern." Another said: "This issue is getting to boiling point in the Parliamentary party. It has been dragging on for years and no progress at all. "Just more so-called asylum seekers coming over with lawyers gaming the system and hotels in our constituencies requisitioned by the Home Office. "We haven't taken back control of our borders and voters are getting angry about it." Speaking about the Home Secretary MPs believe she wants to tackle the problem. One said: "Her heart is in the right place and I feel bad pushing her on issues she clearly has no movement or chooses not to move on. I knew what answers I was going to get."