A British court has just decided it does not have the power or desire to restore her removed British nationality and let her back into the country if need be for trial. What the charges at such a trial would remain another big question mark. At the moment she resides in a pretty hellish refugee camp in a Kurdish-run enclave of Syria. Removal of our citizenship in perpetuity is normally reserved for high treason or the planning and execution of terror and murder. Begum is an oddity; she has done neither. The fact is that eight years ago, at the age of 15, she and two others duped themselves into thinking that ISIS was an organisation dedicated to Islam, the one god Allah and His prophet Muhammad. She was far from the only one. In fact, it was a mid-Eastern terror organisation dedicated to the murder of non-alike thinkers. So she and her companions smuggled themselves to Europe whence they were trafficked to the Middle East. Did she join ISIS as a warrior, carry a gun and kill? No, she was used as a skivvy and sex toy by three consecutive terrorists. She had a baby by each of them, all dead in infancy. With the shattering of ISIS she ended up in the hell camp. She never fired a shot. But a British Home Secretary, on dubious advice, removed her citizenship in perpetuity. The court’s decision? She could still be a menace to us all. By any standards, that’s pretty weird. It is a fact of British law that a 15-year-old is still a child. Such a youngster cannot make a legally-binding decision, sign a legally-binding document or go before any other than a juvenile court. Freed murderers and rapists walk the streets – thanks Probation Service – but we are all supposed to tremble in our beds at the thought of the return of this not-very-bright refugee. Why? The list of candidates to succeed Nicola Sturgeon has now closed. The fact still remains that the Scottish National Party, though holding a majority at Holyrood, is in turmoil and maybe meltdown. But it is three years until the next Scottish parliamentary elections – surely time enough for the normally level-headed Scots to work out that they do pretty well inside the union that creates the United Kingdom and would be an isolated irrelevance if cast adrift by an act of self-inflicted madness. It might be worth someone checking with international bodies like the IMF, Nato, and the EU to see who would actually welcome a dirt-poor, currency-less, detached Scotland into their membership embrace. I suspect the answer is none. It would be a burden, not an asset, and no one wants another of them. Which is probably why support for unilateral Scottish secession is coming from absolutely nowhere, apart from the in-house fanatics. Another political luminary whose star seems to be falling is Emmanuel Macron, President of France. He is now just into his second five-year term in the Élysée Palace, but what a contrast with his first term. During that stint he had a commanding majority. That has gone, in the stunning results of the last election almost a year ago. With four years left of his term he is a lame duck office-holder, unable to secure the passage of a piece of legislation if his opposition in the chamber is united. That might seem a long shot, since the several parties to his left have nothing in common with the hard-Right Marine Le Pen. But to frustrate or defeat Macron even they will unite. His dejection is pretty obvious. He spends his day on self-glorifying photocalls, meeting other notables, polishing his fanatical pro-EU credentials. But politics is a cruel business. Everyone knows his impotence; they shake hands, nod understandingly and take no notice of him. Economically France flounders – that too is noticed. What can he do? Well, he could call a snap election and risk everything. Or form a coalition with one of his opponents to secure that elusive majority (a terrible humiliation), or step aside, hand over to a colleague and find a very fat slot in some international body, as so many do. But four more years of Macron? I doubt it. It is good to see the kindly Lady Susan Hussey back in favour with the Royal Family which she has served as friend and companion of the late Queen for so long. There was always something odd about the onslaught levelled against her following her questioning of Ngozi Fulani of the Sistah Space charity. Her accuser was actually born not a Nigerian at all but as Marlene Headley, a Londoner of Caribbean parentage. She changed her name and her appearance by her own choice. Lady Hussey’s “crime” was to ask “Where are you really from?” and to persist when the answers were evasive. She should simply have murmured “Fascinating” and drifted away. One cannot study 20th Century political history without getting the impression that anti-Semitism was the preserve of the extreme Right, as in the Nazis – Hitler, the SS, the Gestapo etc. It is conveniently overlooked because Stalin was our ally in the Second World War, that Soviet Communism was also viciously anti-Semitic. The two political extremes, the ultras of Left and Right, share this bigotry and always have. Unobserved by most, it deeply penetrated the British Labour Party, notably the hard-Left wing of the party. Just how deeply was exposed during the brief reign of Jeremy Corbyn who made limp attempts to expose and curtail it. Now he and his fanatical cohorts within Momentum are gone, forbidden even to stand for office under the party banner. So Luciana Berger, who quit the party because of that anti-Semitism, has returned – as may now others. There is surely a learned paper to be researched and written here – why do both extreme and ultra-political creeds, of Left and Right, share a hatred of Jews? In photocall after photocall, Vladimir Putin, the Butcher of Moscow, postures before the world’s cameras. But hang on; every seemingly “public” appearance is before a rigorously frisked and vetted audience of chosen supporters. Putin is rarely seen inside the Kremlin and when he is, a regiment of ready-to-shoot guards has scoured every hall and corridor. He resides on a private estate, a dacha in the forest outside Moscow, and the woodlands around the mansion are stiff with guards, detection devices and landmines. He no longer travels by air (planes can be shot down) or road (ambush hazard). He moves by personal armoured train, a rolling fortress, from personal station to personal station. It seems he might fear assassination. So the self-appointed censors of literature, having corrected Roald Dahl of phrases these wallies think might be offensive, have turned their attention to Ian Fleming’s creation James Bond. Surely a far bigger task awaits? To bowdlerise the Bible. Given that the Old Testament (and very largely the New Testament) was written by Jews, and given the attitude they had to enemies among the hostile tribes of Palestine, there are some quite unfriendly descriptions of their tribal foes. It’s a huge book so with luck it will take the busybodies years and the rest of us, in the meantime, would be spared their stupidity.