Graham Potter deserves an enormous share of the credit as his side delivered their best performance of his tenure as Chelsea battled past Borussia Dortmund with a 2-0 victory to book their place in the quarter-finals of the Champions League. For all the criticism Potter has been faced with, this was a night when he came up trumps and nailed his team selection as his players executed his game plan to perfection to down the Bundesliga side, who had won their last 10 matches in all competitions prior to the defeat in west London. Furthermore, this was also an evening when a number of Chelsea players turned in big performances when the pressure was on and that is something to build on heading into this weekend's Premier League clash with Leicester. But what will perhaps please Potter most is that several of his players delivered quality they have been yet to show all season, for varying reasons. It almost felt like he had a number of new signings at his disposal. Kai Havertz delivered what we know he is capable of. We have seen him deliver this level of performance before but it's not consistent enough. His display justified exactly why Potter has continued to select him, even when luck has not gone his way. Marc Cucurella and Ben Chilwell, were a different story. This was both defenders at the top of their game, working together with new-found levels of energy and chemistry. READ MORE: Chelsea boss Graham Potter issues classy response to sack question after Dortmund comeback Cucurella undoubtedly turned in his best performance in a Chelsea shirt on the left side of a back-three, battling, passing and tackling his way to the UEFA man of the match award. He provided exceptional balance in place of the ineligible Benoit Badiashile and having recently been left out of the squad, Cucurella is now set to provide Potter with a managerial headache. Chelsea look so much more vibrant and solid with a back-three and Cucurella was a huge part of that. So was Chilwell, who was a man reborn at left wing-back as he flew up and down the flank affecting the game at both ends of the pitch. Chilwell has had such a rough time with injury but he is now looking like the player Chelsea signed from Leicester in the summer of 2020. The England international looked sharp, strong and technically sound as he provided a constant outlet for the Blues. As mentioned, there was also some nice link play with Cucurella on the left side of defence and Chelsea looked to manipulate the ball up the field quickly to their forwards. Both players must now use this performance as a springboard to kick on and although there is an element of fortune required to hit the heights expected at Chelsea, they have now given supporters a refresher as to why they were signed by the club. Cucurella has had such a rough ride since arriving for £63million from Brighton last summer and some fans have questioned the signing - even booing the player in the past few months. But the curly-haired Spain international has stuck at it and is now benefiting from Potter's formation change given the left centre-back role seems to be perfect for his qualities. At times this season, Cucurella has been exposed when playing left-back in a back-four whereas the 3-4-3 system provides an extra layer of security. Meanwhile, the wing-back role is tailor-made for Chilwell, who has the engine to bomb up and down the wing and get crosses into the box for Chelsea's forwards. It's something he displayed brilliantly last night as both he and Reece James flung balls across the Borussia Dortmund penalty area. What was extra satisfying about both Cucurella and Chilwell's spirit was that they were also prepared to back each other up when there was some needle between both sets of players. Chelsea have lacked fight in recent months but on Tuesday night they displayed it in bundles as they squared off with their Bundesliga counterparts, showing the character that was required to grind out a gutsy win.