Ryan Garcia has torn into Gervonta Davis for his 'lack of professionalism' after turning up one hour and 50 minutes late for their launch press conference in New York City. The presser had to start without Davis before he appeared on the stage 20 minutes into the introductions. Garcia, who turned up for the originally scheduled 5.30pm start time, wasn’t best pleased. "Look at how he represents himself, he's not even here,” he said to the Showtime broadcast before taking to the stage. “It's been over an hour. It's unprofessional. "We've gotta rush this promotion for your little issue, so why aren't you here? Show that respect for the promotion and the event, boxing for that part. It just shows his character and integrity." When the press event eventually got underway both men squabbled over Davis' punctuality. "You're talking out of your a**," said Davis after Garcia gave his prediction for the fight. "Somebody has got to promote this I was here on time, wasn't I?" replied Garcia.    "You're supposed to be like that," fired back Davis. To which, Garcia responded: "What do you mean by that? I'm professional, you ain't." After the conclusion of the press conference, Davis went on to apologise for his lateness but didn't disclose why he was so delayed. "I'm sorry about that. I haven't even been asleep, I've been running around all day," he said. "I'd definitely like to apologise to everyone that made this happen, Al Haymon, Stephen Espinoza, even Golden Boy and Mayweather Promotions. MORE BOXING NEWS... Mayweather announces five-fight world tour despite Chalmers flop Paul responds to Fury Sr's demands after double or nothing handshake All seven excuses Paul has given for loss to Fury including wet dream  "Also the media for having them wait and stuff like that. But I don't want to make no excuses, that's all on me. I definitely need to try and better myself and make sure I prepare myself better ahead of time." Davis and Garcia square off on April 22 at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, Nevada. The fight is scheduled to take place at a 136lb catchweight with a 10lb rehydration clause on the day of the fight. Garcia, the much bigger man, recently made the switch to super-lightweight (140lb) after struggling to make the lightweight limit (135lb) in his most recent outings. Meanwhile, Davis is a natural super featherweight (126lb) but has campaigned at lightweight and super-lightweight as well.  