When it first launched, The Dyson Airwrap was unlike any other hair styling tool, and with most Dyson products, a premium price tag was attached - £479 for a basic model. More recently though, vacuum competitor Shark has created what hair and beauty fans call a dupe - the Shark FlexStyle, which is said to harness that same technology as The Dyson Airwrap and comes with five changeable attachments for auto-wrap curling, straightening, volumising, smoothing, and definition – all for £299.99. But how does the Shark FlexStyle compare to The Dyson Airwrap? I was sent both products by the brands to test them out - here’s what I thought. READ MORE: Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity The Dyson Airwrap claims to be “the only multi-styler to curl, shape and hide flyaways using the Coanda effect,” and without the use of extreme heat. As for what “the Coanda effect is”, according to Dyson, it is an “aerodynamic phenomenon” and the website explains how it works: “Air, when propelled at the right speed and pressure, naturally follows an adjacent surface, pulling in the surrounding air. “The Dyson Airwrap™ styler harnesses this phenomenon by creating a spinning vortex of air around the cylindrical shaped barrels of the tool. “The barrels attract the hair through the airflow, encouraging hair to wrap itself around the barrel and curling it through the use of the air vortex.” Don't miss... Prince Harry tried to be ‘playful’ at BetterUp summit  [VIDEO] Kate Middleton elevates her outfits from 'plain to chic' with  [STYLIST] Heinz baked beans beaten by 45p supermarket version [FOOD NEWS] READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: LookFantastic launches Beauty Egg The Shark FlexStyle is a five-in-one or multi-styler that promises “fast drying speeds” and “no heat damage”. It has a technology that measures heat 1,000 times per second for optimum temperatures. Alongside the main wand, there are five attachments; two curling barrels for each direction, a paddle brush, an oval brush, a smoother, and a diffuser for curly or wavy hair. Unlike the Dyson, you can unlock the wand and rotate it 90 degrees to turn it into a hair dryer and attach the smoother or diffuser. There are three heat settings and three speed settings, plus a separate Cool Shot button that you hold down to set styles with cold air. When it comes to curls or bouncy blow drys, the FlexStyle’s barrels also have the Coanda effect to auto-wrap hair into curls, but you have to switch the two curling barrels from ‘left’ to ‘right’ to style each side of your hair or swap the direction of curls. Both are expensive, but I felt let down by The Dyson Airwrap; maybe because of the hype around the machine and how it can create big bouncy curls, but for £479 I expected every attachment to produce exceptional results for that price. It being slightly less powerful, and the hair dryer attachment leaving hair frizzy and kinky, outweighs the cons of the Shark FlexStyle. Personally, I would take a slightly heavier machine, having to use two hands, swap curling attachments, and fiddling around with the buttons if it means a sleeker finish.