Liverpool embarrassed Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday after scoring seven unanswered goals to condemn the Red Devils to their joint-heaviest defeat of all-time. And the daughter of former Liverpool manager Roy Evans won £1,350 after putting on a bet at odds of 350/1. Ahead of the match at Anfield, Stacey Evans placed a £5 bet on Liverpool to win 6-0. She eventually cashed out her whopping winnings before full-time, with the Reds going on to win 7-0. And she took to Twitter to post a picture of her betting slip as she wrote: “What a win! GET IN RED MEN!!!! And when you cash out at all the right times.” She then added: “I literally cashed out the last one 6-0 15 seconds before it went 7-0.” After being congratulated on her earnings, Stacey then revealed she could have won even more money. “I always do big results (high odds), they haven’t come in much this season but that’s made up for it. Annoyingly I always do 7-0 but they weren’t offering that result today!! But there’s only usually one winner in the end and it’s not us (bookies will always win) x keep your money.” Read more... Tottenham mocked for £1bn stadium flaw as fan shares AC Milan view [REACTION] Stacey was raking in the cash on Sunday as she also posted a screenshot of money she had cashed out on bets for Liverpool to win the game 4-0 and 5-0. Those two bets netted her £377.71 after she cashed out, meaning her total return was a staggering £1,727.71. Stacey’s father Roy Evans was appointed Liverpool manager in January 1994 following a 20-year spell as assistant manager. He led the Merseyside giants to League Cup victory in 1995 as well as an appearance in the 1996 FA Cup final, where they lost to Manchester United. But he left the club in November 1998 following an ill-fated spell as the team’s co-manager alongside Gerard Houllier.  Don't miss... Rio Ferdinand rates Chelsea's chances of winning Champions League [QUOTES] Thiago Silva rages at Bellingham as Chelsea star's outburst caught [LATEST] Tottenham vs AC Milan kick-off delayed as Champions League disrupted [REACTION] “At this moment in time I think I still have the best record of any English manager in the Premier League, which is ridiculous because no English manager’s ever won it,” Evans said last year as he reflected on his time at Anfield. “It doesn’t do any good for me, like, because I’d rather have won the trophy, that’s the most important thing. We did okay. I was in the top four for the four seasons: third, fourth, fourth, third. But you couldn’t get in the Champions League that way as only the top two played in the Champions League in those days. We just had to take it forward and we were just short of winning the Premiership, which was disappointing.” 