Erik ten Hag could be tempted to shuffle the pack after Manchester United were humbled by Liverpool at the weekend. The Dutchman has little time to lick his wounds with a Europa League last-16 clash against Real Betis pencilled in for Thursday evening. Red Devils supporters suffered through one of their worst results in history as bitter rivals Liverpool thrashed them 7-0 at Anfield. United competed early in the game but the hosts went for the jugular in the second half, notching six goals in 41 minutes. The result came as a major shock given United's solid run of form under Ten Hag, which had earned them a first piece of major silverware in six years when they beat Newcastle at Wembley just seven days prior. While none of the United squad will have been pleased with the way things went at Anfield, Express Sport takes you through three stars who could move up the pecking order as a result of a traumatic afternoon... Don't miss... Ronaldo to be reunited with ref Messi got kicked out of World Cup [LATEST] The Swede was a steady performer for United last campaign but Ten Hag seems unconvinced, giving Elanga just five Premier League starts all season. He didn't appear at Anfield until the 85th minute on Sunday, and while he failed to pull up any trees during his brief cameo, the failings of his competition may have done him a favour. Already vying for spots out wide are Bruno Fernandes, Antony, Alejandro Garnacho and Jadon Sancho. While the latter didn't get on the pitch against Liverpool, the former trio all had torrid afternoons which may boost Elanga's chances of seeing more game time. Read more... Carragher still expects Chelsea to sack Potter after Dortmund heroics [LATEST] Tottenham may miss out on four targets due to Antonio Conte suspicions [GOSSIP] Arsenal ace Gabriel Jesus 'to travel with squad' for Sporting tie [NEWS] Many were surprised when Ten Hag opted for Diogo Dalot at right-back against Liverpool given that Wan-Bissaka has been in superb form since the World Cup. The former Crystal Palace youth prospect replaced Dalot in the Carabao Cup final and made United much more effective at the back. Competition for the starting spot on the right side of defence is already finely balanced but the pendulum surely swung towards Wan-Bissaka after Dalot's performance on Sunday, with opponent Darwin Nunez netting twice from the left flank. Perhaps in an effort to protect the player after removing him from the spotlight earlier this season, Ten Hag left Sancho untouched on the bench as Liverpool ran riot on home turf. In terms of those providing competition for minutes on the wing, Antony proved ineffective against the Reds, Fernandes was heavily criticised for his disastrous showing and Garnacho lost possession time and again after coming on. Sancho's standing in the pecking order will only improve as a result.