Express.co.uk spoke to hair experts about the best hair colour, cut, and style for middle aged women. They shared how one can look young with grey hair too, if the cut and style is right. Suzie McGill, artistic director at hair salon Rainbow Room International, told Express.co.uk how middle age “is the time to embrace the grey”. She said: “Grey has never been so on trend so if you have it, flaunt it. Ask your stylist about taking you back to your roots and using toners to keep your grey looking opulent, shiny and healthy. “Natural grey hair can lack shine, so it’s so important that if you do decide to embrace your grey, to visit your hairdresser regularly for toners to inject some shine back into your colour and keep it looking fresh and radiant.” For those who want a colour change when the grey roots start to appear, Suzie explained “there are no rules”. However, she stressed that it’s worth “avoiding going too dark or too light, as this can lead to you looking washed out”. “If you don’t want to opt for a bold or pastel hair colour, services like highlights and balayage are a great way to give hair a more youthful and fresh finish whilst adding dimension, depth and shine into the hair,” she added. Laura Elliot, head of education at Neal and Wolf salon, agreed that it’s important to avoid choosing a colour that will wash you out. She said: “When opting for a hair change, it is important to steer away from any bold colours as this can enhance ageing against older skin. Don't miss... Mary Berry shares buffet food recipes perfect for afternoon tea [RECIPE] Zara and Mike Tindall raise their kids with 'sense of freedom'  [ROYAL] Achieve Kate's 'incredibly thick' locks with 'necessary' tip  [STYLE] “Darker colours can add shadow which creates the illusion of more fine lines, use a warmer tone to add dimension to an overall dark hue. “Alternatively, hair colours that are too light could wash you out, add subtle highlights that are a little lighter than your natural hair colour if you want a brighter look.” When it comes to the best cuts for middle aged women, Suzie said: “Shorter, cropped cuts look so chic on middle aged and older ladies and are great for allowing facial features to really pop. “If you are lacking volume in your hair, a pixie cut is great for adding some volume and choppiness through the top of the hair and creating the illusion of thicker, fuller looking hair. This style is incredibly youthful and fresh and one of my personal favourites for middle aged ladies. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby “For those who aren’t willing to brave the chop so much, bobs are a huge trend for 2023 and are another flattering haircut style for middle aged ladies. “The great thing about bobs are their versatility - they can be cut a number of different ways to suit the individual. One of my favourite bob styles is the chin length, blunt cut bob. “To give this style a more contemporary appearance, I always like to style it in loose, textured waves, which give the hair body and a further trendy appearance.” Layers are another way for middle aged women to “update their look that’s not too high maintenance”, according to Suzie. She explained: “Layers can instantly change up your hairstyle and can add movement into the hair. “They also allow for much easier styling for the middle-aged woman who’s always on the go. You can simply spritz in some texture spray like a salt spray into the layers to give them added texture and body.” Steve Diligence, who owns the salon of the same name in Notting Hill, agreed with Suzie that “long layers, shoulder-length bobs, textured pixie cuts, and soft bangs” are all popular styles for middle aged women. But he stressed that the best haircut depends on one’s “facial features, hair type, and personal style”.