Police officers said they "must consider that the baby has come to serious harm" in the search for Constance Marten and Mark Gordon's missing child. They added they are searching an area of 90 square miles to try and find the baby.   Marten and Gordon remain in custody, officers said, and investigators have applied for a 36-hour extension to hold them for further questioning. Mr Basford told reporters in Brighton: "This is a hugely difficult and painstaking search operation, covering a vast area of some 90 square miles. We're using every resource we have at our disposal to find the baby." The public has been urged to remain vigilant and keep providing information to investigators. Over 200 police officers have been involved in the search, using dogs, thermal imaging cameras and drones.   Marten and Gordon were arrested in Brighton on Tuesday on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter after going missing for 53 days. The search began when their car was found on fire on the side of the M61 motorway in Bolton on January 5. Police said Marten had recently given birth. This morning officers from London Search and Rescue scoured Moulsecoomb Wild Park, around a mile from Stanmer Villas in Brighton where the couple were arrested. The officers, whose jackets indicated some were dog handlers, searched under sticks and logs close to where the area meets Hollingbury Golf Course. A uniformed officer was also seen standing at the entrance to the park. Ms Marten, 35, and Gordon - a convicted rapist and registered sex offender - were held on Monday after a member of the public saw them and called the police. While the pair were initially held on suspicion of child neglect, they were further arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter. If found guilty over a death caused by negligent behaviour, the pair could face up to 18 years in prison.  Police previously revealed that Marten's inherited wealth may have made it easier for the couple to remain at large for a long period of time. She is from a privileged background and grew up on an estate - but became estranged from her family after meeting Gordon at drama school in 2016. It is understood that the baby was alive at the time of the last previous sighting of the family in Newhaven - but little is known about their movements since then. After the pair were found on Monday, Ms Marten's estranged father Napier Marten told the Independent he felt "immense relief". However, he added this was "tempered by the very alarming news [her] baby has yet to be found". 