Beyond Paradise is back on BBC One with a second instalment featuring Ruth Madoc in one of her final TV roles. The actress died in December 2022 at the age of 79, just days after suffering a fall. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about her previous marriages. In the upcoming episode of the Death in Paradise spin-off, Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) throw themselves into work in an attempt to distract themselves from losing their baby. For Humphrey, this means investigating a mystery whereby an entire family has vanished. As for Martha, she prepares for the launch of her café but is thrown when a face from her past shows up. Ruth Madoc makes a guest appearance as Rosie Colbert, with the series having been filmed shortly before her death. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise Humphrey and Martha detail 'emotional challenges' The star's first husband was actor Philip Madoc and the pair starred together in the 1981 series The Life and Times of David Lloyd George. The couple had a son, Rhys, and a daughter, Lowri, and were married in 1961. Their marriage lasted for 20 years before they parted ways in 1981. Philip, who died in March 2012 at the age of 77, was a Welsh actor who played the U-boat captain in the Dad's Army episode The Deadly Attachment. His other notable credits include A Mind to Kill, The Avengers series and Doctor Who. The following year, she married her second husband, John Jackson and they bought a home together in Glynneath, Wales, in 2002. The couple were married until John's death in September 2021. In December 2022, Ruth was due to star in the pantomime Aladdin at the Princess Theatre, Torquay. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise boss warns viewers will be 'sobbing in cornflakes'Beyond Paradise fans fume 'don't talk like that' over accent blunderKris Marshall plays tribute to 'wonderful' Beyond Paradise co-star However, a statement posted to her Instagram account confirmed she had suffered a fall earlier in the week and was unable to appear in the production. She underwent surgery but died the following day in hospital. Ruth was best known for her role as Gladys Pugh in the BBC comedy Hi-de-Hi!, for which she received a BAFTA nomination. Her other credits include Benidorm, Stella, Doctors and Casualty. One of her last documented roles was in 2019, when she played Millie Falconer in Casualty. She was born Margaret Ruth Llewellyn Baker but was better known by her showbiz name. Her parents travelled for much of her childhood so she was brought up by her grandparents in Swansea. She later trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) in London.  Beyond Paradise airs on Fridays on BBC One at 8pm