Britons will be able to extend their night of celebration in pubs across the country until 1am on the Coronation weekend, the Home Secretary has announced. Venues across England and Wales will be allowed to continue serving customers and royal fans for an extra two hours from Friday, May 5 to Sunday, May 7 to celebrate the King's Coronation. Home Secretary Suella Braverman will extend service time from the usual 11pm to 1am to allow people to "enjoy an extra pint or two". The decision was backed by 77 percent of the public who took part in a month-long consultation. Ms Braverman will present an order to parliament on Monday, citing Section 172 of the Licensing Act 2003, which allows for extended hours to commemorate special occasions. She said: "His Majesty The King’s Coronation will be a momentous occasion deserving of special celebration. That is why I am extending the licensing hours over this historic Coronation weekend. "Up and down the country, people can enjoy an extra pint or two in the evening while families and friends can come together to wish His Majesty The King a long and happy reign." The move was praised by pubs across the country with Emma McClarkin, chief executive of the British Beer and Pub Association, branding it a "timely boost for the pub industry". She said: "In the midst of an acutely challenging period, I am sure our pubs will look to mark this joyous occasion by hosting special events and parties as part of national celebrations. "The announcement of extended opening hours will help us all to mark this important event. "I would encourage everyone to head down to their local and raise a toast to His Majesty during the coronation weekend." READ MORE: King’s olive branch to Sussexes may allow him to see grandkids During Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee, venues were also allowed to stay open until 1am from Thursday, June 2 to Saturday, June 4. King Charles III and the Queen Consort will be crowned in Westminster Abbey on Saturday, May 6. In contrast to the late Queen's ceremony, it is anticipated that the coronation will be a more intimate and contemporary event. Buckingham Palace has said it will "reflect the monarch's role today and look towards the future while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry". DON'T MISS:Camilla's relationship with Charles is 'testament' to Queen's strength [REPORT] Piers Morgan claims Charles has 'drawn a line' after kicking out Harry [REPORT] Harry and Meghan offered to stay in Buckingham Palace for UK visits [REPORT] According to sources, it will be planned to reflect various religious and faith communities in line with the King’s wish to represent the ethnic diversity of modern Britain. He will still pledge to be "Defender of the Faith" in the Coronation oath, but palace aids and church officials plan to add further words that will allow the King to recognise he serves all religious faiths. READ NEXT:Prince Harry claims King Charles 'traumatised him' by refusing hugsAndrew spotted grinning on horse as he 'refuses to leave Royal Lodge'Harry and Meghan may demand massive payout over eviction debacle Joe Biden will likely skip King Charles's Coronation Fergie cosies up with mysterious billionaire after eviction fears