Amanda Rollins is an American traveller currently living in Paris who shares her experience with different cultures on her TikTok account @americanfille. Recently, Amanda travelled to London and spoke about the things she believes the UK does better than both America and France. Amanda said her experience was only in major cities, such as London, Paris, Boston, and New York, and listed the things she thinks Britain does better than both America and France. One thing Amanda enjoyed about the UK is that Brits put the calorie content of food on all menus. She said: “When you go to the bakery to get a little croissant or little sausage roll, next to the name of the item is the calorie content on everything.” Amanda added: “It’s amazing. Especially because something that you might not think is 1,400 calories can be 1,400 calories and then you’re like ‘hmmm, do I really want to do that at 8am in the morning, maybe not, maybe I save that for dinner.’” She said: “I loved that. Why don’t we have that in France or the US? What the hell.” READ MORE: American tourists say 'tacky' Buckingham Palace is 'uninteresting' Amanda was also a massive fan of Britain’s trains and the London Underground. When describing her experience on a train, Amanda said: “I’m sorry but am I on a first-class business flight? They are all…[upholstered] with the armrests clean. It is like a luxury cart.” She added: “Also, on all the trains there are little advertisements that say like ‘if you see something, say it’ and ‘if you see a man harassing a woman step in’ like it’s just really pro protecting women and I love it. Paris needs to get on this” Amanda also said she enjoy British trains as she did not see “not one” human faeces on the train, and also did not see any rubbish on the train. She said: “They’re so clean!” Another thing Amanda was impressed by was the ability to pay for a train ticket by simply using her phone. She said: “I’ve been here for two days now, and every time we take the train, I just use my cellphone to tap in and I just tap out when I get off the train. I don’t even have to buy a ticket and it's cheaper this way…the ease, the freedom, I love it.” Don't miss... British visitors slam 'small' White House & say it's missing ‘pride' [LATEST] 'Important' reason to go to the toilet before you board a plane [REPORT] Vital hotel room toothbrush hack from flight attendant  [INSIGHT] Amanda said she enjoyed the cleanliness of London. She said: “There are trash cans every [few feet] when you’re walking down the sidewalk. London is so clean. I thought Paris was clean, girl I was dreaming.” She added: “Paris is clean compared to New York, but London is cleaner than everybody for sure.” The last thing Amanda said she enjoyed about her visit to the UK was British people's politeness “but respect for personal space.” Amanda explained: “They’re nice. They’re so nice, but you know how people say Americans are overly nice and kind of fake and a little bit annoying? I feel like London is the perfect level of nice.” She added: “[Londoners] are genuinely polite, you can have a little chat, you can have a chat with somebody but like it’s not gonna go as far as Americans would take it. You’re not treated like garbage, you’re treated respectfully but you still continue on with your business.” Amanda finished her video by saying she liked Britain, but France is where her home was. She said: “There’s a lot of great things happening in London, I’m liking it but I will never leave Paris. I will take my dog poop and rude customer service any day of the week.” In the comment section, some Brits were amazed at Amanda’s assessment of London. One woman named Helena wrote: “First time I’m hearing that London is clean.” while another user wrote: “Do we live in the same London?” However, some people appreciated Amanda’s positivity as another commentator wrote: “I’m loving the pro-London content” while somebody else said: “London is the best city in the world.” Another user named Vladimir said what they enjoyed the most about Britain. He wrote: “What I love about the UK is the traffic light colour coding on food products! So simple yet so efficient and useful!” Another person said: “Thank you for this. A lot of people in the UK just constantly run our country down. The people who do are normally the ones who never leave the UK.”