The USA Powerlifting federation must now allow transgender athletes to compete in the women's division of the sport, after losing a lawsuit and being ordered to "cease and desist from all unfair discriminatory practices” related to sexual orientation and gender identity. The federation was also instructed to reverse its policy barring transgender athletes from the sport, within the next two weeks, according to the 46-page court ruling. JayCee Cooper, a transgender powerlifter, filed a discrimination complaint with the Minnesota Department of Human Rights in 2019. Cooper then filed a lawsuit against USA Powerlifting in state court in 2021. She told KARE: "I was fed up with the way that I was being treated, I was fed up with the way that my community was being treated and enough was enough. "After years of experiencing discrimination from USA Powerlifting, and the backlash that has occurred due to that, of course I have complex feelings about the sport. "But I think that this win – [it] is a representation of where we can move forward.” The ruling, obtained by Fox News, said: "The harm is in making a person pretend to be something different, the implicit message being that who they are is less than. "That is the very essence of separation and segregation, and it is what the MHRA prohibits." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton undergoes lie detector test and admits urinating in car But USA Powerlifting is considering appealing the decision. In a statement, the federation's President Larry Maile said: "Our position has been aimed at balancing the needs of cis- and transgender women whose capacities differ significantly in purely strength sports. "We have received a summary judgment decision from the Court finding us liable for discrimination. We respectfully disagree with the Court’s conclusions. We are considering all of our options, including appeal." The decision has received a mixed-reaction from members of the public online with some championing the ruling while others claim it is "unfair".  OutKick, a multimedia sports platform, condemned the ruling, writing on Twitter: "In a loss for common sense and competitive fairness, a transgender athlete won a lawsuit over a ban on biological males competing in women’s powerlifting." Podcaster Olivia Rondeau wrote: "Say goodbye to women’s sports! We had a good run ladies." Another wrote: "It’s not fair. I fully support people and their right to be the person they want to be but not at the expense of others in competition." But one disagreed, arguing the decision is "great for trans women and women sports". Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews