As well as being an effective cleaner, white vinegar is non-toxic and is very inexpensive. However, this household staple does contain acetic acid, so while it’s ideal for certain cleaning tasks around the home, it can damage certain areas. To avoid causing any damage to house features, Sarah Dempsey of myjobquote.co.uk has shared what surfaces to “never” use white vinegar on. For those who have stone countertops, the cleaning pro urged that households should “always avoid” using white vinegar to clean these. Sarah explained: “The acid in the vinegar dulls and etches natural stone materials such as limestone and marble. It can make your surfaces lose their shine. “With other types of countertops, the vinegar can break down any sealants that have been applied, ultimately causing damage to the material underneath.” Instead, she recommended they should be cleaned simply using a cloth or sponge dipped in some mild detergent and nothing else. Some people believe that using white vinegar in the dishwasher can help to get rid of lingering odours and remove hard water film. However, Sarah revealed that “it doesn’t actually make much of a difference at all”. READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again As an alternative, she claimed that it’s better to use dishwasher cleaners as these are specially formulated to do the job of cleaning a dishwasher well. She explained: “White vinegar is ineffective at removing water spots. Plus, the acid in the vinegar can actually eat away and damage some of the rubber parts within the appliance.” Most hardwood flooring manufacturers warn against using vinegar for cleaning. Some hardwood flooring companies will even void the warranty if there are signs that vinegar has been used on them. The expert said: “Even when diluted, white vinegar can dissolve the finish that protects the wood underneath. This can leave it looking dull, cloudy, or scratched and can cause damage to the wood itself. “Instead, you should always follow the manufacturer’s instructions when cleaning your hardwood floors.” White vinegar should also be avoided on stone tile flooring. Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [EXPERT] Gardeners share what to ‘never’ do to orchids to avoid killing them [COMMENT] Five features that ‘devalue’ homes and lead to ‘lower’ buyer offers [INSIGHT] According to Sarah there are some grades of stainless steel households should avoid using white vinegar on. She said: “Tools that have exposed edges like kitchen knives are vulnerable when it comes to vinegar. Vinegar can damage the finish on the knives. It can also leave the edge pitted. “You should also keep vinegar away from certain other metals in your kitchen such as copper and aluminium. It is much better to use warm water and dish soap to clean your kitchen knives and utensils.” The glass and plastic surfaces on most small appliances such as food processors, toasters, and blenders are safe to clean with white vinegar. However, the expert warned that households should “avoid any of the rubber parts or metals” that the vinegar can cause corrosion to. This includes things like copper, aluminium, and stainless steel. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ method to remove ‘stubborn’ oil stains from driveways Sarah said: “There are various different grades of stainless steel. The lower quality versions of stainless steel are most commonly used for small appliances. These types of stainless steel are more prone to rusting, which can be brought on by acid in white vinegar. It’s always better to use dish soap if you’re in doubt.” While many people believe that running the washing machine with white vinegar in it will help to clean the appliance, not many realise that the vinegar can “actually cause damage” to the washing machine. The cleaning pro said: “Similar to the dishwasher, your washing machine contains rubber seals, hoses, and other rubber elements that can become damaged from the acid in the vinegar. This can then lead to leaks in your washing machine.” Instead, she advised using a product that is recommended by the manufacturer to ensure households don’t cause any damage to the machine. Sarah added: “Vinegar should also never be used to get rid of clothing stains or as a fabric softener for the same reasons.” Cleaning mirrors with white vinegar may seem like a good idea since vinegar is great for cleaning windows or other things made from glass. However, the expert noted that mirrors should not be cleaned with white vinegar. Sarah said: “The vinegar can penetrate through to the mirror’s backing. This is the part of the mirror that makes it shine.” Instead of using this household staple, stick to cleaning products that are suitable for mirrors and use a microfibre cloth for cleaning. Like kettles, coffee machines can be prone to a build-up of limescale, and to clean it, white vinegar is an option for those looking to descale it. However, there are some drawbacks to doing this. The expert said: “Vinegar has a penetrating odour and taste. With this in mind, it may take a great number of rinses before you stop tasting vinegar in your coffee. Some manufacturers also warn that white vinegar can cause damage to some of the inside parts of the coffee machine and using it could invalidate the warranty. “Instead, it’s much better to use a descaling solution that is recommended for coffee machines. You can purchase descaling solutions that do a great job with coffee machines. These usually use citric acid for cleaning, and won’t leave a lingering taste or odour in the machine.”