Prince Andrew feels "insulted" after the King proposed he moves to the smaller Frogmore Cottage as part of plans to cut his funds, according to royal expert Kinsey Schofield. The Duke of York was reportedly offered to relocate to the five-bedroom cottage from the larger Royal Lodge – his home since 2003. But Schofield suggested the offer would likely have been seen as a "betrayal" by the Duke. The To Di For Daily royal podcast host said Andrew could grow "resentful" after abiding by diktats over his role for years. She said: "Prince Andrew feels like this move is a downgrade. He is insulted. He feels like he’s being punished. "He is resentful. Andrew has followed advice from the palace throughout the last few years in handling his scandals. "He feels like he followed their rules and now The Firm is betraying him. He is not in a great place right now." READ THE LATEST ROYAL NEWS IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S LIVE BLOG The Duke of York announced his temporary retirement from royal duties after a disastrous interview with BBC's Panorama over his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. Buckingham Palace last year confirmed Prince Andrew had agreed to renounce his honourary military roles as well as his patronages. The decision came after Epstein accuser Virginia Giuffre lodged a civil lawsuit against the Duke. The suit has since been settled for an undisclosed amount. But Schofield suggested the decision to evict Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from Frogmore Cottage and offer the property to Andrew is part of his plan to "wrap up" royal drama ahead of his Coronation in May. READ MORE: Two Royal Family members 'appalled' by Charles's decision to evict Harry and Meghan Speaking to Fox Digital, she added: "Andrew is unhappy. This is the King trying to wrap up the Andrew and Harry drama before his Coronation. He wants to put all scandals behind him. "The King is fully supported by Camilla, the Queen consort, and the Wales family." Prince Andrew leased the Grade-II listed Royal Lodge for 75 years in 2003. The agreement dictated the Duke of York renovate the property at his own expense. He invested an estimated £7.5 million to modernise the royal residence, with the Crown Estate waving the requirement to pay rent as the amount paid to renovate exceeded the minimum £5 million required. DON'T MISS:Kate and William wise to Harry and Meghan's 'mission of destruction' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry tipped to make dramatic UK return for King's Coronation [DETAILS]Coronation chair gets a revamp as hidden detail shows past [PICTURES] Under the terms of the agreement, if the lease is terminated before the end of the 75-years contract, the property would revert back to the Crown. Andrew would also be compensated for the costs of renovating the property. News of the Duke of York's potential move also sparked speculation about Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales moving their brood to the larger Royal Lodge in the coming months. The Waleses set up their new home at Adelaide Cottage last year after living in Kensington Palace for nearly ten years. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews