Best known as the “asparamancer”, Jemima Packington has made many famous predictions with her unique fortune-telling method, including the Queen’s death and Brexit. As the spring equinox approaches, the busy month of March will see a shift from Pisces to Aries season, with plenty in store for each zodiac sign. From luck to unexpected challenges ahead, Jemima has shared her exclusive predictions ahead of spring - and one sign is “at the forefront of luck”. The asparamancer told Express.co.uk: “March is the month of the Spring or Vernal Equinox. This is the moment that the Earth reawakens after a long winter. “This affects especially the Earth Signs of Taurus, Virgo and Capricorn, and the Fire Signs of Aries, Leo and Sagittarius. “Of all the 12 signs of the zodiac, Sagittarius appears to be at the forefront of luck, while Aries and Virgo, in particular, will face many challenges in the coming months - especially connected with relationships.” After throwing her asparagus bunch in the air, Jemima cast her predictions for the lucky sign of the season, Sagittarius. READ MORE: Kate was 'tense' during last event with Archie - she looked 'awkward' For those who belong to the star sign, (born on or between November 22 to December 21), “everything is on the up” this month. She said: “It’s going to be full of success at work, at home, and pleasure.” Jemima deciphered this prediction from the position of the tips of the asparagus spears which all pointed in the same direction. The asparamancer added that this means that they are “all pointing onwards towards a bright, bright successful future”. Another thing she pointed out was that a bow and arrow-like shape had been formed to indicate that March is a “wonderful month” for Sagittarius. Don't miss... 'Some signs will fare better than others' this March, says astrologer  [LATEST] Chinese zodiac sign Pig must avoid 'misunderstandings' in 2023 [INSIGHT] Four Chinese zodiac signs are more 'attractive' than others [REVEAL] Other star signs will not fare as well this month, according to Jemima. Here are her predictions for each of the 12 zodiacs during March 2023. Aries “March will be significant in many ways. Much comings and goings in your life and meetings figure heavily. You must stay strong for those depending on you.” Taurus "March will force you to be yourself. Whatever happens, you will learn more about yourself and others by just listening and staying calm." Gemini "The hard times you've experienced during the last year are ending. The March Equinox carries you forward to better times ahead." READ MORE: Iconic astrologer Mystic Meg has died following a short illness Cancer This month the old adage “Be careful what you wish for….” is especially relevant because your wishes are within your grasp." Leo "Pick your battles carefully this month. The March Equinox signifies important changes are within your grasp. Don't blow it!" Virgo "Don’t let your bad habits get the better of you. Now is the time for turning over a new leaf. Learn from the past mistakes and you will make progress.” Libra “You are being noticed for all the right reasons. You should capitalise on this but don’t let the power of the spring equinox make you lose sight of your goals.” Scorpio “March is a month for you to admit the gaps in your knowledge so don’t be afraid to ask for help. Your honesty will endear you to people when you reach out.” Sagittarius “This is your month to flourish. A very propitious time when opportunities will abound both socially and at work. Just go for it.” Capricorn “The spring equinox will show you light at the end of that dark tunnel you’ve been forced to travel over the last year. Hold your nerve and things will work out just fine." Aquarius “You’re troubled but whatever is on your mind just stop overthinking things and a solution will present itself. Then you’ll move forward with confidence.” Pisces “Ever the pleasure seeker just try and avoid excesses this month and you’ll be pleasantly surprised at the outcome.”