A woman who works as a naked cleaner has opened up about some of the "creeps" that hire her. Lottie Rae, 32, started working as a naked cleaner in 2017 and now charges £50 an hour for her work. Lottie said she had a range of clients - from naturists to those "hoping for something more". Lottie, who describes herself as "free-spirited", claims the role has made her feel more body confident and empowering.  Lottie said: "There’s a fair few people who are creepy – a handful of the guys I clean for book cleaners on the premise they will get something else. "I’m clear I’m there just to clean but they’ll say that other cleaners have been strippers or given massages. "The money has definitely helped. I wouldn’t do it if I wasn’t being paid the financial incentive." After dabbling in side hustles like selling secondhand clothes, Lottie picked up her first job as a naked cleaner in October 2017 as a way to earn some extra cash.  Lottie, who works in her local area, says the role appeared to her as a way of earning more money while meeting new people. But while she says most of her clients are friendly, she opened up on some of the "creepy" clients that "push their luck". She said: "I’m always looking for ways to make extra money and I quite like being naked, so I thought 'okay, I’ll try it'. "The first job I was booked for I didn’t end up going. I freaked myself out after looking at the house on Google Maps and seeing it backed onto woodland and I was supposed to be there in the evening. READ MORE: Man lived with rotting corpse at home for ‘several months’  "But going forwards I thought ‘I can do this’ and started accepting jobs. I’ve met all sorts of people over the years. "One of my clients I cleaned three times altogether, and his house was the dirtiest house I’ve ever come across in my life, with dirt and grime. But when I got there he didn’t want me to clean it at all. "He wasn’t creepy or pervy, he just wanted some company. I don't even wear gloves half the time even though I know I should - if it's a really dirty house I'm a bit conscious of where I stand but usually it doesn't bother me at all. "One time a guy put porn on his TV and I had to say no. The people who are slightly creepier tend to have perfectly clean houses so it’s kind of an indicator."  She continued: "I’ve cleaned for some younger guys who seem more sociable, they’re out and about and just have disposable income and want to try something different. "Another guy I’ve worked with [for the whole six years] is a nudist, so to him, it’s right up his street. He’s already naked when I get in, we have a coffee and I play with his dog and then get to work. The clients will get naked as well – a few of them are quite nervous at first and keep their clothes on until they’re confident enough to take them off. "My friends and family know what I do, but I think they wonder why I do it. They think all these men are weird and creepy but in general, they’re nice people. "Over six years I've been in a couple of relationships and they’ve been completely cool with it, my current partner sounds with it which is refreshing knowing a lot of my friend's partners wouldn’t be okay with it." 