Jake Paul and Tommy Fury will be running back their long-awaited grudge match in the summer. Fury defeated Paul last month via split decision at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia. According to esteemed boxing insider Mike Coppinger Paul vs Fury II is being targeted for July as The Problem Child looks to activate the rematch clause in their contract. In the immediate aftermath, Paul stated that he intended to exercise his right to a second fight and looks to be doing just that. "We can run it back," Paul said in his post-fight interview. "I think we deserve that rematch." Meanwhile, Fury was keen to do it all over again as well. "This is my first main event. If he wants a rematch, bring it on," Fury added. Paul and Fury made it to the ring at the third time of asking after previously failing to get the fight over the line in December 2021 and August 2022 - much to the surprise of sceptical fans. Fury remained in relative control throughout the contest, keeping Paul at bay with a sharp jab and nimble footwork.  When Paul began to close the distance and get in on the inside of his adversary’s monster 80-inch reach, Fury smothered the American’s punches with effective clinch work. But it wasn’t all plain sailing for the Brit who had his fair share of rocky moments, particularly in the eighth round when he was sent tumbling to the canvas by a stiff jab from the American. Fury claimed he had lost his footing but it was clear the YouTube star had connected before TNT touched down. After Fury had his hand raised, Paul admitted he felt 'flat' in the ring and blamed the loss on a bout of flu and an injured arm. "I felt flat - I got sick really bad twice in this camp, injured my arm," he said. "This wasn't my best performance, but that's no excuse." MORE BOXING NEWS... Ex-Joshua coach refuses to back down from controversial comments Misfits Boxing 'disrespectful to sport' as Mayweather lumped into dig Pacquiao's manager drops Benn fight hint as date and location teased   However, Fury doesn't buy Paul's list of excuses. “I mean, it is what it is. It wouldn’t be my approach if I lost a fight,” said Fury in response to Paul’s excuses during an interview with iFL TV. “I’d say, ‘fair and square the better man won’ even if I had been ill. I don’t believe he has been ill because he wasn’t ill when he was posting all the way through on social media about how great his camp has been so I wouldn’t buy into that he got beaten fair and square last night.” No target location has been disclosed for the grudge match although it is likely they will return to Saudi Arabia given the massive success they had over in the Middle East last time out. 