In England, prescription charges are set to rise from April 1, 2023 onwards. The cost of a single prescription in England is set to rise by 30 pence. This means the charge per each medicine or appliance dispensed will jump from £9.35 to £9.65. However, there is a way people could save money, especially if they need medicines on a regular basis. Prescription pre-payment certificates, or PPCs, cover all NHS prescriptions for a set price over a certain amount of time. The NHS explains people will save money if they need more than three items in three months, or 11 items in 12 months. READ MORE: Pension option makes resurgence to offer Britons thousands But the cost of a PPC is also rising on April 1, meaning experts are urging consumers who regularly pay for a prescription, to check now to see if they can save this way. Gareth Shaw, deputy editor at MoneySavingExpert, said: “Prescription costs, including the price of a 12-month season ticket, are set to rise from April 1. “So now there's an even greater incentive to purchase an annual certificate before prices go up. "If you buy more than one prescription a month then a season ticket is a great way to save money, especially at a time when every penny counts. Don't miss... Britons could slash inheritance tax bill by helping grandchildren [ANALYSIS] UK state pension age to rise even higher than France [LATEST] My win on Premium Bonds made me think about interest rates [EXCLUSIVE] “And for those needing to buy two prescriptions a month an annual pass could save you more than £100 a year.” Recent research from Money Saving Expert showed more than a million people missed out on savings of approximately £40 in the 12 months to April last year. This was attributed to the fact they did not buy an annual certificate. Mr Shaw added: “Hopefully, the latest price rise will push people to act.” Martin Lewis, the founder of Money Saving Expert, previously offered his take on the savings people could make on prescriptions. READ MORE: Yorkshire Building Society launches new ISA savings accounts He said: “England is the only one of the four UK nations that charges for prescriptions, and so it's frustrating to hear that many people are still paying more than they need to – especially at a time when every penny counts towards bills. “My simple rule of thumb is if you get more than one prescription a month, on average these 'season tickets' are the cheapest option as they cap what you need to pay. “For a one-off payment, you get unlimited prescriptions for either three months or a year.” In Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, people can get free prescriptions universally, regardless of age or circumstance. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea This is because devolved governments take charge over their health policies. The Government has explained new charges will kick in from April 1, 2023 onwards. An inflation rate of 3.21 percent has been applied with these changes. The new charges will be as follows: Prescription charges Wigs and fabric supports