Daniil Medvedev is coming into Indian Wells on some serious form, having won three titles in three weeks across Rotterdam, Doha and Dubai. The world No 6 has never gotten beyond the fourth round at the BNP Paribas Open but will be one of the most dangerous opponents in the men’s draw this fortnight as his coach claimed Medvedev’s winning streak could continue for a “long time”. Medvedev is currently on the second-longest winning streak of his career, winning his last 14 matches in a row spanning three titles - two at ATP 500 level and one ATP 250. The 27-year-old has not lost a match since his early third-round exit at the Australian Open in January and is now full of confidence - something his coach Gilles Cervara believes could continue. The Frenchman told Tennis Majors that he believes the 18-time title winner is only getting better with every match he plays - something that could work in his favour during this month’s sunshine double. “Yeah, right now that’s it,” he said of Medvedev continuing to improve with each victory. While the former world No 1 has only made it to the last-16 in Indian Wells and the quarter-final in Miami, this could very well be the year that Medvedev makes an impact at both tournaments after feeling the “magic” of his successive title wins. “Daniil talks about it as if it’s something magical,” Cervara revealed.  Just in Emma Raducanu out of pre-Indian Wells exhibition in new setback [LATEST] With the extra confidence the Russian was gaining from his unbeaten streak, his coach thought it could continue for an extended period as he added: “So yes, the effect is magic, but the process of being confident, at this level of confidence, is a process that is built every day. When you reach this level of confidence, it has a multiplier effect. That’s also why I say it can go on for a long time.” But Cervara didn’t want him and Medvedev to be going off confidence alone, as he admitted it would be tough for the fifth seed in Indian Wells to adjust after arriving from the Middle East, with the Californian desert conditions notoriously extra tricky. “Yes, with the long trip, the time difference, you have to be careful,” he said.  Don't miss... BBC respond to claims 60-year Wimbledon tradition to be axed [NEWS] Carlos Alcaraz named alongside Haaland and Russell in new accolade [LATEST] Netflix renews tennis documentary Break Point for second season [UPDATE] “The euphoric effect of the victories and the confidence also invites us to remain precise, vigilant on the different things to do to remain at the level. Because we know that things can quickly go wrong if we rely solely on confidence.” Medvedev has received a bye to the second round in Indian Wells as one of the top seeds and awaits the winner of an all-American clash between John Isner and Brandon Nakashima. 