Specialist car group Motorfinity issued Freedom of Information requests to local councils responsible for issuing penalty charge notices (PCN) for the roads surrounding local hospitals in the years 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022. In the last year, parking permits have been slowly re-introduced for NHS workers at trusts across the country, following the pausing of charges during the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic. Across the UK, councils for the nearest five roads to the largest hospitals have accrued £3,228,025 since 2018 for parking fines, and £620,378 in 2022 alone. The London Borough of Richmond has accrued the most money in fines in the UK, for five roads surrounding Kingston Hospital - £56,444 in 2022, and £324,068 in the last five years. Bristol, Brighton, Derby and Luton councils all followed suit here too, however, Hammersmith also fared highly for Charing Cross Hospital, which accumulated over £40,000 in 2022. READ MORE: Elderly motorists offered course to brush up on driving laws To understand the full scale of this issue, experts at Motorfinity looked at the parking fines local councils have issued on five side streets closest to the 100 largest hospitals in the UK. In Nottingham, some workers at nearby hospitals told Nottinghamshire Live that they had “no choice but to park on side streets” due to being unable to get parking permits. However, one UNISON survey found that almost two-thirds of NHS workers rarely leave work on time, meaning these cheaper parking costs may not be so cheap after all. Dean Skiba, COO at Motorfinity, who has expressed concern over parking fees for frontline workers in the NHS previously, voiced that their parking fine research only further highlights the issue. DON'T MISS Electric car owners can save £600 a year despite rising bills [INSIGHT] Calls for Low Traffic Neighbourhoods and cycle lanes to be scrapped [REVEAL] Electric scooters could 'catch fire or explode' if not used properly [WARNING] Mr Skiba said: “With the rising cost of living, frontline workers are seeking ways to save on travelling costs by avoiding hospital car park tariffs and parking on side streets to seek cheaper parking costs, however, these can come with hefty fines. "Staff need to be supported as much as possible with the rising cost of living. "Couple rising inflation prices with long shifts that often run into overtime, and a stressful workload, and the parking charges are only likely to exacerbate this stress - and affect the lowest paid.” He added: “Patients and visitors are affected, too. READ MORE: New Clean Air Zone launching today to see daily charges of £50 "With appointments often running behind schedule due to overworking and understaffing, the pay and park system means that if an appointment overruns, parking fines can ensue. "It’s unfair for everyone.” The experts also conducted FOIs in all hospitals, however, the majority of them said the data they have is not site-specific due to the parking charges on hospital sites being collected by third parties. Motorfinity goes the extra mile to provide fantastic discounts on cars for frontline workers including NHS discount cars, police, fire and rescue, emergency services, military personnel (including veterans), teachers, and more.