Prince Andrew may be forced to leave the Royal Lodge on the Windsor Estate if King Charles III cuts his royal allowance. A new Express.co.uk poll has found three-quarters of readers support the Duke of York being evicted from his £30million home. Andrew stepped back from public life as a senior working royal four years ago and has since been dependent upon his annual allowance of £249,000. The King is expected to make a series of cuts to royal spending next month, including his brother’s allowance. This means that he may no longer be able to afford the upkeep and running costs of the Royal Lodge. The King has reportedly offered his brother Frogmore Cottage on the grounds of the Windsor Estate. The property is the former UK residence of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. The couple were issued with an eviction notice by Buckingham Palace, in January, after the publication of Harry’s tell-all memoir, Spare. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed on Wednesday evening that they have been “requested to vacate” Frogmore Cottage”. Andrew is said to be “resisting the idea” of moving to the smaller property. An insider told The Sun: “This eviction surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan’s time in the UK. Andrew is resisting the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage after he was offered it last week. But it shows Harry and Meghan are powerless to stop the eviction.” READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'resisting' Frogmore move as he doesn't want to downsize In a poll that ran from 3.30pm on Monday, February 27, to 10.30am on Thursday, March 2, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Prince Andrew be evicted from Windsor estate?” Overall, 5,869 votes were cast with the vast majority of readers, 75 percent, (4,392 people) answering “yes” Andrew should be evicted. Whereas 23 percent (1,366 people) said “no” he should not, and a further two percent (111 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts in a lively debate. Many readers commented in favour of Andrew moving out of the Royal Lodge and downsizing. Username Justamom said: “If you are not a full-time working royal, then you need to be moved to a lesser property.” Username Myview2day wrote: “Why should Prince Andrew be different to anyone else? He is single and his children have flown the nest. He is not tied to the area for work. He should do what everyone else does at his time of life and downsize.” Another, username domdom1 said: “Yes he's not a working royal. Just because his mother was the queen does not mean he's entitled to live the life of Riley at someone else's expense.” Username fletcher212 agreed, writing: “Don't know why a single man wants to hang on to a huge house, make sense to downsize.” DON'T MISS: Kate and William could move into Prince Andrew's Royal Lodge [LATEST]Sussexes said to be left in dark about Prince Andrew move to Frogmore [UPDATE]Charles decided to evict Sussexes '24 hours after Spare was released' [INSIGHT] Meanwhile, other readers suggested he was given a different royal property. Username Beanie70 said: “He should vacate the huge Royal Lodge in favour of a much smaller residence; plenty of them available at Windsor and other estates.” Similarly, username nantoei8ht said: “He could always downsize. Seriously why would he ever need a home so big? Common sense would be for him to hand it back and live somewhere much smaller.” And username truthalwaysprevails said: “If Prince Andrew is no longer working royal, he should leave and live somewhere else.” Andrew signed a 75-year lease on the 30-room Royal Lodge in 2003 and moved into the property the following year with his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson and two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. Some readers defended Andrew’s right to remain at the Royal Lodge, with username Foxykipper commenting: “He signed a lease and appears to have kept to the terms of that lease, why should he be evicted?” Username tomorrowwillbebetter said: “The simple truth about this is that if he is in compliance with the terms and conditions of his lease no one can kick him out! He can only be removed if he fails to observe his terms.” And username Drumadd added: “Not if he is abiding by the terms and conditions of his contract.”