Having made a name for himself in Hollywood circles, Lee J Cobb was called before the House of Un-American Activities Committee on charges of being a Communist. It was in the 1950s when Americans feared the perceived threat posed by Communists during the Cold War between the Soviet Union and the United States. Cobb decided to appear as a friendly witness in order to bring the Red Scare inquisition to a halt to preserve his glitzy career. And so Cobb entrenched his stardom by featuring in 12 Angry Men (1957), Man Of The West (1958), and Party Girl (1958). In 1966, the actor starred in the film adaptation of the play Death Of A Salesman. Death Of A Salesman was written by playwright Arthur Miller, who also penned The Crucible – a dramatisation of the 1962 Salem witch trials. Although, the Broadway play was fitting at the time, considering thousands of Americans were accused of being Communists. READ MORE: New vaccine could become key weapon in the fight against cervical cancer Moving ahead of the times, Cobb produced award-winning work, earning himself two Academy Award nominations. His time in Hollywood, however, was not to be the lengthiest of ones, as in February 1976, Cobb suffered from a fatal heart attack. Medically known as a myocardial infarction, the main cause of a heart attack is coronary heart disease. The NHS explains: "The coronary arteries (the major blood vessels that supply the heart with blood) become clogged with deposits of cholesterol. Don't miss... Heart attack 'risk calculators' could help doctors prescribe statins [INSIGHT] Walking extra steps could cut risk of heart attack and stroke by 14% [STUDY] Young girl dies in her father's arms after suddenly falling ill [CASE STUDY] "These deposits are called plaques. Before a heart attack, one of the plaques ruptures (bursts), causing a blood clot to form at the site of the rupture. "The clot may block the supply of blood to the heart, triggering a heart attack." Coronary heart disease will present itself with chest pain (angina) and breathlessness. "But some people may not have any symptoms before they're diagnosed," the health body adds. READ MORE: How much sun exposure you should be getting weekly for healthy vitamin D levels There are certain factors that increase the likelihood of developing coronary heart disease. Factors that increase the risk of coronary heart disease: If you have already been diagnosed with coronary heart disease, the condition can be "managed effectively". This will need to be "a combination of lifestyle changes, medicine and, in some cases, surgery". Lifestyle modifications include being a non-smoker, eating a healthy diet, and exercising frequently. Medication can either widen the arteries, or help to reduce blood pressure, but your doctor will discuss with you the options available. One medication typically used to treat coronary heart disease is a type of statin. Lee J Cobb starred in Man Of The West, which is playing on Tuesday, March 7 on Film 4 at 2.35pm.