A 35lb exotic cat tested positive for cocaine after fleeing police and breaking its leg. The African serval, which has since been rehomed at the Cincinnati Zoo, escaped its owner's car as police arrested the man in Oakley. The tale of the cat, nicknamed Amiry by Cincinnati Animal Care (CAC), rivals that of the latest hit film Cocaine Bear. Ray Anderson from CAC told WXIX: "We got called in to get the cat out of the tree. "[They weren’t] sure what they were dealing with. Hindsight being 20/20, it probably would have involved a whole lot more people." He added the cat was "not excited" to be removed from the tree and did not make it easier on its rescuers. Anderson continued: "In the process of getting the cat out of the tree obviously, the cat didn’t want to get out of the treeand our officers were working really hard to make sure they didn’t lose the cat in the process. The leg was broken in the process." READ MORE: Trump plans to publish private letters from Oprah in new book  The medical staff at Cincinnati Animal CARE tested the serval’s physical health and worked on his leg. They also conducted a toxicology report. Anderson noted: "It did come back positive for cocaine. "Now, we can’t say how the animal got the cocaine in the system. I don’t know if it was environmental or experimental." The Cincinnati Zoo took in the serval. A zoo spokesperson offered the following statement Tuesday: "The serval has been receiving veterinary care in our Animal Health Center since he was brought here. He’s doing well, and the next step will be for our Cat Ambassador Program team to work with him and determine if he’s a good fit to be an ambassador animal. He will likely be behind the scenes for a while." The bizarre story comes as Cocaine Bear hits cineams. The true story of how a 175lb black bear munched through $2 million worth of cocaine in 1985. Don't miss... Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [LATEST] 'I didn’t realise what we'd done to our son was bad until cops showed' [INSIGHT] 'I put my son to bed at 4:30pm and I don't need to justify myself' [ANALYSIS] Police found the bear dead near a duffle bag of cocaine that had been opened and scattered over a hillside. The parachutist, a former Kentucky narcotics investigator, had fallen to his death in a backyard in Knoxville, Tennessee. His unmanned airplane crashed into a North Carolina mountain. Back in Georgia, the bear, examiners said, had overdosed. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews