When kettles boil, limescale forms from the water which spreads around the bottom of the appliance. Unless thoroughly cleaned with white vinegar or a descaling product, it will remain in the bottom. Although this is not considered a health hazard, limescale can hinder the efficiency of a kettle as it’ll take longer to boil, and so leading to higher energy bills. The kettle is used multiple times a day in my home, whether that’s to make hot drinks, to boil water for cooking, or when cleaning. This means limescale can build-up quickly which can increase energy bills if the limescale gets thick. In fact just 3mm of limescale can consume 25 percent more energy. At a time when energy prices continue to rise, it’s never been more important to maintain kettles and ensure that they operate as efficiently as possible, reducing the overall cost of bills. While it is impossible to eliminate the possibility of limescale not forming in kettles, knowing how to remove it regularly is the way to go. READ MORE: I removed stubborn tea cup stains in minutes using a kitchen item Famed for its many cleaning uses around the homes, white vinegar comes highly recommended by experts when descaling a kettle. To start descaling my kettle, I added one cup of white vinegar and one cup of water to the kettle. Any distilled white vinegar can be used for descaling the kettle. I used the Stardrops White Vinegar Spray as I already had a bottle of it in my kitchen cupboard that I was using for other cleaning tasks. From Stardrops’ website, their spray is detailed as a “multi-purpose cleaning solution”, that is “effective on limescale”. Don't miss... Gardeners share their ‘best’ solutions to get rid of lawn moss [TIPS] Gardeners share what to ‘never’ do to orchids to avoid killing them [COMMENT] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [EXPERT] This brand of white vinegar retails for 99p in Asda. However, regular distilled white vinegar can be picked up from Tesco and Asda for 29p. White vinegar is mildly acidic, making it an extremely effective cleaner - especially when it comes to breaking down mineral deposits like those found in kettles. Next, I put the kettle on to boil and left it to cool for around 10 minutes before emptying it out in the sink. After emptying the vinegar solution into the sink, I rinsed out the kettle and put it on to boil again. This was important to eliminate the white vinegar odour. READ MORE: 29p household staple to clean ‘dirty’ hidden fridge compartment It was as easy as that and didn’t require any scrubbing or elbow grease to get rid of the limescale. As lemon juice and white vinegar both have a pH of two, so they’re equally as acidic, many recommend it as an alternative to the vinegar. However, white vinegar is the better option because it is much cheaper than lemons, easier to store, has a longer shelf life, and doesn’t leave a sticky residue. While lemon juice might smell better, when using white vinegar boiling the kettle for a second time the smell completely disappears. In order to slow down the buildup of limescale, households should avoid leaving water to sit in the kettle. Instead they should learn to heat only the amount of water they think they’ll need for each use and always empty all of the water after every use of the kettle. Using distilled water rather than tap water will help to prevent limescale. This is particularly important for those like me who live in an area with hard water. Alternatively, households can look into installing a water softener. These have a long lifespan and will result in significant savings whilst this product is effective. This is typically around 30 years.