Laura Woods left talkSPORT guest Ally McCoist in stitches on Monday morning as she shut down an aggravated Tottenham Hotspur fan during a rant aimed at Arsenal. The Gunners maintained control in the Premier League title race with a second-half comeback against AFC Bournemouth on Saturday. Thomas Partey, Ben White and Reiss Nelson completed a stunning second-half comeback after Arsenal had fallen 2-0 down after 57 minutes. It ensured Mikel Arteta's side remained five points clear of Manchester City at the Premier League summit as his former mentor Pep Guardiola continues to apply pressure. While discussing Arsenal on Monday, Woods fielded a call from Dan, a Spurs fan who came out swinging about their bitter rivals' recent fortunes. He ranted: "Do you know how cringy it is to listen to you lot, right? Bournemouth have form in this. We were 2-0 down to Bournemouth earlier in the season and came back. "And you lot are the most cringeworthy, desperate, try-hard bunch of fans I have ever heard in my life. You are the luckiest club I have ever come across in my life. "You scored in the eighth minute of the six minutes added on, and you celebrate like a kid that has just been given a packet of Percy Pigs. Honestly..." JUST IN: Football fan arrested as new footage shows teen two-footing Robertson  Tottenham endured a miserable last week, exiting the FA Cup to Championship club Sheffield United and losing ground in the top four race with a 1-0 defeat at Wolves. Spurs have lost four of their last six games in a spell where Antonio Conte has largely been in Italy recovered from gallbladder surgery. McCoist, joining Arsenal fan Woods on talkSPORT, couldn't contain his laughter as the latter hit back. "Dan, do you know what I heard there? What I heard in your wonderful rant... I heard, 'Wah wah wah wah,'" Woods replied. "I heard, 'Oh god, we lost 1-0 to Wolves at the weekend. What's the best thing I could do on a Monday morning? I can call up talkSPORT and cry about how much Arsenal fans are having a great season.' Don't miss... Man Utd stars' faces say it all as they arrive at training  [LATEST] Man City's first summer move may have leaked as Bruno hails Guardiola [LATEST] West Ham's stance on sacking Moyes after humiliating 4-0 Brighton loss [LATEST] "'We hate our manager. Our manager is a born winner, but he can't even get Spurs to win!' What's happening, Dan? Don't worry about Arsenal. Worry about yourselves." Woods made sure to deal a parting blow as she ended the call with Dan, telling him to enjoy the remainder of Spurs' 'miserable' campaign. She said: "Dan it's been lovely speaking to you, enjoy the rest of your miserable season and make sure you call up again later." Tottenham host AC Milan on Wednesday in the second leg of their Champions League last-16 clash, trailing 1-0 after losing at the San Siro. Conte will return to the dugout after Cristian Stellini's caretaker stint in a game that Spurs must win to keep their hopes of winning silverware this term alive. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here