Matt Hancock's excruciating WhatsApp messages to other MPs have revealed the former Health Secretary's desperate efforts to find an excuse after he was caught in an affair in his No10 office during lockdown. Mr Hancock was photographed in a romantic clinch with aide Gina Coladangelo, breaking the very lockdown rules he himself helped create. In the hours that followed the publication of the couple's steamy rendezvous, text messages published by the Telegraph reveal Mr Hancock's desperate attempts to find a loophole in his own lockdown rules and the constantly changing statements he planned to give to the public. Reacting to the news, Mr Hancock texted his former media advisor Damon Poole: "How bad are the pics?" When Mr Poole responded: "It a snog and heavy petting," the then-Health Secretary replied: "How the f*** did anyone photograph that?"  At first, Mr Hancock told others he had then-Prime Minister Boris Johnson's support, adding that a suggestion that he apologise for breaking social distancing guidance “is emphatically not the PM's steer”. But less than an hour later, during a Zoom meeting with the Prime Minister, he finally suggested: “I could apologise for the whole thing - I have after all cheated on my wife.”  Mr Hancock tried to rally support from MPs to save his position, and celebrated the public backing from former Foreign Secretary Lord Hague as “gold dust”. The messages suggest the former Health Secretary, in trying to manage public perception of his affair, was mainly trying to focus attention on whether any rules had been broken in the appointment of Ms Coladangelo in the first place - not the fact he had been photographed breaking the social distancing rules that at that moment were preventing millions of Britons from hugging their own family. When he finally decided to resign, he turned to George Osborne for support - who recommended he drop a part of the statement where he declared his love for Ms Coladangelo, and add in an apology to his family. The texts are part of around 100,000 WhatsApp exchanges between Mr Hancock and others that were leaked by Isabel Oakeshott, who acquired the texts when the former Health Secretary passed them to her after hiring her to ghostwrite his biography. READ MORE: Isabel Oakeshott warns Hancock she can deploy 'nuclear weapons' [REVEAL] In the messages, Mr Hancock admitted the affair began on May 4, with the cringe-inducing CCTV footage of the affair taken two days later. At the time, the UK was in Step 2 of the coronavirus regulations, and indoor gatherings "of two or more people" were criminalised. There were several exceptions to the legal ban, including that "the gathering is reasonably necessary… for work purposes or for the provision of voluntary of charitable services". While Mr Hancock was warned by a call from Victoria Newton, the editor of the Sun, that the pictures would be published, it was only after the Health Secretary saw how bad they were that his excruciating exchange with his media special advisor unfolded. After Mr Poole asked Mr Hancock: "Did you snog her in the department?" to which he responds: "Yes". The two then go back and forth establishing whether the Health Secretary could have been photographed "snogging" Ms Coladangelo on the balcony. As the pair managed their public response, Mr Hancock urged Mr Poole to tell Grant Shapps, who was due to do the morning round of broadcast interviews, to praise the Health Secretary as having done "an amazing job." Later, in a crisis management WhatsApp group with Mr Poole and Ms Coladangelo, as the three attempt to get their story straight on how much Mr Hancock had broken the rules, he says: "The worst they can do is 'kissed before legalised hugs'." Then, despite having already formed a strategy around telling the public no rules had been broke, the former Health Secretary then asked his special advisor to remind him what exactly the Government's rules were on the day he had been caught having his affair. Trying to find loopholes in the rules, Mr Hancock argued the affair was "voluntary and arguably charitable", as these were considered exceptions to social distancing rules. He and Mr Poole discussed several options. When the media special advisor suggests telling journalists that the former Health Secretary had "not broken any rules" but acknowledged breaching the social distancing guidelines and apologising, Mr Hancock responded: "This is emphatically not the PM's steer and is a very big call." It is only several hours later, during a Zoom call with Mr Johnson, that Mr Hancock suggests apologizing for the first time. Just over 41 hours after the news of the affair broke, the video announcing his resignation and end to his ministerial career was put on his Twitter account at 6.16pm.