Helen Mirren has been the recipient of a number of accolades throughout her career and is the only performer to have achieved the Triple Crown of Acting in both the US and the UK. Despite growing up in Essex, the 77-year-old has lived across the world in her many homes over the years. And with a $100million (£81.89million) net worth, her properties don't disappoint. While Helen Mirren and her director husband, Taylor Hackford own many homes across the world, the pair have called Los Angeles home for more than 30 years. Tucked away in the historic Hollywood hills, the exquisite mansion contains eight bedrooms and a staggering 11 bathrooms. The property, which is said to be worth $17million (£14,375,795 is located within six-and-a-half acres of perfectly landscaped grounds, surrounded by mature trees. With no shortage of space for the famous pair to relax, the mansion also offers plenty of privacy. READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again The house itself sits at the top of a long, winding drive that leads up to the centre of the 10,200-square-foot estate. In addition to the main home, the lot includes a guest house and a generously sized garden space tucked behind it. No expense has been spared on decorating the property, with beautiful finishes inside and out. Spacious rooms inside are lined with French doors, hardwood floors, and large fireplaces to keep the house cosy. Don't miss... Dame Helen Mirren goes from glamorous silver fox-ette to Golda-girl [STYLE] 1923's Helen Mirren teases Spencer Dutton's 'beautiful' season 2 ra... [INSIGHT] Helen Mirren details injury from 'uncomfortable' Shazam filming  [REVEAL] Inside, each room has its own unique style - though all of them stand out. In pictures published by Coldwell Banker Realty, fans could see the house at its best since being put on the market for sale. Helen and her husband have created a Scandinavian-Mediterranean fusion in one of the living areas with a blend of blue, grey, and white furnishings. Elsewhere in the property is a bar area decorated with dark tiled flooring, deep-wood panelling on the walls, and a velvet red sofa. An animal-print rug ties together the sultry feel of the room which houses a small bar adorned with warm lights and a glass backing. READ MORE: Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ According to Stephen Apelian of Coldwell Banker Realty, the agents tasked with listing the property said the couple has decided to sell the home due to spending more and more time outside of Los Angeles. Helen and Taylor snapped up the lavish estate in the 1990s though are now ready to hand it over to new owners. The historic Hollywood mansion is on the market for a lower price of $17million after initially listing it more than one year ago for $18.5million (£15.642,120). In addition to looking for a buyer, the pair has also offered it up as a rental property for a large sum of $45,000 (£38,048) per month. Other properties owned by the world-famous actress include a 19th-century townhouse in Wapping, East London. With a view of the River Thames and rooms set across four storeys, the property is expected to be worth something in the region of millions of pounds. According to Rightmove, the average property in the area has fetched £628,750 in the last year. Dame Helen and her husband also have a 16th-century holiday home set on a vineyard in Puglia, southern Italy. A fourth house owned by the actress can be found in Lake Tahoe, Nevada. The American property is tucked away in the Sierra Nevada mountain range with nature and animals all around.