Royal Mail issued a warning on March 2, 2023, regarding their International export services. Customers could be expecting significant "delays to a number of destinations" in the next week when sending or receiving packages from overseas. The Royal Mail website explained: "Delivery of international items may take slightly longer than usual. "Customers using International Tracked services may notice different tracking information as items leave the UK. "We are seeing delays to some tracking events in a small number of destinations," its website warned. "As we continue to work with our partners to resolve this, if you cannot see tracking information for your items it is likely to be available on the overseas’ posts tracking websites." READ MORE: Meghan Markle looks 'vulnerable' in public since South Park episode  Customers are advised to visit royalmail.com/sending/international/overseas-postal-tracking for more information. Some customers took to social media to share their frustration with Twitter user @leysart22 saying: "I’ve been waiting so long for these thanks to Royal Mail delays." Another one, @gary180x, explained: "Just my luck I won the Betgoodwin £250 and Royal Mail is having massive delays. "They're saying give up to March 18 for it to be delivered... that's shocking service due to the cyber incident, hopefully, I'll get it next week!"  Twitter user @iadmireureffort explained: "I have a tracked and signed International package that is stuck at PSC MILTON KEYNES since February 21. "I am concerned about your delays and need some advisement if my package will reach customs. I am in the southern part of the US and desperately need my package!" Customer @badlydrawnbears added: "Hi everyone, to anyone who has placed an order outside the UK, particularly in America. "There are still shipping delays from the Royal Mail which seem to be greatly affecting some orders. Hopefully, they will arrive soon." READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Royal Mail also announced that the International export services have now been reinstated to all destinations after six weeks. This is with the exception "of a small number of untracked contract services for business customers where alternatives are available". Royal Mail finally restarted its international parcel and letter deliveries through its branches after it was affected by a cyber-attack in January 2023. They reminded customers on social media: "On Tuesday, January 10, Royal Mail was subject to a cyber incident. As a result of this incident, sending items internationally will be affected and subject to delays." Customers can purchase postage online, through shipping solutions and over the counter at Post Office branches for international deliveries again. "Customers sending items requiring a customs declaration (such as goods or gifts) internationally are asked to purchase postage online, through shipping solutions or over the counter at Post Office branches rather than using stamps or meters. "We’re sorry for the disruption this incident is causing impacted customers," Royal Mail added.