Chelsea recruitment guru Christopher Vivell is reportedly keen on a move for Dominik Szoboszlai this summer. The Red Bull Leipzig star could arrive at Stamford Bridge as the perfect replacement for Mason Mount, who is heavily linked elsewhere due to stalled contract negotiations. The Blues are already well stocked for attacking midfielders and wingers with Mount, Christian Pulisic, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Raheem Sterling among those fighting it out for minutes. Szoboszlai can play in either role and has impressed during his time in Germany. The 22-year-old took the well-trodden path from Red Bull Salzburg to Leipzig in 2021, where he has consolidated his reputation as a set-piece specialist while notching 12 goal contributions in 21 Bundesliga games this term. Vivell, who previously headed up Leipzig's recruitment across all age groups, is a 'big fan' of Szoboszlai according to transfer expert Ben Jacobs. Don't miss... Man Utd owners the Glazers 'consider taking club off the market' [REPORT] The Hungarian international is good friends with Manchester City star Erling Haaland and they are thought to speak regularly on the phone. The pair have reportedly discussed Premier League life 'in some detail'. While Chelsea boss Graham Potter already has more options than he knows what to do with at the top end of the field, Szoboszlai's services could suddenly become useful if Mount jumps ship this summer amid frustrating contract talks. Read more... Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover U-turn, Richarlison lashes out [LATEST] Benni McCarthy said he'd KO Mourinho and played in an American gang [FEATURE] Man Utd chiefs 'have same concern' about signing De Jong or Bellingham [TRANSFERS] The England international is approaching the final 12 months of his deal at Stamford Bridge and he is thought to have turned down big money to stick around. Talks have supposedly been shelved between the club and his representatives until the summer as Chelsea look to get through a tough time on the pitch. Mount himself has been a source of disappointment this campaign with just three Premier League goals and two assists. That has not put the likes of Liverpool and Manchester United off the 24-year-old, however, as reports indicate that various top clubs are circling.  "The clock is ticking and Chelsea need to be bold regarding the business side of it," ex-Blues defender Glen Johnson told Betfred. "This whole situation regarding Mason being linked with a couple of Premier League clubs seems like a bit of a bluff tactic to me. "In 2024, if Mason’s contract does expire, then he’d probably go to a rival Premier League club on a free anyway. If he doesn’t sign a new deal, then Chelsea may as well bite the bullet and take the money for him because you’d rather sell him for £100m, than see him leave for free."