Prince Harry and Meghan’s relationship with the Royal Family is “defrosting” after it emerged they have decided to give their children the titles of prince and princess. Commentators said the move could signify a new era of royal relations - and raised hopes they will accept an invitation to cem to the King’s Coronation in May.  The couple announced on Wednesday that their 21-month-old daughter Lilibet - named after the late Queen Elizabeth - was christened last Friday and that they have decided to give their children the formal royal titles. It marks the first time the couple have referred to either of their children as either prince or princess, settling the long debate on the matter. Their son, who will turn four on the day of the Coronation, will become known as Prince Archie Harrison. Harry and Meghan also informed the King of their intentions to use the titles ahead of Wednesday’s announcement, a source said. The couple also invited the King and Queen Camilla and Prince William and Kate to the christening - another move that is being seen as a sign that relations between the couple and the rest fo the Royal family may be thawing. “The lines of communication are improving,” said royal commentator Afua Hagan. “There has been a defrosting of royal relations - from both sides.” She said she believed that the couple’s decision to bestow the titles on their children signified their intent to attend the Coronation. Over the weekend Harry and Meghan confirmed they had been invited but refused to say whether they will make the trip. But their decision to strengthen their royal ties suggests a willingness to improve relations - especially for their children. “It is a good indication that they will attend the Coronation and indicates where their head is at,” Ms Hagan said, adding: “They still want to have ties to the Royal Family.”  A spokesperson told People magazine: “I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor.” King Charles, Queen Camilla, and the Prince and Princess of Wales did not attend the christening because of the time required to travel and the constraints it would put on royal engagements back in the UK. Longstanding commentator Richard Fitzwilliams agreed that the decision suggested the pair still see themselves as closely linked to the Royal Family. Harry and Meghan are understood to have only just decided that their children’s prince and princess titles would be adopted in formal situations, although they will not be used in everyday conversation. The children automatically became prince and princess when their grandfather, King Charles, acceded the throne six months ago but neither the Palace nor the couple confirmed whether the titles would be used. The Royal Family’s official website is expected to update their titles accordingly as it currently refers to the sixth and seventh in line to the throne as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor.  Their use of the titles is in line with the 1917 Letters Patent issued by George V, which conferred the title of prince or princess on male-line grandchildren of the sovereign. If the King wanted to block their usage for the Sussexes’ children, he would have needed to issue a fresh Letters Patent. While Archie and Lilibet will take on the titles, they will not use their His/Her Royal Highness styles. This is because their parents relinquished the use of their HRH styles in an official capacity when they stepped down as senior working royals in the spring of 2020. Meghan had suggested in her infamous interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021 that Archie had been denied the title of prince because of his race. She said there was “no explanation” for the decision and insisted that titles were not important to her or her husband. But she was aggrieved because she believed the lack of title would deny him automatic protection. However, the reason Archie was not named a prince was because he was too far down the line of succession at the time.  As the great-grandchild of the monarch, he was not a first-born son of a future king, unlike William’s son, Prince George. Harry and Meghan will allow their children to decide for themselves when older whether they drop or keep their titles. Lilibet’s christening was an intimate affair at their home in Montecito. Some 20-30 guests attended, which included Meghan’s mum Gloria Ragland, and Hollywood A-lister Tyler Perry who hosted the couple when they first moved to the US in March 2020 and was also confirmed as the child’s godfather. An unnamed godmother was also in attendance. After the ceremony guests were treated to an afternoon of food and dancing, with reports suggesting Archie enjoyed a dance with his little sister. Perry flew in from Atlanta especially for the christening, bringing with him a 10-person gospel choir that sang “Oh Happy Day” and “This Little Light of Mine” - a song that featured at Harry and Meghan’s wedding. 