Anthony Joshua’s former trainer Robert Garcia has explained that there were some serious issues during camp for the second fight with Oleksandr Usyk. Garcia hinted that there were many ‘new people’ around the two-time heavyweight champion that made things difficult. So difficult, in fact, that Garcia requested to be flown home after just one week of training with the Watford powerhouse. “I know that the work with me and Angel Fernandez (assistant coach) wasn’t bad, but it honestly could have been better,” he told iD Boxing. “Nobody mentions everything that went on in training camp, and I’m not going to mention it either.” “But we all know the way the training camp went. It was frustrating for me, there was so many new people in camp. The first week that I was there, I told his management team to fly me home. Because there were people there who, I believe, were not going to help out. “That was then. Now I think he’s in a great place, in a great training camp and I’m sure he’ll be in great shape. He’s going to get a good, solid win so his next fight can be against a big name.” In the end, Garcia opted to stay and see out his duties as Joshua went on to provide a much better display against Usyk. However, it wasn’t enough as the Ukrainian retained his unified heavyweight titles via a split decision. Despite marked improvements from the inaugural encounter Joshua chose to part ways with Garcia, referring to a series of comments made by his mentor after the fight as the reason for the split.   Don't miss... Eddie Hearn breaks silence on poor Anthony Joshua ticket sales  [LATEST] Dubois relying on Fury to make heavyweight dream a reality [LATEST] Hearn calls out Fury hypocrisy after worrying Usyk development [LATEST] Joshua took exception to Garcia claiming that the loss to Usyk was down to him ‘mentally defeated himself’ in the championship rounds. “Joshua was mentally defeated since round 10 or 11,” Garcia told IZQUIERDAZO. “Round 10 was a big one for Usyk. That changed the whole fight, and mentally we were defeated.” He added: “I have even thought in these last few days that it was Anthony Joshua who mentally defeated himself… In this fight, I think that Usyk was mentally stronger.” Garcia later claimed the meaning had been lost in translation, although IZQUIERDAZO insisted this was not the case. Since axing Garcia, Joshua has recruited the services of Derrick James, the man behind the successes of pound-for-pound greats Errol Spence Jr and Jermell Charlo. AJ is currently in camp with James at his gym in Dallas, Texas as he prepares for his upcoming clash with Jermaine Franklin on April 1.