More than half of adults wish they got the chance to read more – and one in four admit the only time they open a book is on holiday. A survey of 5,000 adults found they go abroad an average of once a year, reading an average of 2.3 books each time. Favourite genres when enjoying some downtime away include mysteries (30 percent) and thrillers (29 percent), with men more avid holiday readers than women. And those in Belfast and Brighton are the keenest to work their way through a paperback – while those in Leicester read the least. But 22 percent of adults admit to changing it up and reading different types of books on holiday – with people in Birmingham, Cardiff, and Newcastle most likely to expand their horizons. However, Mancunians were found to be most likely to stick to what they know when it comes to genre choice, enjoying mysteries and thrillers the most both at home and away. It also emerged that while 29 percent would feel ashamed of being seen reading a romance book on public transport during their commute, 17 percent are more confident about book choices when on holiday – reading subject matter they’d be too embarrassed to when at home. And with romance novels being the nation’s “most guilty holiday reading pleasure”, it emerged readers in Wolverhampton, Liverpool, and Bristol save them until they’re on the beach, and far from the eyes of people who know them. A spokesman for TUI BLUE, which commissioned the research, and has launched a book swap scheme for guests in a number of its hotels, said: “Finding the time to relax is so important, and losing yourself in a book is the perfect way to escape and unwind. “In day-to-day life it can be easy to get wrapped up in what you’re doing from minute to minute, and hard to make time to get stuck into a book. “And when do you have more quality time to unwind than on holiday? “Whether on the flight to get there, on a sun lounger round the pool, or savouring a cool drink in the shade, holidays do provide the time and space to create those “me moments” it’s difficult to find at home.” The study also found 51 percent are too busy with family to read very much – or at all – in their day-to-day lives. For 31 percent, there are other past times that take priority, while 26 percent are too busy on their work goals. But when they do crack the spine of a page-turner, 59 percent will read in bed, and 15 percent will knock a few pages off on their commute. And on holiday, the most likely places they'd be found reading include by the pool (56 percent), their room (45 percent), and on the balcony (42 percent). Those on the lookout for recommendations on what to pick up next found Newcastle readers were most likely to use social media (40 percent) compared to other areas, while a fifth of Londoners have got recommendations after listening to a podcast. It also emerged 68 percent of respondents are still faithful to good old-fashioned paper books, with only 17 percent preferring e-readers. Three-quarters (76 percent) would also be happy to donate a book they’d read and loved, so someone else could enjoy it – with Glaswegians (81 percent) the most likely to do so, according to the OnePoll data. And 51 percent are happy to hit up friends and family for book-borrowing before they go away on holiday, for some fresh reads. TUI BLUE’s spokesman added: “Book-borrowing is definitely a growing trend, and it’s something we’ve seen within our own hotels, with guests leaving reads for other holidaymakers to enjoy. “This summer, we thought we’d take it a step further and make it super easy for people with a new book swap scheme in a number of our top destinations. “You can pick up a pre-loved book and also share a few words of recommendation – or warning – with a personal note, saying why you loved or hated your read.”