Prince Harry and Meghan Markle face potential humiliation at the Oscars on Sunday as the pair have opened themselves to ridicule, a royal expert said. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have continued to crusade against the Royal Family, but have faced criticism for their Netflix documentary and Harry's memoir Spare. PR guru Matt Yanofsky warned the couple could roasted during the Academy Awards ceremony after the comedy show South Park "ripped the Band-Aid off". Mr Yanofsky said: "Meghan and Harry are no longer untouchable in the US "South Park’ is a show that is grandfathered into pop culture. Nobody is cancelling it, and it has a history of saying what everyone thinks but is scared to say." He continued: "By satirizing the couple, they’ve given other people permission to finally say what they think about Meghan and Harry, as we saw similarly with Chris Rock’s stand-up special." Speaking to The Mirror, Yanovsky added: "It’s 50/50 if they joke about the couple on Sunday or if they start mocking Meghan and Harry in five years. “It’ll be interesting to see what happens.” READ THE LATEST ROYAL NEWS ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S LIVE BLOG Comedian Chris Rock, who hosted last year's Oscars, ripped into the Duchess of Sussex in his newly-released Netflix show Selective Outrage. Rock voiced his frustration at some of the allegations Meghan Markle has made against the Royal Family since she and Prince Harry stepped down in 2020. The comedian challenged the Duchess of Sussex's claims that she had never researched his husband or his family before entering the royal fold. In his Netflix show, Chris Rock said: "It’s the Royal Family. You didn’t Google these motherf****rs? What the f**k is she talking about, ‘She didn’t know?'  READ MORE: Prince Andrew tipped for new tell-all interview in bid to reclaim royal role "That’s like marrying into the Budweiser family and going, ‘They drink a lot.’” During her chat with Oprah Winfrey, the Duchess went as far as implying the family was racist after a member allegedly inquired about Prince Archie Harrison's skin colour before his birth. Prince Harry has since claimed the comment was not suggesting the Royal Family was racist but merely struggling with racial bias. Rock said: "That’s not racist. Because even black people wanna know how brown the baby is gonna be." And last month South Park aired an episode titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour in which the authors mercilessly mocked the royal pair. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan eviction 'not a good move' as PR nightmare looms [EXCLUSIVE] Harry and Meghan mocked over 'highly ironic' bid for royal titles [LATEST] Harry and Meghan 'furious' as King puts HRH ban on Archie and Lilibet [INSIGHT] The Duke of Sussex's memoir Spare was satirised with a cartoon version titled Waaagh, with the whole show ironising that Harry and Meghan pleaded for privacy while begging for attention at the same time. The couple were rumoured to be considering legal action against the series' creators but a spokesman for the Duke and Duchess later branded the claims as "baseless and boring." But plummeting popularity polls have left royal commentators questioning whether the series could have a wider impact on how Meghan and Harry present themselves to the public going forward. Broadcaster Megyn Kelly said: "I feel this is a pronouncement that they have jumped the shark, they are not beloved and her hopes of running for president, reported hopes, are all but dashed. “That’s not happening. When ‘South Park’ turns on you, there’s no recovering.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews