When it comes to washing dirty laundry, everyone has their own routine which is rarely changed throughout the years. However, according to Deyan Dimitrov, laundry pro and CEO of Laundryheap, there are certain “habits” made by Britons which need to stop. This included overloading the machine as well as ignoring signs of a faulty appliance. The expert explained: “The first laundry habit to stop in 2023 is washing everything at the time temperature. The temperature setting solely depends on what kind of material you are washing. “As a rule of thumb, towels and bedding should typically be washed in warm or hot settings. Fabrics such as cotton and wool need to be washed at lower temperatures to protect their shape.” Making sure to change the temperature can also help to protect laundry from fading and shrinking, according to the pro. Bedding and clothing items often have a tag on them which states the temperature to wash them at so make sure to be mindful of this. READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ tip to get rid of washing machine mould Some detergents are formulated to effectively clean clothing at cooler temperatures so always make sure to check this too. The pro said: “It’s impossible not to love laundry detergent as it’s the reason why our clothes end up smelling fresh. “Unfortunately, using too much laundry detergent can result in residue marks on your garment. Once the residue sticks to your clothes, it can attract dirt. If you’re guilty of this laundry habit, now is the best time to stop.” Some laundry detergents are even concentrated, meaning Britons only need to use a small amount. It often states on the bottle how much detergent is needed, and it usually depends on the size of the load. Don't miss... Five ‘non-chemical’ methods to banish lawn weeds this spring [COMMENT] ‘Edible weeds’ you can grow at home to provide ‘delicious’ free food [EXPERT] I cleaned my entire dishwasher using white vinegar and lemon - results [VIDEO] Britons also shouldn’t add too much fabric softener as this can create a residue on clothing items. In fact, it is recommended to avoid fabric softeners when washing laundry such as towels. Deyan noted: “It can be seen as a clumsy habit but consequently, forgetting to empty pockets has a bad outcome on your washing machine because they can clog the washer drain. “Next time when you start your laundry, empty metal objects like keys and coins to avoid any mechanical damage to your washing machine.” It is also worth cleaning and checking the washing machine filter every month to avoid debris building up in it. The filter is the place where items such as hair clips or hair bands can get caught. READ MORE: Professional cleaner advises to ditch these common household products While it is important to get the most out of your wash load, packing too many clothing items into the machine can result in garments not cleaning properly. Overloading the machine is a “common habit”, according to the pro but one which can actually “ruin” your laundry. The laundry expert added: “This is because the more clothes inside the machine, the less likely the laundry detergent will circulate all around them. “Delegate your laundry and also be sure you’re not putting inside items that could damage your washing machine.” The washing machine is an appliance used regularly in most households, and it is important to look out for signs which may mean it is faulty. Deyan said: “Next time you hear an odd noise from your washing machine, smell a bad odour or see mould around the handle, it’s best to not ignore these signs “A faulty washing machine will not wash your clothes properly.” It is important to maintain the washing machine because although it cleans clothes, it also needs cleaning. Make sure to give it a deep clean every couple of months, or more often if the appliance is used every day. Also make sure to clean the seal to avoid debris build up and smelly odours.