Jay Swingler was overcome by emotion as he was given the nod over NickLmao in the Misfits Boxing 5 main event at the Telford International Centre. Swingler, born and raised in Telford, fell to his knees after he was announced the victor with scorecards of 39-36 Swingler, 38-38 drawn and 39-37 Swingler. Swingler came out of the blocks and let his hands go, backing up NickLmao against the ropes with hard looping shots. Despite it being his first fight, NickLmao showed immense composure in the face of adversity and wasn’t dissuaded by Swingler’s powerful punches. Swingler appeared to get the better of the opener but NickLmao was also able to find some success with a couple of fast flurries and showed some impressive defensive skills for a debutant. In the second, the tempo settled as Swingler began to set up his trademark overhand right with a leaping left hook. By the end of the round though, both men were showing signs of fatigue. Combinations became few and far between as the output continued to lower.  By the third, NickLmao was barely letting his hands go while Swingler banged away with singles but didn’t appear to have the energy to follow them up. Rather than cutting off the ring, the TGF star aimlessly followed his foe around in circles. The final stanza saw more of NickLmao backing up with his hands down low, yet Swingler was unable to capitalise as his arms got heavier and heavier. NickLmao finished the round stronger, upping his volume down the home straight but to Swingler’s credit he kept on firing back despite being the more exhausted of the pair. MORE BOXING NEWS...OnlyFans star Brooke delivers three-fight hitlist including Rousey Misfits boxing 5 LIVE - Chaotic tag team fight delights Paul breaks silence on vodka company after £207k tattoo vanishes   After the fight, welling with pride, Swingler gave props to his adversary: "I just want to say one thing to everybody that said I was going to walk through all over this guy, I was wrong, you were all wrong. So, I want to hear a big round of applause for Nick. "Everyone hating on this guy can now be quiet. This man is a warrior." Swingler went on to call out AnEsonGib for a rematch at the end of the year. Gib beat Swingler on the undercard of KSI vs Logan Paul I all the way back in 2018.   