Roman Kemp was forced to apologise to The One Show viewers on Monday after Zachery accidentally swore during his interview. As Roman and his co-star Alex Jones discussed his new movie with Helen, the actor said the word "p****d" when describing his character. "He's now 17, almost 18," Zachery began before adding. "That is a big jump as a kid. "He is having a couple of things going on. One is that he's almost 18 and he is almost out of the foster system. "He is afraid he's going to lose his family because he's fought so hard. "The other thing is he is dealing with some major imposter syndrome because he's trying to be a great leader with his superfamily. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find "All these kids have superpowers that they got at the end of the first movie. "We are ok at our job, bumbling through it and he feels like he's failing everybody." Turning to his co-star, Helen, the actor continued: "And then you add to the mix these three incredible, powerful, beautiful, talented women. "They are the daughters of Atlas and they are p****d off." After the interview, Roman quickly stepped in to apologise for Zachery's language. "Just quickly I just want to apologise for any language that you may have heard a moment ago," the host said. "Words mean different things in different sides of the world." "What did we say?" Zachery and Helen asked. Don't miss... GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [LATEST] Beyond Paradise boss pays tribute to 'absolute joy' Ruth Madoc [INSIGHT] Coronation Street star 'pigeonholed' after soap exit [EXCLUSIVE] "I can't wait to watch this on the internet," the actor joked. "It doesn't matter," Alex reassured as a baffled Helen asked" "Was it me or him?" Roman laughed: "Neither, don't worry." Following the segment, fans took to social media to share their thoughts on the interview, although, many were taken aback by Helen's youthful appearance. Scott Greengrass tweeted: " What is Dame Helen Mirren’s secret to staying looking so young and beautiful." Sam Malin shared: "How fabulous does Helen Mirren look ??? FFS. I would never wear that colour.#TheOneShow." (sic) While Twitter user @MarkBinmore asked: "Why is Helen Mirren giving me Baby Jane Hudson vibes? #TheOneShow." (sic) @suzysasha added: "#TheOneShow @BBCTheOneShow Helen Mirren is stunning! Looking pretty in pink." The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One.