A daughter has posted an emotional video asking for help in finding the person responsible for attacking her father. Lily, a 35-year-old from Salford, described her dad John Lowe's attacker as a "monster" after he was left with severe head injuries.  John, 58, was assaulted in Salford's Clarendon Park on Valentine's Day, 14 February 2023. His injuries are so severe that he is now unable to speak or walk, and only occasionally opens his eyes. Greater Manchester Police are treating the case as an attempted murder. Lily has now launched a campaign under the hashtag #Justice4John. She will also hand out appeal leaflets. In her TikTok video, she says: "My dad, John, was discovered unconscious in Clarendon Park in Salford after being badly beaten. This was around 10am - broad daylight. "This brutal attack has left him with life-changing injuries and has altered our family forever. "We were used to seeing our dad full of energy, the life and soul of the party. "This attack has made him a shell of a person and all we can do is witness him deteriorate right in front of our eyes. "He is laying in a hospital bed severely brain damaged. There is that much trauma to his brain. "He can't talk, he can't walk, he can't do anything, he is in a vegetative state. He will never be the same person again." Lily has one million followers on her TikTok account – her username is councilestatequeen. She built her following by posting comedy sketches and anti-drugs campaign videos. In her video appeal, she added: "I beg you, anyone, that was on Clarendon Park, please be a hero and come forward. "He didn't deserve this. Please come forward with some information, identify the attacker, and bring peace and a bit of justice to our family. "This monster is on the streets of Salford. He could do this to your son, your brother, your dad." Greater Manchester Police arrested a 32-year-old man on March 2 on suspicion of attempted murder. He has been released on bail. Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101 or through the LiveChat function on www.gmp.police.uk quoting log number 1218 of 14/02/23.