Gary Lineker will be returning to present on the BBC next weekend, according to reports. The England legend is hopeful a fixed resolution will be found in the next 24 hours. Lineker was told to step back by the BBC on Friday following comments made about the government's asylum policy, where he compared it to 1930s Germany. That led to a huge backlash where fellow presenters, pundits and commentators refused to work this weekend in a show of solidarity with the former striker. Match of the Day was reduced to just 20 minutes on Saturday evening without any analysis or commentary. Programmes such as Football Focus, Final Score and 606 were cancelled amid the ongoing saga. Tim Davie, the BBC Director General, has maintained throughout he wanted to find a resolution with Lineker, despite the latter resisting urges to apologise for his tweet. And it appears that is now getting closer to being announced. Sky News says sources close to Lineker hope a solution which will satisfy him will be reached in the next 24 hours. There could be a statement on the issue released as early as Monday morning.  Read more... Casemiro to be handed long suspension in major blow for Man Utd [NEWS] Meanwhile, The Sun claims a deal has been struck which will see Lineker present the FA Cup coverage next weekend as previously planned. The BBC will be showing two of the competition's quarter-finals. Manchester City host Championship side Burnley on BBC One at 5.45pm on Saturday. Brighton then play at home to League Two side Grimsby on Sunday at 2.15pm. Lineker spent much of Saturday watching his former club Leicester play against Chelsea in the Premier League after he was suspended following the row over impartiality. He dodged questions from the media when approached outside his south-west London home. He again refused to talk to the gathered press on Sunday morning. The 62-year-old left the house to walk his dog but commented: "I can't say anything."  Don't miss... BBC crisis hits Sunday shows as Chelsea vs Man Utd and MOTD2 impacted [LATEST] Roy Keane left red-faced as Sky revisit Arsenal and Fulham comments [TV] Mohamed Salah discovers he's been raided after Liverpool penalty miss [NEWS] Lineker has not tweeted since he was suspended by the BBC. But it appears a resolution to the saga is finally set to be found. However, it is unclear what rules Lineker will have to stick by when he returns to social media. A TV source told The Sun: "Gary will be back to host the BBC's FA Cup coverage. A deal has been struck. "If the BBC have agreed to allow him to keep tweeting his anti-Tory views, it will be seen as a major victory for Gary, but the details of the deal are unclear at this stage." It hasn't just been men's football coverage affected by Lineker's suspension. The Women's Super League match between Chelsea and Manchester United had no pre-match presentation or pundits, with world feed commentary used instead of BBC commentators. BBC 5 Live programmes were also affected for a second day. All parties are hoping for the matter to be resolved as soon as possible. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE  