A couple who thought they had just won £182million EuroMillions jackpot was left "heartbroken" after losing the prize because of a technical issue. Rachel Kennedy, 19, and Liam McCrohan, 21, from Hertfordshire, had been playing for five weeks in a row until the winning numbers finally appeared in a draw. When Rachel received a "Winning Match" notification from the National Lottery app, she and her boyfriend believed they had won the lottery. She told The Sun in 2021: "So I called my boyfriend Liam and my mum into the room and they couldn't believe it either." Rachel called to check the numbers - and excitement quickly turned to disappointment as they found out that Rachel’s ticket payment had not gone through because she did not have enough money in her account. "I was on top of the world when I thought I had won but when I found out I hadn’t, Liam was actually more upset than I was." READ MORE: Youngest lottery winner who blew millions is off to university Economics student Liam was "absolutely heartbroken having already started to picture their "dream house" and "dream car". He said: "On the app it really made it look like we had won because it comes up in orange and it says winning match. "When you looked at it and it was her usual numbers it just really looked like she had won and I got a bit carried away."  'I wish I hadn't won lottery' says EuroMillions youngest ever winner [REPORT] Supermarket workers Ellie Land and Karl Ward win the EuroMillions [LATEST] £171m EuroMillions winner is sixth Brit to get lucky this year [INSIGHT] Liam posted about their "embarrassing" lotto incident on Twitter in a tweet that garnered over 31,000 likes at the time. He said: "Initially I just posted it so my friends could see. I’ve only got like 120 followers but then it just blew up and I think it's got over 31,000 likes now. Rachel added: "I was too embarrassed to post anything about it." READ NEXT:Mechanic who won £108m on EuroMillions says his new life is 'boring'British winner bags £110M Euromillions jackpotMum can buy first house after £3.6m lotto winEuromillions: UK winner scoops biggest ever £195MILLION winThe cafe helping people in crisis this Christmas