Last month there were a few big surprises at the BAFTAs, with World War 1 epic All Quiet on the Western Front winning seven awards including Best Film. Meanwhile, Elvis Presley star Austin Butler surprised the audience by beating The Whale’s Brendan Fraser and The Banshees of Inisherin’s Colin Farrell to the Best Actor gong. Similarly, the latter’s co-stars Barry Keoghan and Kerry Condon picked up the Best Supporting gongs beating favourites like Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’s Angela Bassett and Everything Everywhere All At Once’s Ke Huy Quan. And now the latest Oscars odds are in it looks like there will be some shock wins on the night with stars neck-and-neck with each other. According to William Hill, it won’t be All Quiet on the Western Front that sweeps the board at the 95th Academy Awards, but Everything Everywhere All At Once. The multiverse-traversing movie is odds on to pick up Best Picture, Best Actress for Michelle Yeoh, Best Director for Daniels and Best Film Editing. Two-time Oscar winner Cate Blanchett has long been the favourite to take Best Actress for playing an abusive composer in TÁR, but has now been leapfrogged by the former Bond girl who picked up the SAG award. Meanwhile, Yeoh’s co-star Jamie Lee Curtis now has the best odds to take Best Supporting Actress over Bassett and Condon after also picking up a SAG award for playing Deirdre in the heavily lauded film. Last month there were a few big surprises at the BAFTAs, with World War 1 epic All Quiet on the Western Front winning seven awards including Best Film. Meanwhile, Elvis star Austin Butler surprised the audience by beating The Whale’s Brendan Fraser and The Banshees of Inisherin’s Colin Farrell to the Best Actor gong. Similarly, the latter’s co-stars Barry Keoghan and Kerry Condon picked up the Best Supporting gongs beating favourites like Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’s Angela Bassett and Everything Everywhere All At Once’s Ke Huy Quan. And now the latest Oscars odds are in it looks like there will be some shock wins on the night with stars neck-and-neck with each other. If the three actors from Everything Everywhere All At Once win in their categories it will be only the third time this has happened in Oscars history after 1951’s A Streetcar Named Desire and 1976’s Network. Meanwhile, the acting category the film can’t win in since it’s not nominated is Best Actor. Fraser has long been the favourite to win the award and remains odds on at 8-15. However, he faces tough competition from Butler. The Elvis actor has already beaten The Whale star at the Golden Globes and the BAFTAs and is seriously closing in on him now with odds of 11-8. And considering the Academy love to give this gong to actors playing famous dead icons like Rami Malek’s Freddie Mercury and Gary Oldman’s Winston Churchill, it wouldn’t be surprising if he did just make it for The King. But it really does seem too close to call. Here are the odds for the main 2023 Oscars, with the ceremony taking place on Sunday, March 12 in Hollywood. READ MORE: Elvis movie deleted scene from 4 hour version released by Baz Luhrmann Best Picture Everything Everywhere All at Once 1-20All Quite on the Western Front 10-1The Banshees of Inisherin 14-1Top Gun: Maverick 20-1The Fabelmans 25-1TÁR 33-1Elvis 33-1Women Talking 80-1Triangle of Sadness 100-1Avatar: The Way of Water 100-1 Best Actor Brendan Fraser – The Whale 8-15Austin Butler – Elvis 11-8Colin Farrell – The Banshees of Inisherin 12-1Paul Mescal – Aftersun 33-1Bill Nighy – Living 50-1 Best Actress Michelle Yeoh – Everything Everywhere All at Once 8-11Cate Blanchett – TÁR EvensAndrea Risenborough – To Leslie 16-1Michelle Williams – The Fabelmans 25-1Ana de Armas – Blonde 40-1 Best Supporting Actor Ke Huy Quan – Everything Everywhere All at Once 1-66Barry Keoghan – The Banshees of Inisherin 12-1Brendan Gleeson – The Banshees of Inisherin 14-1Brian Tyree Henry – Causeway 40-1Judd Hirsch – The Fabelmans 40-1 Best Supporting Actress Jamie Lee Curtis – Everything Everywhere All at Once 5-4Angela Bassett – Black Panther: Wakanda Forever 6-4Kerry Condon – The Banshees of Inisherin 2-1Hong Chau – The Whale 33-1Stephanie Hsu – Everything Everywhere All at Once 33-1 Best Director Daniels – Everything Everywhere All at Once 1-12Steven Spielberg – The Fabelmans 6-1Martin McDonagh – The Banshees of Inisherin 12-1Todd Field – TÁR 14-1Ruben Oslund – Triangle of Sadness 50-1