Tottenham have decided against talking to potential Antonio Conte replacements despite compiling a shortlist of options, according to reports. The Italian is facing an uncertain future in the capital following a difficult season so far. And it’s also emerged Spurs aren’t even contemplating a potential sale of Harry Kane, who is believed to be a transfer target for Manchester United. Though Tottenham are able to extend Conte’s contract by a further 12 months at the end of the season, many are expecting the Italian to leave. But The Athletic say that, for now, Spurs are holding fire when it comes to talking with potential replacements. Tottenham are said to have compiled a shortlist of candidates to take over from Conte, should the former Chelsea, Juventus and Inter Milan boss depart. But Tottenham, it’s claimed, are yet to talk to any potential successors - and they plan to keep it that way. This will reportedly remain the case until Spurs reach a decision ‘in conjuncture’ with Conte over whether he’ll stay or go. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here It’s said various ‘on and off-field factors mean the situation has yet to be brought to a head internally’. Conte’s health has played a role in that, with the Italian suffering with illness and bereavements over the course of the season so far. The report adds that, from early April, it’s expected that ‘decisive conversations’ will be held behind the scenes. Tottenham want to run a smoother process than the one that led to them hiring Conte in 2021, just months after the Italian had initially turned down the job. Another person whose long-term future in the capital is unclear is talisman Kane, who is a transfer target for Manchester United. The Red Devils know they need an upgrade on Wout Weghorst, who has failed to shine since his loan move from Burnley last month. But Tottenham are ‘determined’ to keep hold of the England international, whose contract is due to expire in 2024. That means that this summer could represent their last chance to secure a big fee for the striker, who previously wanted to join Manchester City less than two years ago. Yet Spurs ‘are not even contemplating a sale’ and their ‘total focus’ is on renewing the forward’s contract. Tottenham have reportedly entered initial dialogue with Kane, though they’re not close to an extension at the current moment in time. Meanwhile, Tottenham boosted their hopes of qualifying for next season’s Champions League with a 3-1 win over Nottingham Forest on Saturday. And Conte opened up on that mission in the aftermath of the result, saying: “We know very well the race for a place in Champions League will be really, really tough. You see the competitors. “You see there are many, many teams involved and I think in this moment there is only one place available because Man City and Arsenal are fighting to win the Premier League and Man United I think are showing they have great continuity of good results. “I think there is one place and there are many teams, many important teams that are in this race. “We have to try to do our best and for sure I repeat for us to finish in the top four is like to win the Premier League. It happen last season and I spoke about miracle. “I continue to say maybe this season it be much more difficult, much more difficult because Liverpool is a competitor in this race. “Newcastle is a competitor and Newcastle is a different Newcastle to the past. They invest a lot of money and they have a strong team. “You see Chelsea and what happened there and their position, but I don’t consider Chelsea outside [the top-four race]. They have the possibility to win the last 11 or 12 games in a row because the squad is really, really strong. “But we need to think about ourselves. A top club looks at themselves, not to other results.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE