Why are the weasel bosses at the BBC so terrified of sacking or even censuring Gary Lineker? Why are they so scared to boot out a man who for years hasn’t just broken impartiality rules with his overtly political tweets – he’s peed all over them and has taken great joy in doing so. Just look at his smirking arrogance this week when he was asked to apologise for the offence he’d caused – he not only refused, he doubled down on his “Nazi” claims. It’s like he knows he’s never going to be fired by the Corporation that pays him an obscene £1.35m (actually no, it’s us, the taxpayers who pay him) How many times does Lineker have to stick two fingers up at his bosses, laugh in their faces before they take action? And why are they so spineless that they allow a mere football presenter, whose job could be done by any number of other talented sports presenters, to not just undermine the BBC’s all-important impartiality guidelines but to throw the whole justification for the state funding of the BBC out of the window? Why is Lineker an exception to the rules everyone else has to follow? And forget this tosh that he isn’t an actual employee. He represents the BBC and gets £1.35m for the privilege and he’s using the vast platform afforded him by a public broadcasting company to peddle his political views. It’s wrong! And his agreeing to step back from presenting Match of The Day until an agreement is reached on his social media activity just isn’t good enough. The BBC gets a very generous £3.7bn a year from taxpayers and for that it’s obliged, by charter, to be scrupulously neutral. If it can’t be that – it shouldn’t be the state broadcaster. Lineker crossed a line this week when he dared to compare this government and its perfectly legitimate migrant policy to the Nazis and what they did – ie slaughter six million Jews.  And it’s not just Jewish people who are outraged by this vile slur – it’s most decent-thinking people who believe this arrogant, unthinking prat has diminished the suffering of those six people million people and their families – right down to the present day. How does a 62-year-old overpaid, vastly overrated football pundit get away with that? Is this ageing former crisp salesman, whose big claim to fame is that 30 years ago he was a decent goalscorer, really worth the BBC being publicly ridiculed and losing what’s left of its reputation and maybe even its royal charter? Is he worth the BBC losing its already shaky trust with the British people who pay for it to exist? Or does what we think, our outrage not matter – just the outrage of Leftie elitists like Lineker and all the other Lefties in the BBC’s ranks who think just like him and whose influence pollutes its news coverage every day?  When DG Tim Davie took the job back in 2020 he promised to root out those breaching impartiality the rules – and sack them. So why hasn’t he sacked Lineker? Because this afternoon the BBC clearly stated that Lineker’s “recent social media activity” IS a breach of its guidelines. And its not the first one. So why hasn’t he been sacked? The fact is Lineker is laughing in his bosses’ faces – and they’re letting him. It’s been alleged he was initially refusing to answer phone calls from his bosses and to delete his offensive tweet. So he’s basically saying to the Director General and his other bosses: “I dare you to fire me” knowing full well they don’t have the guts. Does Lineker not see what a fool he looks? He’s bragged about all the love he’s getting on social media – yeah, from the idiots in his own echo chamber – but the vast majority of right-thinking people are outraged at his crassness. What this latest episode shows is that the BBC is totally out of step with the people whose money pays for its existence. Worse, no one there has the will or the guts to fight for the Corporation’s royal charter. If one very average football pundit can pee all over it without proper censure then it’s time it was taken away.