Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has reacted to an eye-catching comment made by his Mercedes counterpart, Toto Wolff. The duo have butted heads multiple times in the past and they could do so again this season, with the Bahrain Grand Prix edging closer. Wolff and Horner have traded blows in the media at various points throughout the past few years. Between them, Mercedes and Red Bull have claimed every Constructors' Championship title since 2010. Following four consecutive team title wins between 2010 and 2013, Horner had to be patient for his team to return to the top as Mercedes put together an unprecedented streak of eight in a row that ended last year. Individual battles between Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen have only heightened the tension, with Horner and Wolff not shying away from the fact that they are not the biggest fans of one another. DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton to suffer more Max Verstappen misery but Brit should get Russell revenge  When asked about Horner in a frank interview with The Times last month, Wolff replied: "I am living in his head rent free. The guy is obsessed. Every second that I spend on talking about Horner is a waste of time in my life." The Red Bull boss was given an opportunity to respond by The Daily Mail, but Horner said: "I don’t take any interest in that. It’s a new season. I’m concentrating on what I’m doing. Competition is part of sport. I sleep well at night." Horner hasn't had as much need to get his elbows out since the start of last season, when Red Bull and Verstappen romped to the top prizes. Mercedes' incredible streak ended with a whimper as they could only claim third spot in the Constructors' Championship, with Ferrari taking second. That trio are set to lock horns again when the lights go out in Bahrain this weekend, although fans of the Silver Arrows fear that their underwhelming pre-season test showed a stubborn gap to their rivals. "We didn't have the smoothest winter test in Bahrain," admitted Wolff. "We had some reliability problems and struggled with the car set-up on day two. "But the key objective was to learn about the car, and we did lots of learning. We made good progress on the final day, which gave us directions to work on in the short period between the test and this weekend's race."