A US P-8A Poseidon aircraft reportedly went off course during a routine flight and breached Iranian airspace. The pilot was reportedly ordered to leave the region immediately and U-turn on his track. Early reports say that the "situation is being resolved with Iranian authorities."   The flight reportedly entered Iran's Flight Information Region near Iranian shores on Sunday. The P-8A Poseidon could be seen circling around the strait of Hormuz just off the Musandam region of Osman on Sunday morning. The incident comes two months after Iranian authorities claimed they attacked a similar aircraft after it breached airspace while Tehran was conducting military drills. The flight crossed into the airspace while conducting reconnaissance in the area, JUST IN: Silicon Valley Bank: US warned it has ‘24 hours’ to avoid financial chaos  The P-8A aircraft crossed into Iranian space days after the United States imposed a series of new sanctions on Tehran. Washington announced on Thursday that more people and firms associated with Iran and with what it said was an illicit banking network used to conceal transactions had been targeted by new sanctions. The Treasury Department said the companies made up a “significant ‘shadow banking’ network” that gave cover to sanctioned Iranian entities to disguise petrochemical sales with foreign customers. Treasury Deputy Secretary Wally Adeyemo said: "Today’s action demonstrates the United States’ commitment to enforcing our sanctions and our ability to disrupt Iran’s foreign financial networks, which it uses to launder funds." READ MORE: Mum arrested as one-hour-old baby is dumped in petrol station bin Iran has been facing accusations of supplying Russia with drones used to bomb Ukrainian civilians as Vladimir Putin continues to pursue its invasion of Ukraine one year on. The sanctions deny the people and firms access to any property or financial assets held in the US and prevent USbased companies and citizens from doing business with them. The sanctions come one day after Iranian prison officials and others were hit with sanctions over the treatment of young women and girls. Tensions between the US and Iran remain high after months of anti-government protests in Iran and Western anger at Tehran's export of attack drones to Russian forces fighting in Ukraine. DON'T MISS Iranian couple filmed dancing in the street are jailed for 10 years [VIDEO] Iran drone strike targets defence factory as blaze engulfs facility [LATEST] Experts warn Israel is 'preparing to go to war' with Iran this summer [WARNING] The US has taken several steps to isolate Iran from the global community, as protests have continued. In November, Washington announced that it's seeking to oust Iran from the United Nations’s premiere global body fighting for gender equality. Kamala Harris said Iran is “unfit” to serve on the commission and its presence “discredits the integrity” of its work. Iran's government in February celebrated the 44th anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution, which brought a Shiite theocracy to power. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews