Many households do not think about their boilers until they stop working. However, there are multiple warning signs homeowners can watch out for that suggest their boiler is on the way out.   Myles Robinson, a boiler expert, has shared what can go wrong and which types of boilers could help lower your energy bills.  Some of the signs your boiler could need replacing are: Your boiler may have a gas leak if you start to notice an eggy or sulphurous odour coming from it. In this case, you will need to replace the boiler. Should you suspect any kind of gas leak, it is important to immediately switch off your gas supply at the meter, open all windows to ventilate, and evacuate the home before calling an engineer out. Humming or banging noises could mean there is a buildup of air in the central heating system of your boiler or a drop in the water pressure. If this is left unattended for a long period of time, it can lead to an expensive breakdown. Just like anything mechanical, as boilers get older, they start getting slower. Continually adjusting the pressure or waiting longer for your radiators to heat up could be a sign that your boiler needs to be upgraded. It is not just the price of fuel that affects your energy bills. As technology has improved, it has become more energy efficient, so check your boiler’s energy rating. An A-rated boiler is up to 20 per cent more efficient than a G-rated boiler. If you do need to replace your boiler, you will have some choices when it comes to the type of fuel it uses. The UK government has said that from 2025, new-build homes will not be fitted with a gas boiler. This is to help achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Currently, four million homes are not connected to the gas network and use oil or other fossil fuels as their source of heating.   Liquefied petroleum gas boilers are very efficient and more environmentally friendly than an oil boiler, using 15-20 per cent less carbon. Modern LPG boilers are also more efficient than oil boilers, reaching up to 90 per cent efficiency. These boilers are also cheaper to install than natural gas or oil boilers. 