Broadband customers will be hit with inflation-linked price increases of up to 17.3 percent, which is as much as 3.9 percent above the Retail Price Index (RPI) or Consumer Price Index (CPI). Experts are offering advice to families who are nervous about how they will afford to pay off this massive bill rise. Almost 11 million broadband customers are now out of contract and could switch providers in an attempt to avoid April price hikes, according to Uswitch. Specifically, broadband and mobile phone customers are being faced with price hikes of up to 17.3 percent this April. Nearly seven million broadband customers are currently in a contract with firms, such as Sky and Virgin Media. These customers have the opportunity to escape the upcoming broadband price rises and avoid paying the early contract exit penalty fee. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance However, this is only possible if they act within 30 days of their provider sending them a price rise notification. Uswitch reports that various providers, including TalkTalk, Shell, Virgin Media and Vodafone, allow new customers who sign up for contracts before April to skip the price increases. Despite this, most broadband providers do not give in-contract customers the opportunity to leave penalty-free when prices rise. In light of this, experts are sharing advice for how households can escape these above-inflation-price hikes next month.  Ernest Doku, a telecoms expert at Uswitch.com, broke down the reality that is facing millions of families across the country. He explained: “Millions of mobile and broadband customers are either out of contract or will be soon, and facing the dilemma of whether to recontract before or after the April price rises. “If your contract ends before April, now is the time to explore your options by comparing your current deal with what’s out there. “You can switch now to avoid the impact of the April 2023 price rises entirely with providers such as Vodafone, Virgin Media, Shell and TalkTalk, if you find a broadband deal that suits you. It’s important to note that this will not shield you from price rises in 2024.”  The consumer expert noted that certain broadband providers are going above and beyond the call of duty to help their customers avoid pending price increases. Mr Doku said: “Some providers, such as Hyperoptic and Cuckoo, have also gone one step further and committed to no mid-contract price increases at all, so it’s worth seeing if they cater to your local area. “You could also take the information around competitor prices and speeds back to your current provider and ask for a better deal. “Providers will be keen to hang on to customers, so there’s often room for negotiation if you’re happy with their service - especially if you’re out of contract. Customers who find themselves facing rises should take this opportunity to vote with their feet.” Here is a full list of the actions broadband customers should take to try and reduce their overall bill: