Meet the 90-year-old bodybuilder who sets the standard in his gym - and is not shy about posing nude. Jim Arrington is not letting his age stop him as he continues to pursue his record-breaking career. He is the oldest bodybuilder in history and has been using his fame to help OAPs build healthy relationship with their bodies. The nonagenarian, who has held the Guiness World Record since 2018, even posed nude in an issue of Men's Health last year as he discussed the importance of "soldiering on" in old age. Arrington said: "At my age, your body’s a lot more fragile. "You have to be more careful when you’re training, and you can’t abuse it — your tendons have a tendency to want to detach." He said it is normal for people to lose some of their mobility with age but encouraged seniors to push forward. JUST IN: Woman's nose ripped off by boyfriend's pitbull because it hated teeth whitening "It’s really disheartening, but it’s important to keep soldiering away," Arrington said. Arrington began his fitness journey at the age of 14, when he was inspired to start working on his body by the book Molding a Mighty Chest by George Jowett. He stuck to Jowett's teachings for over 75 years, insisting he remains "goal-oriented" today. READ MORE: Tiger Woods' ex Erica Herman claims he sexually abused her as she sues for $30m Arrington added: "The other thing is that for some reason, and I can't understand it, people seem to be inspired by me." He said he received his best advice from Mr Universe, Ken Waller, in 1974 shortly after he had realised his genetics would not help him secure the title of Mr America. He admitted he was not initially impressed by Waller's advice to "do what works for you" but later agreed that people need to test and "experiment" to find the most suitable routine for them. "I see a lot of bodies—if I compare myself to them, I’m nothing. But those people respect me for being what I am at the age I am," he said. DON'T MISS Revisiting Just Fontaine's incredible World Cup record [EXPLAINER] World's tallest cat costs hundreds of pounds a month to feed [LATEST] World's oldest person says 'avoid toxic people' [INSIGHT] "Training feels great. I get a little pump in, and there’s people at the gym—you don’t have long conversations with them, but they know you and they respect you because you’re in there every day." He had previously warned people need to take into consideration the type of routine they pick up, noting that the efficacy of some techniques varies throughout one's life. He explained: "The main thing your body wants to do is not build extra muscle. So you've got to really beat it a whole lot and build a lot of fat at the same time, and then train down to your contest shape." In his 75-year career, Arrington took part in 60 competitions and won 16 of them. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews