Unlike in, say, the US, the office of President carries little weight in China. Instead, Xi's power derives from his position as CCP General Secretary and Chairman of the Central Military Commission. Xi consolidated his power at last year's CCP Congress, an event which takes place every five years. Back in October Xi brought in loyalists to the politburo standing committee, further cementing his power, while undermining other factions within the party, especially the so-called "Jiang faction" or "Shanghai clique", named for a former CCP leader who died last November.In October, resolutions not only cemented Xi's power but looked to “resolutely oppose and constrain Taiwan independence”. Still, in a matter of months Xi will turn 70. He will likely feel time is running out to cement his legacy, both economic and geopolitical.The CCP leader has been remarkably robust in his position on the island democracy of Taiwan - which Beijing views as a renegade province to be united with the mainland, by force if needed - but also in his stance towards the West.Relations with the US are at a new low, not least after the recent downing of an apparent Chinese spy balloon over North American airspace. Just this week, Xi went as far as blaming the West for problems in the Chinese economy. This comes as tensions mount with the West over Taiwan, amid a military build-up by China's neighbour, Japan, as well as ongoing tensions with India, a country with which Beijing has long-standing border disputes (something which led to clashes in recent years).Earlier this week, US Director of National Intelligence, Avril Haines, told Congress that Xi is likely to press Taiwan and attempt to undermine US influence. However, Haines said the assessment is that China still believes it “benefits most by preventing a spiralling of tensions and by preserving stability in its relationship with the United States.”This seems to suggest a conflict is not imminent although the nearly-70-year-old CCP leader may see a window of opportunity for invading or blocking Taiwan, both before Asian rivals have a chance to improve their military position, and before the West has a chance to get its stockpiles of weapons back up after helping to supply Ukraine.Again, while the office of President in China is not especially important, this is not so in Taiwan and the US. The CCP will be watching closely then to see how presidential elections in Taiwan and the US turn out next year, the outcomes perhaps indicating how robust any response to a CCP move on Taiwan would be.It should be said that while the Taiwan Strait is tough to cross, it is not impossible. Taiwan is also more than 16-times smaller than Ukraine, and - being an island - it would be difficult to get supplies in or people out. Still, Taiwan's beaches and terrain could put China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) at a disadvantage, even if they have the benefit of proximity, which is why they may opt to blockade first. This could include not just a maritime and aerial blockade, but also cutting off the internet. This may still be seen as an act of war by the US and its allies, which cannot realistically afford for the PLA to dominate the western Pacific, and the sea lanes around which countries in the region depend.For Beijing, however, whatever benefit it would get from controlling Taiwan's semiconductor industry (and how this would operate post-invasion is up for discussion) or eliminating a Han Chinese democracy on its doorstep, the big motivation for moving on Taiwan is to break through the 'first island chain', the network of islands which blocks the PLA's dominance over the western Pacific.Put simply, for the CCP to achieve its goal of peer status with the US, at the very least it must control its own backyard, which means cracking the first island chain, which in turn means having control over Taiwan. Therefore as Xi now embarks on his third term as President, the nearly-septuagenarian knows he likely has a limited amount of time in which to act. The West needs to appreciate this as well.Finally, those who dismiss China's readiness should remember not only the tyranny of distance for the US, but the fact that China could offset America's advantage in terms of quality with China's advantage in terms of quantity - the workshop of the world could quickly adjust its manufacturing sector to a wartime footing. Again, at nearly 70, it seems unlikely that Xi will want to sit on his hands forever.