As living costs rise and disposable income dwindles, Britons have been searching for savings accounts that offer the best rates of return on their investments. But with the end of the tax year fast approaching, financial journalist Martin Lewis urged viewers of ITV’s The Money Show who are “bigger savers” to “use” their ISA allowance now or “lose it”. Mr Lewis said: “You need to use your 2022/23 tax year ISA allowance by April 5 - the end of the tax year - or you lose it." After telling viewers not to over-complicate it, Mr Lewis said: “A cash ISA is just a savings account where the interest is never taxed. “You can put up to £20,000 in each tax year and once it’s in it stays tax-free year after year. So, you can put £20,000 in now if you’re lucky enough to have it, then on April 6, another £20,000, and in a year’s time, another £20,000.” In the instance of that example, he said: “You’d have £60,000 plus interest protected from tax, which is why some people who have been doing it for years have hundreds of thousands of pounds protected from tax.” READ MORE: Leeds Building Society offers competitive interest rate on cash ISA  Mr Lewis continued: “They’re the type of people it’s best for. Cash ISAs are best for bigger savers.” He added: "It’s not worth it if you have £5,000 to £10,000 or £500 or £10 because most people don’t pay tax on savings anyway. "You can earn £1,000 of interest tax-free under the personal savings allowance if you’re a 20 percent taxpayer, and it’s £500 if you’re a higher-rate 40 percent taxpayer. "Unless you have a lot of savings, you won’t earn that anyway. Normal savings account rates are higher, so you would earn more in those."  Don't miss... Five side hustles you can make 'serious money' from every month [INSIGHT] Nearly half of Brits have set up a side hustle to help make ends meet [ANALYSIS] Figures show working pensioners have seen income plunge by £3,000 [LATEST] But for those for whom a cash ISA is worth it, Mr Lewis provided three of the top accounts available right now. Topping his list was Cynergy’s Easy Access Online cash ISA (Issue 31) offering an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) 3.05 percent. Savers can open an account with £1 and transfers-in are accepted at the time of application. Interest is calculated daily on the cleared balance of the account and paid annually on the last working day of March. Interest is added to the account balance. READ MORE: Britons warned the ‘price of happiness’ in retirement is £145,833     Mr Lewis said: “You can put your money in and take it out when you like if you need to.” For those who want to fix a cash ISA, Mr Lewis listed Shawbrook Bank’s One Year Fix at 4.06 percent, as well as Barclays One Year Flexible Cash ISA with four percent AER. He described this account as “more interesting”, as it allows people to make up to three withdrawals. Mr Lewis said: “You can’t normally withdraw from fixed rate savings. So even if you didn’t need the tax advantage, a fix that you can withdraw from is decent.  Mr Lewis then went on to explain that the ISA deadline also applies to other ISAs, including those of stocks and shares. He said: “For the same £20,000, you can choose to get tax-free in stocks and shares.” Mr Lewis continued: “Lifetime ISAs for first-time buyers ages 18 to 39. For every £1,000 you put in, you get a £250 bonus towards a qualifying first property up of up to £450,000. You can put up to £4,000 in every tax year.” The Money Show airs on Tuesday at 8pm on ITV. 