Soup is the perfect hot meal for any day of the week and making it from scratch is the best way to pack it full of nutrient-rich vegetables. While some goods are more difficult to get hold of in supermarkets right now, carrots, leeks and cauliflowers are seasonal and in good supply. Chef Lisa Marley has shared her exclusive recipe for "mild and creamy" soup, and it's very easy to make. Speaking to Expresss.co.uk, plant-based chef and nutritionist Lisa Marley (@lisamarleychef on Instagram) said: "Carrot and cauliflower are a great match, especially when combined in a warming soup. Carrots can come in lots of different colours and in this recipe I like to use the readily available orange - and, they contain vitamin A, which is crucial for eye health. "They are an everyday superfood, without the superfood price tag and are full of antioxidants, which support your body in fighting free radicals. "The cauliflower ensures this soup has a creamy, silky consistency, and is thick and comforting. Cauliflower is naturally high in fibre and B-Vitamins. "Leeks have a mild, sweet flavour and a creamy texture when cooked. This is another reason this soup recipe feels indulgent and tasty." READ MORE: Toblerone to change the packaging of chocolate bar due to Swiss rules Don't miss... Mum's genius method to never break an egg yolk and make them 'perfect' [REVEAL] 'My red wine braised pot roast hits every time' [INSIGHT] Cook ‘evenly crispy bacon every time’ with chefs unusual method [TIPS] Fill a large pan with boiling water or heat cold water up on the hob until boiling. Turn down the heat and gently simmer before adding the carrots and cauliflower to the pan. Cook until soft before turning your attention to the other vegetables. In a separate frying pan, cook off the leeks, onion and celery in one tablespoon of oil for five minutes. READ MORE: James Martin's puff pastry apple pies are 'easy' and 'delicious' Once softened and brown, take the leeks, onion and celery off the heat and set aside. Drain some of the carrot, cauliflower and water into a heatproof jug ready for blending. Add the leek, onions and celery to the pot before pouring in your curry powder and stock cube. Turmeric can also be stirred in at this point for extra flavour. Lisa said: "Adding spices to your soup is a great way to add flavour as well as having a multitude of health benefits. "It’s thought turmeric has anti-inflammatory properties and cumin can help to fight disease. "It contains flavonoids that can help by neutralising harmful particles in the body." Use a stick blender to blitz the chunky vegetables into a thick soup. If you prefer a thinner soup, add in the saved water before garnishing with fresh coriander and a swirl of plant- based or dairy yoghurt.