MTV’s hit reality show Teen Mom is a follow-up from 16 and Pregnant that follows a handful of young mums in their first years of motherhood. With the stress of parenthood lingering, things didn't always run smoothly for star Brianna DeJesus, who was kicked off the show following a nasty spat with co-star Ashley Jones. Despite being fired from the show, DeJesus took to her Instagram on Sunday to give fans an update on what she has been doing in her time recently. The star posted a Boomerang clip to her Instagram story, showing a professional-grade camera facing her. DeJesus left fans guessing as she didn't provide any more details to accompany her cryptic post. The mum-of-two didn't even add a caption, so it's not very clear to fans what she was working on. However, Teen Mom fans would be forgiven for thinking this could mean DeJesus is on her way back to the show. In a shocking turn of events at the beginning of the year, fans were shocked to see DeJesus and her mom Roxanne get booted off of Family Reunion. The mother-daughter duo was confronted by members of the Teen Mom production team and were told they had to pack up and go following a fight with Ashley Jones and her mum Tea. In Teen Mom: Family Reunion, DeJesus and her mom Roxanne sat down with host Dr Cheyenne Bryant, who also goes by the name Coach B. The conversation soon turned to the altercation that happened between the two mums a few episodes prior. DeJesus remained adamant with Coach B, expressing that she did not want to leave the show. She claimed that she was merely protecting herself and her mum during the intense brawl with her co-star. Jones and her mum Tea also had a chat with Coach B, where the pair expressed little remorse regarding the incident. While Tea admitted the altercation could have been handled differently, the star explained the reasons for her reaction. She maintained: "The alternative to my spit was my fist. I regret that all I did was spit on her after they came for my mama." The events resulted in the star deciding that she was "ready to go home," adding: "None of this feels right to me." When it came to DeJesus and mum Roxanne, the pair were told about their dismissal from the show while sitting in the hotel room they were moved to after the fight. Following DeJesus’ actions to throw a large water bottle at her co-star, an MTV staffer told DeJeus her actions were a "significant breach of contract".  They added that throwing the bottle could "have caused serious, serious injury" to her co-star. The mum-of-two asked for "space" as she and her mum packed up their belongings and called the cast to let them know she was leaving. Understandably the reality star was emotional after getting the news, as were her fellow mums. Teen Mom is currently streaming on Paramount+ and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.