Fergie has revealed how certain female members of the Royal Family shaped her life, an interview which coincides with International Women's Day. The Duchess of York sheds light into her special friendship with the late Princess Diana. Opening up in an exclusive interview with HELLO!, Fergie claims that, during her time as a royal, Diana taught her "a great deal". She said: "My friend Princess Diana taught me a great deal about how to deal with the press. "[However] it was through time and experience that I have come to understand that publicity can serve you in a positive, as well as, a negative way, giving me a voice to talk about the causes closest to my heart." As well as Diana, Fergie also spoke about the late Queen Elizabeth II, who she describes as her "biggest influence". READ MORE: King Charles given heads up of Lilibet and Archie's title change before Sussex statement She said: "It was the privilege of my life to have her as my mother-in-law. "She was the most extraordinary example of duty, loyalty and steadfastness, both as head of state and as a private individual." Speaking of their close relationship after her divorce from Prince Andrew, she added: "I will always be grateful that she stayed close to me even after my divorce. "I miss her hugely." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' Fergie also took the time to open up about her life as a mother to two of the late Queen's granddaughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. Describing them as "well-adjusted" and "level-headed", Fergie said she is most proud of the mothers they have become. She said: "What I am most proud of is that my daughters have turned out to be such wonderful mothers." Princess Beatrice is mother to one-year-old daughter Sienna. Princess Eugenie, who is currently pregnant with her second child, has a two-year-old son called August. DON'T MISS William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' [LATEST]Prince Harry could have his 'visa revoked' after admitting using drugs [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf' [ANALYSIS] Following the announcement of Eugenie's second pregnancy in January, Fergue gushed that she was in "granny heaven". Expressing her gratitude, she added that it was "superb news" that she is set to become a grandmother for the third time. Eugenie shared the exciting news on Instgram, alongside a photograph of her first child kissing her growing baby bump.