Lady Victoria Hervey has addressed the brother's relationship which has become fractured in recent years. Prince Harry claimed in his book, Spare, that Prince William had physically attacked him. The socialite, 46, has suggested that the Duke of Sussex wants to "wallow in victimhood" as she compared the sibling's relationship to that of Cain and Abel. The model said the two brothers were similar to the first two sons of Adam and Eve. In the Bible, Cain murders his brother after God showed favour to Abel's sacrifice. Lady Victoria said: "I think Prince Harry is self-sabotaging his relationship with his brother so much so that it has now become Cain and Abel. READ MORE: Game of Thrones' Natalie Dormer weds fiancé David Oakes in Somerset  "It's becoming a bit of a blood sport. Harry is getting himself closer and closer to being exiled. I think he's only one or two steps away from that happening." She went on to claim that Harry often plays the victim. "I think he’s pushing the line as much as possible so that happens and he can wallow in Victimhood," Lady Victoria told The Mirror. It has been reported that Harry has had no contact with his brother or father King Charles since the release of his memoir. In his autobiography, Prince Harry recounts what he says was a physical attack by his brother, William, now Prince of Wales, as their relationship fell apart over the younger prince’s marriage to the actor Meghan Markle. Harry said William called Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, which Harry calls a “parrot[ing of] the press narrative” about his American wife. The confrontation escalated, Harry writes, until William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor”. He also expressed his frustration at being the "spare to the heir", his lonely life before meeting his wife and the breakdown of his family relationships. Elsewhere, Prince Andrew's ex, Lady Victoria Hervey, has now claimed Prince William was behind his "eviction" and not King Charles. Appearing on GB News with Nana Akua at the weekend, the socialite stated the Prince of Wales wanted his brother to be evicted from the property. In her latest arguments, she stated that the Prince of Wales being "unhappy" was the reason for the latest update. Lady Victoria remarked: "The first thing to say about Royal Lodge, is that it's only about 10 bedrooms and there is no swimming pool, every newspaper has said it's got 30 rooms – that's completely incorrect. "I think it's sort of also quite obvious that this is Prince William wanting the house." It's been claimed Andrew is moving into the cottage because the Royal Lodge is undergoing repairs. Lady Victoria continued: "This has nothing to do with budgets, this is William wanting the big house, he's not happy in the small one. For Prince Andrew, he's been in Royal Lodge for 20 years, it was his grandmother's house, it's very sentimental, and he's got the dogs so, why should he move? "The Queen's dying wish was for him to stay in that house but King Charles just wants to boot him out." A spokesman for Harry and Meghan confirmed a "request" had been made for the Sussexes to give up Frogmore Cottage. 