Poundland is similar to Home Bargains and B&M - shops that aim to help Britons faced with the ongoing cost-of-living crisis. Shoppers looking for an alternative to Britain's major supermarkets will be delighted at the prospect that more Poundland superstores are on their way. Thanks to its popularity across the country, Poundland is set to open multiple large shops over the next few months. Currently, the retailer has plans to open 12 new stores in just a few weeks. Poundland has also confirmed the exact locations of the branches, as well as their opening dates. The shops will be dotted across Britain, with the one on Glasgow's Crown Street opening first, on Saturday, March 11. A store in London will follow a week later, on March 18, as well as in Partick, Rotherham, Westom-super-Mare, and more. The Glasgow store will be the largest Poundland branch in Scotland, at a huge 18,380 square feet in size. The larger store openings come as part of wider plans for the retailer to open or relocate 50 new shops by the end of September this year. The plans will see the supermarket open half a million square feet of retail space and create an impressive 800 new jobs. Don't miss... Grace Kelly's granddaughter divides opinions in 'elegant coat'  [STYLE] Charlene and Albert are 'rather awkward' beside each other [BODY LANGUAGE] Princess Olympia dazzles in £1,700 Prada dress [ROYAL] The expansion programme will support the range revolution that's taken place at Poundland over the last three years, as it has gradually been adding more products to its stock, including homeware and clothing. These ranges, which also include chilled and frozen food, will also be available to buy in the bigger stores. The Glasgow store opening this Saturday, though, is not the retailer's first megastore. It has recently opened similar shops in Nottingham, Teeside, Denton, and Peterborough. At the start of the year, Poundland announced that there were eight confirmed openings planned for January to March, with another six in the final stage of lease negotiations. The company said that there were another 26 stores are planned for April to June, and 13 more pencilled in for the second half of the year, with additional locations added once agreements with landlords had been secured. Poundland managing director Barry Williams said: "We know how customers appreciate the effort we've made in the last few years to transform our offer, offering them more of what they want to buy, week-in, week-out. "That transformation means we have to step up our search for the best locations to bring the best of Poundland to customers across the UK and that's precisely what we'll do in 2023. "We will continue to work hard to find the right locations that suit the range of Poundland formats we now offer - from small neighbourhood convenience stores to our large destination stores." Crown Street, Glasgow - March 11 East Dulwich, London - March 18 Dumbarton Road, Partick - March 25 Parkgate, Rotherham - March 31 Weston-super-Mare (expected to open in April) Burton-upon-Trent (expected to open in April) Castle Bromwich (expected to open in April) Widnes Retail Park (expected to open in April) Belfast Castlecourt (expected to open in April) Biggleswade (expected to open in April) Stafford (expected to open in April) Ipswich Copdock Retail Park (expected to open in April)