Supermarkets such as Asda, Tesco, Aldi and Sainsbury’s have recalled various food products due to undeclared ingredients. The Foods Standard (FSA) and the supermarkets have shared advice and points of notice for customers. Here’s a full list of ongoing food recalls. Asda is recalling Tiger Tiger Taste Japan Mirin 150ml. All date codes are affected, and the barcode is 502444 8552476. Asda said: “Some bottles labelled of Mirin have been incorrectly packed and contain Teriyaki Sauce Affected product contains soy – which is not declared on the label.” READ MORE: Wetherspoon expected to close more pubs across the UK this month Tesco still has a recall for Creamfields grated cheddar 500g “this is because it may contain small pieces of clear, soft plastic which could make the product unsafe to eat”. The product that’s affected has a best before date is March 23. The advice is: “If you’ve bought an affected product, please don’t eat it. Instead, return it to a Tesco store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required. Use our store locator to find your nearest Tesco store.”  Don't miss... Comparison and review of The Dyson Airwrap and Shark FlexStyle [REVIEW] Prince Harry tried to be ‘playful’ at BetterUp summit  [VIDEO] Boots announces change to Advantage Card points and discount scheme [NEWS] Aldi has an ongoing food recall for various Harvest Morn High Protein Bars because they contain milk and/or peanuts and/or soya which may not be emphasised in bold type on the label. Aldi has advised: “Anyone who has bought this product and suffers from an allergy or intolerance to the ingredients listed, should return it to any Aldi store for a full refund. We apologise for any inconvenience caused.” Harvest Morn High Protein Birthday Cake, 60g - all batch codesAllergens: Milk Harvest Morn High Protein Cookie Dough, 60g - all batch codesAllergens: Milk, Peanuts, Soya  Harvest Morn High Protein Salted Caramel, 60g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Soya Harvest Morn High Protein Peanut Butter, 60g - All batch codes Allergens: Milk, Peanuts Harvest Morn High Protein Mint, 60g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Soya Harvest Morn High Protein Jaffa Orange, 60g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Soya Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Peanut Butter, 180g - all batch codes Allergens: Milk, Soya Harvest Morn Multipack High Protein Cookie Dough, 180g - all batch codesAllergens: Milk, Peanuts, Soya Quorn is recalling its Frozen Swedish Style Balls which are sold in Asda, Tesco and Sainsbury’s. They are being recalled, “because the product may contain pieces of hard white plastic that could cause a potential choking hazard”. This impacts the product with the date code 30/09/2024 only. No other products are known to be affected. If you’ve purchased any of these products from Asda recently, “please bring it back to your nearest store where you will be given a full refund. You do not need your receipt”. Asda, Sainsbury’s and Aldi are recalling My Sweet Chickpea products. My Sweet Chickpea Cappuccino & Dark Chocolate 100g has the following date codes: March 26, May 22, July 27, November 30 this year. Barcode: 506052141015 My Sweet Chickpea Coconut & Dark Chocolate 100g has the following date codes: March 26, May 22, July 27, November 30 this year. Barcode: 506052141017 The FSA explained: “Packs contain milk which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents.” If you have purchased one of these My Sweet Chickpea products recently, please return it to the store.