Real Madrid star Eder Militao is still wary of the damage that Liverpool duo Mohamed Salah and Roberto Firmino could do to his side ahead of their Champions League clash in midweek. The two teams clash at the Santiago Bernabeu on Wednesday night, with Los Blancos leading 5-2 on aggregate. The Reds were demolished in the first leg of the tie, throwing away a two-goal lead at Anfield to hand Carlo Ancelotti’s side a significant advantage overall. Militao managed to get on the scoresheet on the night, scoring Madrid’s third after being left completely unmarked at a set piece. Despite the three-goal lead, Madrid are keen to prevent complacency slip in and they are treating their preparation for their home leg of the tie as a make-or-break fixture. Militao explained “The night in Liverpool was one of the most historic in my sporting life — to win 5-2 there and score is a unique moment for any footballer. “But Liverpool have a super squad and now we do not want to be surprised at home. Mo Salah has come into a good moment in attack. He is always dangerous and against us he is hyper-motivated, and also Roberto Firmino is scoring goals again. So until the end of this match, nothing has been decided.” Given how well Madrid bounced back against Liverpool and their reputation on the European stage, many have hinted that it is inevitable that they will progress into the quarter-finals. However, that viewpoint is now shared by those in the dressing room at the Santiago Bernabeu. Militao continued: “Some people believe this tie is already finished but I am expecting a big night between two of the clubs with the biggest histories in world football. It’s certain that Real Madrid have a very big advantage but still, we must wait another 90 minutes and the round is not closed. Don't miss... Liverpool have Timber to replace Matip but Man Utd may hijack any bids [TRANSFER] Chelsea boss Potter has performed Mason Mount contract U-turn [LATEST] Liverpool secure '£72m transfer boost' with four-year commitment [NEWS] “In previous editions of the Champions League, we have experienced situations that have been right on the limit and we know they were lessons for us. Liverpool improved in the last matches and we saw the game against Manchester United — they were spectacular. We expect a different Liverpool in Madrid than the one we faced at Anfield because they need to take risks to score goals, but our challenge is to play such a match that no one remembers our 5-2 win at Anfield. “The fact the second leg is in front of our supporters is favourable for us. Liverpool will feel enormous pressure and each minute that passes with a goal for them is a success for us Real have suffered problems with winning and scoring goals since our win in Liverpool but I am totally convinced this will change this week at the Santiago Bernabeu.”