Lewis Hamilton could be feeling the pressure to better George Russell this season after finishing behind a Mercedes team-mate for just the third time in 2022. And with his contract expiring at the end of the year, previously reported issues could crop up again as Red Bull inherit the Silver Arrows' dominant mantle. Both Russell and Hamilton endured problems last season as Mercedes slipped behind Red Bull and Ferrari after almost a decade at the front of the grid. Russell finished 35 points ahead of the seven-time world champion in 2022 thanks to his consistent top-five finishes, notching Mercedes' only win of the year. He continued in the same vein in Bahrain Grand Prix qualifying last weekend, finishing one place ahead of Hamilton in P6. And speaking exclusively to Express Sport, Sky Sports F1 host Simon Lazenby claimed the reaction would be different if Hamilton finished behind Russell again in 2023. He said: "I think everything combined in that. Lewis probably wasn't as motivated as he could have been in the first half of last year. Read more... F1 LIVE: Lewis Hamilton quit fear as Ferrari boss makes feelings clear [BLOG] "They worked together to develop the car. George was desperate to prove himself, so I think it was a combination of factors Lewis Hamilton was beaten. "This year, I think if it happens again, it might be a slightly different story. I've never seen [Hamilton] look more physically fit. I've never seen him more determined." In the background of Mercedes' season, uncertainty over Hamilton's contract looms as he nears the end of the two-year deal he signed in 2021. At the time, reports claimed that the Silver Arrows' co-owners, Daimler, were not happy with his attitude and told Toto Wolff to decide on his future as quickly as possible. Don't miss... Hamilton and Verstappen 'would be trumped' by Alonso if on same team [LATEST] Mercedes star Hamilton has already made telling Ferrari confession [INTERVIEW] Lewis Hamilton failed F1 dream explained as 30-year wait goes on [NEWS] Some board members were said to be calling on Mercedes to give Hamilton's seat to Russell, who was at Williams at the time. With Russell now on the team, it would be interesting to see the reaction if the 25-year-old finished above the supposed number-one driver again. Mercedes aren't expected to challenge for the Drivers' Championship again this year. It could prompt Hamilton to make his own decision to walk away if the opportunity to enter a winning car and claim his record-breaking eighth world crown arises. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we've got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.