London City Airport is to be the first airport in the UK to scrap the strict 100ml liquid rule. The controversial rules have been in place since 2006. The rule can now be scrapped as the airport has installed new CT machines which will replace the old scanners. The new machines are able to produce a high-resolution 3D scan of passengers’ bags so staff can easily inspect them. Passengers will now be able to bring up to two litres of liquid in their hand luggage rather than 100ml. Travellers will also be able to carry their laptop in their hand luggage without needing to remove it for security checks. READ MORE: Travel expert explains the five foods to avoid before a flight London City Airport’s chief executive, Robert Sinclair, said that security queues would speed up. He said: “The good news for anyone planning a holiday or a business trip is that we will be the first mainstream UK airport to offer a fully CT security experience from the end of the month. “The new lanes will not only cut hassle but also queueing time, which I know passengers will love.” The new machines are expected to be introduced at airports across the UK in the near future. Don't miss... Tourist pickpocket warning as travellers told when to ‘be careful’  [WARNING] easyJet issues holiday warning for ‘disruption’ [LATEST] ‘Beautiful’ British beach has a special connection to Kate Middleton [ROYAL] The Government announced a deadline of June 2024 for all airports to move to the new security machines. In December, when the deadline was announced, Transport Secretary Mark Harper said: “The tiny toiletry has become a staple of airport security checkpoints, but that’s all set to change. “I’m streamlining cabin bag rules at airports while enhancing security. By 2024, major airports across the UK will have the latest security tech installed, reducing queueing times, improving the passenger experience, and most importantly detecting potential threats.” Trials of the machines have been going on for several years, including at major airports such as Gatwick and Heathrow. READ MORE: Cruise holiday guest explains how to avoid ‘crowds on cruises’  The current liquid rules have been in place since 2006 and were introduced after a foiled terrorist plot. The terrorists planned to use explosives hidden inside liquid containers to cause an attack on a plane. Pastes and creams are also subject to the 100ml rule and items will be confiscated if they exceed the limit. Several airports in the USA already use the new machines which eliminate the need to remove electronic devices from hand luggage. The new machines are expected to streamline the security experience as passengers won’t have to keep their liquids in clear bags. Until the machines are introduced across the UK, passengers at most airports will still need to follow the current rules. All liquids must be under 100ml and must be sealed in a clear plastic bag. Some airports offer the bags for free before security. Half-empty containers that are over 100ml will not be allowed through security while passengers must also remove electronic devices, such as laptops from their bags.