CBS’s hit crime-drama spin off, NCIS LA, officially wrapped up its production of its last-ever series last week. Star Chris O’Donnell admitted it “doesn't seem real” that he will have to say bye to his G Callen character after portraying him for over a decade. Ahead of the show's finale, O’Donnell spoke with ET at the wrap party for the final season. Alongside the rest of his NCIS Los Angeles family, he reflected on what it was like waving goodbye to the show, its characters and each other after 14 seasons. The actor explained: "The 14-year thing, we say it, it doesn't seem real because it feels like we just started this and saying goodbye, it's emotional." O'Donnell also admitted “it was more emotional than I anticipated” when he and the team shut the series down a few nights prior. Following his final ever scene playing NCIS Special Agent G Callen, he recalled; “They said, 'It's a series wrap on Chris.' I couldn't -- I had trouble speaking to our crew. “You want to be eloquent and say something great. But the fact is, there was so much emotion, so much love for the people in the room." He shared his gratitude for the show explaining: “It was an amazing run. I'm just so grateful. "So grateful for the opportunity and the success and the fans tuning in and for the friends that I made along the way." Recently the actor paid a sweet tribute to his “amazing fans” on Instagram, as he looked back at his years starring in the crime-drama. Alongside a snap of O’Donnell on the NCIS set he wrote: “What an amazing 14 year ride with my @ncisla family. "Just want to take a moment to say thank you to all of our amazing fans that tuned in every week. Onto the next adventure!” Fans flooded the actor's comment section with thankful messages, whilst sharing their sadness to see the end of the long-running show. One fan @Su.san1659 wrote: “I am so sad. You kept me company during some very difficult times in my life. "Always had NCIS LA to look forward to. Such a great show and I hope Callen will have the happy ending he deserves.” Another @ncis_la_gal added: “Thank you, Chris!!  No one else could’ve been G. Callen. Your portrayal of Callen—a complex, multilayered character—has been a joy to watch. "I’ll miss the entire cast, but Callen most of all.  Hope to see you in another role soon (if that’s what you want to do).  O’Donnell wasn't the only emotional cast member as his co-star Eric Christian Olsen, confessed he had tears flowing on the final day as well. "I cried," Olsen admitted while revealing that he ended up giving "an impromptu speech" to his NCIS LA family. He explained: "What I said, which is the fulfilment of dreams and that the reason that we chose this business was to come out here and tell stories and we got to do that. We got to tell 324 stories” NCIS LA season 14 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA and Sky Max in the UK.