Denver Nuggets star and MVP frontrunner Nikola Jokic took aim at former NBA player Kendrick Perkins after he accused the Serbian of ‘stat-padding’ en route to his historic season. Jokic is the reigning two-time MVP and appears set to win the coveted award for a third successive year as he could become the first center to average a triple-double across a season. On Tuesday night, Jokic tallied 14 points to go with 11 rebounds and 10 assists as Denver defeated the Houston Rockets 133-112. He notched the 100th triple-double of his career, becoming the sixth player to reach such figures after Russell Westbrook (198), Oscar Robertson (181), Magic Johnson (138) Jason Kidd (107) and LeBron James (106). Last week, Perkins took to First Take to claim Jokic was ‘stat-padding’ and that his team-mates intentionally shoot - whether or not they’re good shots - as soon as he passes them the ball in an attempt to give him an assist. He also inexplicably believes Jokic is deliberately taking fewer shots and making more passes in an attempt to accumulate assists. It seems particularly outlandish to think Jokic is stat-padding given he has won the last two MVP awards and the Nuggets sit atop the Western Conference with a 44-19 record. Speaking to reporters after recording his 100th career triple-double in a 133-112 win over the Houston Rockets on Tuesday, Jokic referenced Perkins’ take. READ MORE: Vanessa Bryant earns £24m settlement over Kobe Bryant crash images “I mean, when you’re stat-padding it’s easy,” Jokic said sarcastically when asked about achieving 100 triple-doubles. When asked if he heard the criticism, the 28-year-old added: “Yes, of course, it’s true.” It’s not easy to discredit what Jokic is doing this season, while it’s perhaps even more difficult to accuse him of stat-padding. Following the win against Houston, Jokic and the Nuggets improved to 44-19 - 5.5 games better than their closest rivals in the West, the Memphis Grizzlies The MVP award for this season is clearly becoming Jokic’s title to lose. He is averaging 24.6 points per game along with 11.7 rebounds and 10.0 assists, and if the Serb sustains his form to average a triple-double while the Nuggets secure the top seed in their conference, there will be no argument against him claiming a third MVP. DON'T MISSLeBron James suffers big setback as LA Lakers face crunch periodGiannis slammed for poking fun at Durant and given reality check Djokovic agrees with LeBron James and explains why they're "the best" Players claiming triple-doubles have been accused of stat-padding in the past. Westbrook is a key example, as he went four seasons averaging a triple-double yet his teams never won more than 49 games and lost in the first round of the playoffs each time. Meanwhile, Jokic’s Nuggets are unbeaten when he notches a triple-double while he is playing at a more efficient level with career-highs in field-goal percentage (63.3) and three-point percentage (39.8). He is enjoying arguably the best season of his career and deserves to be considered the favourite to secure a third straight MVP - which would put him in elite company alongside Bill Russell, Wilt Chamberlain and Larry Bird. Jokic’s Nuggets are next in action against the Grizzlies on Friday night. Memphis possess a 38-23 record and will look to close the gap on the Nuggets at the top of the Western Conference.