You is back on Netflix with part two and the serial killer drama introduced a new threat. A mysterious woman was seen taking pictures of Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley), who was still using the alias, Jonathan Moore. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the mysterious Dawn (Alison Pargeter).  The start of the season's second half saw Joe fixating on Rhys Montrose (Ed Speleers) as he tried to expose him for the string of murders. However, while Joe was finding out all he could about Rhys, he had no idea he was being followed himself. A paparazzi photographer appeared to be taking photos of him and following his every move. Although it soon transpired it was not Joe she had been obsessed with, it was in fact Lady Phoebe (Tilly Keeper). The woman had somehow managed to blag her way into one of the elite group's events as a member of staff. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance She approached Lady Phoebe and said she had been asked to escort her somewhere safe, and a paranoid Phoebe obliged. However, she started getting suspicious when the woman, who introduced herself as Dawn, locked them both in a secluded room. Phoebe soon realised Dawn had a mental health disorder which made her believe she and Phoebe were best friends. She knew everything there was to know about Phoebe and had even carved a tattoo on her arm, believing Phoebe had a matching tattoo. Thankfully, Nadia (Amy-Leigh Hickman) had seen the woman whisk Phoebe away and she told Jonathan. As the pair went in search of Phoebe, Jonathan came across the room where Dawn was hiding Phoebe. He managed to blag his way in before Phoebe took the opportunity to grab the knife Dawn had been holding. Turning it upon Dawn, Phoebe pleaded for her to accept she was not mentally stable and needed help. All the while, Jonathan had used the opportunity to plant evidence of the murders in Dawn's bag, framing her as the culprit. She was immediately removed by security and ended up in prison for the murders. Don't miss... The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [INTERVIEW] Amy-Leigh Hickman teases 'nostalgia' in You part 2 [INSIGHT] You's Nadia star pays sweet tribute to co-star despite lack of scenes [INTERVIEW] Dawn is played by Alison Pargeter, a 50-year-old actress who also played stalker Sarah Cairns in EastEnders. She is also known for her roles in Mary Slessor, Rock & Chips, Outlander and The Nevers. Back in 2004, she played Martin Fowler's (James Alexandrou) stalker Sarah in the BBC soap and appeared in 21 episodes. She was a barmaid who worked in Angie's Den club and tried to split Martin Fowler up from Sonia (Natalie Cassidy) following a drunken night together. She left the soap following a fight where she accidentally stabbed Martin and got committed to a mental institution. Viewers have already taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on her portrayal of Dawn in You. Dave said: "Very very clever twist with Dawn and how she plays into the Joe plot #younetflix." Taryn commented: "Not Phoebe getting brought down to earth by Dawn telling her to love herself and dump Adam #YouNetflix." You season 4 part 2 is on Netflix now.