 Over the weeks, experts have speculated snowfall because of the return of a natural event that brought snow in 2018. Sudden stratospheric warming at the North Pole brought about a snowstorm, coined Beast of the East, in the UK that year. According to weather maps from WX Charts, some areas in Britain can expect as much as a foot of snow next week.    The maps predict 25 cm of settled snow in parts of northern Scotland although other areas around England and Wales can expect their own share of snow too. The northwest of England could see 3 cm of snow as could the north of Wales. Parts of the country will also experience intense windchill. In Manchester and Birmingham, wind chill temperatures are predicted to plummet to around -8C while London will see a wind chill of -4C. READ MORE: Russia's 'total collapse surprisingly close' in Ukraine     Temperatures for that week are also expected to reach as low as -7C in some parts of the country, such as the northwest of England. Looking ahead to the end of March, the Met Office predicted “below average” temperatures as forecasters expect a return of wintry conditions. The Met Office has stated in its latest long-range forecast for March 15-March 29: “Confidence is very low during this period in general, but late seasonal wintry showers are expected across the country as milder air becomes less likely to affect the UK. DON'T MISSSussexes said to be left in dark about Prince Andrew move to Frogmore [REVEAL]Piers Morgan tells Sussexes ‘King Charles has had enough’ [INSIGHT]Charles 'acted as King not a father' with Frogmore eviction [UPDATE]    “This may also bring some dry weather at times, especially in western regions. “Rain and strong winds are likely in the south, rain turning heavy at times. “Colder and drier conditions are expected in the north, with wintry showers and a risk of heavy snow at times. “Temperatures overall will likely be below normal, but milder in the south through the middle of March and perhaps beyond.”  