Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's eviction from Frogmore Cottage is backed by the majority of Brits, new polling suggests. The exclusive poll by Techne for the Express found 68 percent said they agreed with the King asking the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who quit royal duties in 2020 for a new life in the US, to vacate the Windsor property. Just 16 percent of respondents said no in the poll of 1,624 British adults carried out from March 8-9. A further 16 percent said they did not know. Older people were more likely than their younger counterparts to support Charles's decision to kick Harry and Meghan out of their UK base. Some 76 percent of over-64s said they agreed, compared to 58 percent of 18 to 34-year-olds. Brexiteers and Remainers were united on the question, with 72 percent and 71 percent respectively backing the King. Meanwhile, some 73 percent of Tory voters and 75 percent of Labour voters agreed with Charles. The poll comes after a spokesperson for the Sussexes, who live in Montecito, earlier this month confirmed they had been asked to give up their UK home. The spokesperson said: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." Reports have claimed the move, which comes just weeks after the release of Harry's bombshell memoir Spare, was sanctioned by the King. The couple have faced years of tensions with the Royal Family in the wake of Megxit, with the tell-all book the latest salvo. Royal biographer Omid Scobie, who wrote the flattering Finding Freedom book on the Sussexes, cited a friend as saying it was "like a cruel punishment". The friend told Mr Scobie: “It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. "It’s like [the family] want to cut them out of the picture for good.” With the couple's permanent UK base now gone, speculation is high over whether they will attend the King's coronation on May 6. Frogmore Cottage, a Grade-II listed property which is owned by the Crown Estate, was a gift from Harry's grandmother, the late Queen. It underwent major work to turn five properties back into a single residence for the Sussexes. In 2019, royal accounts revealed Meghan and Harry paid £2.4 million to cover the refurbishment and rental of the property on the Home Park Estate at Windsor Castle, which they have only have used a handful of times since relocating to the US. The couple were funding the general upkeep, like maintaining the garden, and were continuing to pay rent, a rental contract described as a "good deal" for the taxpayer by a senior palace source in 2022.