After a lengthy hiatus, Blue Bloods will return to NBC with its long-awaited 14th episode. The show provided a major glimpse into Collision Course and it looks as though Danny Reagan (played by Donnie Wahlberg) and Maria Baez (Marisa Ramirez) will become victims of a jaw-dropping car crash. The last time fans saw Blue Bloods, tensions between Erin Reagan (Bridget Moynahan) and her sister-in-law Eddie Janko (Vanessa Ray) reached boiling point. The pair clashed after Eddie intervened in a murder case and invited Erin’s ex-husband Jack Boyle (Peter Hermann) to look into the investigation. While they didn’t settle their differences, fans will be in for a major shock as they will be faced with a brutal collision. Blue Bloods dropped a teaser clip, which saw Danny and his partner Maria in their patrol car. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark  As the officers prepared to set off, Danny gave Maria a bag containing “one delicious unhealthy glazed doughnut and one very healthy vegan oat rolled weird doughnut". The pair then joked about their diets and shared a toast before indulging in their treat. However, just as they were about to bite into the doughnut, a speeding car crashed straight into them. While the identity of the driver has yet to be unveiled, the clip revealed Maria and Danny survived the crash.   As they winced in pain and got their bearings, Danny asked Maria: “Are you ok?” As the entire Reagan family work in law enforcement, they will undoubtedly work together to figure out if the crash was truly an accident. While life-changing injuries weren’t teased in the clip, fans will have to stay tuned to see if the officers will leave unscathed. However, the car crash won’t be the only issue they’ll have to deal with. DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck sparks meltdown with Magnum PI reunion [REACTION]Magnum PI’s Jay Hernandez turned down ‘intimidating’ role [INSIGHT]  CBS provided fans with clues about the upcoming episode with the release of a synopsis. It reads: “Eddie's former partner returns and brings an accusation of excessive force against an officer. “Danny and Baez clash with a troubled foster child at the centre of their latest investigation. Erin must make a tough decision about her campaign.”    Fans can look forward to the return of Eddie’s one-time partner Rachel Witten (Lauren Patten), who is no longer a police officer. However, her revelation will undoubtedly shake things up for Frank and the entire NYPD. As for Erin’s district attorney hopes, viewers will have to wait and see if this decision will have any consequences for her campaign. Blue Bloods season 13 returns Friday, March 3 on CBS in the USA and the following Monday on Sky Witness in the UK. 