Emmerdale's Naomi Walters (played by Karene Peters) and her new romance with Alex Moore (Liam Boyle) has certainly ruffled the feathers of a few villagers - including her dad, Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin). Alex, who has just been released from prison, is also the ex of Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley), who is scared the criminal will come after their son Lucas. During recent scenes, Charles and his son, Ethan (Emile Johns) have tried to convince Naomi that Alex is no good for her. But their comments have just pushed Naomi further into Alex's arms. Earlier this week, the vicar shared his concerns with Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker), fearing Alex could actually harm his daughter. "Do we really think he is that bad?" Manpreet asked. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead Charles replied: "He's a convict. Something is not right, I don't trust him." "Well I suppose you better trust your instincts, I really didn't with Meena," Manpreet warned. "Now I am scared," Charles explained as he thought about Meena's killer rampage. Ethan also tried to make Naomi see sense, but his plan completely backfired. As Naomi raged at Ethan to "get off her case", the lawyer said: "Alex reoffended as soon as he came out of prison and he tried to blackmail Dawn." "That's your version," Noami hit back as she ignored her brother's pleas. However, things are set to get worse for Charles when he convinces Alex to take a job in Wales. In official spoilers released by ITV, Charles fails to convince Naomi to see sense over Alex and admits to Manpreet it's painful to watch Naomi risk her future. Don't miss... The Conners viewers 'switch off' as Whoopi Goldberg guest stars [LATEST] Coronation Street star lands new role after emotional exit  [INSIGHT] Emmerdale double exit as fans plead for soap to write out character [SPOILERS] The doctor tells Charles he needs to give Alex a real chance and to only judge him if he lets Naomi down. However, Charles soon encourages Alex to go for a job interview, which delights Naomi. Although, things take an unexpected turn when she finds out the new job is in Wales. But as an ex-offender, Alex feels he has no choice but to go for it. Before long Alex is having second thoughts about taking it, but Charles talks him around. After Alex leaves, Charles puts his foot in it with Naomi. If Alex takes the job and moves away from the village, Noami could end up following him after her dad's betrayal. Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7.30pm on ITV.