Meghan Markle hated "silly" royal protocols and wanted her children to grow up with "American freedom", according to a staff member at Kensington Palace. The Duchess of Sussex struggled to adhere to the rules after she married Prince Harry, as detailed in Tom Quinn's new book Gilded Youth: An Intimate History of Growing Up in the Royal Family, which was informed by the staff member and one of Meghan's former royal advisors. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Kate, Princess of Wales had to follow similar rules to Meghan when she married Prince William, however she was able to cope with it better as she "does not have Meghan's messianic tendencies". The worker said: "I don't think in the whole of history there was ever a greater divide between what someone expected when they became a member of the royal family and what they discovered it was really like. She was hugely disappointed." They added that because Meghan was not a blood royal, like Kate, she was treated in a "slightly condescending way". One of Meghan's former advisors echoed these claims, saying: "Meghan hated being controlled by royal protocol. "The fact, for example, that at Kensington Palace royals have to announce in advance when they are leaving the palace and where they are going. "This is partly for security but partly also to avoid a situation where a senior royal is upstaged by a more junior royal leaving just when the more important person leaves." While they said that King Charles agreed with Meghan that the rules were "silly but hard to change", Prince William completely "bought into it" with his three children. REaD MORE: Sussexes warned they're 'stuffed either way' in Coronation dilemma  They said: "I think Charles agreed with Meghan on many points - he thought much of the protocol was silly, but it is hard to change. "William has bought into it, which is why George and Louis and Charlotte are so conventional and look like something out of the 1950s. "Meghan wants something different from this for her children - she wants American freedom to do and say what you like and go where you like." Harry and Meghan are now raising their children Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet in their mansion in Montecito, California.  Don't miss... The 14 times the Royal Family have been dragged into politics [LATEST] Harry compares himself to Diana as both felt 'different from royals' [REVEAL] Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  [FASHION] Archie was born in the UK on May 6 2019, just months before his parents announced they were stepping down from their official royal duties. Lilibet arrived while they were living in the US on June 4 2021, meaning Meghan was unable to travel back to the UK for Prince Philip's funeral two months previously. The couple did bring their children over to meet Charles and the late Queen Elizabeth last summer for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. It is not yet known whether they will make the journey in May for the King's Coronation, particularly as they have been asked to vacate their UK home Frogmore Cottage.