Animal lovers from across China have tracked down a suspected animal killer. The man in question is an office worker from the Suzhou region of China named Lee who has been accused of torturing and killing cats. Local news sources claim that Lee even posted recordings of his assaults on social media under the guise of an animal rescuer. When a viewer from abroad spotted a video of Lee appearing to be on his way to adopt a kitten, they immediately notified cat lovers all over China to find the animal killer. On February 25, six of the group's members found Lee at a mall, where they attacked him. While others questioned him about his behaviour, some members held him still. Lee is said to have confessed to killing five cats in a video that was recorded during the argument. The group reportedly beat him up physically all night long, with some members slapping him. According to reports, the group made Lee consume faeces as a form of punishment. In one video, Lee could be seen with facial bruises and cuts with blood dripping from his bottom lip. Don't miss... Chinese cyber attacks soar as Putin demands Western spies are found [LATEST] China spending billions on spreading pro-Russian lies, US claims [LATEST] China's Xi 'in a panic' over looming 'provocative' crisis [LATEST] Police in China are reportedly looking into the incident which also appeared to involve Lee being made to eat poo which was eventually smeared all over his face. A group known as Suzhou Small Animal Protection Volunteers Association has been implicated in the assault, according to local reports. It's thought that either cat or human faeces was smeared on Lee's face by the animal justice warriors.  According to reports, Lee was made to squat in front of the group and coerced into eating the waste. However, the volunteer vigilante group reportedly turned to the Chinese social media site Weibo to state that it would not go so far. Suzhou Police are reported to be taking the situation seriously and will pursue legal action against Lee and the other attackers.