Barcelona star Ansu Fati has been offered to four Premier League teams including Manchester United, according to reports. The Spain international has struggled for regular game time at the Nou Camp this season. And it seems as though a parting of the ways come the end of the season is on the cards as the La Liga giants look to balance their finances. According to Sport, United are among four teams to have been offered Fati. Speculation linking the Spain international to Old Trafford is nothing new, with past reports previously claiming the Red Devils had offered £130million for the player back in 2021. With Fati struggling to nail down a spot in Xavi’s starting XI this term, a move away from Barcelona seems to be on the cards. Jorge Mendes, the forward’s agent, is supposedly working on a potential exit. And United aren’t the only club to have been offered Fati, who has scored three goals and clocked up three assists from 23 La Liga games so far this season. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Arsenal and Liverpool have also supposedly been approached, as well as Newcastle. For now, Fati wants to stay at Barcelona. It’s said his dream is to succeed at the Nou Camp and he’s willing to fight for a place in the team. Yet he’s also feeling left out in the cold in Catalonia, especially with the likes of Ousmane Dembele and Raphinha ahead of him in the club’s pecking order. As for Barcelona, they’re maintaining silence over Fati’s future - though are aware of the movements of Mendes behind the scenes. The report says they have to sell the forward this summer and they’re prioritising Fati for such an arrangement, despite the player previously being touted as a generational talent. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Barcelona want the youngster and his agent to lead the process of a possible exit because it is ‘traumatic’. And with Mendes knowing they need the cash, that’s why he’s prioritising a deal with a Premier League club at the current moment in time. Speaking recently, meanwhile, Xavi was asked about Fati and his lack of prominence at Barcelona. And he’s insisted the forward requires patience, insisting he’s happy with the way the 20-year-old has been training behind the scenes. "No, no, no... Things will work out for him, we have to be patient,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "Ansu is a spectacular asset to the club. We trust him a lot, he is working very well. I am very happy with his tremendous mentality in training, but be patient. "He is 20 years old and needs time, like everyone else. Things will work out for him, now is not the time to talk about sales." Fati isn’t the only Barcelona player being linked with a move to United. The Red Devils retain interest in Frenkie de Jong, despite missing out on the Netherlands international back in the summer. And, speaking recently, former Liverpool star Danny Murphy endorsed a potential deal for the midfielder. “In effect, De Jong would play where Christian Eriksen is playing alongside Casemiro and Eriksen would be used more of a squad player,” said Murphy. “That is probably why they went for Eriksen when they didn’t get De Jong because they are both creative. “De Jong is more athletic and a bit better at receiving the ball, but they are similar. “Frenkie de Jong is a super talent and he would be a big, big addition for them. “It would be a really big addition for Manchester United.”