Princess Anne was photographed in Surrey earlier today at the Sandown Racecourse in Esher. She attended the countryside spot in honour of Grand Military Gold Cup Day which hosts one of Sandown's oldest races. The royal stunned in a colourful outfit made up of a long navy riding coat, checked trousers, a pink and white scarf, and a striking rouge beret to match. Known as a keen horsewoman, Princess Royal was suitably dressed for the occasion - and the weather. Her full-length waterproof coat featured several popper pockets and broad shoulders with layers of detail. Like many items in Princess Anne's wardrobe, the cosy riding coat has previously made its debut on the racecourse. The royal was pictured wearing it in the wet weather at the Windsor Horse Trials in Berkshire on her 68th birthday back in 2018. As part of a more casual look, she paired it with black knee-length wellington boots with the hood up to ward off the August rain. READ MORE: Prince Harry knew naming his daughter Lilibet would 'cause trouble'  In keeping with the wintery tones, Princess Anne wore leather-look gloves and a navy handbag to match. While the tonal outfit was not particularly striking, the royal's choice of bright accessories brightened up the whole look.  Her bright red beret kept her hair swept back in a chic up-do while matching seamlessly with a thick scarf tucked under her coat. The accessory appeared to be pale pink with a bright red poppy-like pattern which has not yet been worn by Anne in public. Don't miss... Zara and Princess Anne's engagement rings 'have one thing in common' [INSIGHT] Royal style rule Princess Anne reportedly 'turns a blind eye' to [REVEAL] Princess Anne honours a beaming Gregg Wallace at Windsor Castle [ANALYSIS] The beret on the other hand is an old favourite that has been styled by the Princess before. In fact, she was last seen wearing it at the Braemar Highland Gathering in Scotland on September 3, 2022, alongside King Charles III and Queen Camilla.  On both occasions, Princess Anne styled the red beret with plaid fabric in earthy red, navy and green colours. In Scotland, she wore a green and red plaid coat with bright red buttons to match the hat and today, navy trousers with the red scarf. READ MORE: Horoscopes today - Russell Grant's star sign forecast for Tuesday The straight-leg cut flattered her small frame while the red detailing tied together the colours worn elsewhere in the outfit. For a mix of elegance and practicality, Princess Anne wore black boots with a pointed toe to complete the look. In keeping with her low-maintenance style, the royal donned a subtle look to attend the event at the racecourse. Her pared-back hair and makeup featured a sleek tied-back updo and subtle red lipstick shade. The pinkish-red lip perfectly matched the scarf worn by Anne and is her go-to shade when it comes to public engagements. For extra protection from the cold weather in Esher, Anne clutched a large forest-green umbrella as she walked around the racecourse. Unlike her mother, Queen Elizabeth II's favourite style of umbrellas by Fulton who held a royal warrant for her Majesty, Anne opted for a fabric style. With a brown wooden handle and deep green colour, the accessory complemented the earthy tones worn by the royal. 