UK house prices actually rose by 1.9 percent in the 12 months to January, according to lender Halifax, but that’s misleading as they started to slide towards the end of 2022. They fell 2.4 percent in November and another 1.3 percent in December, and are now down 4.2 percent from their August peak. That’s a drop of £12,500 to £281,684 and there is more to come, says Kim Kinnaird, director of Halifax Mortgages. “That trend is likely to continue as higher borrowing costs lead to reduced demand." The UK can still consider itself lucky compared to many countries, notably Australia, where prices fell 7.2 percent in the year to January, the nation’s biggest and fastest decline since 1980, according to CoreLogic HVI. In Sydney, house prices have plunged 11.3 percent. New Zealand prices fell 13.3 percent last year, Reinz Index calculates, but separate figures from Savills show prices in cities Wellington and Auckland are in meltdown, crashing 23.7 percent and 19 per cent in 2022. In the US, sales have now fallen for 12 months in a row. Prices have crashed 21 percent in San Francisco as California-based tech giants Google, Microsoft, Amazon and others slash staff. Sweden has been hit hardest of all, with prices down almost 20 percent. Nervousness is spreading and it would be weird if the overpriced UK market proved an exception.    Rising interest rates are the main reason house prices are falling. It's a problem all over the world, as inflation takes off everywhere. Property values have been inflated by years of near-zero interest rates, especially in the UK. Here, the average home used to cost around five times earnings. Today it is closer to nine times earnings, and 12 times in London. Which is madness. As the cost-of-living crisis squeezes Brits, the last thing homeowners need is rising mortgage costs, too. So far, we've been lucky. The main reason Swedish prices have crashed is that most homeowners have variable rate mortgages, which have climbed sharply. In the UK, 86 percent of mortgages are fixed rates, Bank of England figures show, which haven't risen even though base rates have rocketed from 0.1 percent in December 2021 to four percent today. However, fixes do not last forever, and more than 1.4million will mature in 2023. Most fixed rates currently charge just one or two percent. New deals now charge four percent or more. Mortgages may be cheaper than after former Chancellor Kwasi Kwarteng's mini-Budget fiasco last year, when rates topped 6.50 percent, but many will still pay thousands of pounds a year more when they remortgage. Some will not be able to afford it, and become forced sellers. That's when the trouble starts. READ MORE: Experts explore pros and cons for variable, fixed and tracker mortgage   The big question now is what happens to interest rates. The higher they go, the harder it will be for homeowners. Many analysts are worried about fallout from the US, where the economy is still booming, which could force the Federal Reserve to continue hiking rates to curb inflation. In an interconnected world, if US house prices crash, we will follow. Lloyds reckons UK house prices will fall seven percent this year. Capital Economics predicts 12 percent. Japanese Bank Nomura is particularly gloomy, predicting our property market will fall by 20 percent. That would be a huge blow for the wider economy as homeowners suddenly feel a lot poorer. Our luck could hold. The UK is building nowhere near enough houses for our booming population, so demand still outstrips supply. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt did not reverse Kwarteng’s stamp duty cut, which doubled the threshold from £125,000 to £250,000. This makes it easier for first-time buyers to get a foot on the property ladder. Unemployment is still low and energy prices are expected to fall, so with luck most homeowners will be able to afford their mortgages this year, too. The UK property market is on a knife edge. Which way it goes will depend on inflation and interest rates. Forecasts are changing by the day. Two weeks ago, markets were gleefully anticipating falling rates. Now they are more pessimistic. And tomorrow? We’ll soon find out. 