Meghan Markle and Prince Harry spent a romantic evening out in Los Angeles following the news they had been asked to "vacate" Frogmore Cottage. A spokesperson for the royal couple confirmed a "request" has been made for them to give up their UK home close to Windsor Castle. But an insider is now claiming they hit the lavish San Vicente Bungalows to "send a message". An insider told Us Weekly: "They've been trying to find time for more of these types of date nights, which isn’t easy given their intense schedules as well as raising the kids. "But this was something they freed themselves up for and the word is that it was important to send a message that they're not rattled or letting this Frogmore situation get to them. "They let their hair down in a fun environment and had a blast, it was a much needed outing to let off steam and get back to enjoying themselves again." READ MORE: Meghan Markle beams in first public outing since children's new titles  Just a week later the Royal Family's official website has been updated to reflect the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's children's new titles, Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet. Harry and Meghan's youngsters became a prince and princess on the accession of their grandfather the King six months ago, but the Sussexes publicly used Lili's title for the first time on Wednesday when announcing their daughter's christening. Archie and Lili are now listed on royal.uk's line of succession page as Prince Archie of Sussex and Princess Lilibet of Sussex. Previously they were Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. The siblings are sixth and seventh in line to the throne, having already moved up a place each after the death of the late Queen. A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said the decision to use the titles had been "settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace". "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch. "This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace," the spokesperson said. Don't miss... Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet are missing key moment with Charles [LATEST] Harry and Meghan warned US is 'absolutely sick of them' [ANALYSIS] Dr Shola lashes out at Charles and William for 'snubbing' Lilibet [COMMENT] Lili, who is 21 months old, was christened in an intimate ceremony at the Sussexes' family home in California on Friday, watched by her grandmother Doria Ragland and celebrity godfather Tyler Perry. The King, the Queen Consort and the Prince and Princess of Wales were reportedly invited but did not attend. The "alignment" on the titles has given rise to suggestions Harry and Meghan will attend the King's coronation in May, which also falls on Archie's fourth birthday. Bookmakers Coral said the Sussexes were now odds-on at 4-6 to witness the historic spectacle, flip-flopping from 4-6 to not attend before the titles announcement. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews