Ronan Keating, 46, and ex-wife Yvonne Connolly, publicly congratulated their 23-year-old son Jack as he announced that he had become a father for the first time. However, eagle-eyed fans believe that, as it has been just eight months since his time on Love Island last year, the little girl may have been conceived before he became a reality star. Followers were left wondering about who the mother of the child could be, as Jack has not mentioned any sort of relationship publicly since his time on the ITV2 show drew to a close. During his time in the villa, he suggested that he had been single for "four or five years" as he had not yet found the right person, and he made it known that he never cheats when in a relationship. That left a question mark over whether he and the so far anonymous mum are currently committed to each other, or whether he remains on the market. Either way, Jack was delighted to become a dad, captioning his photo: "Welcome to the world my little Princess!" READ NOW: A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue He looked paternal in the emotional Instagram snap, in which he lovingly cradled his daughter in his arms while gazing at her. His famous parents seemed as ecstatic as he was to see the first-ever public photo of their first grandchild. Ex-Boyzone crooner Ronan responded directly on the post, exclaiming: "Little cutie!" and punctuating his comment with a heart emoji. "I miss her so much already," added Jack's mum Yvonne, as she reminisced over meeting her granddaughter. Jack is the eldest child of Ronan and Yvonne, who were together for 17 years, before separating in 2010 and then divorcing in 2015. He has siblings Missy and Ali, who are 22 and 17 respectively, from that marriage. Meanwhile, he also has two half-siblings from Ronan's second marriage to Australian fashion designer Storm - Cooper, five, and Coco, two. Step-mum Storm also sprinkled heart emojis on the post, while fellow Love Island stars such as Paige Thorne offered their congratulations. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams Clarkson fans wanting Lineker axed after Meghan row [DEBATE] Camilla deep in conversation with Love Island's Megan Barton-Hanson [PICTURES] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen causes stir with bloody photos [LATEST]  Meanwhile others took to the comments to declare that "the math ain't mathing". @stacyonwheels exclaimed: "I know I’m bad at maths, but the math ain’t mathing on this at all!!! Love Island isn’t even 9 months ago yet. I mean I know accidents happen but…." @raymondmccarthy4318 accused: "So you went on a show to find love not thinking about the girl you got pregnant?" @karakenny88 was in shock, chiming in: "Someone was carrying your baby when you went on Love Island? You're joking." Fans speculated that he could have got the mystery girl pregnant in June 2022, before entering the villa the following month. Upon arrival at the show, he told the others: "I've been single for a long time, probably four or five years now and I've really been missing that spark that I haven't been getting on the dating scene. Like, I've been dating for a long time. "And I just thought why not? Hopefully I'll get a connection with somebody and see what happens."