Sarah Ferguson has reportedly befriended a mysterious billionaire, following fears she and Prince Andrew are to face eviction from Royal Lodge. King Charles, after confirmation that he is evicting Meghan Markle and Prince Harry from Frogmore Cottage, reportedly wants to move his younger brother out of Royal Lodge and into the Sussexes' smaller UK base, also located in Windsor. However, Fergie has "sparked interesting questions" after reportedly striking up a friendship with millionaire property magnate, Trammell Crow Jr, who inherited a fortune from his father's firm. The 63-year-old also flew out to the US earlier this year. A source has said: "It’s not as if he [Andrew] and Fergie don’t have form for sparking up these friendships, and in the past there has always been something in it for them. "So when Fergie started booking flights to Texas and putting multiple meetings in her diary with such a wealthy American, it sparked some interesting questions." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan ‘missed chance to elevate themselves’ and become 'Hollywood royalty'  Speaking of the friendship, the source added: "Officially they’ve bonded over a shared interest in environmental issues, but it feels like a lot of discussions and a lot of air travel to solely discuss green matters. "And it’s hard to imagine what the Duchess can offer to do for him." The news comes as Prince Andrew, who still lives with Sarah, faces eviction from Royal Lodge. However, the 63-year-old brother of King Charles III has been offered the keys to Frogmore Cottage. READ MORE: Meghan dreamt of having 'lots of wild kids' years before meeting Harry Meghan and Harry are expected to have until after the King's Coronation, which will take place on May 6, to clear all their belongings from Frogmore Cottage. Sources have told Meghan and Harry's unofficial biographer Omid Scobie that the couple are expected to have moved their belongings out by "early summer". Prince Andrew has lived at Royal Lodge for two decades and is reportedly unhappy with the King's decision to evict him. According to royal correspondent Richard Palmer, Andrew will "fight tooth and nail to stay at Royal Lodge." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate [INSIGHT]BBC viewers cringe as 'only one person' in queue for Harry's memoir [COMMENT]Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant [OPINION] Prince Andrew married Sarah in 1986, with their marriage lasting a decade. In their decade-long marriage, the former couple welcomed two daughters. Despite their divorce, the couple still, to this day, live together and remain close friends. Speaking recently to The Telegraph, Sarah was asked if the late Queen was confident that Fergie would be there for Andrew after her death, she replied: "She knew. I will always be there. Always. Because I love her."