Chelsea boss Graham Potter says Mason Mount is "suffering like the rest of us" as the attacking midfielder continues to endure arguably the toughest period of his senior career at Stamford Bridge. The England international, who remains one of the poster boys of the Blues' prestigious Cobham academy, has lost his mojo this season after losing his place in the starting XI as ongoing contract negotiations continue with the club behind the scenes.  Mount wants to stay at Chelsea but they are yet to satisfy his wage demands and there is now widespread concern amongst the fanbase that he could be heading towards the exit door. To make matters worse, Mount's chances of forcing his way back into the side have been dented by a fresh injury blow that will see him miss this weekend's Premier League clash with Leeds. Potter has now provided some insight into the player's current mindset and mentality as Liverpool and Manchester United reportedly continue to monitor his uncertain contract situation. He said: "Mason [Mount], for us, has been great to work with. He's suffering like the rest of us. His contract is between him and the club." READ MORE: Gary Neville makes Premier League title promise to Arsenal fans after 'desperate' jibe The brief response from the ex-Brighton tactician would suggest he has now involvement in talks between Chelsea and the player over an extension. But it has become apparent in recent weeks that Mount's future is somewhat linked to his current lack of minutes as contract talks are now seemingly becoming a distraction for all parties. Should Mount fail to reach an agreement over fresh terms at Stamford Bridge before the end of the season, there is every chance could consider a summer sale. The Blues' excessive spending under Todd Boehly will come at a cost and Chelsea need to balance the book through player sales in order to continue splashing cash. DON'T MISSLuis Enrique appointment could help reignite careers of three Chelsea strugglersMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightLiverpool have seven names on centre-back wish-list as Chelsea and Everton stars impress Reds There are fears in industry circles that some of Chelsea's English players - including Mount, Conor Gallagher and Ruben Loftus-Cheek - could be among those to make way. Having hit double figures for both goals and assists in the Premier League last season, Mount has struggled to replicate his previous form under Thomas Tuchel this term after only registering three goals and two assists in the top-flight. Mount has been one of the victims of Potter's constant chopping and changing which has seen Chelsea struggle for some solidity and consistency. The Blues have now won just two of their last 16 matches in all competitions, form that has plunged Potter's future into doubt. Potter has challenged his players to stick together, however, stating: "The most important thing is Chelsea can win tomorrow. It's an easy thing to say. "You have to fight for the results. When you're in a tough moment, you have to stick together and work hard. We will give it our best and we'll try to win." Leeds head to Stamford Bridge rejuvenated under new boss Javi Gracia despite their 2-0 FA Cup defeat at Fulham in midweek. The Whites smashed Chelsea 3-0 in the return Premier League fixture at Elland Road earlier this season, a match that proved to be one of the final nails in Tuchel's coffin.