KSI has torn into Jake Paul after a video emerged of the YouTube star running away from Floyd Mayweather when they crossed paths at a Miami Heat game on Wednesday night. Mayweather supposedly confronted Paul regarding comments made about a deceased family member. Paul and Mayweather have a feud stretching back to 2021 when his older brother Logan fought the boxing legend in an exhibition bout. In the lead-up to the fight, Paul thought it would be a good idea to snatch Mayweather’s hat from his head resulting in TBE punching him in the face. Then, ahead of Mayweather’s non-scoring bout against Deji in Dubai four months ago, he refused to enter the ring until Paul had been ejected from the arena. The Problem Child was invited to the show to commentate on Tommy Fury’s clash with Rolly Lambert but was swiftly removed from the venue thereafter. Given their messy history, Paul wasn’t willing to take his chances when he was approached by Mayweather and his entourage. So, bolted his way across the street to safety, much to the delight of his arch-nemesis, KSI. “Did you just have another wet dream?” KSI posted in reference to Paul’s claims that a wet dream on the day of the fight had contributed to his recent defeat against Fury. KSI then followed up by quoting the song ‘Track Star’ by Mooski when a video was released by TMZ showing Paul taking flight. “She’s a runner she’s a trackstar,” he tweeted. Don't miss... Usyk's promoter dashes Wembley hopes as Fury fight falls into jeopardy [LATEST] Paul sends Mayweather challenge after running from Miami altercation [LATEST] Froch tears into Lineker as feud escalates after being blocked  [LATEST] Taking to Instagram after the incident to share his side of the events, Paul said: "So, I'm leaving the Miami Heat game and Floyd Mayweather and 50 dudes pull up out of nowhere, out of like some side alley, waiting for me outside the stadium, and they're like, 'So what's up? what's all that talk now?” He added: "I'm like first of all, what did I say to you Floyd? I just took your hat and you're still mad about it? Come on, bro. And then 50 dudes literally start surrounding me to jump me, and I'm out that b****, ok?" As for Mayweather, a source close to the Hall of Famer told TMZ that the 46-year-old had just happened to run into Jake while leaving the basketball game and was not lying in wait. They also claim that his anger stemmed from personal comments made by the YouTuber about one of his deceased family members. “Jake crossed the line. This wasn’t about grabbing a hat. This was about Jake’s comments to Floyd about Floyd’s deceased family member and other below-the-belt inappropriate behaviour,” said the source.