Jeremy Hunt is preparing to share the Government’s fiscal vision for the country in next week’s Spring Budget. One of the topics Mr Hunt is likely to address is the increase in energy bills, which have jumped by 27 percent since last October. Recent reports suggest the Chancellor may not go though with increasing the energy price guarantee from £2,500 to £3,500 as originally proposed. This is the cap on the price per unit of gas and electricity and the guarantee remaining at its current amount means households with average usage will not see their energy bills jump by £500. However, the Government has confirmed it will be not continuing with its £400 energy bill grant. This was a concession introduced last year to help people with their soaring gas and electricity costs and was available for all households. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance In light of this, some experts are urging Jeremy Hunt to consider a windfall tax on energy suppliers who have seen their profits rise substantially over the last year. Sophie Gilmore, the managing director at HybridTec, spoke with Express.co.uk about why this is the right course of action. She explained: “It is imperative that there is a form of practical support included in the spring budget to mitigate the effects of the upcoming £500 rise in the energy price guarantee. “This, coupled with the loss of the £400 energy discount, could be catastrophic for lower income households who are already under incredible pressure created by fuel poverty. “An extension of the Energy Bills Support scheme would be the most obvious immediate solution; however, we would like to see the budget go further to support those under the most pressure. “An increase on windfall taxes on energy producers or a temporary cut to VAT on energy bills could be some methods used to reduce prices for the most vulnerable, however whatever methods are used to offset the impact of rising energy prices, a wider and more long ranging package of support should be considered for the future.” The energy expert also encouraged the Government to put forward an agenda to allow people to access higher wages to go back to the work place if necessary. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing This would include access to training and upskilling, as well more sustainable and secure job roles, according to Ms Gilmore. She highlighted what Jeremy Hunt should be focusing on in his Budget announcement next week. Ms Gilmore added: “Jeremy Hunt has previously indicated that its unlikely that households will get extra help with energy bills from April. “However the promising indications from energy secretary Grant Shapps that he is working hard to provide a solution for the upcoming increase in annual energy bills give us hope that there will be some practical remedies offered to ease the pressure on low-income households. “It is clear that the rising costs of energy are impacting heavily on households across all income levels, however we are hopeful that there is a solution, like some of the ones mentioned above, to support low-income households through a very difficult time. “The impacts on individuals as a result of the cost of living crisis will have wider economic impacts and we are hopeful that this is considered in the upcoming budget.” Jeremy Hunt will outline the details of the Government’s Budget on March 15, 2023.