While there are some garden trends which can make the area feel large and maintained, others can have the opposite effect. Some garden trends can make the space feel “smaller” as well as flowers being hard to manage. A gardening expert has shared three trends which Britons should “absolutely steer away from”. It can be extremely easy to buy various different plants from the garden centre and place them randomly outdoors to add bright colour. However, this is a huge mistake as each plant or shrub has its own needs, meaning they could quickly die if their needs can’t be kept up with. A gardening expert from St Modwen Homes, national and award winning house builder, explained: “Plants are beautiful and a wonderful addition to any garden. “However, if there’s one piece of advice you take from St Modwen Homes, it’s don’t get too plant happy. It’s crucial you avoid planting too much variety and consider what’s going to look good all year round, not just during summer. READ MORE: I tried Kärcher’s ‘top of the range’ steam cleaner - thoughts “The best thing to do is do is do your research and start small, just stick to a few plants and vegetables that you like the most. Trust us, it’ll be a lot easier to manage.” Artificial grass has become popular in recent years, with many thinking of the advantages it provides them. This includes no discolouration and weeds as well as reduced maintenance costs. Gardeners could also save on water bills as well as never having to mow their lawns or seed it when required throughout the year. However, fake lawns can have drainage issues as well as getting extremely hot in the summer months when in direct sun, which can lead to fires. Don't miss... ‘Best’ methods to easily ‘clear’ your garden of pesky weeds [COMMENT] The popular city chef Nadiya Hussain lives with her family [INSIGHT] Six front door paint colours to ‘boost’ your homes kerb appeal [EXPLAINER] The gardening expert explained: “We’ll be the first to say that sometimes fake is better. However, when it comes to grass, we don’t always agree. “When moving into a new home or if you’re giving your garden a refresh, opt for real grass rather than artificial. “You’ll even be doing your bit for the plant as real grass contributes to the ecosystem by supplying oxygen, filtering pollution and absorbing heat, can’t argue with that.” Bright colours can be great in the garden, especially during the summer months. However, this should be in the form of furniture and plants, and not fencing. READ MORE: Steps to fix your lawn after snowfall and allow it to ‘thrive’ According to the expert, Britons should “avoid” painting their fences a bright colour at all costs, although it can be down to personal preferences. The pro continued: “Whilst the idea of having a bright pink garden may sound enticing, the reality is colourful fences will make your garden feel smaller than it is. “Bright colours give you the impression they’re coming towards you which is unsurprisingly going to make your outside space feel a tighter squeeze. “Just food for thought when you’re considering reaching for the paint brushes this spring or summer.” Instead, gardeners should follow trends which will actually make a huge difference to their gardens, including using lighting as well as low maintenance bulbs. Lights are an effective way to create an inviting space for guests and are vital to any garden, especially in the summer months when Britons can sit outside until nightfall. From wire string lights to solar lights in the lawn, there are plenty of options to have outside, and they can be affordable too. If you’re a beginner at planting flowers in the garden, opt for herbs which are the perfect place to start. Beginner friendly herbs include rosemary, basil and mint. Not only are these options delicious in meals, but the scents will also smell amazing in the garden or on a windowsill.