Health bosses in Spain issued the dengue fever alert after two German tourists caught the illness after visiting Ibiza. The Health and Emergencies Coordination Centre classed the risk as “moderate”. Authorities have said the risk of contracting dengue fever in Ibiza is currently low. However, from May to November the risk is likely to become ‘moderate’. Dengue fever is spread by mosquitoes and isn’t usually serious although in rare cases some people suffer a more severe illness. One of the confirmed cases is a 27 year old woman who visited Ibiza in August 2022 with her partner and 13 month old daughter. The three tourists started to show symptoms on August 31 but tests were only performed on the woman who was confirmed to have dengue fever. READ MORE: Spain’s crackdown on ‘budget British tourists’ causing issues Another confirmed case was in a 37 year old woman who travelled to Ibiza and stayed in the same town as the first tourist. She visited the island in October 2022 with her partner and nine year old son. All three showed symptoms but only the woman was tested. She was confirmed to have dengue fever. The Spanish Health Ministry said a person who seemed to have caught dengue in Mexico may have started the outbreaks. A spokesperson said: “Thanks to surveillance of imported cases, a probable index case was identified, coming from Mexico, who began symptoms on August 11 and remained in the same locality in Ibiza as the two cases described between August 11 and 31.” Dengue fever was first detected in Ibiza in 2014. In about 40 to 80 percent of infections, there are no symptoms. The majority of other cases experience mild symptoms and only five percent develop into severe dengue fever. The spokesperson said: “After the knowledge of the cases, the Balearic authorities have planned the pertinent actions of surveillance and vector control and communication and information to the citizenship.” The risk of contracting dengue fever in Ibiza is low until May when it is expected to rise to moderate. READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about ‘miserable’ excursion Health leaders have said they are taking every step to minimise the risk, including checking for the mosquito. Officials have also been tracking the movements of infected tourists and holding health meetings. The illness is thought to be spread by a mosquito known as ‘Aedes Albopictus’ in the Spanish holiday island. The virus first arrived in the Balearic islands in 2014 and Spain detected its first local outbreaks in 2018. Additional reporting by Rita Sobot