A man who survived a car crash in Wales last weekend has broken his silence after being told three of his friends died. Shane Loughlin, 32, has been in hospital since the crash on March 4 and said he "cannot believe" what happened. He and 20-year-old Sophie Russon were the only survivors of the crash on the A48 in the St Mellons area of Cardiff, reports Wales Online. His message, posted on Facebook, via a firend read: “Only just found out what happened just want to say sorry to everyone and thank you everyone who helped with the search party and thank you for everyone wishing me well I’ll be back soon love you all. “Rip Rafel, Eve, and Darcy. Can’t believe it gutted is an understatement. Heart goes out to all families and friends of the people that have passed. Long way to recover mentally and physically but we’ll get there.” Officers have been attempting to understand what happened in the early hours of last Saturday after the three victims and two survivors were not found until Monday. In its latest update, South Wales Police said its investigations concluded the crash happened at 2.03am on Saturday, March 4.    Officers have used CCTV and APNR number plate recognition to work out the time of the collision. They have also confirmed there is no suggestion any other vehicle was involved. The white Volkswagen Tiguan vehicle left the road and was found in a wooded area. South Wales Police said the families of the three people who died continue to be supported by specialist family liaison officers. Post-mortem examinations are ongoing. The car the five had been travelling in was not found until just after midnight on Monday, March 6, two days later. READ MORE: Cardiff crash police probe caravan park noise complaint [REVEAL]   Ffion Actie, the devastated sister of victim Rafel, said she is “disappointed” over the police response - adding that it “could have been a different outcome” if officers had arrived sooner. Her comments came as the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) launches an investigation into Gwent Police and South Wales Police, amid allegations they did not take matters seriously. Ms Actie told Sky News: “I heard the girls' mums had contacted (police) but it had taken several hours (to respond). I feel they should have acted straight away.” She described her brother as a “big character, happy, loving, bubbly”, and said: “He was very popular, a nice man.” Ms Actie added: “I like to think that if (police) got there sooner, it would have been a different outcome.” DON'T MISS: Five key questions in fatal Cardiff car crash mystery [REVEAL] Dad describes 'numbness' in tribute to daughter killed in car crash [REPORT] Heartbroken sister of car crash victim 'disappointed' by police  [REVEAL]   Detectives investigating the collision are now appealing for anyone who was in the area or who may have been travelling east along the A48 Eastern Avenue between Cardiff and the St Mellons off-slip which links to the roundabout of the A48, B4487, and Cypress Drive (near Blooms Garden Centre) who may have dashcam footage from this time to come forward. They also want to speak to anyone who was travelling in the area and may have seen the Volkswagen Tiguan. The appeal is for witnesses who may have seen the vehicle and there is no suggestion that another vehicle was involved in the collision. Assistant chief constable Jason Davies said: “The investigation is making good progress in piecing together the events leading up to the collision. Specialist officers will continue to carry out a detailed investigation which will enable us to provide the facts of what happened during the early hours of Saturday morning.”   