Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has the perfect opportunity to prove Pep Guardiola right in today's fixture against Liverpool after the Manchester City manager stated the Red Devils "are back". Since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement 10 years ago, United have gone through a frustrating period in trying to rediscover their foot at the top of English football. David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer all struggled to meet the high demands at Old Trafford. Ten Hag became the fifth permanent appointment at United since Ferguson's retirement last summer and initially struggled to get things going with seven league wins in their opening 13 matches. But the signs were there that Ten Hag was onto something as they picked up impressive victories against Arsenal and Liverpool earlier in the campaign. And Ten Hag has quickly built on those foundations over the past few months with United enjoying a rich vein of form since the Premier League restarted after the World Cup. Marcus Rashford has been at the forefront of United's recent success, scoring 10 league goals in as many games. But players such as Lisandro Martinez, Raphael Varane, Casemiro and Bruno Fernandes have also stepped up to push United further up the table.  Their recent run of form has even caught the attention of Guardiola, who said ahead of this weekend's round of matches that United are considered title contenders. Guardiola said: "They are back. Some are happy, this reunion, happier than the other ones, but it should happen sooner or later. I said a month ago United is back. "Their body language, how they celebrate the goals, the commitment, how they run for each other - in the past it was not like that - you feel that this is United, come on. Sooner or later they should be back. The strange thing about [the last] seven or eight years is that they were not there. That was the big surprise for me when I arrived seven years ago." While a realistic title contention may have to wait until next season with both City and Arsenal leading the way, United are within touching distance this year and a run of consecutive wins would see them close that gap. Today's match at Anfield against arch-rivals Liverpool arguably presents United with their toughest test between now and the end of the season.  Drop points to Jurgen Klopp's side and Ten Hag may have to forget about a title push and concentrate on solidifying his team's place in the top four. But Ten Hag has the chance to end United's seven-year wait of beating Liverpool twice in the league in the same season and in turn keep their title hopes alive. While Liverpool have been far from their best this season, Anfield has remained a fortress for Klopp's side in the Premier League as they remain unbeaten in 12 games at home this year. And the Reds appear to have picked up some good form in recent weeks, winning three of their last four league matches and not conceding a single goal. It's the biggest test of United's title credentials and a win for Ten Hag's side would prove Guardiola right in his assessment on Ten Hag's team.