Hair confidence is essential, so ladies that love their locks should stick with their current hairdo. But, for those who are struggling for ideas ahead of their next trip to the salon, a hairstylist offered a "universally flattering" solution which can make women over 50 look younger. Hair stylist and influencer Glam Girl Gabi took to YouTube to share the haircut perfect for over 50s. Glam Girl Gabi suggested that mature ladies ask for a mid-length cut with long layers. This is ideal for those who don't want to go as short as a blunt bob - even though this can create an "instant facelift" look. A mid-length chop with longer layers is a "perfect solution" for those with a "weak jawline" or a little extra "weight" on the face and neck. READ MORE: Facial yoga expert shares five-minute routine to transform your face She said that face-framing layers are "universally flattering - no matter your age, face shape, hair type or even body type". But why does the hairstylist "love" this chop and recommend it for all older ladies? She revealed that the length of the cut is what makes it work. It's not short enough to "widen the face". Equally, it's not long enough to "drag the face down" or make the hair look "too thin". Don't miss... The five star signs that are great with money  [LATEST] Will and Kate's Taj Mahal photo conveys 'different romantic story'  [LATEST] Aldi recalls chocolate product - some customers should 'not eat' [LATEST] She offered an important tip: "If you keep the layering light at the back and more focussed at the front - depending on the hair's density - you should maintain a relatively dense baseline but also soften the face out significantly." Creating movement in the hair with textured layers has a transformative effect on the overall face shape, according to the expert. She explained that as people age, their face and neck lose elasticity which can result in "sagging". But adding layers effectively "contours" the face and softens anything we may find "unflattering". READ MORE: Anti-ageing exercise which promises a 'completely new body' This is also a great haircut because it is versatile and also easy to maintain - it doesn't need to be trimmed super frequently unlike a blunt bob. It's perfect for those who don't know what to ask for on their next trip to the salon because it "looks so good on everyone". However, Gabi also expressed the importance of finding a style and sticking to it if it makes you feel good. She told women to stop listening to "hard and fast rules" about hair for older women. Some experts advise older women to cover their grey hairs, while others advise them to stop trying to look "trendy". Some stylists think that mature women should have a huge chop as longer hair is no longer age "appropriate". Gabi stated: "I've always seen hair and makeup as a decorative art form and an amazing form of self-expression. "Just on how there are no rules on how you should decorate your Christmas tree or your house, you do whatever the heck makes you happy and whatever you think looks good."