Their shamelessness still needed a fig-leaf. Elections provided the required cover. Our current bureaucrats no longer feel they need any. They display their contempt for the electorate, our sovereignty, and our wishes in full light of day, everyday. The appointment of Sue Gray is the climax of a process to turn the United Kingdom into a one party state, which started under New Labour. An example has been the nationalisation of the charitable sector. Before 2002, a charity was not supposed to be able to lobby. At the time, Tony Blair’s strategy unit saw that state-funded charities could be marshalled to campaign for social change. Charities, subsidised by the state, could be used to subvert “democracy”, as well as debasing the concept of charity. As a result, between 1997 and 2005, “the combined income of Britain’s charities nearly doubled, from £19.8 billion to £37.9 billion, with the biggest growth coming in grants and contracts from Government departments”. By 2022, the Charity Commission “regulated £83.8 billion of charity income”, equivalent to close to 10 percent of the United Kingdom government’s total spend.The income from charities is now 550 percent greater than it was in 1997, much of it paid for by the taxpayer and used to lobby the government itself. As Christopher Snowdon at the Institute of Economic Affairs, the author of the report entitled “Sock Puppets: How the government lobbies itself and why”, wrote “by skewing the public debate and political process in this way, genuine civil society is being cold-shouldered”. In short, over the last two decades, taxpayers paid for the usurpation of democracy in our own country and our own subjugation. The Blair and Brown state used people’s benign views of the charitable sector to pursue their aim to change the United Kingdom into a bureaucratic dictatorship, which would deliver their version of a Social Justice paradise, without the need to ask the electorate its opinion: Its wealth would be sought, not its consent. Over time, the old moral certainties, which enabled our country over centuries to govern herself, without the iron fist of a centralised power, turned into an Orwellian dystopian nightmare, nearly overnight. Where there once was a common sense which threaded itself through our way of life, now there is fear and suspicion. No one knows what can or cannot be said, done or thought. In this New Labour Hell, speech is compelled; bullies internal and external rewarded; incompetence overlooked; self-loathing required; and the national interest degraded. To look at any sector of our national life is to witness it being crushed by centralised institutions to the detriment of our peoples, whose only crime is to have been born on these islands and having, over the course of centuries, vanquished the most terrible foes of civility and humanity. The Conservative Party is complicit too: on the one hand because for too long its leaders saw themselves as the heirs to Blair; on the other because those who didn’t did little to reverse the course on which our country was set. When Cameron and Osborne called themselves the heirs to Blair, they really believed it. They genuflected unashamedly to their idol. Rather than fight to detoxify our institutions, they doubled on Blair’s bet. As a result, after 13 years of Conservative rule, we see that nothing much has been delivered. Our state is more than three times the size of the one left behind by John Major in 1997. The growth in Government spending has only increased the power of the State and reduced that of the individual. The “Sue Gray” scandal, for this is what it must be called, is the end game of a process that was set in motion when Blair entered Downing Street in 1997. The Labour Party is the State and the State is the Labour Party. The Conservative Party, for the sake of appearances, was allowed to be in office. It was never in power. The referendum in 2016 was the first chink of light. When asked, our people voted for a dash to freedom. Our state, bewildered for an instant, fought back. With the duplicity so blatant, State actors lost their shame. Having banked on Theresa May to betray the country and lost, they were then horrified when the people of this country not only brought Boris back into power but effectively destroyed the Labour Party’s political wing for what ought to have been decades. Once again, taken by surprise, they implemented a coup. Boris Johnson was not without his flaws. But he was the elected leader of our country. His presence was too much for the overmighty state to live with. It therefore concocted a “putsch”, on the flimsiest of grounds and allowed him to be judged by Sue Gray and other members of the Labour Party ecosystem. Using COVID, smears and an armies of well-paid State actors, they brought down the elected leader of our country. Sunak, knowing he has no legitimacy and a non-existent political footprint, is in Downing Street at the State’s, and therefore Labour’s, Pleasure. He knows it, having seen what happened to both Boris and Liz Truss. He will toe the line. Nothing interesting will be done by him for us. He will not rock the boat, as his is a flotsam on the rough seas of a British political sea, poisoned by taxpayer-funded Social Justice warriors, Gender Equality fanatics, Green “end is nigh” zealots, and a Remainer establishment, filled with self-righteous hatred for the people of the United Kingdom. Starmer by appointing Sue Gray is telegraphing his clearest understanding of the situation, with which he is in fully agreement: the bureaucracy, that is to say Labour, is in power and there is little you can do about it. She, is turn, revealed in her colours as well, like in a Hollywood film, at five minutes to midnight. In so doing, she might have given us, the people of Great Britain a slim chance to turn things around. We now know: The state, like an out-of-control virus, is out to kill the country, its host. They cannot be allowed to win. We owe our forefathers and our grand-children as much and more.