Mason Greenwood could play football again this season, despite Manchester United's ongoing internal investigation into his potential return to the club's first-team. United have reportedly received loan offers that would see the 21-year-old temporarily move away from Old Trafford. According to the Telegraph, the Red Devils have fielded enquiries over Greenwood's availability after the Crown Prosecution Service confirmed all charges against him had been dropped in February. Greenwood faced allegations of attempted rape, controlling and coercive behaviour and assault, but the 'withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light' saw the case dropped. And now, it is claimed some Turkish clubs and other outfits across Europe whose country's transfer windows remain open have since tried their luck to recruit him on a temporary basis. However, so far, United have opted against pursuing a deal for Greenwood while they continue their investigation into whether he has a future at the club. JUST IN: Tottenham appear to have easy Antonio Conte decision to make After the CPS announced the dropping of charges, United confirmed they would conduct their own process to decide the next steps. A club statement read: "Manchester United notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. "The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. We will not make any further comment until that process is complete." Erik ten Hag has also reportedly been in direct contact with Greenwood for the first time since he became manager last summer to check in on him. DON'T MISSMan Utd place Romeo Lavia on 'four-man transfer shortlist'Billionaire NBA owner makes takeover admission when asked about Man...Cristiano Ronaldo left Man Utd a parting gift after Elanga comments Greenwood's potential suitors are unknown, but if he were to leave Old Trafford, an overseas destination would be the most likely. Norway, Japan and South Korea are among the countries with currently open transfer windows. United will deem Greenwood best placed around the club while they decide whether to reintegrate him into Ten Hag's squad or offload him in the summer or earlier. The last of the England international's 129 United appearances came against West Ham United on January 2022, shortly before his arrest. But now free of all charges, Greenwood will be eyeing a return to football at his boyhood club or elsewhere as early as this season. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here