The Galaxy S23 and S23 Ultra might be two of the best Android phones to launch in 2023 but with prices starting from over £800 they aren't exactly affordable. Even with a new discount code from Samsung, the premium Ultra model will set owners back a whopping £1,099 which is ludicrously expensive. If that high price is simply too much for your wallet to cope with there's good news with it looking certain that Samsung is about to announce the release of two budget blowers. Although nothing has yet been confirmed in the UK, Samsung India has recently launched a dedicated webpage that shows some new devices and reveals a release date with the things set to be unveiled on March 16. A quick look at the site's URL code also shows the words Galaxy A which suggests this update will be new mid-range devices which will be much cheaper to own than the firm's S series. Samsung's current range of A Series devices cost around £300 which is much, much cheaper than opting for a flagship model. Although full details are yet to be revealed, a number of websites including Phone Arena have published details on what to expect from the event later this week. It's thought that Samsung will unveil two devices called the A54 and A34 with both featuring full access to 5G data speeds along with a design that's similar to the more premium S23 series. Judging from the pictures posted on Samsung's teaser page and on Twitter, it also appears that they will be available in a number of fruity colours and be water resistant. We'll have to wait and see exactly what is announced later this week or if the devices will be coming to the UK but it certainly appears to be good news for those looking for a cheaper Galaxy smartphone. Samsung definitely needs to fight back against its Android rivals in the budget phone wars. Nokia has just announced the launch of its new £149 G22 phone that features a repairable design that can be fixed at home. Motorola has also just joined the party with a swathe of devices, including the Moto e13 which starts from just £89. If you want to know more about Samsung's new devices then watch this space as Express.co.uk will bring you full details as soon as we hear more.