Kate, Princess of Wales wowed onlookers at Westminster Abbey as she arrived for this year's Commonwealth Day service wearing a stunning peplum suit. She joined husband Prince William for their first Commonwealth Day since assuming the titles Prince and Princess of Wales, as King Charles delivers his first Commonwealth Day address as Head of the global network. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Kate looked effortlessly elegant in a navy Erdem peplum suit teamed with Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond earrings. She last wore the earrings on a royal visit to Boston last year, and finished the outfit off with her Emmy clutch bag and Gianvito Rossi pumps. The theme for this year's service is 'Forging a Sustainable and Peaceful Common Future', highlighting the nations commitment to support peace, prosperity and sustainability, particularly through climate action, to ensure a better future for all Commonwealth citizens and young people. It was decided at last year's Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting that 2023 would be dedicated to youth-led action for inclusive development. During the service the King will deliver his Commonwealth Day Message from the Great Pulpit, with special performances froms axophonist YolanDa Brown, West End stars Roshani Abbey and Nuwan Hugh Perera, and the all-female Amalgamation Choir, from Cyprus. With Rwanda the current Commonwealth Chair-in-Office, the country's National Ballet, Urukerereza, will also perform.  Samoa has been chosen as the next Commonwealth Chair-in-Office and will host the upcoming Heads of Government Meeting in 2024. As a result Samoan environmental advocate Brianna Fruean, the youngest recipient of a Commonwealth Youth Award at age 16, will be giving a speech at the service. Around 2,000 people will be invited to the Abbey, with guests of honour including the Commonwealth Secretary-General, the Prime Minister of Samoa, High Commissioners, senior politicians and dignitaries from across the UK and the Commonwealth. READ MORE: King Charles likely to completely snub Prince Harry in his will Other guests include athletes from the home nations who competed at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham last summer, faith leaders, and over 750 school children and young people from throughout the UK. When departing from the Abbey members of the Royal Family will have the opportunity to meet people involved in the service, such as the Commonwealth Flag Bearers. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will not be at the Commonwealth Day Service having stepped down as working royals in 2020. They once held the titles of President and Vice President of the Queen's Commonwealth Trust, a charity that supports entrepreneurs aged 18-35 across the Commonwealth nations.  Don't miss... Prince Harry ‘on the horns of a dilemma' over Coronation attendance [LATEST] Meghan Markle ridiculed by SNL as 'Hollywood is laughing at her' [SPOTLIGHT] Harry and Meghan will 'make positive step' with Coronation visit [REVEAL] Other senior members of the Firm who are in attendance include Princess Anne and the new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh. Edward and Sophie, formerly the Earl and Countess of Wessex, were bestowed with their new titles by King Charles last week. The title was previously held by Charles and Edward's father the late Prince Philip, who expressed his desire for his title to pass onto his youngest son. Their teenage son James will now become the Earl of Wessex. 