Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's "destructive behaviour" is what led to their eviction from Frogmore Cottage, a royal expert has said. The couple were gifted Frogmore Cottage as a wedding gift by the late Queen, and since their move to the US, they have used the home as their UK base. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams claims that the couple "had it coming", after previous reports that they were "stunned" over the King's decision. Mr Fitzwilliams added: "It will most certainly mean the Sussexes' visits to Britain are few. "It is their own fault because of their unpredictable and destructive behaviour." He continued: "They are obsessed with controlling the narrative [and] here they are apparently 'stunned'. They had it coming!" READ MORE: Archie and Lilibet now ‘highly unlikely’ to receive royal titles after Frogmore eviction It has been reported that the King made the decision just hours after Prince Harry's book, Spare, was released in January. A source told Page Six that King Charles began the process of the eviction just 24 hours after the release of Spare. The couple lived in the cottage, which was based in Windsor, for six months before they left the UK. It has been reported that the King is planning on offering the property to Prince Andrew, who currently lives in Royal Lodge. READ MORE: Piers Morgan tells Sussexes ‘Charles has had enough’ as royal pair booted from Frogmore  Speaking of what this means for the future, a source told The Sun that the eviction "surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan’s time in the UK." Writing in his Yahoo column, the author of Meghan and Harry's unofficial biography 'Finding Freedom', Omid Scobie, said that Frogmore Cottage is where the couple "based themselves during multiple stays since moving to California." He added that the Windsor cottage was the couple's "only sufficiently secure refuge in the country since their access to armed police protection was taken away in 2020". DON'T MISS The couple lost their right to police protection after stepping down as senior royals in 2020. They undertook their final engagement as senior royals in March 2020, just before the world entered into lockdown. The couple now reside in the US with their two children, Archie and Lilibet.