Arsenal can extend their lead at the top of the Premier League table when they host Everton on Wednesday night, with Liverpool also in action against Wolves. But fans will struggle to get their Premier League fix as neither game will be screened live on television. Why aren’t the matches on television? Both fixtures were originally scheduled to take place in game week seven in early September. But football across the country was cancelled that weekend after Queen Elizabeth II passed away. Neither game was due to be shown by official Premier League broadcasters Sky Sports, BT Sport or Amazon Prime at the time, which means they won’t be shown on Wednesday. What packages can broadcasters buy? Out of the 380 Premier League matches that take place every season, 200 of them are selected for live coverage. The games fall into one of seven packages sold to broadcasters during negotiations. Package A: 32 matches to kick off at 12.30pm on Saturdays Package B: 32 matches to kick off at 5.30pm on Saturdays Package C: 32 matches, with eight kicking off at 7.45pm on Saturdays and 24 kicking off at 2pm on Sundays Package D: 32 matches to kick off at 4.30pm on Sundays JUST IN: Tottenham strike F1 partnership with mission to achieve Hamilton dream  Package E: 32 matches, with eight kicking off on Sundays at 2pm and 24 kicking off at either 8pm on a Monday or 7.30pm-8pm on a Friday Package F: 20 matches, with 10 from one Bank Holiday weekend and 10 from one set of midweek fixtures Package G: 20 matches, all from two different sets of midweek fixtures Which packages do the broadcasters have? Sky Sports have the majority of the packages, having snapped up B, C, D and E. That means they are able to show 128 live games per season. BT Sport have obtained packages A and G, which allows them to screen 52 games, while Amazon Prime have package F. DON'T MISS Qatar 'rule out' two Man Utd scenarios with Glazers considering plan Kylian Mbappe's frosty reaction to Emi Martinez winning FIFA award Richard Keys slams Premier League chiefs for failing John Motson  Are there other matches to watch on Wednesday? While fans won’t be able to watch any live Premier League football on Wednesday night, they will be able to watch live FA Cup action. Gary Lineker is set to present the BBC’s coverage of Tottenham’s trip to Sheffield United in the fifth round, while Mark Pougatch will be in the hotseat for ITV’s coverage of Manchester United’s showdown with West Ham at Old Trafford. Manchester City are currently the favourites to win the FA Cup after booking their place in the quarter-finals on Tuesday night courtesy of a 3-0 victory over Bristol City at Ashton Gate. 