Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been blasted for insisting their children receive royal titles after moving to America, a country which fought a war to ignore the royal family. Buckingham Palace has changed its website to acknowledge the titles of Princess Lilibet Diana and Prince Archie Harrison. However, royal expert Kinsey Schofield questioned Meghan and Harry's motivations in desiring titles for their children, claiming the move was "monetary" in nature. "I do think that this is money motivated. Harry talked about wanting a family and not an institution. So why is it so important to him that his son be a Prince? And, specifically with Lili, these are American children now. Lili was born here in the states, what is she the princess of?" the LA-based royal expert opined on GB News. She added: "The Americans fought a war to not have to acknowledge royals. So I don't really understand what the objective is unless it's monetary." Asked about the Sussexes' popularity in the US, the host of the To Di For Podcast said Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales were more popular than the Duke and Duchess.  She said: "I can tell you confidently that it's William and Catherine who are winning the popularity contest here in the states. Harry and Meghan, after the release of Spare and even the episode of South Park, their popularity took a huge dive." "At this point they're less popular here in America than Prince Andrew." Meghan and Harry's popularity has plummeted in recent US polls taken since December last year. The polls show William and Kate, Princess of Wales are more well liked than the Duke and Duchess. A Redfield & Wilton poll for Newsweek late last month found that American's ranked Prince William higher than his brother at exemplifying traits including duty, loyalty and trustworthiness. The poll surveyed 1,500 Americans.  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry may have new 'Sussex tradition' after christening Technically, Lilibet and Archie became Prince and Princess when King Charles ascended to the throne after the death of their great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth II. However, they have remained "miss" and "master" on the Buckingham Palace website since King Charles became monarch. A spokesperson for Meghan and Harry publicly referred to Lilibet as a princess while announcing the news of her christening and the palace has now confirmed the website would be updated to reflect their titles. Typically royal children are christened at one of the family's residences, however, Meghan and Harry decided to have Lilibet baptised in a private ceremony at their $14.7 million Montecito home in California. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews  