Oleksandr Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk has confirmed that the undisputed fight with Tyson Fury is unlikely to take place in the UK. London’s Wembley Stadium had been the frontrunner to play host to the historic event. However, according to Krassyuk, Fury is demanding more money than a prize pot on British shores can stretch to. Organisers had initially hoped to stage the contest in Saudi Arabia in order to get the best possible payday for both fighters. But plans were diverted to Wembley after representatives from the Kingdom informed promoters that their new state-of-the-art stadium in Jeddah – which was set to be the venue for the contest – wouldn’t be ready until November. Fury and Usyk have been locked into negotiations for nearly four months now and are still far away from finalising the paperwork ahead of their proposed April 29 encounter. Delivering an update on the discussions with Seconds Out, Krassyuk said: “Regarding the UK, we’ve been working on the date of April 29th, which, according to the reports from Queensberry, cannot meet Tyson’s wants regarding the money he would love to get for it. “But at the end of the day, it is what it is. It’s not likely to happen in the UK on the conditions that the UK market can generate. What I hear from George Warren and Frank Warren, I can’t say that this is something that’s really happening or not. “I was told that Tyson Fury is asking for the kind of money that even if Usyk receives zero it’s still not gonna be sufficient to meet his requirements. I don’t know whether it’s true or not.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Eubank Jr left red-faced as Brit advised on new career after Smith KO Garcia slams Davis for turning up two hours late to press conference Paul takes swipe at KSI after mocking video following Fury defeat When asked whether Saudi Arabia is still a viable option, Krassyuk added: “You never know, anything can happen. These people can sometimes surprise us with some fights that we have recently seen. With the exposure this fight will bring [they could make another offer]. “When a guy like Tommy Fury is fighting someone that isn’t even a boxer, and you can have that many views around the world. So, these guys know how to surprise, so you never know they may surprise us with the heavyweight undisputed fight as well.” Krassyuk has confirmed that they may consider postponing the bout to a later date. But Fury’s promoter Frank Warren recently suggested that The Gypsy King will fight a different opponent on the same date if they can’t get the Usyk fight over the line for the springtime.