The Walking Dead stars Andrew Lincoln and Danai Gurira are making a return to the hit zombie apocalypse-themed show with a brand new spinoff series, continuing the story of two of their most loved characters, Rick and Michonne. The pair won't be alone, as it has been confirmed that actress Lesley-Ann Brandt will also feature in the upcoming AMC spin-off. Brandt has landed her first major TV role since saying goodbye to her Lucifer character Mazikeen. The Lucifer alum is set to take on the role of a character called Pearl Thorne in The Walking Dead's Rick-and-Michonne spinoff. The only detail fans have been given is that her new character will be "VERY South African", according to the actor. Creators of the spin-off haven't released any other details regarding Brandt’s role in the show as of yet. The actress took to social media this week to share the news with her 3.2 million Instagram followers revealing it is an “honour” to be a part of the spin-off. Brandt shared a screenshot of an article that confirmed the news that she will be joining the cast of The Walking Dead spin-off. She captioned the post: “An honour to help finish this epic love story. Special thanks to @danaigurira for advocating for this VERY South African character." The actress continued to praise her soon-to-be co-stars adding: “And to both Andrew and Danai for the warm welcome and to my directors @bertbertiedirectors #walkingdead #pearlthorne”. Fans quickly flooded the actress' comment section, sharing their excitement to see her in the upcoming spin-off. One fan, @joanne.millman wrote: “Those walkers better be afraid! Very afraid!! This is so exciting!” While @Casswilson13 commented: "Hold the front door! You and Andrew together on TV!?!? Hell yeah! 2 of my favourites. I’m all in.” A third @meldog1973 said: “Well, I guess I’m going to watch it now. I wasn’t but this is just too much to resist!” The spin-off is currently in the making, as it was confirmed that the crew began filming in New Jersey last month. The Walking Dead’s former showrunner Scott Gimple has written the show alongside the franchise’s long-running producer and director Greg Nicotero, who will be behind the camera. The spin-off finds the original Walking Dead stalwart Grimes and his longtime leading lady returning to their roles of star-crossed lovers Rick and Michonne. The show has not yet been titled but a synopsis has been released to give fans a hint of what they can expect as the couple are “thrown into another world”.  It reads: “Rick and Michonne are thrown into another world, built on a war against the dead… and ultimately, a war against the living. "Can they find each other and who they were in a place and situation unlike any they’ve ever known before? "Are they enemies? Lovers? Victims? Victors? Without each other, are they even alive — or will they find that they, too, are the Walking Dead?” The upcoming spin-off will return to AMC sometime next year and will run for a total of six episodes. The Walking Dead seasons 1-11 are currently streaming on Disney+ in the UK.