Bruno Fernandes has escaped punishment from the Football Association after it emerged they will not investigate the Manchester United star over allegations he pushed a linesman, according to reports. The claims were made against the Portuguese playmaker during United's 7-0 thrashing at the hands of Liverpool, where Fernandes is accused of a physical altercation with the official in question. Footage from the game broadcast on live TV appeared to show Fernandes push the assistant referee after reacting to a robust challenge from Trent Alexander-Arnold near the corner flag. The Liverpool defender threw the ball at Fernandes and his complaints to the officials fell on deaf ears, and as he ran back towards the pitch, he could be seen shoving the official with his right arm. But according to The Mirror the FA are not looking into the matter. The match officials at Anfield did not take any formal action for the incident and, while the FA are able take retrospective disciplinary action if a player committed a sending-off offence that was ‘not seen’ by the match officials, the incident will not be looked at again. READ MORE: Fernandes furious reaction with Garnacho typifies Man Utd The FA recently wrote to all clubs reminding them of their responsibilities in relation to the behaviour of participants. And despite his behaviour on the pitch, Fernandes looks to be in the clear of receiving any match bans. Martin Cassidy, chief executive of Ref Support UK, which is dedicated to independent training, support and development of referees, told the PA news agency Fernandes should be facing a lengthy ban from the FA. "I think he’s got to be looking at at least a five-game ban," he said. “To get in contact with a match official is a serious offence and should be treated such way. I think that would be absolutely appropriate. There’s got to be a strong message here that this kind of behaviour is not acceptable at any level at all, and I hope the Football Association make that clear." The 28-year-old's behaviour was heavily criticised by former United defender Gary Neville, who labelled the playmaker a "disgrace" after appearing to feign contact from Ibrahima Konate and demanding to be substituted by Erik ten Hag. Don't miss... Jamie Carragher accuses Neville of 'crying off' MNF after Man Utd loss [LATEST] Man Utd 'played with 10 men' against Liverpool due to 'lazy' starlet [LATEST] Neville left with egg on face over Arsenal jibe as Man Utd collapse [LATEST] "Bruno Fernandes is stood in the centre circle with his arms raised saying 'why is not me coming off?'" Neville said on commentary for the game. "I have to say I think some of his behaviour in the second half has been a disgrace. I think he's been brilliant for Manchester United at times with his assists and goals." There have been widespread calls for Ten Hag to strip Fernandes of the captaincy after his antics on the pitch, but it remains to be seen whether the Dutchman would take such drastic action. Fernandes spoke to the media after the game following United's worst-ever defeat to Liverpool and their heaviest in the Premier League era. And the Portuguese admitted the performance fell way below their expected standards. "We came here with a different mindset before the game. I think the first half was really good for ourselves, we had a lot of chance, we controlled most of the first-half, I think they didn’t create that much. "But I think obviously the second half was not at our level. We gave too much away, we gave too much time and counters to them and we knew how much of a threat they are with that. Not our level, and we know how much better we can be, how much quality we have. It’s just about now going to the next game and get the result back." Fernandes added: "I think the team tried to react but in a reactive way. When you go forward and you give so much space to Liverpool, you try to go forward and you try to score goals but we lost a bit of balance, lost a bit of control, our positions on the pitch.