Arsenal continued their impressive run of form in the Premier League with a 3-0 win away to Fulham that saw the Gunners reclaim a five-point lead at the top of the table. Leandro Trossard was the star of the show with three first-half assists, as Gabriel, Martin Odegaard and Gabriel Martinelli got on the scoresheet. Here, Express Sport looks at some of the key moments at Craven Cottage, as the Norwegian's leadership was on full display. Arsenal have conceded four goals from corners since the World Cup, twice as many as the two they let in before the mid-season break in 21 matches. Excluding penalties, five of the Gunners’ last 10 games before the trip to Fulham saw a set-piece goal go past their own goalkeeper. No team had scored more goals from set pieces than Fulham before the game, but Arsenal were encouragingly able to keep the hosts at bay despite having several Andreas Pereira dangerous deliveries enter the Arsenal box, while also taking the lead through a corner as Gabriel nodded home from Trossard's cross. The centre-back also scored the winner in the return fixture with a header, as he may have a new favourite fixture on the schedule. JUST IN Arsenal and Man City target Kvaratskhelia scores Napoli stunner [TRANSFERS] Gabriel Jesus picked up an injury that prematurely ended his World Cup campaign and forced the Brazilian to undergo knee surgery in December, though was named on the bench at Craven Cottage and due to Arsenal's comfortable advantage, he was able to make a 15-minute cameo. The returning striker had several good touches in his first appearance for four months as Mikel Arteta will be delighted that he can call upon the striker for run-in, he was sharp to find himself in front of goal ahead of a big chance as fellow substitute Fabio Vieira laid the ball on for Jesus in front of goal after the striker's clever flick, though Bernd Leno denied Jesus a comeback goal. Don't miss... Arteta gives spicy response after Arsenal celebration investigation [INTERVIEW] Haaland's crazy Man City admission shows Arsenal reality of their task [REACTION] Micah Richards left flustered as Daniel Sturridge makes 'Gooner' claim [LATEST] Arteta may have attempted to dupe his Fulham counterpart Marco Silva prior to the game, after ruling Trossard out of the cross-London trip as the Belgian missed the 2-2 Europa League draw at Sporting Lisbon on Thursday. “Eddie [Nketiah] is out too so we have Gabi [Jesus] out, Eddie out and Leo [Trossard] is out so we have to adapt in this period of the season,” Arteta said in his pre-match press conference. “We have different options, we can play with a winger more as a nine, we can play with a false nine, let’s see.” Arsenal supporters and upcoming head coaches will now take the Spaniard’s injury updates with a pinch of salt as both Trossard and Jesus featured against Fulham, despite Arteta claiming that they would miss the game, while the former Brighton forward chipped in with three assists. Many were surprised when Odegaard was named captain, as his understated nature did not publicly translate to being a leader. However, the midfielder has gone on to be an outstanding dressing room leader that has taken Arsenal to the top of the table. His leadership may have gone unnoticed during the win at Fulham though, after notching home the third goal Odegaard decided against celebrating on his own but made sure to recognise Trossard's assist immediately. Turning down the chance to celebrate his own finish and instead singling out his new team-mate for praise shows the necessary qualities that Arteta is looking for in a captain, as the Spaniard will be happy with Odegaard's thoughts immediately after scoring. Arsenal had been renowned for their stunning starts to fixtures as they immediately pegged their opponents back and blew them away to wrap up games early, though in recent weeks the Gunners have had to make a habit of making comebacks - including the famous Reiss Nelson 97th minute winner against Bournemouth last week. However, by half-time Fulham were glad to have been just 3-0 down as another dominant first-half performance ensured that the visitors were able to play the second 45 minutes at their own pace as they were able to record another vital three points. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.