Croydon’s largest accident and emergency facility is currently shut after a fire this afternoon. Croydon University Hospital confirmed on Twitter that the blaze had broken out in the department's building on the afternoon of March 5. It had sparked the evacuation of 80 people, none of which were hurt. While work is underway to get it back up and running for the community, people are urged to ring 111 if they are in need of any medical attention.    Croydon Health Services NHS Trust, responsible for this facility, tweeted: “Our A&E is currently closed due to an earlier fire. "We are happy to confirm that all of our patients & staff are safe & we will reopen soon thanks to the fast work of @LondonFire, but until then if you need urgent or emergency care, please contact #NHS111." A statement from the hospital says: "Our staff and the London Fire Brigade responded quickly to the alarm, which was raised at 2.58pm. "A total of 80 patients were safely evacuated from the Emergency Department to continue their care in other parts of the hospital, and we have discharged those patients who are well enough to go home.  "Whilst we work to assess and repair the damage, we would urge anyone in our local community who needs urgent and emergency care to contact NHS 111 for advice and to be directed to the nearest services available to them." The London Fire Brigade said that one room on the ground floor was "one hundred percent destroyed" in the fire, reports MyLondon. Labour councillor for nearby Norbury and Pollards Hill tweeted: "Croydon University Hospital is closed due to a fire earlier. "Relief to know staff & patients are safe and massive thanks to the Fire Brigade who attended the incident If you live in #Norbury and need urgent medical care, please call 111 or go to St Helier A&E - SM5 1AA".  READ MORE: Canal sealed off by police cordon as human remains found  A nurse from the area offered her words of support, writing: "Glad all patients and staff safe". The cause of the fire is not yet known. The London Fire Brigade (LFB) has confirmed they were called to the fire at 3pm. The brigade sent 20 firefighters in four fire engines, who tackled the flames for more than two hours, as reported by MyLondon. LFB said the fire was under control by 5.07pm.   DON'T MISSEU chief says privately that new Brexit deal fails to 'regain control' [UPDATE]Johnny Depp surprises staff at Lincolnshire antique store [INSIGHT]Christian Horner gives Lewis Hamilton title view after Mercedes issues [REVEAL] The fire brigade said one room on the ground floor of the hospital was "one hundred per cent destroyed" in the fire.