 As fans await a Below Deck Adventure season two renewal, chief stew Faye Clarke has reflected on her charter onboard the Mercury. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the reality star dished on the real reason she joined the hit Bravo franchise as well as reacting to fans' thoughts on her arrival.   Looking back on her career, Faye opened up about the reason she said yes to joining Below Deck Adventure. The 38-year-old shared: “I've done so much in my life from immigrating from South East London to Dubai. “I've backpacked pretty much the world I've lived really poor in Vietnam and Cambodia, and I've been rich in other places. But the one thing I hadn't done is actually be on TV. “At the time I was obviously a chief stewardess and I was quite successful in the industry, I was approached to represent my position and what yachting is all about.” READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation Faye admitted: “I was extremely scared, I'm not gonna lie, people filming your every move while you're trying to do so many tasks and succeed, for the world to see. “It’s quite nerve-racking, I'm not going to lie like when the taxi picked me up to take me to the airport, I was like, ‘You can turn back round if you want.’” She added: “You only live once and that's my philosophy. I want to get in my coffin and say I gave everything a go.” Throughout the charter, Faye drew in heaps of mixed reactions from viewers.   Some loved her approach to service and leadership, while others weren’t impressed with her rules and demands. Much of the backlash was sparked when she told stews, Oriana Schneps and Kasie Faddah to always wear makeup during service and often reminded them: “Look good, hair down.” Some fans were concerned Faye was “valuing appearance over performance,” and “cared too much about the wrong things". During the interview with Express.co.uk Faye hit back at viewers and stated: “Uniform and appearance is everything. DON'T MISS...Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [INSIGHT]Captain Sandy says it 'isn't easy' replacing Below Deck's Captain Lee [INSIGHT]Below Deck Adventure star Faye Clarke addresses future in season two [INTERVIEW]   “I wouldn't want my girls coming to work with wet hair just out the shower with no makeup on.” Faye explained: “I think when you're in service, you should look presentable you should make yourself look like you've made an effort. It's just etiquette.” Below Deck Adventure is the latest spin-off to come from the acclaimed Below Deck franchise. After the show landed in November 2022, viewers tuned in each week to watch the crew members work tirelessly to cater to their affluent and often demanding guests. As well as excursions such as helicopter rides, ziplining and scuba diving, there was also drama among the team. Each week, fans also had a lot to say about the crew as they took to social media to share their thoughts on Below Deck Adventure. The no-nonsense Captain Kerry Titheradge led the yacht, with Lewis Lupton as bosun and Faye as the chief stew. Below Deck Adventure is available to stream on Bravo in the USA and on Hayu in the UK. 