Arsenal reportedly want to sign at least four players in the summer transfer window. Declan Rice is one of a quartet of new faces Mikel Arteta wants to bring in. Arsenal are hoping to win their first Premier League title since 2004 this season. Arteta has overseen a huge transformation at the Emirates in the last 10 months. He has had a major overhaul of the squad ever since becoming boss in late 2019. And that is only set to continue at the end of this campaign. Arteta said in January that the club must use every transfer window to its maximum. With the likely addition of Champions League football next season, the Gunners will need a deeper squad. READ MORE: Sterling has already made feelings clear on Arteta as Arsenal transfer touted  The Times claims they are confident of winning the race to sign West Ham and England star Rice. He is out of contract at the London Stadium at the end of next season and, despite there being a one-year option to extend that deal, a decision will need to be made on his future soon. Chelsea have a long-standing interest in Rice. But Arsenal are hoping they can lure him to the club, with the Blues looking likely to miss out on Champions League qualification. The same report says Arsenal want to sign at least three other players as well as Rice. Arteta wants two central midfielders, a winger and a left-back. The second midfielder could be Brighton star Moises Caicedo. Arsenal failed with several offers to sign the Ecuador international in January but could return in the summer. DON'T MISSRoy Keane gushes over 'next Grealish' as Tottenham and Newcastle to battle for starMan Utd risk repeating Solskjaer transfer mistake with Ten Hag threatMan Utd told they have a future Balon d'Or winner for Ten Hag alongside Rashford  Brighton were determined not to sell the player midway through a season. Caicedo made it clear he was keen on moving to the Emirates but has since been reintegrated back into the Seagulls team after missing the FA Cup fourth-round win over Liverpool. It appears Arteta still wants to strengthen in wide-attacking areas, despite signing Leandro Trossard in the winter. Mykhaylo Mudryk was the top target but he joined Chelsea instead. Meanwhile, targeting a left-back would throw major doubt over the future of Kieran Tierney. Oleksandr Zinchenko has leapfrogged the Scot in the pecking order and Newcastle are reported to be interested in signing him. The Times says Arsenal would have to raise money through player sales in order to afford all the signings they want to make. Tierney would likely attract a fee around the £25million Arsenal paid for him in 2019.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here