Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says he expects Erling Haaland to be “better”, despite the fact the blockbuster striker has netted an incredible 34 goals during his maiden campaign in England. Haaland joined City from Borussia Dortmund last summer and has taken the Premier League by storm.   “I don't like one player just to score goals in the box,” Guardiola said as he spoke about Haaland ahead of his side’s Champions League clash with RB Leipzig on Tuesday night. “It's important, we need it of him. But away from [the] opponents box and he cannot score a goal, we need him to be active. We have to take a look at him, and he has to be involved. He has improved, he can improve better.” Haaland was in devastating form during the first few months of his Citizens career as scored a brace on his Premier League debut against West Ham, before hitting hat-tricks in matches against Crystal Palace, Nottingham Forest, Manchester United and Wolves. But the 22-year-old has been quieter in recent games and has only returned three goals in his last seven top-flight appearances. He also failed to find the back of the net during his side’s 1-1 draw with Leipzig during the first leg of their Champions League last 16 encounter last month.  Must read... Gary Lineker's hefty BBC salary and ‘close relationship' with ex-wife [INSIGHT] City’s result in Germany means their tie is on a knife edge going into the second leg at the Etihad Stadium. And Guardiola admits he’s expecting a tough game back on home soil. “They are so aggressive in the high pressing, have an incredible build-up,” the Spaniard continued. “Eight players inside, two incredible wide full-backs. You close inside they go to full-backs. When you defend outside they have more players inside. So difficult to control. Have to be in the right tempo for pressing.” Meanwhile, Guardiola has called on Kevin De Bruyne to rediscover his best form following an underwhelming period for the Belgium international. “Difficult season for all of us, me included,” the 52-year-old added.   Don't miss... Thomas Partey magic shows Arsenal are ready to claim title [SPOTTED] Arsenal's clock celebration after Fulham win explained amid fan theory [LATEST] Ronaldo shamed by Suarez, contract U-turn and bottle-kick fiasco [ANALYSIS] “The World Cup, many things. I'm not going to score for Kevin, it's his ability. I'd like him to go to the principles. He as incredible ability to score and passes. Always I believe they will increase with simple things, don't lose the balls. Simple things, do it again, get better. When this happens, the rest will come. “Like Erling, he will score and be involved, it means you are inside of the game. Kevin is the same, the simple things perfectly, move outside inside, attack the channels. The actions to create incredible passes will be easier.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE  