One of the Home Office's chosen sites to house asylum seekers has a “high risk” of containing undetonated explosives, “likely” ground contamination and “a risk of asbestos and leaking tanks across the site," Express.co.uk can reveal. A Ministry of Defence (MoD) report, obtained by this website, assessing the development suitability of MDP Wethersfield identified several challenges future developers would face in transforming the airbase that played a key role in World War 2 into a new facility.  Braintree District Council in north Essex was approached by the Government to discuss the possibility of requisitioning the former RAF base to house asylum seekers on March 6, the day before Suella Braverman launched her Illegal Migration Bill, designed to solve the crisis. The 800-acre airbase was first used during World War 2 before being taken over by the US Air Force (USAF) in the 1950s as the Cold War ramped up, only being returned to Britain in 1990. The MoD report, released in the summer of 2021, noted that “the Cold War munitions store area” that remains on the north Essex base “is likely to have a high risk of UXOs (unexploded ordnance) as is the area to the west of this site”. The type of UXOs on the base is currently unknown but both nuclear and non-nuclear weapons were stored at various points at the facility. Express.co.uk has visited the site and spoken to a group of British and American servicemen who were stationed on the base. Steve Bisel, who worked for USAF, reflected on his time in the “bomb dump control room”, recounting an incident in which a nuclear weapon went missing on the base for “two to four hours” before being recovered. The MoD study noted that the “demolition costs” on the airbase “are expected to be medium to high, due to asbestos risk and/or UXO”. On top of the concerns around UXO and asbestos raised in the report, former airbase staff, the Airbase’s museum curator and local campaigners have sounded the alarm over the presence of PFAS, otherwise known as forever chemicals. According to the US National Toxicology programme the use of two “extremely persistent” types of PFAS was “extensive” over a 50-year period. The chemicals, the programme claims, “affect multiple aspects of the immune system” and as such are a “hazard” for animals and humans. One of the industrial products cited as possessing these resistant chemicals is firefighting foam, something used for decades at the Wethersfield base. The RAF Wethersfield Museum Curator, Ross Stewart, said: “The airfield operated a large fire fighting section housed next to the Control Tower and two Kaman HH-43 Huskie Fire and Rescue Helicopters, each carrying a mobile system with 690 gallons of firefighting foam.” Besides putting out flaming aircraft following “actual accidents”, firefighting foam was used to put out blazes lit in demonstrations. The museum curator added: “USAF would also include firefighting demonstrations at the annual air shows and open days held from 1953 to 1988."  READ MORE: Home Office 'fearful' of China over unoffical prisons in the UK British Pathè footage, taken in 1956, shows American Wethersfield airbase personnel conducting a “special firefighting display” for young children, in which a fire engulfing an old aircraft is put using firefighting foam now considered to be dangerous. 