Alan Shearer and Ian Wright will face no punishment from the BBC after they boycotted Match of the Day last weekend in support of Gary Lineker. The English duo were the first of many employed by the broadcaster to confirm they would play no part in the coverage following the decision to suspend the presenter with the likes of Alex Scott and Mark Chapman following suit meaning the programme aired with no presenter, pundits or commentators. The BBC was thrust into crisis on Friday night after announcing that Lineker would be taken off air over a tweet that compared the language surrounding the Government's immigration policy to that of 1930s Germany. The Beeb's decision prompted a furious response from fans and many within the football community as Wright and Shearer decided to take a stance against the decision. The Arsenal legend was the first to confirm he would not be appearing in a show of 'solidarity' with Newcastle's record scorer joining him an hour later. Scott and Chapman followed suit along with Micah Richards, Jermaine Jenas and all scheduled commentators leaving the show guttered. The BBC were forced to show the highlights through their contractual obligations to the Premier League and it aired with no pundits or commentary, lasting just 20 minutes in comparison to the usual 80. Read more... Football news LIVE: Man Utd make Casemiro decision, Liverpool eye star [LIVE] The situation with Lineker has now been resolved and the 62-year-old will return to screens this weekend. The BBC has decided to take no action against those who boycotted the show in support of him and they are likely to return to screens in the near future. Lineker has hosted Match of the Day since 1999 and is widely regarded to be one of the best sports broadcasters in the world. However, he is the BBC's highest-paid presenter leaving him open to a greater level of scrutiny. He took to Twitter to praise those who had supported him after the BBC's reversal was announced as he looks forward to chairing live coverage of the FA Cup this weekend. "After a surreal few days, I’m delighted that we have navigated a way through this,"he wrote on Twitter. "I want to thank you all for the incredible support, particularly my colleagues at BBC Sport, for the remarkable show of solidarity. Football is a team game but their backing was overwhelming.  Don't miss... Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [GOSSIP] BBC crisis as Lineker row spirals out of control after staff mutiny [NEWS] Express readers react to Gary Lineker BBC row [REACTION] "I have been presenting sport on the BBC for almost 3 decades and am immeasurably proud to work with the best and fairest broadcaster in the world. I cannot wait to get back in the MOTD chair on Saturday." Lineker is likely to be back with Shearer over the weekend as the BBC's first-choice punditry duo however his reunion with Wright may have to wait a little bit longer with the Englishman usually seen on ITV instead during FA Cup matches. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 