During the winter period, it is difficult for households to dry their clothes indoors so instead turn to the help of their tumble dryer. However, this winter has proven to be slightly different. With the rise of energy bills, many have been putting off using their tumble dryer. To help minimise the costs of using this appliance, Sarah Dempsey of myjobquote.co.uk, has spoken to Express.co.uk to share her insights. If clothes are sopping wet when they are placed in the dryer, the appliance will have to work longer and harder to dry the clothes. Sarah noted: “This will result in an increase in energy consumption every time you dry your clothes. Plus, it will also put unnecessary strain on the machine.” Instead she suggested households use the spin cycle on their washing machine to remove excess water from the garments before drying them. If tumble dryer filters are blocked, the motor will have to work harder and this increases the energy consumption of the machine. With this in mind, it’s important to keep on top of keeping the filters clean at all times. For those unsure about how to clean the filters, refer to the dryer’s user manual. It’s a good idea to get into the habit of cleaning the dryer filters after each load. READ MORE: ‘Really effective’ small changes to reduce laundry costs and energy Households that want to get the most out of their dryer, it’s important to put the right amount of clothes in the load. The expert warned: “If you overload it, you’ll hinder the drying performance and may even cause damage to the appliance. “If you don’t put enough items in the load, you’ll be using a full cycle’s worth of energy just to dry a few things. As a quick rule, filling the drum by just over halfway is about the right amount for optimum energy efficiency.” Although households may be restricted on where they can place the dryer in the home, the laundry expert explained that it’s “important to keep the room where the dryer is well ventilated”. This is particularly important for those who have a vented dryer. For those who choose to dry similar fabrics together, the garments will usually take roughly the same amount of time to dry. This means that all of your clothing items will be dry at the same time. DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]‘Soak off’ stubborn air fryer grease with 4p item - ‘works like magic’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares 7 plants to prune in March - ‘only 1 rule to follow’ [EXPERT] Sarah warned: “If you dry several different types of fabrics together, the machine may be running for longer to try to dry one or two items even though the rest of the garments are already dry. This reduces the energy efficiency of the load.” For tumble dryers that cave sensor programmes, households should use these rather than timed programmes. The expert said: “Timed programmes will keep running even if everything is dry. This is clearly a waste of energy. “If you use sensor drying programmes, the dryer will stop when all of the garments have reached the required dryness level that you have set.” It may be tempting to add some more wet items to the dryer mid-way through a cycle. However, this is not good for efficiency. READ MORE: ‘Quicker’ method of drying clothes indoors to avoid ‘damp smells’ The water in the wet clothes will spread into the dryer clothes. This means that the entire load will take much longer and the machine will use more energy overall. It’s better to dry the extra wet items another way or wait for the next load. For those who have a lot of things to dry, they should do multiple loads one after another. That way, Sarah shared that each of the new loads will benefit from the heat from the previous load. She said: “This can shave off a few minutes of drying time. While this may not seem like much, every little helps when you’re trying to save money.” The expert claimed households can reduce the drying time by around 25 percent if they add dryer balls to the load. Dryer balls can help to soften the fabrics of clothes. They can also help to separate garments, allowing the hot air to flow more efficiently. This speeds up the drying process, making the dryer much more energy efficient. Laundry should always be untangled before being placed in the dryer. If your garments are all tangled together, they will take much longer to dry and will often be more difficult to dry. This means that the appliance will have to work harder and longer, which will reduce the energy efficiency of the load. When drying a duvet cover along with other items, it’s important to fasten the bottom of the duvet cover before placing it in the dryer. If people fail to do this other clothing items could become trapped inside the duvet cover, making them much more difficult to dry. Sarah warned: “Your clothes may come out wet or your dryer may work harder and longer to dry these items.” Closing the duvet cover will ensure everything remains separate.