Netflix’s controversial Royal drama will be coming to an end with its sixth season, which will follow the Queen (played by Imelda Staunton) and the Royal Family from the late 1990s into the turn of the century. New snaps have recently emerged featuring fans’ first glimpses of The Crown’s new cast members Ed McVey and Meg Bellamy filming as Prince William and Kate Middleton. McVey and Bellamy have been spotted shooting in running gear for the highly anticipated sixth season of The Crown. The actors appear to be filming the royals’ first meeting as students at the University of St Andrews in Scotland in 2001. Bellamy was sporting a light blue running jacket and jogging bottoms and was listening to headphones. While McVey as Prince William wore a heavy blue university hoodie and was seen turning his head to admire Kate as she jogged past. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail This sequence in the series will take place four years after the death of William’s mother, Diana, Princess of Wales (Elizabeth Debicki). Diana’s tragic death in a car accident in Paris will begin the sixth season, before the royals are rocked with more historical events and family drama around the millennium. The co-stars are currently filming in the royals’ real-life meeting place in Scotland, and were spotted on Friday, March 10. The scene will take place against the backdrop of the coast near St Andrews castle, complete idyllic grassy hills and a historic stone wall. As their meeting took place in 2001, shooting for the new season could soon be coming to an end as the series has reached the 21st Century. In their first interview after their engagement in 2010, Kate admitted she “went bright red” and “scuttled off, feeling very shy” after meeting William for the first time. It’s unknown if McVey and Bellamy were filming William and Kate’s very first meeting, though the pair were certainly new to each other in 2001. When the cameras weren’t rolling, both actors wore warm coats to protect themselves from the current cold temperatures. Don't miss... The Good Lawyer star opens up on ‘debilitating OCD’ [INTERVIEW] Party Down stars 'heartbroken' by Lizzy Caplan absence [EXCLUSIVE] The Mandalorian fans complain they ‘can’t see a thing’ in episode 2 [BACKLASH] The snaps also reflect the changing of the times in The Crown season six, as Kate uses wired headphones and both are wearing more modern sportswear Casting calls for the roles of Prince William and Prince Harry began in March 2022, while a call for young Kate Middleton was posted the following April. McVey and Bellamy’s casting was announced in September last year, with Rufus Kampas also joining to portray a teenage William. Showrunner Peter Morgan initially intended the series to end with season five, but Netflix later announced a sixth season to include further storylines. However, both Morgan and the streamer have ruled out a seventh instalment. Season six will therefore bring an end to the historical drama before William’s brother Harry meets his own future wife, American actress Meghan Markle. Plus, the series will conclude years before the sad deaths of Prince Philip in 2021 and Queen Elizabeth II in 2022. The Crown seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Netflix.