Carl Froch has slammed Gary Lineker after the Leicester City legend compared the Government’s plan to clamp down on migrants crossing the Channel to Nazi Germany. Home Secretary Suella Braverman recently put forward the Illegal Migration Bill, which if passed, is set to ban immigrants who cross the border in small boats from seeking asylum in the United Kingdom. The bill has caused a great deal of division amongst politicians and the general British public with many suggesting that it is not compatible with the European convention on human rights. Lineker is adamantly against the proposal and let his thoughts be known on social media. Taking to Twitter on Tuesday, Lineker commented on a Twitter video released by Braverman, in which she explained the policy. “Good heavens, this is beyond awful,” wrote Lineker. When challenged by someone in the thread below, he defended his comments, saying: “There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?” Lineker has received his fair share of backlash for the statement. The prime minister’s press secretary told assembled media that the remark was “not acceptable” before adding: “It’s obviously disappointing to see someone whose salary is funded by hard-working British [licence fee] payers using that kind of rhetoric and seemingly dismissing their legitimate concerns that they have about small boats crossings and illegal migration. “But beyond that, it’s up to the BBC, who I think have said today that they’ll be having a conversation with Gary Lineker, and it’s not for me to comment further.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul takes swipe at KSI after mocking video following Fury defeat Mayweather announces five-fight world tour despite Chalmers flop Paul responds to Fury Sr's demands after double or nothing handshake Among his critics is Froch, who has been blocked on the social media app by the Match of the Day host for quite some time. “Last thought of the day before I get some sleep. @GaryLineker is an absolute moron,” he wrote. “He won’t see this because he blocked me years ago, so do me a favour and share it. Thanks & good night.” However, Lineker has equally received plenty of support. “I have never known such love and support in my life than I’m getting this morning (England World Cup goals aside, possibly),” tweeted Lineker in response to the messages of goodwill. “I want to thank each and every one of you. It means a lot. I’ll continue to try and speak up for those poor souls that have no voice. Cheers all.”