The Hollywood A-lister also has a successful career in music and was personally requested by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to be the DJ for their big day. While the 50-year-old originally thought the royals were joking, he headlined the royal wedding and has now shared a rare insight into the popping-and-locking of the evening. The Luther star is most well-known for his sensational Hollywood roles but alongside a lucrative acting career, Idris is also a successful musician. In the past, Idris has played world-renowned Ibiza nightclubs and festivals, but even with this experience under his belt he never expected to be the entertainment for a royal wedding. Now, five years after the incredible evening, the actor has opened up on the experience of a lifetime with ET Canada for a special programme, One-on-One with Idris Elba, which is set to premiere tomorrow. The actor revealed that the best mover on the dancefloor was the Duchess herself, dressed in her wedding whites. READ MORE: Gary Lineker blasts critics after 'cruel' Nazi Germany migrant remark sparks uproar He told ET’s Carlos Bustamante: “I think Meghan was the one that was really like letting it go. “She was real. She just had a lot of fun. “It was her wedding so she had the greatest time." Performing at Frogmore House in 2018, Idris also revealed that Meghan Markle, 41, was also the one who provided the track list for the event. The list included an array of pop hits like Still by Dr Dre and I Wanna Dance With Somebody by Whitney Houston. Idris was joined by a number of other performers for the wedding, including 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason and Sir Elton John. Previously speaking on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Idris admitted he didn’t believe the offer was genuine when Prince Harry first reached out to him. The actor and the prince are relatively close as The Prince’s Trust, King Charles’ charity, gave Idris a helping hand when he was a burgeoning actor. Don't miss... Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’  [LATEST] Bruce Willis' wife slams 'dumb' claim Demi Moore 'moved in with ex' [LATEST] The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [LATEST] Over the years, the Prince attended some of Idris’ DJing events and was evidently impressed. He casually asked the actor: “What are you doing on (May 19)?" Idris shared: “I told him nothing and then he asked if I would DJ at his wedding... I was like is this a joke?” He admitted the responsibility was “a lot of pressure” but enjoyed the “incredible experience” dubbing the event: “A vibe”. The wedding was a star-studded affair with many of Meghan’s Hollywood colleagues and friends making an appearance. The royal couple only recently acknowledged the song they used for their first dance in their somewhat controversial Harry & Meghan Netflix documentary. Talking about their reception, the Duchess of Sussex shared: “I just really wanted the music to be fun. Even our first dance.” She struggled to remember the title of their first dance song, questioning “Song of 1,000 Dances?” before singing some lyrics of the 1966 hit Land of 1,000 Dances by Wilson Pickett.