Princess Anne and Duchess Sophie joined William, the Prince of Wales, but Kate, the Princess of Wales wasn't present. The reception was held in Buckingham Palace for the Commonwealth Secretary General, high commissioners, and other representatives of the 56-nation association. The reception followed the Commonwealth Day Service, which was held in Westminster Abbey earlier this afternoon. For the day service, both Anne and Sophie wore coat dresses but, by the evening, they had changed outfits. Sophie donned a navy blue dress, while Anne opted for burgundy. The Princess Royal's dress was dark purple, or burgundy, but also featured subtle pinstripes. The dress was long-sleeved and reached just below Anne's knees. She paired it with her black gloves, which she had worn for the day's event in Westminster Abbey. As for accessories, the royal donned the same gold brooch as she had worn during the day, but with added jewellery. Anne donned a three-stringed pearl necklace, very similar to the version her late mother wore during her lifetime. DON'T MISS: Eggs are now 56 percent more expensive than they were in October [FOOD] Princess Anne dazzles in recycled green coat and hat today  [STYLE] Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh is elegant in cream coat dress  [ROYAL FAMILY] Queen Elizabeth II was never seen without her pearl necklace. Anne completed her outfit with a pair of stud pearl earrings. These were different to the earrings she wore in the day, which were gold and diamond-shaped. The late Queen, again, was rarely seen without her pearl earrings, wearing them almost every day. For the Commonwealth Day Service earlier today, Anne's outfit was very different to her evening get-up. She wore a green coat dress and knee-high boots. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby The teal-coloured coat dress was a garment Anne has worn many times before, including to the annual Christmas Day service at Sandringham Church in 2016. Today, she paired it with a felt fedora, which was also green. As for Sophie, for the evening reception, she was seen in a navy blue dress with a huge bow just underneath the left shoulder. But like Anne, she paid tribute to the late Queen Elizabeth with her choice of jewellery. Sophie wore a pair of drop pearl earrings, different to the ones she had been wearing for the day event. For the Westminster Abbey service, Sophie had donned the same earrings she'd worn to her wedding, back in 1999. These were also pearls, but they featured both cream and black pearls. Sophie had also worn a heart-shaped brooch, pinned to the left lapel of her cream dress coat. The dress coat was by Proenza Schouler and is still available to buy on the fashion website Matches Fashion for a huge £2,535.