Sharing the photograph on their Twitter account, the Prince and Princess of Wales explained: "Pleasure to welcome The Crown Prince and Princess of Norway to Windsor this morning, discussing green energy, the environment and much more." For the occasion, Kate wore a fabulous green suit. Kate opted for a very elegant Burberry two-piece suit, a forest green oversized blazer and matching tailored trousers, for the official event in Windsor. The Princess of Wales donned a stylish silk blouse with a bow detail also in green tones. Royal fans took to social media to praise Kate's style with Twitter user @lovefamilywales saying: "Beautiful picture of future Kings and Queens." Another one, @brigantia_ commented: "Beautiful photograph" and @rohenke agreed and added: "Two nice couples!" READ MORE: Animal puzzle only people with ‘extraordinary intelligence’ can solve Kate recycled her Burberry tie-neck silk blouse which she wore last year to meet a group of schoolchildren at St John’s Primary in Bethnal Green, London. The top, which is the model Silk Crepe de Chine Tie-Neck Blouse in green, used to retail for £850 but the Princess of Wales has had the garment for years. Today, she kept her hair loose around her shoulders and sported a pair of diamond drop earrings and her sapphire engagement ring for jewellery.  Twitter user @Pooja33719735 said on social media: "Love these power couple vibes!" She added: "The Prince and Princess of Wales always conduct themselves with class and professionalism, getting on with their jobs and ignoring the drama." Royal watcher @lovewalesfamily added: "Aww so lovely to see them together. Such a beautiful picture!" "Great to see the Prince and Princess of Kate meeting with the Crown Prince and Princess of Norway, Kate looks stunning in this suit," opined @socially_awkward98. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Royal fan @Anya33440265 agreed: "How naturally relaxed, friendly and dignified the Norwegian royals look!" Crown Princess Mette-Marit of Norway opted for a long red dress featuring a round neck a long sleeves. She styled her blonde locks in subtle waves and wore a delicate diamond bracelet on her right wrist. Some fans opined that Kate may have chosen a green outfit because the meeting's aim was to discuss environmental issues. "Green clothes for green energy talks. Like it," commented @marskylaparsky, while @colleenramoo said: "Perfect colour… Green energy... Love it!" The Princess of Wales also chose green to attend the Earthshot Prize in Boston with Prince William last year. Kate opted for a lime green dress from Solace London which she combined with an emerald and diamond choker that once belonged to Princess Diana, and looked fabulous.