Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are looking to recoup some of the £2.4million they spent renovating Frogmore Cottage in the wake of their eviction, according to reports. Earlier this week it was confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex had been asked by the King to vacate their UK home following the publication of Harry's memoir Spare. The couple were said to be "stunned" at being asked to leave the property, which had remained their official base in the UK since 2019. Sunday Times royal editor Roya Nikkhah told True Royalty TV's The Royal Beat: "I am sure that will be something the bean counters at Buckingham Palace would have factored. "I don't think Buckingham Palace would give them notice, evict them and not be mindful of the fact there is a certain period left to run on the lease. Harry and Meghan renewed the lease last year, and I am sure they will be looking to get that money back. "I do not think that will be a problem - it's more about the optics. It is interesting the King and Buckingham Palace would have known how it would have played out optically."  She added: "It sort of implies that the King doesn't care about the optics of that decision. It's his decision; he is making it and has done it." Meghan and Harry were told 24 hours after Spare was published that they had to leave Frogmore, after the book made a number of damaging claims about the royals. King Charles reportedly believed his son had "crossed a line" with the criticism in his memoir, with the King, Queen Consort Camilla and Prince William all coming under attack. READ MORE: Fergie says Queen was ‘relieved’ Duchess could help her with Andrew In his book Harry accuses his stepmother of leaking stories to the press and claims his brother physically attacked him during an argument in 2019. He also says he and William begged their father not to marry Camilla, whom he calls the "villian" in TV interviews promoting Spare. Charles was reportedly given a dossier containing the most serious claims from the book by an aide, leadig him to take decisive action. DON'T MISS:King's first state visit confirmed as trips to Paris and Berlin [LATEST]'Outraged' King Charles evicted Harry after his attacks on Camilla [UPDATES]Charles's decision to evict Sussexes was like 'ripping off band aid' [REVEAL]  An insider said: "It was the last straw. Harry was well aware how Camilla would be a red line for his father and he crossed with flagrant disregard anyway. "The King felt without a doubt it crossed a line – it was the ultimate act of disrespect."  Harry and Meghan have already begun transporting their remaining belongings at Frogmore to their home in Montecito, California. They quit royal life in 2020 and now permanently reside in the US with their two children, Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet.