A man in the US had been living with a dead body for “several months” before he shot himself when police investigated his home. The unidentified 63-year-old took his own life after officers responded to complaints from neighbours about a foul smell and large flies circulating the property. Deputies, deciding to enter after noticing the insects, heard a single gunshot and found the 63-year-old dead with a self-inflicted wound in a bedroom. In an adjoining room, they then discovered the “severely decomposed” body of an unidentified 64-year-old man which had likely been there for “several months”. One neighbour also told investigators they had not seen or had contact with the man in months. Forensics are now working to establish his cause of death after the shocking discovery in Harris County, Texas at around 8pm on Saturday. “While deputies were viewing the home, they did notice that there were a lot of flies and bad odour coming from one end of the house,” Harris County Senior Deputy Thomas Gilliland told reporters. “At that point they decided to make entry into the home to check the wellbeing of that person and, as they made entry into the home, they heard one gunshot. “They did clear the home and at that point they did find another male body in a bedroom with a self-inflicted gunshot wound. “Then in another adjoining room they did find the body of a male that had been severely decomposed and had died, at least, on a timeframe of several months [ago].”  Linda Meadows, who lives across the street with her family, compared the scent to that of a dead rat stuck inside a wall. "If you ever smelled a rat in your wall, it's awful. As soon as they opened the door, you could smell it as soon as the wind blew it across the street. We knew something was really wrong," Mrs Meadows told ABC 13.  Don't miss... Sunak facing 'real test' with US trade deal charm offensive [EXCLUSIVE] 'I didn’t realise what we'd done to our son was bad until cops showed' [VIDEO] New York flight bound for London declares emergency and is diverted [INSIGHT] Another local resident, Alton Bell, phoned 911 after becoming alarmed while mowing his lawn. He told the news outlet: “Yesterday, I was mowing the grass and going beside the house. "I was going into the backyard, and I noticed a bunch of flies that were above the normal size.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 