Prime Video’s new musical series about the rise and fall of a famous rock band is one of the most anticipated new releases of the year, based on Taylor Jenkins Reid’s bestselling novel Daisy Jones and the Six. Riley Keough, the granddaughter of Elvis Presley, was a natural fit to portray the show’s titular singer-songwriter, but recently admitted she never considered creating her own music. Keough revealed she never tried making music as a career despite being related to one of the most famous performers of the 20th Century. The actress is best known for indie favourites Zola and Under the Silver Lake, as well as blockbuster Mad Max: Fury Road. She stars alongside Sam Claflin and Suki Waterhouse in Prime Video’s new drama, which is loosely based on Fleetwood Mac’s success and backstage drama in the 1970s. “I think that I’m musical. I have an ear, I can carry a tune,” Keough revealed. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges “But I’m not… music wasn’t, sort of, my thing. I was always more interested in film and acting and writing. “And filmmaking. I had to work really hard at it actually, it was a challenge.” Up until now, Keough’s only experience with the music industry was appearing in two music videos; Justin Timberlake’s TKO in 2013 and more recently in 2022 for Orville Peck’s Hexie Mountains. However, she and her co-stars who make up the Six learned how to sing and play their own instruments to bring Reid’s songs from the book to life. To accompany the series, artists Marcus Mumford, Phoebe Bridgers, Jackson Browne and more contributed to a vinyl record featuring the band’s songs. Fans familiar with Reid’s original novel will be thrilled to hear the album for the very first time, and Keough was stunned by the results. “One of the questions they asked me when I signed on was, ‘Would you go on tour?’” she recalled. “And I was like, ‘Yeah, sure, whatever’. You kind of just lie to get jobs.” DON'T MISS:Riverdale trailer leaves fans baffled by time-travelling final season [REACTION]Amy Slaton spotted beaming days after ‘split’ from husband [LATEST]9-1-1 Lone Star boss admits he ‘regrets’ major death [INTERVIEW] “But I never imagined I’d have an album. I never thought I’d do music, so it’s so incredible. “We have a whole record coming out with some incredible songwriters on the record. It’s just mind-blowing.” For the TV adaptation, Keough and the band also performed in front of hundreds of extras to ensure their concerts felt as authentic as possible. Although The Six start out as a struggling band playing small gigs on the Sunset Strip in Los Angeles, they’re soon playing to sold-out crowds when Daisy reinvents their sound. “We rehearsed for about a year and a half,” Keough told Stephen Colbert on The Late Show. “Because Sam and I, the other lead singer, had never sung before. So it was, like, a year of band rehearsal for us. “And then we ended up being a pretty confident band. So by the time we were playing these stadium shows, we were all just very excited to be there. “We got real audiences, which was super exciting. They were paid, they loved us.” The show’s three-episode premiere on Friday introduced fans to the band’s first hit single, but plenty more soon-to-be iconic tracks will be revealed as the weeks go on. Daisy Jones and the Six continues Fridays on Amazon Prime Video.