  Saturday Night Takeaway hosts Anthony McPartlin and Declan Donnelly, both 47, have lifted the lid on various TV blunders and big-name divas after looking back on over thirty years in showbiz. Despite their immense popularity, the pair have admitted they “would have been cancelled” if social media had existed when they first started out.     Over the years Ant and Dec have met with some big names including Christina Aguilera, Paul McCartney and Jennifer Lopez – to name a few. But one celebrity encounter that would not have gone down well today and played out very differently was with Guns N’ Roses guitarist Slash. According to Dec, back in the 2000s Slash “dropped a couple of F-bombs live on the kids’ show.”     “There was no social media!” the star recalled in an interview with HuffingintonPost. “[Now] it would be on there in seconds.” Ant continued: “We were very lucky that it was on air in a time where we could learn our craft and make mistakes, and people might talk about it at school on Monday.” Dec joked by adding “Thank God, because we wouldn’t be here now.    “We’d have been cancelled 10 times over!” the star admitted. Outbursts like this typically go viral by spreading across popular social media networks which can lead to a person being “cancelled”. Cancel culture is a new and popular phenomenon, which many celebrities have been vocal about over the past few years.     Those who are deemed to have acted or spoken in an unacceptable manner are “cancelled” by being ostracized, boycotted or shunned by the public or industry in which they work. This has recently included the likes of Kevin Spacey, Chrissy Teigen, Kanye West and J.K Rowling. Ant and Dec started out in the 1990s as teen actors in Grange Hill, before moving on to a mildly successful pop career.     After the pair had made waves in the music world, they decided to move into presenting. The duo were then part of SM:TV Live alongside Cat Deeley which catapulted them into fame. Nowadays, the comedy favourites are best known for their shows Saturday Night Takeaway and I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!.  