King Charles has reportedly asked the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to pack their bags and move out of their Windsor home for good, in a sign that relations between the pair have reached an all-time low. Talks about the future of the property have been ongoing for some time, but the monarch made the final decision after Harry published his tell-all memoir Spare, suggesting that the King was far from happy with his son’s unflattering take on the Royal Family.    Harry and Meghan have been left “stunned” by the decision, a source told the couple’s unofficial biographer Omid Scobie, and it’s no surprise as Frogmore Cottage has been described as “the only place left that’s safe” for them and their children to reside when they come to the UK. When the family-of-four came back for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last June, they barely left the safe confines of the Windsor Estate as they are no longer granted police protection - an issue that has been escalated to the High Court. By taking away Harry’s only safe place in the UK, the King is effectively telling his son that he’s no longer welcome home. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan won't 'feel safe in UK' without Frogmore  The Sussexes will now have to find somewhere else to stay if they return for holidays or landmark royal events. Perhaps they’ll ask to crash with Princess Eugenie or Princess Beatrice, Harry’s cousins that make up the few members of the Royal Family that they have remained close with, or book a plush London hotel. But the latter is unlikely given their obsession with privacy. Harry and Meghan have just weeks to vacate the property, with sources telling Mr Scobie that they are expected to have cleared it by “early summer” - with the Coronation proving the perfect time for the couple to get their affairs in order. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry warned over 'explosive new chapter' in Spare [EXPERT]Harry & Meghan attack backfires after Kate and William take 'kicking' [INSIGHT]Kate and William wise to Harry and Meghan's 'mission of destruction' [COMMENT] The King is understood to want his son to attend the historic event in May, but the Frogmore decision suggests reconciliation isn’t at the forefront of his mind and that Harry’s relationship with the Royal Family is over. At the heart of the eviction is a father who’s outraged by his son’s repeated criticism of the institution he sits at the head of, and personal attacks levied against close family members. It clearly shows that relations are worse than anyone thought, and without a permanent base in the UK it seems unlikely that Harry and Meghan will be rushing back to the UK anytime soon.   