After Daniel Craig stepped down from the James Bond role following No Time To Die, the internet has been ablaze with rumours over who could take over from him. Idris Elba's name naturally came up, and he has been high up in the Bond odds ever since. But the British actor believes he has found something equally as powerful in his new Luther movie. Elba has been hounded with questions about becoming the next 007 for years, but he's done talking about it. In a conversation with Magic Radio, he explained: "The Bond series is an incredible staple to the UK and the world right, but Luther could take up some of that real estate." He previously stated he's "not going to be that guy" while referring to the media storm surrounding his 007 casting: "I’m going to be John Luther. That’s who I am." Speaking about his new movie (Luther: The Fallen Sun), he added: "It is not about espionage, but it is about how to catch them. I think Luther tends to be a little bit more relatable, you know grounded. You know guys that creep from under your bed." At 50-years-old, Elba is probably a little too old to become the next James Bond, but that - and his growing popularity - hasn't stopped rampant speculation. The fervour was made even worse when Bond boss Barbara Broccoli told Deadline he was "part of the conversation" about the next Bond movie. "Well, we know Idris," she said. "I'm friends with him and he's a magnificent actor ... but it's always difficult to have the conversation when you have someone in the seat. I think we have decided that until No Time to Die has kind of had its run and Daniel has been able to, well, we've all been able to, reap the benefits of Daniel's wonderful tenure, we're not gonna think about or talk about anybody else, actors to play the role or storylines or anything. We just wanna live in the moment, the present." As a result of these comments, Elba's odds on becoming 007 skyrocketed. DON'T MISS...James Bond actor left Roger Moore in tears after tragic deathPierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisableJames Bond rewrites is to be made with 'guidance from the author' Elba currently has 16/1 odds on becoming the new-and-improved James Bond. And he's in good company, currently sitting neck-and-neck with Aidan Turner (of Poldark fame) and just behind Bridgerton hunk Regé-Jean Page. Elsewhere in the odds is Tom Hardy, who has a staggering 9/1 on becoming 007. As well as Henry Cavill who nears the top of the leaderboard with a powerful 5/2. Despite still having a long way to go where the odds are concerned, Elba is focusing on the release of his Luther movie. Something that he has claimed he is "very proud" of. Elba also told Magic Radio how excited he is to build an ever-growing film universe with the no-nonsense detective. "Hopefully it is the beginning of the new chapter," he said. "Sounds corny, but you know we have gone from television, we have gone as far as we can and now, we have got the world as our stage. Big epic landscapes and you know infinite stories." He also added he would "love" to do a musical: "I started off, my first semi-professional job was Guys & Dolls and I played Big Jule and I loved it. And I was the understudy for Sky Masterson, so I did the whole singing and dancing number, and I loved it.” You can hear the full interview with Idris Elba Monday on Magic Radio Breakfast from 6am. Luther: The Fallen Sun is in cinemas now, and hits Netflix on March 10.