Disgraced lawyer Alex Murdaugh was sentenced on Friday to two consecutive life sentences in prison for the murder of his wife Maggie and youngest son Paul. Judge Clifton Newman confirmed the sentence the day after a jury convicted Murdaugh on Thursday. Maggie, 52, and Paul Murdaugh, 22, were killed at the kennels near their rural Colleton County home on June 7, 2021. Ahead of the sentencing, Murdaugh insisted he would have never hurt his wife or his "Paw Paw." Murdaugh said he continues to see Maggie and Paul "all day and every night" since their death. Judge Newman expressed his disappointment over Murdaugh's "duplicitous conduct" during the trial as he noted his family's long-established link to the local legal community. He said defendants previously convicted in his court were handed the death penalty for "lesser conduct" than his. Newman said: "It might've not been you. It might've been the monster you become when you take 15, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60 opioid pills. "Maybe you become a different person. I've seen that happen before." A juror said on Friday it only took 45 minutes to an hour to get the whole team to agree on Murdaugh's guilt. Throughout the trial, Murdaugh maintained he did not kill his wife and son despite admitting to misleading the police in the initial phases of the murder inquiry. He had told police that he was not at the kennels but was napping at home before visiting his ailing mother the night of the killing. JUST IN: Disgraced Alex Murdaugh shows no emotion as he's found guilty of murder Murdaugh called 911 and said he discovered the bodies when he returned home. However, evidence emerged suggesting the disbarred lawyer had been at the scene when Maggie and Paul were murdered. Jurors heard from more than 75 witnesses and sifted through nearly 800 pieces of evidence, listening to tales of betrayed friends and clients as well ad Murdaugh's attempt to stage his own death in a failed insurance fraud scheme. The case appeared to be sealed thanks to evidence from Paul's own phone as witnesses testified video shot minutes before the killings had captured the voices of Maggie, Paul and Alex – despite him claiming to have been away. Juror Craig Moyer said the video was key to convincing him of Murdaugh's guilt. READ MORE: Two-year-old dead after ‘reckless’ dad leaves him in car The son of a prominent South Carolina family, Murdaugh admitted to stealing millions of dollars from the family firm and clients, saying he had used the money to fuel his drug addiction. Before he was charged with murder, Murdaugh was in jail awaiting trial on about 100 other charges ranging from insurance fraud to tax evasion. Prosecutors told jurors that Murdaugh was afraid he would be found out, so he killed his wife and son to gain sympathy to buy time to cover his tracks. In addition to his murder sentence, he could still face another 700 years in prison for his financial crimes. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews