Manchester United have reportedly held internal discussions about signing Brighton star Alexis Mac Allister. The 24-year-old has starred in the Premier League this season and helped Argentina win the World Cup in Qatar last year. United have enjoyed an upturn in fortunes under Erik ten Hag this season and look set to return to the Champions League next term after climbing to third in the Premier League table. Ten Hag has already spent huge sums of cash to bring in a whole host of players since taking the helm but will return to the transfer market in the summer to build a squad that can compete for more silverware next time around. According to CBS Sports, the Red Devils have discussed the prospect of signing Mac Allister, but Liverpool, Chelsea and Manchester City are also worth watching as the battle for the player’s signature intensifies. Mac Allister still has over two years remaining on his current deal at the AMEX Stadium, but could be allowed to depart Brighton for £60million. Mac Allister played a major role for Argentina at the World Cup as he started six of his country’s seven matches. He scored during the group stages against Poland and then laid on an assist for Angel Di Maria in the final against France. Read more... Liverpool squad receive reward from Jurgen Klopp after Man Utd triumph [LATEST] And the player’s Brighton team-mate Adam Lallana has even suggested that Mac Allister is a player Lionel Messi loves. “When Lionel Messi drops deep and gets on the ball for Argentina, it is noticeable that one of his team-mates, in particular, will move forward from midfield and take up a position higher up the pitch,” the former Liverpool star said during the World Cup. “Similarly, when Messi goes high, the same player will counteract that by dropping back. They have a connection on the pitch, they are on the same wavelength, and Messi is always happy to give him the ball because he knows he will get it back.  Don't miss... Liverpool receive Jude Bellingham sucker punch as meeting 'underway' [LATEST] Jude Bellingham and Dortmund stars handed favour from British Army [LATEST] Man Utd questioned over Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba decision [LATEST] “That player is Alexis Mac Allister, my team-mate at Brighton & Hove Albion, and I can’t think of many greater honours in football than Messi trusting you. It is the ultimate sign of respect.” Mac Allister certainly won’t be short of options this summer when it comes to picking his next club. And if United can get their hands on the ace, he may well provide Ten Hag’s team with the attacking impetus and big-match experience they need to finally challenge for the Premier League title once again. 