From Crimea to the far east, dozens of camps have sprouted up across Russia and its occupied territories in Ukraine. At least 6,000 Ukrainian children have attended these "re-education' camps in the past year, with several hundred thought to be kept there beyond their intended release date. The numbers are unverified and thought to be much higher. Since February 2022, children as young as four months old living in occupied regions have been taken to 43 camps for "pro-Russia patriotic and military-related education”, according to a report by Yale University. Now, testimonies from children who have returned from the camps suggest that Moscow is running a mass propaganda campaign targeting how Ukrainian children think and feel about their country. And while the vast majority of Ukrainian teachers are working day and night to protect the children of their country, some reports have emerged of some working for the enemy.  Anastasia Motychak, a 15-year-old from formerly Russian-occupied Kherson, was told by her school that she and her friends were going on a school trip to a "health camp in Crimea". Her mother, Lyudmila, 44, was anxious about the trip. She had watched videos on social media of other children being sent away to go on similar excursions. Some of them never returned. She told the Sunday Times: "I have no money for trips. Anastasia was desperate to go and see the sea. Besides, they didn’t really give us a choice or time to think.” Arriving at the school the following morning, she was surprised to see around 100 buses waiting for the children. "It seemed like they were taking all the children of Kherson," she said. Anastasia was then driven to Yevpatoria in western Crimea, and described the surroundings as "beautiful". Things soon changed, however, and after "two weeks they told us there would be a delay of three days going home, then four days, then a month, and started to send children to different camps around Crimea." The trip was intense, and she told of the harsh conditions and actions of some of her teachers in chilling detail: "We weren’t allowed out even for five minutes. There was a Ukrainian teacher — a collaborator — and she slapped me when I tried to go outside. "One day they told us we would be shown a ‘cool movie’. It turned out to be a Russian propaganda film." JUST IN: Wagner boss 'wants Putin gone' which leaves Russian leader 'nervous' Don't miss... Hypersonic missiles hit Kyiv as Russia continues barrage of strikes [LATEST] New figures show UK post-Brexit economic resilience far outweighs EU's [LATEST] Putin forced to use ‘Frankenstein’ tanks with units in perilous state [LATEST] She managed to stay in contact with her mother via Telegram, as Lyudmila recalled: "Anastasia said they’d been told, tell your parents if you come here, you can have a flat and money. "Some of the parents went to Crimea and didn’t come back. I didn’t want that. I just wanted my daughter back.” When Ukraine recaptured Kherson in November 2022, Lyudmila and other parents lost all contact with their children. She feared that Anastasia would be sent deep into Russia. Many children have been sent to the Russian mainland as far as Siberia, with others appearing in Moscow at state-organised rallies.  Reports claim that the children are being given training in firearms, though Nathaniel Raymond, a Yale researcher who oversaw the report, said there was no evidence that the children were being sent to fight. The report said more than 6,000 children between four months and 17 years were being held in various camps in a campaign "coordinated by Russia’s federal government". They said more than two-thirds of the facilities were engaged in "re-education". Ukraine's commissioner for children’s rights, Daria Herasymchuk, said the total number of children being held is likely to be far higher.  She told The Times: "Today the Russians say they have 738,000 Ukrainian kids they evacuated — but it’s not an evacuation, it’s abduction and brainwashing and it’s an act of genocide. "We don’t believe it’s as many as that — we have so far documented 16,221 — but I think it’s a few hundred thousand. It’s all part of their Russification campaign." Meanwhile, Lyudmila didn't know what to do once Kherson had been recaptured. All lines of communication to Crime and her daughter had been broken. Frantic, she soon heard about an organisation called Save Ukraine, run by the former children’s ombudsman, Mykola Kuleba, a group working to return the children back to their homes and families. It arranged for Lyudmila and other mothers whose children had been taken away to go on a trip to Crimea in order to get them back. Setting off in January 2023, they made an arduous overland journey west, through Poland, on to Belarus, into Russia and finally south into Crimea. In normal times, the journey would have taken just a few hours by car. Reaching the camp, they presented their documents to the guards and, to their surprise, the children were allowed out. The journey back took even longer after the group were refused entry to Belarus three times, forced to travel north of the border into Latvia and then south instead. But that didn't matter — Lyudmila had Anastasia back safe and sound.