During Friday's instalment of Channel 4's Four in a Bed, the hoteliers came together once again to review their feedback and ask any burning questions they may have had. It was also time to reveal what each guest thought their room was worth, with Llawnrock Hotel owner Craig Holman becoming annoyed with the feedback and payment they received. After their stay, the three other hoteliers all came back with the feedback that Craig and partner Rachel Lee's hotel was a little bit tired and needed some TLC. Their main points were that the furniture had a little wear and tear, with the wooden furnishings having chips, the chairs being torn and one of the showers falling apart. Their first point of call was to ask why Jo, who owns The Olde Malthouse, had scored them a nine for their breakfast. He explained: "I ordered a really simple breakfast, salmon and scrambled eggs but I looked at my plate and thought 'Ok'. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers "There was nothing wrong with it but I think there was a missed opportunity there. I'd love to come back and maybe meet with the chefs. "But I remember being given a great bit plate and there was no garnish." Craig scoffed at the comments and quipped: "Breakfast is breakfast, no wow factor, I mean, did you want the sausages to start dancing in front of you? What more can we do? "I totally disagree with the no wow factor on that. I am totally lost for words." They were also curious as to why Kirstie and Joe and Hannah and Lee decided that they would not return for another stay at their hotel. Lee explained: "Craig for us, I feel in your price point it needed attention," to which Hannah added: "We had chips on the furniture. Just needed a bit of love. "It's there, it's visible, you can see it and once you start looking a bit more and a little bit more..." Joe added: "And that is exactly the same for us. I have never spent that amount of money on a night in a hotel, but at that price point it is just not for us." Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] Getting annoyed Craig expressed: "I think the word grotty for me is very harsh and even I know when I go into the bathrooms that they are not grotty. "I feel like we didn't go in as deep as we should of. We may have been a little bit fairer but that is sour grapes now." It soon came to find out how much his guests had paid for their stay, with Hannah and Lee who paid £220 for their £235 a night room. Up next it was Kirstie and Joe who paid £255 for their £275 per night room, and Jo paid £200 for his £235 room. The underpayment from all three guests meant that Craig and Rachel came in last place in the competition. Talking to the camera outside on how they felt about the outcome, Craig said: "Jo was quite hard. I think £35 was a real disgrace really to me. "I was so close to saying I can't accept that but we are valuable money. I'll probably get the sack now. "So Four in a Bed has probably got me the boot hasn't it," as Rachel stood awkwardly laughing at his side. Four in a Bed airs weekdays from 5pm on Channel 4.