Shell Energy customers who received the Warm Home Discount are to get an extra £150 winter support payment paid into their account from today. Most people have now received the £150 discount from the Government scheme, with the extra winter support payment from Shell Energy to double the payment for its customers. Customers do not need to apply for the additional funds as they will appear automatically as a credit on their next bill. Those who pay by smart prepayment meter will get the money as an automatic top up while those on a traditional prepayment meter will receive a voucher. Tony Keeling, chief executive officer at Shell Energy, said: “In recognising the challenges faced by many households as a result of cost of living pressures and high energy costs, we are providing additional support to those who need it most. “By targeting those who are eligible for the Warm Home Discount, and funding a doubling of their payment, we’re providing direct support to those who we know are struggling. READ MORE: Hundreds of Nationwide customers paid £250 - how to apply for cash boost “We have a package of measures and we will do everything we can to help those struggling this winter.” Those who received the Guarantee Credit element of Pension Credit on August 21, 2022, should have been eligible for the Warm Home Discount this winter. People should have got a letter between November 2022 and January 2023 to tell them they are eligible with most people receiving the support automatically. The Government website states if a person’s electricity supplier is part of the scheme, they should get the funds by March 31, 2023. Don't miss... ‘Bloodbath’ - US banks crash 82% as investors panic [BANKING] Cold Weather Payment explained - how to check if you're due £25 [BENEFITS] What to do to ensure you get full state pension [STATE PENSION] An eligible household may be able to get the funds off their gas bill instead if they pay for both their gas and electricity with the same supplier. Those on low incomes may also be eligible for the discount. People on low incomes in England and Wales can get the funds if they have high energy costs. Individuals on low incomes in Scotland may be able to get the support if they meet their energy supplier’s criteria. The Warm Home Discount scheme is not available in Northern Ireland although similar support is available through the Affordable Warmth Scheme. READ MORE: Barclays announces 14 more bank branches to close this year - full list of new closures  People who claim these benefits may be eligible for the discount: These energy suppliers are currently signed up to the Warm Homes Discount scheme: For the latest money news, follow us on Twitter at @Expressmoney_.