The GMB union has suspended planned nationwide ambulance strikes scheduled from March 6 to 8. Union chiefs have hailed a "huge shift" in the Government's position on pay disputes in 2023, with just days to go until the first round on Monday. Announcing the postponement today, they said they had received "assurances" that the money exists for potential pay increases. Both parties will commence talks next week, they added, with GMB national secretary Rachel Harrison saying they received a letter from the Health Secretary just hours after they announced tighter derogations. She said: "GMB ambulance workers announced a tightening of the derogations for cover on strike days. "Less than 24 hours later we received a letter from the Secretary of State for Health, Steve Barclay, inviting us and other unions to pay talks. "This is a huge shift from the government, who for months have refused to consider negotiations on pay." READ MORE: Amazon worker to strike as she wants to be 'treated like a human' "Now, they are saying they are willing to sit down and talk." Derogations ensure that appropriate staffing levels remain during strike days. The GMB had proposed reducing this emergency cover while up to 13,000 ambulance workers were expected to walk out. The tighter cover would mean that, in many cases, staffers would only respond to the highest emergency level known as Category 1. While the union has welcomed the Government's renewed interest in talks, leaders have expressed "concerns over some preconditions to talks". Representatives did not reveal what these preconditions were, but said they are requesting "more clarity". The Government and union will sit down for the next round of negotiations on Monday, March 6. The move from GMB in England follows a similar decision from their colleagues in Wales. Unite and GMB said they would suspend planned action following a "positive and intensive set of negotiations" on Friday. The unions will now return to the negotiating table with Welsh Ambulance and the Welsh government.