Karun Chandhok has defended Lewis Hamilton as the Mercedes driver avoids a penalty at the Bahrain Grand Prix. The Sky Sports F1 pundit appears baffled at the FIA’s crackdown on jewellery as Hamilton almost fell foul of officials on day one of the new season.  Hamilton was under fire from the governing body after failing to submit a self-scrutineering form stating he would comply with the strict bling ban. However, Chandhok hit out at officials over the decision and called for Hamilton to be able to make his own calls. Chandhok posted on Twitter: “I don't understand how this is still going on?! If Lewis wants to wear jewellery, just let him... It's his body and life - surely his choice!” Failure to comply with the rules could have seen Hamilton breach Appendix L of the FIA’s Sporting Code. This may have seen the F1 icon hit with penalties before a wheel was even turned. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone fires shots at Lewis Hamilton as F1 feud continues However, the FIA have since confirmed the seven-time champion will be issued a medical exemption after Mercedes’ team doctor met with officials. The statement read: “The Stewards having heard from a team representative and receiving a medical report from the team doctor of Mercedes AMG-PETRONAS F1 Team, which requested an exemption. "The Stewards consulted the FIA Medical Delegate, who viewed the medical report, examined the driver and concurred with the opinion therein. We have determined to take no further action as there are concerns about disfigurement with frequent attempts at removal of the device.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc not buying Fernando Alonso comments [INSIGHT]F1 boss denies 'bullying' Mick Schumacher before he Hamilton's back-up [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton's 'complete rubbish' remark will please Max Verstappen [COMMENT] Hamilton was handed an exemption at last season’s Singapore Grand Prix last season after his nose became infected. Last October, the Mercedes driver admitted he had to get a “blood blister fixed” after his piercing was removed to follow FIA regulations. Sky Sports pundit Ted Kravitz confirmed the FIA had eventually changed their mind after warnings were given over Hamilton’s health. He said: “They got a doctor's report from Lewis Hamilton's side of the garage saying repeated removal and reinstatement of the nose stud could cause disfigurement. “That’s why they have got an exemption. Effectively Lewis’ nose stud is still in. He’s still got the nose stud in, does have a medical exemption which the FIA have accepted and no further action is to be taken. “The FIA says this rule is for safety reasons. It applies to all competitors in all FIA competitions and as the most visible competitors in world motorsport Formula One drivers have a responsibility to set the example for other drivers in every age, level and discipline.” 