Dawn French walked the red carpet at the West End premiere of Oklahoma! this week, demonstrating her impressive weight loss. Meanwhile, she sported her natural silver locks in the trademark bob hairstyle reminiscent of the days when the Vicar Of Dibley star played Geraldine Granger. Dawn, 65, has famously struggled with her weight over the decades, leaving her weight fluctuating between slim and svelte and a look which she described as "barrel" like. Meanwhile, she has also made the decision to stop dying her hair, after admitting she was curious about what she would look like grey. Back in December 2022, she admitted that after the long lockdown period, during which she'd had no access to a hairdresser, she'd become accustomed to letting it remain natural. "I just couldn’t be bothered to keep doing it. So I let my natural grey come through," she told the world on The One Show. READ NOW: Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update She added: "I also cut some of it myself – to my hairdresser’s alarm! "It’s much shorter than I’m used to now and I do have certain ‘Grrr’ moments when I don’t know how to style it," the Harry Potter actress confessed. She added that in the past, she would only give her hair "literally 13 minutes of my time each day". Besides her hair aesthetic, Dawn has also grabbed attention for her ever-changing weight. She'd been forced to lose seven and a half stone of weight so that she could safely have a hysterectomy without a long recovery period after a doctor sadly diagnosed her with cancer years earlier. During a show in Sheffield, the star candidly admitted that there'd been "all kinds of hell kicking off in here, where I keep my lady plumbing". She recalled that her "defunct reproductive stuff" was "curtailing" her life and so she bravely opted to accept the op. "My womb and I parted company. Goodbye!" she exclaimed. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [LATEST] Love Island's Maya Jama models cleavage-baring dress for villa return [PICTURES] Amanda Holden flaunts cleavage in cut-out dress at show with mum [OUTFIT]  Dawn elaborated: "When I was due to have my hysterectomy, the doc told me that if I could lose some weight before the op, they would be able to do it via ‘keyhole’, and I would recover in three weeks or so. "Otherwise it would be big open surgery, and three months to recover, so I set about dropping a few stone." She added that there had been no "magic wand" to losing the weight - just "joyless low-cal eating" and regular walks. After losing the weight, she had keyhole surgery - but by 2020, she had regained a significant amount. During her podcast, podcast French and Saunders: T**ting About, she addressed the issue, admitting: "I've gone back to being an entire barrel!" However, Dawn added defiantly: "Do you know what, I'm going to be 63 this year. I don't give a f**k, I really don't, so long as I can walk." The actress and comic added a note of body positivity when she explained that she'd "never" disliked her figure, even at times when she was "very, very fat" - and so she "refused to be forced to" now. The following year, she was quick to denounce a fake weight loss testimonial which was published on Twitter in her name and claimed she'd shed over six stone in just five months. It now looks as though she has adopted a new post-lockdown look, but Dawn has always been adamant that she will love her looks no matter what her size.