Bali, one of Indonesia’s top tourist destinations, has announced a new campaign to advise tourists what to wear. The island hotspot wants to encourage tourists to behave. Bali attracts a lot of Australian tourists, some who have got in trouble for breaking the island’s rules. Bali Tourism Board Chairman, Ida Bagus Agung Partha Adnyana, has announced plans to use billboards to educate tourists. Adayana told The Bali Sun: “We are assigned by the Government, in this case, the Bali Tourism Office, to prepare socialistation in the form of writing and visuals. “However, we have to start with some kind of appeal at several points. The point is that tourists respect Balinese cultural customs by dressing well and neatly, following in an orderly manner, carrying out traffic activities and not doing things that are outside the provisions.” READ MORE: ‘Quirky’ British city is one of the world's best staycations Authorities have said that about 10 billboards will be installed in the areas where rule violations occur the most. Adnyana said: “Indeed we are welcoming and accept everything. Guests are king but don’t abuse.” The tourism board is planning to involve social media influencers and tourism bosses in its campaign. Adnyana said: “The point is for tourists to respect the cultural customs of the Balinese by dressing well and eating and being orderly in carrying out traffic activities.” Don't miss... How to get cheap train tickets: Hidden deals for the ‘best price’ [DEAL] ‘Beautiful’ British beach has a special connection to the Royal Fami [INSPIRATION] Tourist pickpocket warning as travellers told when to ‘be careful’  [LATEST] The Indonesian island is also planning to stop people working illegally or outside the terms of their visa. Last month, Bali said it could limit visitor access to some of its mountains, which are considered sacred. Bali’s Governor, Wayan Koster, said: “People should no longer freely enter the area, or make tourism destinations on the top. “Moreover, many people ride their motorbikes onto the summits. I think it is too much. Highest religious leaders have gathered and decided that mountains should be kept sacred, and they have recommended the ban.” READ MORE: 'Perfect' UK beach named one of world's best by Tripadvisor In 2022, a Canadian actor caused outrage when he was videoed dancing naked at the top of a mountain in Bali. The actor was deported after the incident and later posted an apology video to his social media. Indonesia is a majority Muslim country but Bali is the country’s only Hindu-majority province. The UK Government advises tourists to “respect local traditions, customs, laws and religions at all times.” Its advice states: “Be aware of your actions to ensure they do not offend, especially during the holy month of Ramadan or if you intend to visit religious areas.” Bali isn’t the only tourist destination planning to crackdown on tourist behaviour. Amsterdam has plans to stop tourists accessing its famous cannabis coffee shops. Italy’s Amalfi coast has asked tourists to stop wearing bikinis and going topless in the towns while a popular Spanish destination has banned football shirts. Tourists can find more information and advice on their destinations’ rules from their holiday provider or on the Government's Foreign Travel Advice website.