Good Morning America bosses had to call in a replacement for host Robin Roberts after she went missing from Thursday's programme. ABC viewers had no complaints about her temporary stand-in who was praised by fans for "looking right" at home in Robin's presenting seat. Luckily for loyal GMA viewers, Robin hadn't gone far. But some were still confused by her mystery disappearance from yesterday's programme. Presenters didn't reference her absence or make any comments about Robin's whereabouts after welcoming fan-favourite host Juju Chang. She joined Michael Strahan and George Stephanopoulos at the desk after acting as a replacement for hosts dozens of times over the years. Good Morning America fans are known for gushing over top host Robin, but they didn't seem to mind Juju stepping in for the veteran presenter. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Writing on Twitter, user @too_survivor said: "Juju Chang just looks RIGHT sitting between Strahan and Snuffaluphagus. "Starting my day with Mike, Mr. Snuffaluphagus & some 'Good Juju'. Good lookin' out @GMA." (sic) Despite no explanation of where Robin was, things became clearer later in the day when it was revealed that she was at the ABC7 studios in California. Pictures of Robin posed with presenters were shared all over social media as she filmed an interview for her new Disney+ show Turning the Tables. She even reunited with a former GMA star, ABC7 weatherman Spencer Christian. The channel's official account tweeted a picture of them both as she finished up her interview with the network's news team. "It's a Good Morning America reunion," they posted. "@RobinRoberts visited the ABC7 studio today to talk about her Disney+ show and ran into weather anchor and GMA alum, @SpencerABC7." Don't miss... Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] Robin Roberts replaced on GMA after announcing huge career achievement [LATEST] Good Morning America's Rhiannon Ally grimaces as co-star throws shade [LATEST] Fans quickly reacted following her GMA disappearance, with one saying they were "so happy to know" that Robin was at ABC7. User @annadayrefuerzo posted: "I'm watching her now on Midday Live with @JulianGABC7 and @abc7kristensze Ms. Roberts is always sharing her light! She's just a blessing!" Anchor @JulianGABC7 wrote: "The Queen of @GMA @RobinRoberts stopped by Midday Live & we had the pleasure of interviewing her about season 2 of her @DisneyPlus show Turning the Tables w/Robin Roberts. "Didn’t expect her to graciously encourage my reporting on social justice and inequity. She’s such a gem." Presenter @karinanovaabc7 shared: "Honored to meet GMA’s Robin Roberts today! And excited to see more of her series, Turning the Tables on Disney+." Robin later responded to some of the posts after missing Thursday's episode of Good Morning America for the interview filming. Anchor @abc7kristensze posted: "She is a bright shining light! you should go to her speaking event at @usfca." As Robin replied: "Thank you Kristen…enjoyed spending time today with you and Julian!!" Good Morning America airs Monday to Saturday on ABC in the USA.