US senator Rick Scott has hit out at President Joe Biden after tennis star Novak Djokovic was denied a Covid-19 vaccine exemption to compete at the Indian Wells Open. Djokovic was famously deported from Australia in 2022 due to his vaccination status and this year could prove to be equally difficult for the Serb. Scott branded the latest decision "the craziest thing in the world" after Djokovic withdrew from the tournament as a result. "Think about how crazy this is," Scott said in a radio interview with WMAL. "Last November, Biden said Covid's over. Right, it's over except when he doesn't want it over. So here's one of the healthiest guys in the world probably, and so we're not worried about him getting sick. "He's not worried about getting sick, right? We're not worried about him making us sick because Covid is over. But somehow, the guy can't come in and play tennis. JUST IN: Djokovic snubbed as Medvedev names Rafael Nadal 'worst' and 'scariest' "This is the craziest thing in the world. It makes you mad that the Biden administration acts like this." The Serbian is unvaccinated and was also not allowed to compete at last year's US open because of the country's Covid restrictions. Currently the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) require all foreign air travellers to be vaccinated, but the White House said last month they plan to review the policy in May. As a result, Djokovic could feature in this year's US Open which is due to get underway in August. When asked about Djokovic not being granted an exemption for the Indian Wells Open, White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre indicated the Biden administration would not be willing make an exception for the tennis star. "On a question of regarding the vaccination requirement, I'd refer you to the CDC," she said. Don't miss... Andy Murray caught in umpire quarrel after receiving time violation [LATEST] Federer lists tennis priorities with Wimbledon set for disappointment [LATEST] Emma Raducanu survives injury scare to upset Linette in Indian Wells [LATEST] "They're the ones who deal with that. It's still in place and we expect everyone to abide by our country's rule, whether as a participant or as a spectator. "As for what goes on for specifically with the BNP Open [Indian Wells], those are questions for them. It is a private entity so we will let them speak to that."