A Chinese rocket has broken up upon re-entry to the earth's atmosphere after delivering three spy satellites into orbit. The second stage of a Chinese rocket that sent military surveillance satellites into space in June disintegrated over Texas. The four-tonne component of a Chang Zheng 2D ‘Long March’ rocket hurtled through the atmosphere at 17,000 miles per hour before breaking up over the Lone Star State on Wednesday, two defence officials told USNI News. According to North American Aerospace Defense Command satellite tracking data, what remained of the rocket had been in low earth orbit before it made its "unscheduled descent". It was launched as part of a mission to send satellites into space that are meant to harvest signals data from the South China Sea, tracking intel shows. A spokesperson for US Space Command said the rocket "re-entered the Earth’s atmosphere over the southern region of North America at approximately 8.30pm MT on March 7, 2023". They added: "There was no physical impact to North America. Rocket bodies, satellites, and meteors re-enter over the Earth on a regular basis, and most burn up in the atmosphere." READ MORE: China could send 'multiple' spy balloons to 'embarrass' Biden as tensions boil over Military officials have yet to find any remnants from the rocket stage, however initial reports suggest the debris field could be miles wide and several hundred miles long. However, it is over the least populated counties in the state, according to the Texas Demographic Center. US officials are still determining if any debris has hit the ground. China has been criticised over its space debris flying through the atmosphere because it poses a serious risk to densely populated areas. Don't miss... Horrifying moment gran is grabbed by huge alligator and dragged away [LATEST] Prince Harry 'takes all the flack' while his wife 'stands back'  [LATEST] Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [LATEST] The latest development comes after the US shot down a suspected Chinese spy balloon off the Carolina coast after it hovered over sensitive military sites across North America. The downing of the spy balloon sparked a diplomatic row between China and the US, with the former insisting the flyover was an accident involving a civilian aircraft and threatening repercussions. President Joe Biden issued the order on February 4 but had reportedly wanted the balloon downed earlier - the suspected spy balloon drifted into American airspace on January 28. He was advised that the best time for the operation would be when it was over water, US officials said at the time. READ MORE: US deals massive blow to China as Xi plots to 'ramp up military' in WW3 threat Military officials determined that bringing it down over land from an altitude of 60,000 feet would pose an undue risk to people on the ground. China responded that it reserved the right to “take further actions” and criticised the US for “an obvious overreaction and a serious violation of international practice”. Following the incident, Beijing's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that “China will resolutely uphold the relevant company’s legitimate rights and interests, and at the same time reserving the right to take further actions in response”. China’s Ministry of Defense echoed the statement later in the afternoon, saying it “reserves the right to take necessary measures to deal with similar situations”. Since the downing of the balloon, the US has sanctioned six Chinese entities it said are linked to Beijing’s aerospace programs. The US House of Representatives subsequently voted unanimously to condemn China for a “brazen violation” of US sovereignty and efforts to “deceive the international community through false claims about its intelligence collection campaigns”. Secretary of State Antony Blinken also cancelled a visit to Beijing that many hoped would stabilise ties that have cratered amid disputes over trade, human rights, Taiwan and China’s claim to the South China Sea. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews