Lesley Joseph has enjoyed a decades long career on stage and in the beloved sitcom Birds of a Feather. The Olivier Award nominated actress opened up about working with the iconic singer, David Bowie, before he reached the heights of global fame and notoriety. The 77-year-old recalled working with the Starman hitmaker when the pair were relatively unknown in the entertainment industry. Born David Robert Jones he became professionally known as David Bowie when his music career soared. Lesley worked with the singer and actor in the early sixties on her first ever live show but admitted she regretted not continuing a friendship with him. "My first television was live with David before he became known as David Bowie," she told Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Piers Morgan demands BBC suspend David Attenborough over Lineker row  She explained: "I had just left drama school and I was living in an agent's house renting a room. "[The agent] came down and he said, 'Oh Lesley do you want to do live television?' "It was on Thames Television in Teddington and that's when television went out live in 1967 or 1968. "He said you will do it with a friend of mine. At the time I didn't know it was David [Bowie]."  Lesley shared that she and David would travel daily to Teddington for rehearsals and the singer had often asked the actress to come and visit his arts lab. In the south London suburb of Beckenham, David co-founded an Arts Laboratory at The Three Tens pub now called The Rat and Parrot. It was during this time the star had been honing his craft and it became a centre for attracting up-and-coming talent. During this time, Lesley explained the pair worked together on Thames Television.  "[David] and I would travel out every day to Teddington to rehearse," she said. "We were playing hippies in a police station." "It was at the time of Mary Quant when you had this amazing makeup. Your eyelashes would be painted on." She continued: "We did it live and I always remember him saying, 'You should come and see me at the arts lab,' and I never did. "That was the one regret I had for the rest of my life. I never continued my friendship with David [Bowie]." Between 1969 and 1973 The Beckenham Arts Lab was a hub for artistic talent and the launch pad for the hitmaker's rise to stardom. David is now considered one of the most influential musicians of his time. His last album, the critically acclaimed Blackstar, was released on his 69th birthday, just days before his death after a battle with cancer in 2016. Lesley is an actress, best known for playing the role of Dorien Green in the popular BBC sitcom Birds of a Feather. She has spent much of her professional career on the stage in the West End and on tour including in Calendar Girls, Annie, Modern Millie and more recently Sister Act. Sister Act The Musical is on tour in the UK and Ireland. Please visit sisteractthemusical.co.uk 