A shopping centre has removed a poster saying "ladies only" outside a women's toilets after a trans group complained about "toilet policing". It is believed the sign was put up at the Prospect Centre in Hull, East Yorkshire, to warn men away from using the facility while the gents' loos were closed. The poster read: "Hey there, these toilets are for ladies only", with the word "only" underlined. But bosses at the centre removed the sign after a charity acting for members of the trans and non-binary communities lodged a complaint, according to Hull Live. Hull Pledge said it got in touch with the Prospect Centre over concerns the sign could encourage members of the public to challenge people entering the loo based on their appearance or sexuality - known as "toilet policing". In a social media post, Hull Pledge said "toilet policing" was becoming a growing issue and "puts Trans and non-binary people in danger". Hull Pledge wrote: "We were contacted by a member of the community to express concern about the signage put up near the toilet facilities in Prospect Centre. "We immediately contacted them to express our concern that this poses the risk of encouraging so called 'toilet policing', which is an act that is growing in frequency and puts Trans and non binary people in danger. Hull Pledge added: "Today Prospect Centre had let us know they have listened to our concerns, and these signs will be taken down immediately, which we welcome and we are glad to see that the Prospect Centre’s management are so willing to hear safety concerns from the LGBTQIA+ community and our allies." READ ABOUT A BUS DRIVER SACKED FOR GRABBING A COFFEE But a woman, who spotted the post on Twitter, accused the Prospect Centre of caving into criticism and failing to protect women's rights. The woman, who asked not to be named, claimed: "This is just another example of people, businesses and organisations panicking in the face of criticism from a very small but very loud and militant community. "The sign was there to ensure women using the women's toilets were not made to feel unsafe or uncomfortable by men coming into the loos. "Yet one person complains as a political point and that safeguard is removed." Don't miss... 'I didn’t realise what we'd done to our son was bad until cops showed' [REPORT] Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [REVEALED] Meghan and Harry to relinquish control if they attend Coronation [LATEST] She added: "I respect anyone's rights to be who they want to be, but I believe many women will recognise this as another example of women's rights being undermined in favour of a small community representing trans and non-binary people. "It was one person who complained, but how many more women would feel more comfortable with a sign like that in place?" According to Hull Live, the Prospect Centre confirmed the signs were put up due to the men's loos being out of order. The centre declined to comment on their removal. Express.co.uk has also approached the Prospect Centre for comment. Hull Pledge, in a Twitter post, accused the centre of not thinking through the consequences of the signs. It added: "After we pointed it out they agreed to take them down. "They said, and we believe, that no offence was meant, which is why it’s so important that our allies know about and help mitigate the dangers we face, that way these mistakes will happen less often." Express.co.uk has approached Hull Pledge for comment.