Arsenal target Dusan Vlahovic has been told to “keep calm” as the uncertainty around his future lingers on. The Serbia international missed a penalty for Juventus on Sunday as his team defeated Sampdoria 4-2 in Serie A. Vlahovic first moved to Italy in 2018 when he joined Fiorentina from Partizan. And he quickly became one of the best young strikers in Europe thanks to a whole host of fine displays for La Viola. During his time at the Artemio Franchi Stadium, he was linked with a move to Arsenal, but ultimately ended up joining Juventus in January 2022. And he has gone on to bag 49 goals in 108 appearances for the Turin club. Despite penning a four-and-a-half year contract with Juventus, Vlahovic reportedly wants to sever ties with his current employers and has been tipped to head to the Premier League at the end of the season. Manchester United and Chelsea are said to be interested in signing the star - but Arsenal could win the battle for his signature. The Gunners would, however, have to reportedly put forward an offer of over £88million for Juventus to listen as the Italian giants want him to stay where he is. Must read... Thomas Partey magic shows Arsenal are ready to claim title [SPOTTED] Juventus have endured a miserable campaign on and off the pitch and have fallen to seventh in the Serie A table after being docked 15 points for false accounting. They also crashed out of the Champions League at the group stages after losing five of their six matches. On Sunday, Juventus raced to a 2-0 lead against Sampdoria at the Allianz Stadium but were pegged back when the visitors scored two goals in two minutes during the first half. Vlahovic was then unable to convert from 12 yards midway through the second half, although his spot kick miss didn’t prove decisive.    Don't miss... Antony embarrassed as failed promise to Casemiro emerges in footage [SPOTTED] BBC crisis hits Sunday shows as Chelsea vs Man Utd and MOTD2 impacted [REACTION] Chelsea tipped to snub Raphael Veiga due to 'other priorities' [TRANSFERS] And after Vlahovic had blanked in front of goal for the fifth Serie A match on the bounce, his manager Max Allegri said: “With the penalty, you either go for a dink or you pick an angle. Vlahovic just needs to stay calm - he had a very good game, he did much better today on a technical level. “Every now and then, he uses up too much energy, so he has to just take it easy. Let’s not forget he’s only been at Juventus for a year, he is doing well and has everything it takes to improve. Once he is able to learn that game management, he will be less hasty when the ball arrives and more clinical in finishing.” 