Lady Louise was the only member of her family not to see her royal title change after her father Prince Edward was conferred as the Duke of Edinburgh on Friday. Should she be given a new title? Vote in our poll. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  King Charles III bestowed the Edinburgh dukedom on Edward to mark his 59th birthday. Buckingham Palace announced that his wife Sophie will now be known as the Duchess of Edinburgh. Buckingham Palace said in a statement: “His Majesty The King has been pleased to confer the Dukedom of Edinburgh upon Prince Edward, on the occasion of HRH’s 59th birthday today. READ MORE: Why Lady Louise missed out on royal title as fans rage at 'sexism' “The title will be held for HRH’s lifetime. The dukedom was last created for Prince Philip in 1947, upon his marriage to Princess Elizabeth, who held the title of Duchess of Edinburgh before acceding to the throne in 1952. “The new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential.” IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE THE POLL BELOW, CLICK HERE Royal tradition means that the couple’s 15-year-old son James is now known as the Earl of Wessex, yet 19-year-old Louise missed out on becoming the Countess of Wessex. The Succession to the Crown Act 2013, meaning brothers no longer take precedence over their older sisters, does not stand for them as they were born before it came into effect. Edward and Sophie chose to style their children as the son and daughter of an Earl rather than as Prince and Princess, which they were entitled to at birth. Sophie discussed her children’s titles with The Times in 2020 and explained: “We try to bring them up with the understanding they are very likely to have to work for a living. Hence we made the decision not to use HRH titles. They have them and can decide to use them from 18, but I think it’s highly unlikely.” Louise turned 18, in November 2021, but made no change to her title. Royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams suggests this reflects that the family has no plans for her to become a working member of the Firm. He told Express.co.uk: “Their daughter Lady Louise has seen her title unchanged, thus implying she has no plans, at least in the short term, to take up royal duties. As there are likely to be fewer royals performing them, this has been speculated about.” So what do YOU think? Should Louise be given a new title? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.