On Monday night, many Channel 4 viewers tuned in to see how a scandal in the 1990s resulted in George Michael being forced to come out as gay. Although it wasn’t long before people took to social media to express their strong feelings on how the 80s legend was treated by the press. In the documentary, which aired on March 6, people got to hear never-before-heard audio of the late singer along with interviews with his family and friends. The Wham! star, who rose to fame in the 80s, died on Christmas Day in 2016 of heart disease at his home in Goring-on-Thames. During the hour-long documentary, it delved into the “scandal” involving George performing a sexual act on an undercover police officer in a public toilet in Beverly Hills. The star was handed a £500 fine and 80 hours of community service, along with the incident making headlines around the world which forced him to speak about his sexuality for the first time.  READ MORE:Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find   Watching the shocking revelations in the documentary, viewers were left disgusted and heartbroken by how the singer was treated and the huge toll it took on him. Amz07 commented: “Absolutely disgusting, brutal, actions of the press in the 80s making it their mission to ‘out’ people #outed #GeorgeMichael.” ComeOutStories added: “Really worth watching #georgemichaelouted on @Channel4 but be warned- it’s utterly heartbreaking. A reminder how homophobic the tabloids were and how gay men were vilified during the 80’s especially." Eleanor_08_11 tweeted: “Watching #georgemichaelouted and seeing how the press outed gay men and what they wrote about the aids situation and gay men as a whole makes me feel physically sick. Who in their right mind thought that it was ok to out people and write such vile things about them?”    Melissan2509 said: “Wow. What a powerful documentary. My heart breaks for what gay people had to and still go through.” Stephanieoram1 commented: “georgemichaelouted Absolutely heartbreaking. The persecution of the gay community in the 1980s was shameful.” David_Irons65 tweeted: "The only shame was the way our media behaved and still do to this day. George Michael was one of our finest voices and deserved to be treated so much better." Before his arrest, there was heavy speculation surrounding George’s sexuality as the singer was put under pressure to speak about the rumours.       Don't miss... Prince Harry urged to 'do it for dad' and go to King's coronation [LATEST] David Jason sparks frenzy reuniting with Only Fools and Horses star [LATEST] Emmerdale's Victoria Barton relives rape trauma after big night out [LATEST]  However, following the incident, George opened up about his sexuality along with his relationship with businessman Kenny Goss. In an interview with CNN, he touched on how he felt about the incident as he admitted to not feeling ashamed. He said: “I’m a very proud man. I want people to know that I have not been exposed as a gay man in any way that I feel. "I don’t feel any shame for... I feel stupid and I feel reckless and weak for having allowed my sexuality to be exposed this way.   “But I don’t feel any shame whatsoever. And neither do I think I should. "Ultimately at the end of the day I’m not ashamed, I’m just p***ed with myself for having been so stupid." For many years after the arrest, the singer was a huge gay rights campaigner and helped raise money for multiple HIV and AIDS charities until his death in 2016. Part two of George Michael: Outed continues Tuesday 7 March on Channel 4 at 9pm. 