Buckingham Palace has announced King Charles's decision to confer the Dukedom of Edinburgh upon Prince Edward. This move was shared on the day of Edward's 59th birthday. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The title change will affect other members of Prince Edward's family, with Sophie, previously the Countess of Wessex, becoming the Duchess of Edinburgh. Their son James, who was given the title of Viscount Severn in accordance with Edward's earldom, will now become the new Earl of Wessex. Lady Louise Windsor will not be affected by these changes but, as she was born the granddaughter of the sovereign, late Queen Elizabeth II, she is believed to remain eligible to start using the royal title of HRH Princess Louise if she wishes to do so. A statement by Buckingham Palace read: "His Majesty The King has been pleased to confer the Dukedom of Edinburgh upon The Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex and Forfar, on the occasion of His Royal Highness’s 59th birthday. "The title will be held by Prince Edward for His Royal Highness’s lifetime. "The Dukedom was last created for Prince Philip in 1947, upon his marriage to Princess Elizabeth, who held the title of Duchess of Edinburgh before acceding to the throne in 1952. "The new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential." The Duke of Edinburgh title will revert to the Crown after Prince Edward's death, which means James will continue to be Earl of Wessex rather than inherit the Dukedom. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan issue new statement defending children's titles  The title change has already been acknowledged on the Royal Family's official website, Royal.uk. Edward has long been tipped to become the next Duke of Edinburgh. It was announced around the time of his nuptials with Sophie that he was being given an Earldom with the understanding he would eventually succeed his father Prince Philip as Duke of Edinburgh. In an interview with the Telegraph years later, Sophie candidly recalled the moment she and Edward were told it was the wish of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip for Edward to inherit the Dukedom created for the royal consort. She said: "We sat there slightly stunned. He literally came straight in and said, ‘Right. I’d like it very much if you would consider that’." Don't miss... King ‘shot himself in foot’ with Archie and Lilibet's title delay [REPORT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Lady Louise misses out on new title [LATEST] In a separate interview with the BBC, Edward said it "will be quite a challenge" taking on the title held for decades by his father. Following the death of Prince Philip in April 2021, the then Prince Charles automatically inherited the title and it was claimed he had chosen against fulfilling his father's wish for the sake of his reported plan to slim-down the monarchy. After Charles's accession to the throne, the Duke of Edinburgh title reverted to the Crown. The creation of the new Duke comes just days after it was revealed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex wish for their children to be known as Prince Archie Harrison and Princess Lilibet Diana.