Andy Needham spoke exclusively to Expresss.co.uk about his journey since leaving the Den. He appeared on Dragons’ Den in 2015 with his business partner Dan Cluderay seeking £150,000 in exchange for 10 percent of their business, Approved Food. Approved Food is an online shopping business selling slightly out-of-date food at a heavily discounted price for savvy shoppers to busy mums. They left Dragons’ Den “determined to succeed,” despite not receiving any investment. Eight years later and they achieved great success and expanded their empire. As the 20th season of Dragons’ Den is underway, many will be interested to see how businesses without investment have got on. READ MORE: Households could get £70 voucher to spend at supermarkets – how to claim  “Within a week we had done the screen test and two weeks later we were filming for real. “The publicity was brilliant but we had the wherewithal to make sure we had sufficient funding in place so ‘success’ in the Den wasn’t crucial.” Andy explained he does not dwell too much on the current financial situation of the business. His main concern is to continue making the business successful and attractive to someone who may want to own it sometime in the future. Andy said: “Since our appearance on Dragons’ Den the Approved Food business has been booming. READ MORE: Lesser known saving hacks': Britons could save up to £5,000 in three months “Approved Food was bought together with my other businesses to form Surplus Group in 2021 after moving to new 52,000 sq ft premises in Barnsley, just before Covid hit. “In 2022, we saw profitable turnover of £22.5million – a 15 percent increase on the year before – and we’re projecting another 15 percent increase in turnover for the upcoming financial year.” The mission at Approved Food has always been to help people cut the costs of their shopping, but now, they’re prouder than ever to be able to help people across the country have easier access to not only food, but household essentials, beauty products, pet care and more. Their website is updated with stock every single day, so savings can depend on each shop – but customers can always find big-name brand products at up to 70 percent off retail price on their website. The entrepreneur said: “It’s always worth keeping an eye on the site throughout the week, we have up to 8,000 different products and we run deals and discounts on newly stocked items all the time.” Andy recalls his time on the show being one of the “best decisions” they made as they put themselves forward to showcase the business they believe in. The publicity was a bonus too. He added: “We’re proud of the comments we got back, especially from Peter Jones, and an endorsement from him was worth far more than his money to us! “We feel genuinely grateful for having the opportunity to pitch our idea to the Dragons – even if we still think they made the wrong decision by not investing!” He encouraged others with great ideas to follow the Approved Food story for proof that if people believe in their business, they shouldn’t give up easily even if a few people have doubts because if they’re passionate enough, they’ll make it happen.