Finding a partner who understands the life of a footballer has proven tricky for some players. Thus, some have opted to pursue those who have lived a life in the industry in order to strike a romantic connection – dating the daughters of footballing icons. Of course, not all of the relationships have gone to plan and some have led to some fierce speculation about conversations between the player and the legend. Though, on the other hand, some of the couples are still together to this day. Express Sport takes a look at four stars dating the daughters of some famous players… Donny van de Beek Manchester United midfielder Donny van de Beek is in a long-term relationship with Estelle Bergkamp, the daughter of Arsenal hero Dennis Bergkamp. The pair met in Amsterdam in 2019 and quickly hit it off, prompting Estelle to move to England with him the following season after he left Ajax for the Red Devils. Last year, the couple became parents for the very first time after welcoming a daughter into the world in April. The baby, Lomee, has taken the Van de Beek name. Don't miss... Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag not changing transfer plans for trio [LATEST] Dele Alli Whilst at Tottenham, Dele Alli dated Pep Guardiola’s daughter, Maria, for a short while. The pair met a few months after Alli was dumped by long-term girlfriend Ruby Mae, and it didn’t take long until they were caught kissing at rooftop bars and enjoying lunchtime dates. Though the relationship didn’t blossom, with Alli opting to pursue Made In Chelsea star Nicole Berry instead. Guardiola had spoken about Alli previously due to his playing credentials but never addressed rumours involving the midfielder and his daughter. Sergio Aguero In contrast to other scenarios on the list, Diego Maradona set up his daughter, Gianinna, with Sergio Aguero in 2008. The couple had a spark from the off and had a baby boy together just a year later, named Benjamin. Though it wasn’t meant to be and the pair separated in 2012, with Aguero’s ‘partying lifestyle’ cited as the reason. Giannina was rather forgiving when announcing the divorce, though Maradona was far more furious than his daughter – labelling Aguero a ‘wimp’ and telling the press that he wishes he didn’t know his name. Don't miss... Arsenal and Man City target Kvaratskhelia scores Napoli stunner [LATEST] Man Utd face £70m dilemma for Gabri Veiga after Bellingham and De Jong [TRANSFER] Liverpool told they are only club who can pull off deal for Mount [INTERVIEW] Alvaro Vasquez Spanish striker Alvaro Vazquez is not the most familiar of names, having made only 12 appearances for Swansea during his season-long stint in England. However, the ex-Espanyol and Getafe star will be well known in the Hierro household. Vazquez dated Claudia Hierro, the daughter of Spanish icon Fernando Hierro, for a few years before splitting in 2017 and promptly went their separate ways.