King Charles III raised eyebrows after granting Prince Edward with a new royal title, a royal expert claimed. The title was previously held by their late father, Prince Philip, until his death in April 2021. Prince Edward has been awarded the title of Duke of Edinburgh, which was previously promised to him in 1999. Royal expert Camilla Tominey has claimed the King's decision has raised eyebrows, particularly after some wrangling behind-the-scenes in the royal household. Some belived the title should have been bestrowed to Prince Andrew, as he is the more senior of the King's two brothers in the line of succssion. Writng in her column for the Telegraph, Ms Tominey added the former Duke of Edinburgh met with his third son to tell him the news that he would, one day, inherit the title. READ MORE: Zara Tindall speaks of mum guilt and says she 'punishes herself for going to work' Ms Tominey wrote that the new Duke of Edinburgh was said to have been touched by his father's kind gesture, which occurred just days after his wedding in 1999. The late Queen later bestowed Prince Edward and his wife, Sophie, the titles of Earl and Countess of Wessex. Just a few hours after the announcement of the new titles on Edward's 59th birthday, the new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh appeared at an official royal event in the city. The couple met with members of the Ukrainian community at Edinburgh's City Chambers. READ MORE: Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh turns heads in favourite coat hours after new title announced The event was to mark a year since the city's formal response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The royal couple also met families who moved to the city, calling it their home since the beginning of the invasion last year. Edward's 15-year-old son, James, now holds his former title of Earl of Wessex. Don't miss... POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [POLL] Why Lady Louise missed out on royal title as fans rage at 'sexism' [LATEST] Royals and Sussexes still have 'tension' over Archie and Lili titles [LATEST] Aside from the royal title changes for her three family members, Lady Louise Windsor's title remains unchanged. A statement by Buckingham Palace, regarding the title changes, read that Edward and Sophie were "proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential".