Wednesday's Jenna Ortega is set for a big screen return alongside The Weeknd and BAFTA-winning actor Barry Keoghan. There's currently no title for the major flick yet, but it has been co-written by the Blinding Lights hitmaker and It Comes At Night director Trey Edward Shults.  Wednesday star Jenna will join forces with The Green Knight star Barry for the big release – who were both reportedly "blown away" by the secret film's script. They apparently signed up just moments after reading The Weeknd, real name Abel Tesfaye, and Trey's words, according to Deadline. Production has been ongoing for several months and Abel is thought to have approached Trey with the idea after developing the project for "some time". Reza Fahim, Kevin Turen and Harrison Kreiss are amongst the crew as producers, with Jenna and Trey serving as executive producers. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ According to the outlet, despite their busy schedules following the success of Wednesday and The Banshees of Inisherin respectively, both Jenna and Barry "wanted this as their next project". The film will be The Weeknd's feature acting debut in a leading role after previously playing himself in a small role in Uncut Gems starring Adam Sandler. It's a big year for the Grammy-winning and Oscar-nominated musician who is also set to star in HBO's The Idol, which he co-created with Euphoria creator Sam Levinson. The unnamed title is also a big deal for Jenna who made a name for herself in the record-smashing Addams Family series Wednesday – which has been renewed for a second season. She is set to host Saturday Night Live on March 11 and her next on-screen moment will come in Scream VI – similar to her role in Netflix's dark thriller You. It was recently reported that bosses had planned to bring the You season two star back for season four, but she was too busy shooting Wednesday. She starred as Ellie Alves in the chilling drama, as fans watched her developing a dysfunctional bond with serial killer Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley). Showrunner Sera Gamble explained previously: "We wanted to bring Ellie back and we heard, 'Oh, Jenna is doing some show'." DON'T MISS:Scream 6 cast - From Jenna Ortega to Courteney CoxWednesday star left ‘shaking’ during ‘down to the wire’ auditionJenna Ortega had You season 4 role axed But the plans to see the return of Ellie haven't been completely scrapped as Gamble told IndieWire: "It’s been just such a pleasure to see Jenna this year. "We have ideas for Ellie if her schedule allows her to visit us again." However, due to the record-breaking success of The Addams Family spin-off, Wednesday, it can only be expected Jenna will be even harder to pin down in the future. After all, Wednesday managed to beat the formidable force of Stranger Thing season four to become Netflix's most-viewed English language show in its debut week. The fourth season of the Millie Bobby Brown-led sci-fi series held the record for most hours streamed in a week prior to Wednesday’s launch with a whooping 335 million hours. Wednesday, however, bested this by raking in a record-breaking 341.23 hours during its debut week. The series didn't take Netflix's overall record, however, which belongs to South Korean sensation Squid Game. Wednesday is available to stream on Netflix now. 