Award-winning actress Ruthie Henshall is swapping the bright lights of the West End for a guest role on the cobbles of Coronation Street. She will arrive in Weatherfield playing Estelle, an old friend of Glenda Shuttleworth (Jodie Prenger) on April 3 and explained it was one of the most "enjoyable" roles of her career. In upcoming scenes, Estelle has a run-in with George Shuttleworth (Tony Maudsley) in the undertakers over the cost of her mother's funeral. However, the row is forgotten about when she bumps into Glenda and the pair reminisce over their time on the cruise ships together. After having a catch-up, Estelle tries to talk her into buying some shares in her theatre school franchise, Little Big Shotz. But how will Eileen react when George offers to help his sister with financial backing? READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap Could she set her sights on George getting on the wrong side of Eileen Grimshaw (Sue Clever)? Estelle recently said of getting the role: "This is one of the most enjoyable guest roles of my career. "Everyone is so welcoming and I can’t believe after years of the street being in my life that I finally get to tread the cobbles. "Getting to act with Jodie was a joy and every member of the cast was welcoming and kind. "Estelle is delighted to find her old friend Glenda and share a show tune or two to remember times spent entertaining on board cruises. "I am so excited and delighted to be on the street where so many brilliant actors strut, and have strutted, their stuff.” Glenda first arrived in Weatherfield in August 2022 and reconnected with George after a fight with her sous chef boyfriend. She now works in The Rovers alongside Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan), Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews) and Sean Tully (Anthony Cotton). Don't miss... Frida Kahlo may have ended her life with an overdose to escape agony [LATEST] Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers [LATEST] Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [LATEST] Glenda has recently gotten herself involved with Beth Tinker (Lisa George) and her past lover who she reconnected with on Facebook. Kirk Sutherland (Andrew Whyment) found an old letter from Marco back from when they were dating, leaving him furious she had kept it. Devastated that she had hurt him, she turned to Glenda (Jodie Prenger) for support who was more than willing to lend an ear. As the conversation progressed, she ended up showing a curious Glenda a photo of Marco from his social media page. An impressed Glenda then pointed out that Marco wasn’t actually in New Zealand, as Beth had thought, but was back in Manchester. Stirring things up Glenda sent Marco a friend request from Beth’s phone, which may soon prove fatal to her relationship with Kirk. Has Glenda just got involved in a blossoming love triangle? Kirk will be left devastated if he finds out Beth has been in contact with an old flame. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.