Fledgling smartphone brand Nothing has announced some big news at Mobile World Congress (MWC) in Barcelona with its next generation of phones getting premium performance courtesy of Qualcomm's premier processor. It means that Nothing's second smartphone will be powered by the Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 - that's the very same chip found tucked under the hood of the latest Samsung Galaxy S23 devices including the top-rated Ultra model. Read our full Galaxy S23 Utra review here. It's a big shift from Nothing with its first Phone (1) targeted at the mid-range market rather than the more premium tier. With the top-end Snapdragon soon to be inside it seems the Nothing Phone (2) will be much more powerful but also much more expensive. According to Nothing's founder, Carl Pei, the change in direction is due to feedback from the firm's army of fans. The technology entrepreneur, who also co-launched the hugely successful OnePlus brand, was at MWC to announce the news with Pei saying that Phone (2) will be more premium than before. Pei took the stage with Qualcomm boss Cristiano Amon to reveal his plans for the future and it could certainly worry its Android rivals. The Phone (1) got a huge amount of attention when it arrived in stores and even won an award in Express.co.uk's best tech of 2022. The Nothing Phone (1) turned heads last year thanks to its unique Glyph Interface design which lights up to show when calls are being received, or messages arrive. The device also glows to reveal the charging status of the device without needing to tap the screen. Along with that exclusive upgrade, it also launched with a very reasonable price tag with customers able to pick one up for under £400. That probably won't be the case with the Phone (2) although we'll have to wait until later this year to discover full details. The Phone (2) announcement wasn't the only big news to be revealed at MWC. Motorola unveiled its new Rollable concept which offers a big screen in a much smaller form factor. Nokia also revealed its G22 device that's now easier to mend at home and Honor confirmed plans to launch its foldable Magic Vs in more global markets including the UK.