West Ham boss David Moyes moved a step closer to being sacked following their 4-0 defeat away to Brighton on Saturday. Goals from Alexis Mac Allister, Joel Veltman, Kaoru Mitoma and Danny Welbeck ensured that the Hammers sat just two points above the relegation zone and are looking precarious with one eye over their shoulders at the drop zone. The West Ham hierarchy have stood by Moyes in recent weeks despite the Daily Mail claiming that the club are one of the several Premier League sides considering their options. Here, Express Sport has looked at five options for West Ham should they do pull the trigger and sack Moyes. MUST READ: Pep Guardiola names Man City successor and addresses Haaland to Real Rafa Benitez has been in England working with Sky Sports and made clear that he would like to return to the Premier League after his last job with Everton. “I am fine and happy in England in terms of the Premier League, my family and everything, so sometimes you make decisions that are a risk, but the reality is that the Premier League is the best league now in the world and I want to be around Europe,” Benitez said last month. The Spaniard has a vast amount of experience in the league with Liverpool, Everton Newcastle and has claimed that he is eyeing a “project” that West Ham would represent should he be given the chance to take over from Moyes. The now-Al Ittihad head coach had an uninspiring spell at Tottenham but his track record at Wolves proved that he is capable of not only keeping teams in the Premier League, but also installing a recognisable pattern of play that saw Wolves progress up the table under him. West Ham have the players to compete in Nuno Espirito Santos’ favoured three-at-the-back system and would ensure that Emerson and Vladimir Coufal can push on as wing-backs while putting the likes of Jarrod Bowen and Said Benrahma closer to goal. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears Jesse Marsch was let go from Leeds nearly a month ago but his high-intensity pressing style could breathe some life into the West Ham team and revitalise the Hammers in their bid to avoid relegation. The American appears eager to get back into a Premier League job, having negotiated with Southampton before they gave Ruben Selles the gig until the end of the season but talks broke down over the length of his potential contract. Former West Ham midfielder Michael Carrick has got Middlesbrough flying up the Championship table as they currently sit third following a 5-0 win over Reading on Saturday. The ex-playmaker would ideally like to stay in the north-east and guide Boro to promotion, but an opportunity to take over at the London Stadium may be too difficult to turn down. Carrick has been in charge of just two Premier League games having taken temporary charge at Manchester United following Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's sacking, but claimed a 3-2 win over Arsenal and drew with Chelsea before handing the reigns to Ralf Rangnick. Another former West Ham midfielder could be eyeing up the job in Frank Lampard, as the former Derby, Chelsea and Everton boss is currently looking for work following his sacking from Goodison Park. While his time in Merseyside was uninspiring, he did show he was capable of keeping the Toffees in the Premier League and if the situation at West Ham does become direr, a firefighting boss such as Lampard could be considered.