The Royal Family yesterday shared pictures of Camilla, Queen Consort, on social media, alongside “inspiring women from across society”. These included Rose Ayling-Ellis, Tiwa Savage, Darcey Bussell, and Elaine Paige. The group were brought together for drinks and nibbles at the Palace to celebrate the achievements of women all over the world. Queen Camilla looked elegant in a matching, pinstripe skirt suit. Her jacket and skirt were both navy blue with subtle, white stripes. The jacket was tight-fitted and had a prominent collar with buttons running down its centre. Meanwhile, the skirt was mid-length and slightly pleated, protruding outwards a little towards Camilla’s knee-high boots. These were her trusty black, suede boots with a slight heel that she often wears for royal engagements. Camilla’s jewellery were also pieces the public have seen many times before - the Queen Consort donned her classic Van Cleef and Arpels bracelet. This is the Vintage Alhambra bracelet, which is made of 18k yellow gold. It is a gold chain featuring five four-leaf clover motifs in blue, with each motif edged in golden beads. The Queen's exact bracelet is no longer available to buy online, but other colours in the same design are available, retailing for a huge £3,900. The bracelet has a hidden meaning as it is said to bring Camilla luck. This is due to its special four-leaf clover design. The designer described the bracelet, saying: "Faithful to the very first Alhambra jewel created in 1968, the Vintage Alhambra creations by Van Cleef and Arpels are distinguished by their unique, timeless elegance. DON'T MISS: Man dons women's clothes to the office and his wife 'doesn't mind'  [REAL LIFE] Poundland to open new giant stores across the UK from Saturday  [RETAIL] Queen Letizia turns heads in silver gown with new hairstyle  [STYLE] "Inspired by the clover leaf, these icons of luck are adorned with a border of golden beads." Selfridges described the bracelet too, saying it had been "meticulously crafted". On its website, the retailer continued: "Defined by the lucky-charm clover motif that would become a house signature, the Alhambra collection was first launched by Van Cleef and Arpels in 1968. "A symbol for fortune, health and love ever since, though the design has continued to evolve, this Vintage Alhambra bracelet stays true to the iconic original." Camilla usually wears the bracelet to match her outfits - which are often blue. Blue seems to be the Queen Consort’s favourite colour because of the countless times she has donned the hue. Last week, on Thursday, March 2, a video clip was released of the Queen being interviewed for World Book Day. In it, she wore a vivid cobalt blue dress. Celebrity stylist and fashion expert Miranda Holder told Express.co.uk that the colour could be a source of comfort for Camilla - it “evokes professionalism” and, according to Miranda, even relatability. It is also a flattering colour on any skin tone, and brings out the royal’s blue eyes. Miranda said: “Blue is very flattering to Camilla’s summer complexion. But she, like most of the other royals, tends to favour blue more than any other shade, and there is a reason for this. “Blue evokes professionalism, reliability and trustworthiness - and because of this it is used a lot by the medical profession to put people at ease. “It’s also thought to assist all forms of clear thought and communication, so a good colour to wear when making a speech, for example.” Miranda added that “blue has become a bit of an unofficial uniform for many of the royals in a bid to reassure their public and put them at ease”. Yesterday, Camilla completed her look with a pair of pearl earrings and a brooch with the letters "wow" imprinted on it. This was merchandise for the Women of the World Festival, which Camilla has attended and spoken at in the past.