A gruesome discovery of ‘human bones’ in woodland by workers from a water company has sparked a police investigation. Enquiries are being carried out in the area near to where the bones were found and anyone with information is asked to come forward.  Police were called to a site near Cottingwood Lane, in Morpeth, Northumberland, just after 3pm on Thursday and cordoned off a section of the woodland. In a statement issued yesterday, Northumbria Police said: “Shortly before 3pm yesterday (Thursday) we received a report of potential human bones being found in a wooded area near Cottingwood Lane, Morpeth. “Officers remain at the scene to carry out enquiries and an investigation has been launched into the discovery. “Anyone with any concerns is advised to speak to an officer on duty. “Anyone with information can report to police using the ‘Tell Us Something’ page of our website or call 101 quoting reference NP-20230309-0647."  Both uniformed officers from Northumbria Police and forensics were seen working within the cordoned-off area of woodland. People walking their dogs in the woods told Chronicle Live their thoughts on the unexpected discovery. One said that they used to go to the nearby King Edward VI school and was surprised by the news of the suspicious find. Another said he walks both of his dogs around the nearby fields every day and was surprised to hear bones had be found in the area. READ MORE: 'I didn’t realise what we'd done to our son was bad until cops showed'   He added that he rarely goes into the field where the discovery was made but said it was close to his former school. Police have not yet confirmed whether or not the discovery the workers, who are thought to be from Northumbrian Water, made on Thursday afternoon is in fact human bones. If the bones are determined to be human then it is thought tests will be carried out to discover how old they are and, if possible, how the person died.   Don't miss... Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [WATCH] Man freed after spending 18 years in prison despite botched ID [REPORT] Harry and Meghan 'odds on' to attend Coronation, bookies say [ANALYSIS] Writing on Facebook, Richard Coxon said: “If this is human remains this is shocking, 20+ years ago this was not a thing up here, stabbings, murders, assaults and more are far too common in Northumberland now. What's happened?” And Carl Johnson asked him: “How do you know they aren't from 20+ years ago tho?” Alan Brown wrote: “There was nothing said about the age of the bones, they could be medieval for all we know.” In response, Julie Taylor said: “There was a plague pit up there.” 