Tomatoes are great to grow at home because they can thrive in a variety of locations, including in a greenhouse or in an outdoor sunny spot. There is also a huge array of varieties to choose from, which means Britons can tailor their growing to whatever they plan on using the tomatoes for. However, they can be quite needy, especially during the summer months. According to the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), tomatoes which will be grown in a greenhouse need to be sown between late February to the middle of March. If planning on growing outside, sow the seeds between late March and early April to give them the best chance at survival. To sow tomatoes, fill a small pot with compost, water it well and then sow three or four seeds on the surface before covering it with vermiculite. It is important to keep them at around 18C, which can be achieved in a heated greenhouse or on a warm windowsill. READ MORE: I removed stubborn limescale from my kettle with cheap kitchen staple Planting too early can cause a whole host of problems for gardeners, including frost damage or even rotting. Tomatoes are extremely thirsty plants, especially during the height of the summer because they like to be placed in direct sunlight. The RHS recommended watering tomato plants regularly when they are establishing, keeping the soil or compost evenly moist. Slow watering is essential for happy tomato plants, so make sure the water is fully absorbed before going in with more water. Gardeners should always water around the stem, making sure to avoid the stem itself. Don't miss... 'Never' make your bed as soon as you get up to avoid dust mites [EXPERT] Gardening expert shares three trends to ‘steer away’ from in spring [COMMENT] Five orchid ‘mistakes’ which could be killing your houseplant [INSIGHT] The RHS said: “Fluctuating moisture levels can cause problems with the fruit, such as splitting or blossom end rot. Plants in containers dry out quickly, so they may need watering daily in hot weather.” Laying a thick layer of mulch over the soil around tomato plants can help to retain any moisture in the ground and deter weeds. According to GardeningKnowHow, tomatoes are “heavy feeders” and they will thrive and potentially produce more fruit when provided with plenty of nutrients to grow through the season. If you don’t feed tomatoes, it can potentially lead to blossom end rot which is caused by a calcium deficiency. READ MORE: ‘Best’ methods to easily ‘clear’ your garden of pesky weeds The RHS said: “To boost fruiting, especially with plants in containers, feed every 10 to 14 days with a high potassium liquid fertiliser once the first fruits start to swell.” There are several tomato feeds on the market which can be purchased from both garden centres and online. When it comes to pruning, cordon tomatoes need to be treated differently from bush tomatoes so it is important gardeners know which ones they are growing. With cordon tomatoes, the side shoots should be removed regularly, but bush tomatoes do not need this type of care. Removing the side shoots from tomato plants can help to divert all of the energy back into the plant instead of the foliage, helping to boost fruiting. Gardeners should check for them every time they water the plant, checking it for any shoots sprouting just above the leaf. The RHS explained: “Bush tomatoes are more compact and less vigorous than cordon tomatoes, and may not need supporting at all. “But if they do carry a heavy crop of fruits, the side shoots may start to droop or be at the risk of snapping. If so, simply add short vertical canes when required, tying in the shoots loosely to the cane.”