Vanessa Feltz’s ex-fiance Ben Ofoedu responded to the This Morning presenter after her comments resurfaced. She announced last month that the couple had split after 16 years together, with Ben, 50, confirming his infidelity. The Phats & Small singer has publicly spoken out about their breakup and has said he's been "trolled and abused" online. Speaking before their split, Vanessa, 61, opened up about her sex life and admitted she faked orgasms in a bid to be "polite". Revealing the worst advice she'd ever been given she told the podcast before her split: "Experts say if you fake an orgasm, how will your lover/partner ever really know what you like? So they'll never do it. "I think that is the worst advice because sometimes it is just rude not to fake it. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon 'mum shamed' as she faces backlash  "Sometimes your partner is trying every trick in the book. They have been twiddling and licking and flicking. They're absolutely 10/10 for effort." She added on the Grazia Life podcast: "I'm not saying do it every time but on those occasions – when you're not concentrating and thinking about defrosting the freezer and are never going to get there – you've got to fake it, it's only polite. "Everyone saves face and no one's embarrassed or ashamed." Taking to Instagram today, Ben took to his stories and shared a candid a video while taking a walk outside. Speaking to the camera, Ben, with a smile on his face says: "Oh, so now you're faking it." Ben then grins and gives a small chuckle, going on to say: "Have a great day." It comes after Vanessa admitted life "isn't easy" after the split. She shared a video to Instagram on Monday where she revealed she "can't sleep in the middle of the night" but hopes it will get better. While enjoying dinner at the Brasserie Of Light restaurant within London's Selfridges, she was asked by a friend, "Vanessa, you’re looking great but how do you really feel?" After pulling an emotional expression, she replied: "Well, no one said it was going to be easy and I must say it isn’t easy actually, especially in the middle of the night when I can’t sleep and all of that. "But I’m keeping on, keeping on and I’ve got lots and lots of friends and family around me and I’m really loving that. "Everyday I suppose I hope it’s going to get a little bit easier but thank you for asking." Vanessa has kicked Ben out of the home the former couple had previously shared. Ben told the Mirror: “I’ve broken her trust. She gave me another chance. I’ve gone and destroyed that.” Admitting his shame, Ben says: “So many people have been hurt, not just Vanessa. I was so close to her grandchildren, her daughters, their husbands. We’re a close knit family. “My family have been appalled by it as well. There’s been a lot of pain."