King Charles has decided to evict Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from Frogmore Cottage, their residence in Windsor, it is claimed. The decision to boot the pair from the ten-bedroom house in Windsor was made shortly after the release of Harry's tell-all memoir, Spare. But an expert has said the move has left two members of the Royal Family "appalled". Omid Scobie, who co-wrote the couple's unofficial biography Finding Freedom, has lashed out at the King for evicting Harry and Meghan from the property at a time when communication between the Sussexes and the Royal Family are at "an all-time low". He described the decision as a "crushing blow" and also revealed that the couple have been left "stunned" by the move, and even the royals have been left dumbstruck by it. Writing in his column for Yahoo news, he said: "It’s news, sources tell me, that has left Harry and Meghan stunned, and at least two members of the Royal Family 'appalled'." Mr Scobie did not name who the members of the Firm shocked by the King's move were. Harry and Meghan have been given until "early summer to vacate", a source told Mr Scobie. The insider said: “Harry and Meghan have until early summer to vacate. “Initially they were given just weeks, but now they have at least until after the coronation.” Mr Scobie said the decision to take Frogmore away from the Sussexes takes away the "only sufficiently secure refuge" that they have in Britain. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore' He said: "With the Sussexes’ still unable to access royal police protection when in the UK, there is just one remaining space that meets the family of four’s security needs when visiting — Frogmore Cottage. "Just five minutes walk from Windsor Castle, and ensconced within the Metropolitan Police-led ring of steel surrounding the Windsor Estate, the couple’s British home has become Harry, Meghan, Archie and Lilibet’s only sufficiently secure refuge in the country since their access to armed police protection was taken away in 2020." Having access to Frogmore Cottage, made it easier for the Sussexes to attend the celebrations for Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee in June last year, Mr Scobie added. Newsweek's chief royal correspondent Jack Royston claimed that the couple may now feel unsafe "even stepping into Britain at all". DON'T MISS:Kate and William wise to Harry and Meghan's 'mission of destruction' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry tipped to make dramatic UK return for King's Coronation [DETAILS]Coronation chair gets a revamp as hidden detail shows past [PICTURES]  Speaking on Sky News, he added: "If this is correct, then it has mega ramifications for their relationship with the country." Harry and Meghan were given Frogmore Cottage by the late Queen as a wedding gift in 2018. They carried out a massive renovation of the property at a cost of £2.4million but only lived in the property for six months before moving to the US. The couple ended up paying back the cost of the renovation to the Sovereign Grant.