Every team in the Premier League would bend over backwards for Erling Haaland to join them if he were made available by Manchester City, as his debut season in England has shown his incredible ability to find the back of the net. The Norwegian leads the Golden Boot chase, having scored 27 goals in just 25 appearances so far this campaign. Harry Kane tops the chasing pack with nine fewer goals than Haaland, who despite Manchester City stuttering in their attempt to adapt to playing with a recognised number nine, has gone on to break several league records and many more will likely go before he hangs up his shooting boots. Haaland could have ended up at a completely different Premier League club, however, as he was close to signing for Everton. In the 2018 season, Haaland had scored 12 goals in 25 Eliteserien games for Molde and finished as the club’s top goalscorer as speculation was rife over where he would next continue his progression. ESPN have claimed that Everton had the opportunity to buy Haaland for £8.9million but instead opted to back the potential of Dominic Calvert-Lewin instead, as the English striker has recently burst onto the scene. It was a decision that the hierarchy at Goodison Park will rue as despite being three years older than Haaland, Calvert-Lewin has 97 fewer club career goals than the Norway star. Don't miss... Pep Guardiola names Man City successor and addresses Haaland to Real [LATEST] Calvert-Lewin has been plagued by injuries over the past two seasons but had shown promise, scoring 13 and 16 league goals in the 2018/19 and 19/20 seasons respectively. He has just six league strikes in the past two seasons, however, as Everton will have watched Haaland tear through the competition and wished that they paid the now-nominal fee for his services. That was the second time they had turned Haaland down, as he even had a trial at the club’s training ground Finch Farm as a youngster. Haaland played for Norwegian side Bryne at the time as a teenager and had been attracting interest following his goalscoring exploits, but the Toffees baulked at the figure and turned him down. Don't miss... Julian Alvarez 'concerned' due to Pep Guardiola as Barcelona circle [LATEST] Man City find winning Haaland recipe as Arsenal deficit reduced in win [LATEST] FIFA awards leak as 'result' of Messi vs Mbappe vs Haaland emerges [LATEST] Everton icon Duncan Ferguson explained that Haaland could have come through the Toffees’ ranks as a schoolboy. “I mean my God, what a phenomenal player Erling Haaland is,” Ferguson told William Hill. “He’s going to be incredible, isn’t he? But believe it or not, he was in at Everton. His Dad had brought him in at Everton and they never signed him! “He was brought in at about 15 or 16 years of age and the team he was with at the time [Bryne] wanted a couple of million quid for him and Everton wouldn’t buy him. Everton didn’t think it was the right move for them at the time…”