Benefits like Personal Independence Payments (PIP) are a gateway to other financial help in the form of 'freebie benefits' from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). These freebies could be worth more than £10,000 in additional financial support. Some £15billion is wasted in unclaimed benefits every year as millions of people miss out on money they are entitled to during the worst cost of living crisis since the 1950s. Britons are encouraged to claim all the benefits they may be entitled to as this could be vital for families feeling the squeeze. Britons, many of whom rely on PIP because they have a health condition or disability affecting their everyday lives, are struggling to pay soaring energy bills and food prices. Rising inflation hits those on the lowest incomes the hardest, but some are missing out on financial support that could help to ease financial pressures. READ MORE: Tax rises set to hit thousands of households - how to reduce impact of April increases Thousands of Britons are losing out on PIP which is not means tested so can be claimed even if people are working. Express.co.uk has found at least 10 freebies people may be eligible for if they are successfully claiming benefits like PIP or pension credit. PIP is split into a daily living component and a mobility component, depending on how much someone's condition affects their everyday life. PIP claimants can get up to £627.60 for the month, however, many people do not know that there are different freebies and discounts alongside the benefit to help support low-income families even further. PIP is available for those aged 16 or over who have not reached the state pension age. To qualify, individuals have to have a health condition or disability where they either have had difficulties with daily living or getting around (or both). Difficulties with daily living can include preparing or eating food, washing, bathing and using the toilet, dressing and undressing, reading and communicating, managing medicines or treatments, making decisions about money, and engaging with other people. There are freebies and discounts which could be available with the support too. However, it should be noted that each situation is different so the help available could vary. This includes:Council tax discounts - People might also be able to get a council tax discount if they claim the living or mobility part of PIP.They should contact their local authority to find out what discount they’re entitled to. READ MORE: State pensioners set to receive £300 cost of living payment - how to claim Disabled person's railcard - This could give someone up to third off rail fares - roughly £4.26 per journey or £91 per year depending on how often they get the train. Capped water bills - Some water suppliers offer customers help with their bills if they're on certain benefits through what's known as the WaterSure scheme. This sometimes includes those on disability living allowance or PIP. Free prescriptions - If someone has a disability that entitles them to PIP, they may be able to get free NHS prescriptions too. However, they might not be guaranteed the freebie as it is certain illnesses such as cancer or epilepsy which may entitle them. To get the free prescription people will have to apply for a medical exemption certificate. More information can be found on the NHS website. Lease a vehicle with PIP cash - If someone is awarded the enhanced rate of the mobility component of PIP and has 12 months or more remaining on their current allowance, they may be eligible to join the Motability Scheme. It's simple and affordable – people will have over 2,000 cars to choose from and insurance, tax and servicing are all included. Blue badge - PIP award letter can be used to apply for a blue badge, although some councils can charge for this. Vehicle tax reduction - If someone is receiving the standard rate mobility component of PIP, they can get a 50 percent reduction in vehicle tax. Cost of living payments - Over six million people with disabilities will receive a £150 payment this summer. More information on who is eligible will be made available in the upcoming months. Disabled Facilities Grant - People can apply for a Disabled Facilities Grant if they’re disabled and need to make changes to their homes to suit their needs. In England, people can get up to £30,000 in support. Benefit boost - People might be eligible for top-ups or what's called a disability premium. Claimants will need to get PIP as well as another benefit to be eligible. More information can be found on the Government website.