A children's author is frequently unable to recognise his own family's faces following a road accident that nearly killed him. Every morning, Thomas Leeds' wife Sophie asks him, "who am I?" or "what's my name?" If he responds with "you're my wife, Sophie," she can feel confident that he is having a "good brain day." If not, he is still suffering from his traumatic brain injury. When he was 19, Thomas was hit by a car while crossing the road in London. The accident at first seemed to have caused minimal physical injury - but doctors later realised he had formed a blood clot. He was "24 hours away from death" as doctors performed a critical operation. Following his surgery, Thomas, now 39, couldn't remember anyone from his family, or even his childhood home. He had lost all his memories from before the accident, and would also experience face blindness and epilepsy. After his first date with Sophie, when the pair arranged to meet for a second date, he said: "I'm sorry, but I won't recognise you tomorrow." Now the couple has provided a glimpse into how they make life work even despite Thomas' hidden disability. If Thomas is having a "good brain day", Sophie, now 38, said, then she can confidently leave him in charge as a stay-at-home dad while she heads into London from their home in Essex for her online sales publishing job. But if he is having what he calls a "bad brain day’" and can’t remember her, she will arrange to work from their home in Essex so she can do the school pick-up, cook tea and allow her husband the rest he needs for his memory to recover. Sophie told the Mail: "People look at Thomas and say: 'Oh, you’re not disabled' because he’s so smart, capable and a good communicator, but the disability is very real. There are days, when Thomas is not feeling well, or has had a major seizure, when it’s a case of him asking me: 'Who are you again?' throughout the day. "All you can do is watch him to make sure he is OK, wait for his brain to settle down and for him to come back to us." READ MORE: Pensioner left devastated after council tore apart her garden [REVEAL] Thomas may lose the thread of a conversation even while speaking. He said: "My memory can be very sketchy. There have been a couple of occasions in the park when I haven’t been able to recognise my own children." For instance, Thomas can recognise voices, so the girls know to call out or wave if he is struggling to recognise them. He will also take photos of what they are wearing whenever they head out. Soph explained: "His camera is always snapping away. He takes photos of everything, documenting huge parts of our life to help him remember. He usually recognises me because of my dyed bright red hair." She added that when Thomas is well, he is "one of the most organised and well-prepared people that I know", with "meticulous" planning". She said this was "because it has to be."  Don't miss... Bride's wedding 'ruined' as mother-in-law wears very similar dress [REVEAL] Mum left 'livid' after daughter returned home with 10 new piercings [ANALYSIS] Man accuses woman of catfishing him - but he was the catfish [INSIGHT] Thomas clarified that while it can seem as though he is forgetting someone entirely, he is only forgetting their face. He added that if he tries to remember too many things, "it wipes everything." He added: "It can be scary and frustrating, but I’m very lucky because I know when I’m having a bad brain day from the moment I wake up. If I have to leave the house then a friend will accompany me." Meanwhile, his daughters understand, having always known him to have his memory issues, and know that "sometimes Daddy isn't feeling very well." When Thomas has a seizure in front of them, or has just had one, they explain it to the children using simple language so they understand. He has also written a children's book for 8-to-12-year-olds, about someone with epilepsy and wakes up with no memory in a world of elves - he's a hero being hunted and must recover his memory before he is found. Thomas met Sophie through an internet dating site. She said: "He had all those qualities that make you go tick, tick, tick. I never thought about what he couldn’t give me because he gave me so much happiness."