Free prescriptions are an important entitlement for many, and while there are several exemptions, perhaps the most well-known is the over 60 age category. At present, the prescription charge in England is £9.35 per item, but exempt groups including over 60s do not have to pay. Currently, a consultation is occurring to discuss whether the free prescription age should be raised to align with the state pension age. In addition, a petition calling for a continuation of free prescriptions for over 60s in England gained over 46,000 signatures and was debated by MPs yesterday. However, many older Britons remain frustrated at the prospect the free prescription age could change. Amid the height of the debate, several people took to social media to share their fury. READ MORE: Britons warned the ‘price of happiness’ in retirement is £145,833 Jilly Bowling said: “Why should hould people who have worked hard through their lives have to now pay for their own NHS medications? “They stopped the free TV licence for pensioners how much more can they take? Great Britain? Not so great anymore.” Dawn Hardy argued: “‘Free’ prescriptions are not a retirement ‘benefit’, it’s the dividend for paying into the National Insurance for the best part of 50 years.” Sheila Hardy stated: “Pensioners have paid more than their fair share to the economy in the past. Most pensioners need prescriptions to help with their health.” Don't miss... Britons hit out as rail fares hiked by 5.9 percent [NEWS] first direct offers ‘competitive’ interest rate of 7% [LATEST] All the changes to expect for Universal Credit and other benefits [EXPLAINED] Hugo House added: “Leave the pensioners alone, at the end of life, every penny counts.” Many other people cited the notion of free prescriptions currently being available to all, regardless of age or circumstance, in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. This is due to the fact devolved governments have a say over their health policy. Some therefore called for free prescriptions to be made universally available across the whole of the UK. READ MORE: Santander warning after customer receives suspicious letter However, not everyone agreed, suggesting the system should be looked at again. YorkshireJon wrote: “Why should the young, who haven't benefitted from the capital growth/unearned wealth some of the older generation has, but are lumbered with student debt and an almost 50 percent effective tax rate, pay for your medication? “Surely there is a strong case for means testing.” Terry O’Neill stated: “60 years of age isn’t old these days. Only the incapacitated and those in need should receive free prescriptions. “It’s a wonderful idea, but unnecessary. Can the NHS afford it?” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea David White agreed with over 60s being charged, and remarked: “The prescription charge should be means-tested, perhaps only those receiving Pension Credit should get free prescriptions.” Pauline Clarke said: “There are no pensioners at 60 anymore. 66 is the pension age. “I’m 68 and have wondered why I’ve had free prescriptions since 60, when young people have to pay to cover it! Not fair.” The Department for Health and Social Care (DHSC) is yet to release the findings of the consultation, but stresses there has not been a change to the free prescription age. The Government stated it is considering the responses carefully and will respond “in due course”. A spokesperson added to Express.co.uk: “Thanks to our extensive arrangements to help people afford NHS prescription charges, almost 89 percent of prescription items in England are already provided free of charge.”