The Duke and Duchess of Sussex don't have "good options" when deciding on their attendance at the Coronation, a royal commentator has claimed. Australian columnist Daniela Elser weighed up the pros and cons for Meghan and Harry's presence at the historic event, after it was confirmed they have received their invites. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat She claimed the pair are "pretty much stuffed either way", no matter whether they travel back to London in May or if they stay away from King Charles's Coronation. Ms Elser noted Meghan and Harry have widely spoken about their unhappiness and struggles within the Royal Family over the past three years - with the Duke launching fresh criticism at his father King Charles on Saturday. The Firm and its members have been accused by the Sussexes of neglect, lack of warmth and unconscious bias among other things. The criticism levelled at the Royal Family, Ms Elser said, makes the idea of the Sussexes travelling across the pond "ridiculous". Moreover, the Duke demanded an apology from his relatives over the treatment Meghan received, something punters don't think he will ever get. In her op-ed for News.com.au, Ms Elser wrote: "If Harry goes, despite his father showing zero interest in sitting down to hash things out, having managed to wangle exactly zero concessions, let alone an apology, out of Buckingham Palace, it would make for quite the climbdown." At the same time, Ms Elser believes the Sussexex can't afford not to attend the Coronation, as their post-senior royal brand continues to be intrinsically connected to royalty. She claimed: "Their careers (and therefore their commercial prospects) rest entirely on their royal status, a resource they have managed to squander at a rate of knots thanks to their anti-palace agitprop." READ MORE: The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview However, the work they released in recent weeks in connection with the Royal Family - the six-part docu-series Harry & Meghan and the memoir Spare - seem to have dented their popularity in the US, according to polls. Moreover, the Sussexes' criticism of the Firm has attracted the attention of comedians and satirical programmes, including the cartoon South Park which lampooned for a whole episode Meghan and Harry. Ms Elser added: "If Harry and Meghan had thought that laying out their side of their story in painfully overwrought detail would trigger a wave of global sympathy or see them elevated in the celebrity pantheon then, bummer dudes. "They now face the possibility of sliding into irrelevance and facing an increasingly disinterested, bored audience who have heard their same complaints and sob stories again and again. "Which is why they can’t afford to skip the Coronation or the exposure it affords." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced via their spokesperson on the weekend they had received an invite to the historic event. Their representative said: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the coronation. "An immediate decision on whether The Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." The Coronation will take place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey, and those who received an invitation are expected to inform officials organising the event by early April.