  Former Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has hit out at reports claiming that the produce sold at Diddly Squat Farm produce is 200 per cent more pricey than the local supermarket. While the Clarkson’s Farm star acknowledge that the items were more expensive, he argued that the business would otherwise be operating at a loss.     Jeremy set the record straight in his latest column, where he highlighted how supermarket pricing can affect the farming industry. “AN idiotic story appeared this week which said that food in my farm shop costs a lot more than it does in the nearby branch of Aldi,” he wrote. “Yes. It does. Because I charge customers what it costs to grow and prepare the food, rather than selling it for what the supermarkets are prepared to pay. Which would mean operating at a loss. “The problem of supplying supermarkets is now so severe that many farmers are saving their money and not growing anything at all,” he added in his article for The Sun. READ MORE: Gary Lineker opens up on ‘unusual’ relationship with ex-wife Danielle     Jeremy’s outrage follows reports that the presenter has been selling large loaves of sourdough bread for £5.95 a pop, which is indeed more expensive than the nearest supermarket. This is 274.21 per cent more expensive than a comparable loaf costing £1.59 at Aldi supermarket, which is just a six-minute drive away in nearby Chipping Norton. According to research conducted by Evesham Journal, a box of eggs at Jeremy's shop is £3.20 which would cost £1.19 in Aldi. Meanwhile, Jeremy's own brand for a pot of pesto will set you back at £7.99 compared to just 95p at the local supermarket.       Honey is also a lot more expensive at an eye-watering £15 compared to just 75p at Aldi. However, his milk – or "cow juice" as he calls it – is £1.20 - only 1p more expensive than the same in the supermarket. While these price gaps might seem daunting, it is indeed true that larger brands have the advantage of selling to stores in bulk, which is how they are able to get the prices down. Jeremy reopened his Diddly Squat Farm Shop on February 10 to launch the second series of Clarkson's Farm, which has opened to largely positive reviews.     The popular Amazon Prime series follows Jeremy in his mission to run Diddly Squat farm, which is located in Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire. Jeremy is joined by local farm worker Kaleb Cooper, who often gives the star invaluable advice on everything from using equipment to handling the animals. The presenter’s girlfriend Lisa Hogan also appears on the show, assisting him with the farm and running the aforementioned farm shop. Elsewhere in his column this weekend, Jeremy spoke about being captivated by the Northern Lights.      The star recalled how “half of Britain was sitting in the garden trying to catch a glimpse of the Northern Lights” this week and admitted that he, too, was in awe of the naturally-occurring phenomenon. Speaking about what he described as the “wonders of the world”, he spoke about how they all “fade into insignificance compared to the Northern Lights.” “Seeing them should be on everyone’s bucket list,” he added authoritatively. Clarkson’s Farm is available to stream now on Amazon Prime.   