After years of being away from the limelight, Ed Sheeran has announced a new album ("-" AKA Subtract) and a string of tour dates. The iconic British singer-songwriter has poured his heart out for his fifth album, and the final record in the Mathematics series. After kicking off his music with "+" (Plus) in 2011, he has rinsed through the maths symbols with unique styles and genres. He recently opened up about how his new album is full of woe and trauma after his wife was diagnosed with a tumour while pregnant, and one of his close friends died suddenly. The newly-announced shows will have Ed playing in some of the country's biggest arenas as soon as this month, before playing a few more concerts in April. In it, he'll be playing a few oldies, while no doubt giving fans an insight into what is to come with his next album, Subtract. The album comes out in May, but tickets for the concert come out this week. Thankfully, there are a few presale events going on this week, so fans can get early access if they know where to look. Here's all the information you need. Ed Sheeran concert tickets have a few different presale events kicking off this week. The biggest presale event comes directly from Ed himself. He will be releasing his tickets tomorrow, Wednesday, March 8, 2023, at 9am. These presale tickets will only be available to people who have preordered Ed's new album, Subtract, however. His album can be grabbed from his official website, along with any merchandise or physical versions of the album. After that, a code or portal will be released to fans who have preordered the album, allowing them to grab tickets there ahead of general release. There is also a Three presale event kicking off on Friday, March 10, 2023, at 9am. This presale event is a little different to other presale events, however, as it goes live at the same time as the general onsale release. This means tickets will be largely available to everyone in the UK, but a smaller section of tickets will also be available to those who subscribe to the Three phone network. Once Three users have grabbed their presale code or portal link, tickets will be available at various retailers, including Ticketmaster. Some venues, including the Glasgow OVO Arena, will be holding their own presale events. The OVO presale also kicks off on Friday, March 10, 2023, at 9am - the same time as the general onsale release. Just like the Three release, this presale event will be available to fans who have signed up for the specific OVO newsletter or subscription and will have exclusive access to tickets that are not available during the general onsale release. If fans miss out on grabbing presale tickets, there will be one final chance to get tickets during the general onsale ticket release. Ed Sheeran general onsale tickets go on sale from Friday, March 10, 2023, at 9am. These tickets will be available to everyone who is looking to purchase tickets for Ed Sheeran's new UK tour and will be available at a number of retailers. Ticketmaster leads the pack with ticket sales and will be releasing a number of tickets in line with the general onsale release. Fans can grab their tickets by clicking this link. Live Nation may also be releasing their own batch of tickets. While the worldwide ticket retailer has an Ed Sheeran page live, there are currently no dates on the page. If they release tickets, they will be available here, but stay tuned to Express.co.uk to see if things change. Perhaps the most important aspect of buying Ed Sheeran tickets comes down to the strategy. Fans should work out their ticket buying strategy well in advance to ensure they don't come away disappointed after failing to grab tickets. First of all, it is recommended to sign up to your ticket-selling website of choice well in advance of the Ed Sheeran ticket release time. It would also help to input your credit card details into your site of choice if possible, hopefully providing a swift and smooth checkout experience. When tickets do come out - whether it's presale or general onsale - fans should get into the digital ticket queue and stay there. It is extremely important that you do NOT refresh your screen or move away from the webpage, otherwise you may lose your spot in the queue and your chance of getting tickets, as well. Ed Sheeran's new album, Subtract, will hit store shelves on May 5, 2023. This is two years after he released his fourth album, "=" (Equals), which arrived in 2021. After announcing the release of Subtract, Ed released a lengthy statement about what the album was about, and how he struggled to bring it to life after suffering a year of tragedy. Speaking about his wife's illness, his friend's death, and his 2022 plagiarism court battle, he said he has been trying to create a "perfect acoustic album". Ed said: "At the start of 2022. A series of events changed my life, my mental health, and ultimately the way I viewed music and art. Writing songs is my therapy. It helps me make sense of my feelings. I wrote without thought of what the songs would be, I just wrote whatever tumbled out. And in just over a week, I replaced a decade’s worth of work with my deepest darkest thoughts. "Within the space of a month, my pregnant wife got told she had a tumour, with no route to treatment until after the birth. My best friend Jamal, a brother to me, died suddenly, and I found myself standing in court defending my integrity and career as a songwriter. I was spiralling through fear, depression and anxiety. I felt like I was drowning, head below the surface, looking up but not being able to break through for air." On the album's completion, he added: "This album is purely that. It’s opening the trapdoor into my soul. For the first time I’m not trying to craft an album people will like, I’m merely putting something out that’s honest and true to where I am in my adult life. This is last February’s diary entry and my way of making sense of it. This is Subtract."  