And, in an over-simplified tabloid nutshell, that question was: "Is Matt Hancock implicated in the deaths of almost 18,000 people?" It was in fact an emergency question put to Social Care Minister Helen Whately straight after PMQs but by this point only 54 MPs of the 650 we pay the wages of remained in the House of Commons. The question was of course a spin-off from today's Daily Telegraph scoop examining more than 100,000 WhatsApp messages to and from our erstwhile Health Secretary turned unlikely Casanova turned delusional I think I'm a Celebrity.. Matt Hancock. It's mean I know, but rarely has the phrase politics is showbiz for ugly people been quite so apposite. In the House this afternoon, after hundreds of MPs had decanted to more pressing lunches, Shadow Minister for Health and Social Care Liz Kendall asked earnestly of her opposite number: "Can she confirm that 17,678 people died of Covid in care homes between the Chief Medical Officer's advice and the Government finally deciding to act? "She should know because she was responsible for care homes at the time." The nub of the Telegraph claims, and thus Ms Kendal's, is that Mr Hancock did not follow advice from Chief Medical Officer Chris Whitty to test all residents going into English care homes. He decided to test those being admitted from hospital but not from the community, saying that doing the latter “muddies the waters.” Whatever the truth, the grim results of that policy we are all aware of. It should be pointed out that Mr Hancock has denied the claims and is blooming furious - not least because the leak was from Isabel Oakeshott the waspish hack he chose to write his recently published "Pandemic Diaries" with. Isabel also penned 2000 words for the front of the DT today basically explaining how Britain now owes her a debt of gratitude which can never be repaid thanks to her revelations. Though it was difficult at times to figure out if she was addressing the reader or the UK Press Awards judging panel directly. One of her points though - that public inquiries are basically the death of actual inquiry - is undeniable. France and Sweden have already wrapped up their inquiries, with Italy not far behind. Let's open a book - I'm going even money on four years over here. The legal maxim "justice delayed is justice denied", which may or may not be attributable to Gladstone, applies just as much to inquiries. But back to the floor of the House. Although I'm no fan of Mr Hancock, there is a distinct feeling there is more to this than meets the eye. After her berating at the dispatch box our Social Care Minister got to her feet and tutted: "I'm shocked and disappointed in the tone she (Liz Kendall) has used today when we are dealing with extremely difficult questions." She then pointed out both that at the start of the pandemic data was very thin on the ground and, more pointedly, that her opposite number Ms Kendal - who'd just given her both barrels - had been more than in the loop on Covid-related public health matters at the time. As a slight aside, I also remember writing at the time that when all this Covid stuff shakes down there will be criminal investigations into PPE contracts and the like, and a political bloodbath of blame and counter-blame. But I also wrote that right at that moment no one cared - so long as millions of Britain's didn't die of this terrifying new disease. Our memories are goldfish short. Ultimately Ms Whately repeated the advice of her Prime Minister about 20 minutes earlier - that making accusations based on "a selection of messages" in a newspaper was not a solution and that a full inquiry, however painfully long, was. She's very probably right.