The charity worker at the centre of a race row after a royal aide repeatedly asked her where she was from has temporarily stepped down from her role after struggling to deal with the backlash. Ngozi Fulani, CEO of Sistah Space, told Good Morning Britain her organisation had suffered as a result of the incident - and that there has been no proper apology from Buckingham Palace. The row erupted after remarks by Lady Susan Hussey at an event hosted by Queen Consort Camilla to raise awareness of domestic violence.   "When you think that this as supposed to be for violence against women and girls, because of this incident, the violence has been directed at me," Ms Fulani said. "The Palace hasn’t intervened, I think they could’ve. What I’ve had to do, I’ve had to temporarily step down as CEO of Sistah Space. "I’m announcing that now because the service users and the community can’t access us properly." Lady Hussey, 83, resigned from her role as lady-in-waiting after the event last year. She subsequently sat down with Ms Fulani and apologised - but Ms Fulani today revealed the impact that the furore has had on her.  READ MORE:Jeremy Kyle jokes Prince Harry should 'throw Meghan down a well' "The Sistah Space charity has suffered as a direct result," she told Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley. "It’s been horrible and it’s been consistent." She said the incident had cost the charity a fortune as they had had to pay for PR to deal with the backlash. Highlighting the ongoing struggles both she and Sistah Space has endured after the situation, Richard asked whether or not she regretted going public.  She replied: “Not at all. I’m about discussing and making aware of violence against women and girls. I’ll go anywhere at any time to fight that cause and I didn’t expect for that to be directed at me at all." Ms Fulani also slammed Buckingham Palace for not issuing a direct apology to her after the encounter. Madeley informed viewers that in a statement from the Palace, which was released after Ms Fulani and Lady Hussey’s meeting, they claimed a number of pledges were made which had all been honoured. Don't miss... GMB guest rages 'stick to football' at Gary Lineker over migrant row [LATEST] The Bay's Marsha Thomason details ‘fiasco’ on set filming series 4 [LATEST] This Morning viewers thrown into frenzy over scone segment [LATEST] These included enhancing diversity and inclusivity, agreeing that no further media comment would be made and they also reiterated how sorry they were for the incident. Apologising for any distress and difficulty that was caused for Ms Fulani, Madeley asked: “Why isn’t that enough for you?” She replied: “Who are they apologising to? If you’re sorry, tell me you’re sorry. If you’re not, it speaks for itself,” adding that if you have to ask someone for an apolgy, it isn't an authentic apology.  Her daughter Djanomi Headley told the two hosts the agreements the Palace have claimed they’ve honoured were not what they had agreed with them. Lady Hussey recently returned to Royal duties after being asked by Princess Anne to go to a memorial service on her behalf.