It is no secret that Liverpool are in need of a serious reshaping to refresh their ageing squad, though it will also bring a bit of hunger back to the squad. The Reds were once known as the ‘mentality monsters’, though they look drained of the desire to retain that title. Liverpool’s season was summed up over the past few matches, putting seven past Manchester United last weekend before losing 1-0 to Bournemouth on Saturday. Philip Billing scored the all-important goal on the day, with serious questions being raised of why the attack wasn’t sniffed out sooner and a cross was able to be delivered with very minimal pressure. Liverpool looked out of sorts from the off at the Vitality Stadium, with Jurgen Klopp’s side showing no real signs of breaking down the strong Bournemouth defence. And even when they were offered a lifeline after Adam Smith handled Diogo Jota’s header, Mohamed Salah smashed his penalty uncharacteristically wide. The importance of the match against United could not have been understated, but failing to put the Cherries to the sword indicated that Liverpool are not the force of old – both ability-wise and mentally. Trent Alexander-Arnold hinted at that after the match, saying: “They are fighting for survival. But every team in the league is fighting for something so it means a lot to get the three points. Don't miss... Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag not changing transfer plans for trio [LATEST] “I think looking back on it now, they probably wanted it more than us and that is something that is unacceptable and we need to make sure this kind of thing doesn’t happen again.” For a team that has already endured an underwhelming campaign, lacking desire against a team at the foot of the table is inexcusable – and it is as good a reason as any as to why Klopp must demand fresh faces in the dressing room or make some bold team selection decisions up until that point. Several pundits hinted that complacency would soon slip into the Reds’ ranks, including Manchester United hero Gary Neville, and Klopp implied that his team were not up to the mark as well, saying: “I think the spaces we had to play in were super clear, super open, and we didn’t use them often enough. Don't miss... Liverpool duo worrying Eder Militao after Real Madrid team watched ... [NEWS] Liverpool told they are only club who can pull off deal for Mount [TRANSFER] Jurgen Klopp calls out his Liverpool players in difference to Man Utd [LATEST] “The spaces next to their two midfielders, the rest was more or less busy with covering other spaces but we didn’t use that often enough, didn’t enjoy the challenge enough to face a deep, compact side.” It could be a challenge in itself for Klopp to push his side to return to being hungry for success, and the ex-Borussia Dortmund boss may be concerned that he even needs to go the effort of rallying his troops when a spot in the Champions League is up for grabs. However, at least he is one step closer to diagnosing the problem in Merseyside.