For the first time in months, Tory MPs now foster the hope that all is not lost. This change in mood has been brought about by the Prime Minister’s achievement in negotiating a new deal – the Windsor Framework – over Northern Ireland’s post-Brexit relationship with the EU. Critics said he would find it impossible to win more concessions from Brussels, yet, in an astonishing display of political dexterity, he managed to secure the province’s place in the union and reduce the role of Europe’s institutions, while still upholding the balance between the region’s two national traditions. This is a leader who has managed simultaneously to win praise from both the European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and Steve Baker, once the uncompromising leader of the Tory Brexiteers in the European Research Group. The Windsor deal is a triumph for Sunak. It was built on the kind of formidable skills he showed in his handling of the Covid pandemic as Chancellor, including his ability to win the trust of others, his clarity of purpose, his sweeping grasp of policy, his forensic attention to detail and his phenomenal capacity for work. In the wake of the agreement, the narrative of his premiership has been transformed. No longer the caretaker of decline in a fag-end government, he now enjoys a new authority as a problem-solver. The Windsor breakthrough is excellent news for Northern Ireland, not only in its potential to boost prosperity and investment, but also in its ability to cement peace as the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement approaches. Yet the impact will be felt far beyond the province. It will open a new chapter in Britain’s relations with the EU, which could lead to greater co-operation in combatting illegal immigration, as well as further trade deals and our involvement in lucrative scientific and research programmes. Even the prize of a new economic partnership with the USA could soon be in Britain’s grasp.  Northern Ireland is also important on the domestic front. Sunak’s deal gives him a large amount of political capital to sustain him through the inevitable storms ahead, just as the Good Friday Agreement massively strengthened Tony Blair’s premiership, while Margaret Thatcher’s image as the Iron Lady was reinforced by her resolution against the IRA hunger strikers and Brighton bombers. What makes the Windsor Framework more remarkable is how it fits a clear pattern of recent Downing Street successes that contradict the fashionable portrayal of Rishi Sunak as a nerdish technocrat without any real grasp of politics. Unlike Boris Johnson, it was said, he had no charisma. In contrast to Liz Truss, claimed his detractors, he had no vision. But his record is fast making a mockery of such criticisms as he turns out to be a far subtler, more effective operator than many expected. It was his courageous decision – against the advice of many experts – to block the Scottish Government’s explosively controversial Gender Recognition Bill that plunged the SNP into turmoil and caused Nicola Sturgeon’s downfall. She was meant to be the canniest politician in Britain, yet she was comprehensively outmanoeuvred by Sunak. Similarly, he presides over a rapidly recovering economy, where the public finances are far healthier and tax revenues more buoyant than only a few months ago.  That is partly through sensible decisions he and his Chancellor Jeremy Hunt have taken, like the fiscal consolidation in the last autumn statement. But it is also because, by his very presence as Britain’s most economically literate Prime Minister of modern times, he provides tremendous reassurance to the money markets and businesses. Sunak has brought back stability to No 10 with his orderly methods and respect for Cabinet government. But he is no desiccated office manager. On the contrary, he can be a fluent, nimble and a powerful communicator, as he shows in the Commons, where he regularly gets the better of the leaden Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer at Prime Minister’s Questions. The Tories are still in the mire, dragged down by problems like inflation and policy failures such as anarchy in the English Channel. But Sunak might just have given them a distant chance of a revival. 