Emma Raducanu has withdrawn from Tuesday's Eisenhower Cup less than eight hours before the pre-Indian Wells exhibition event begins. It has thrown doubt over her current fitness ahead of the first WTA 1000 event of the year and is another setback to the Brit's 2023 season after tonsillitis forced her out of last week's ATX Open. Raducanu was set to join forces with fellow Brit Cameron Norrie in Tuesday's Eisenhower Cup - a Tie Break Tens event taking place at the Indian Wells Tennis Garden on the eve of the first 1000-point event of the year. But with less than eight hours until the tournament begins, the world No 77 has withdrawn and been replaced. Indian Wells tournament organisers announced the news, tweeting: "Emma Raducanu is out of tonight's Eisenhower Cup." It remains to be seen whether the 20-year-old is just taking extra caution after tonsillitis forced her out of last week's inaugural ATX Open or whether there is a more serious setback that could jeopardise her hopes of competing in the main event. Raducanu has been replaced by Paula Badosa, who will team up with Norrie in a partnership of Indian Wells' two 2021 champions, in a mixed-doubled format that sees teams play 10-point tiebreaks to advance.  Just in BBC axe 60-year Wimbledon tradition after Sue Barker retires [LATEST] In a further blow to Raducanu's hopes for the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, she also cancelled her planned practice session on Tuesday after her name disappeared from the schedule. The world No 77 has played just two events so far this year - the ASB Classic and the Australian Open - because of injury and illness. Raducanu rolled her ankle in her second-round match in Auckland and was forced to retire in tears. It wrecked her preparation for the Australian Open but she chose to compete and won her opening round before losing to seventh seed Coco Gauff. Don't miss... Medvedev was left with 'nothing' before epic run of three titles [QUOTES] Carlos Alcaraz named alongside Haaland and Russell in new accolade [LATEST] Netflix renews tennis documentary Break Point for second season [NEWS] Raducanu was set to make her return in Texas last week and travelled to the tournament before she was forced to withdraw after contracting tonsillitis. But halfway through the week, the British No 1 said she was feeling better as she shared an Instagram story of herself going out for Texan BBQ food. She is set to face Danka Kovinic in the opening round of Indian Wells, with her half of the draw expected to play on Thursday. The world No 77 also has a wildcard into the upcoming Miami Open - the second WTA 1000 event in the 'sunshine double'.