British Airways Executive Club members are able to bag trips abroad for as little as £1 when booking with their Avios members points, and locations include New York City, Barbados and Mauritius. Members have been able to spend their Avios on flights for quite some time, but the brand has recently launched the option to pay for holiday packages using the member point system. This means that holiday goers can now choose a flight and hotel package, with the option of adding on a rental car, with British Airways Holidays and use their points towards the total price of a holiday when making their booking rather than forking out the cash. British Airways Executive Club members can earn Avios towards their travel plans in many ways including spending on the British Airways American Express Credit Card, travelling with Uber, converting Nectar points and shopping on the British Airways Avios eStore. In order to take advantage of this member perk, customers are able to pick out their preferred package before being given up to nine different Avios payment options at the check out to decide how many points and how much cash they want to spend on their trip.This can be as little as £1 paired with points, depending on their Avios balance. Customers can look forward to return flights and two nights’ accommodation in Barcelona from £1 + 67,650 Avios for two people sharing (50p + 33,825 per person) or even three nights in New York City from £1 + 246,275 Avios for two people sharing (50p + 123,188 Avios per person). Claire Bentley, Managing Director of British Airways Holidays, said: “Now more than ever we want to give as many options as possible when it comes to booking that much needed holiday, so we are really excited to offer our Executive Club Members the ability to spend Avios on a package with British Airways Holidays. “When people book with us, they can do so knowing that we take their holiday seriously. As well as a wide range of holidays to suit all travellers and budgets, we have a dedicated helpline available to customers at any point during their holiday, so they can switch off and relax knowing that they are in safe hands.” In addition to packages with British Airways Holidays, British Airways Executive Club Members can use Avios to pay, or partially pay for flights, as well as seat selection, upgrades and on board food and drink. British Airways also recently rolled out its Reward Flight Saver to 100 per cent of its members. This gives customers the change to purchase a Reward Seat for a low flat free with a fixed amount of Avios. This allowed travellers to go to Europe from as little as £1 plus 18,500 Avios or to a long-haul destination, such as New York City, from £100 plus 50,000 Avios. Shoppers can explore the full range of British Airways Holidays packages here.