A young couple have been found dead after going missing almost five months ago. Leslie Hoorelbeke, 22, and 21-year-old Kevin Trompat were planning to stay at a friend's house in a commune in the Deux-Sèvres Département of western France in November last year. However, the couple never arrived at their destination. Two bodies were discovered earlier this month, and their identities were confirmed by authorities. Mr Trompat’s body was located in a field by the side of a road in Puyravault, the same town where some of the pair’s belongings were found in December. Ms Hoorelbeke’s remains were found in the nearby town of Virson. The couple met through a mutual friend, a month before their untimely deaths.  Cyril Lacombe, the public prosecutor, confirmed the victims were likely killed after being struck “with a blunt instrument”. On the night the couple disappeared, Mr Trompat was carrying €10,000 (£8,800) in cash in order to buy a second hand car, according to his stepmother who loaned him the money. They left a friend’s home in Prahecq at approximately 2:30 in the morning, to meet another friend, 22-year-old Tom Trouillet, however, they never arrived. Days later, items of clothing and other belongings were found in a recycling bin. One of the items was Mr Trompat’s road safety certificate.  Don't miss... Former RAF base likely riddled with asbestos chosen to house migrants [LATEST] Single mum slapped with £170 fine for 14 minute McDonald's overstay [LATEST] Three have been arrested in connection with the crime, including the friend who they were travelling to meet. Tom Trouillet was charged for kidnap and forcible confinement on March 2. A day later, a second suspect, Nathan Badji, also 22, was charged with murder, kidnapping, and modifying a crime scene.  Enzo C, the third suspect, was indicted on the same charges as Nathan. A possible motive for the couple’s murders has yet to be revealed by prosecutors. The suspects are being held in a preventative prison as the investigation goes on.   