A Ukrainian soldier has been filmed dodging a shower of Russian tank shells and blasts. Footage shows the moment the solier comes face-to-face with a Russian armoured personnel carrier (APC). He is seen diving into cover after several intense blasts but re-emerges and fires some shots back at the vehicle. The video was shared on a Ukrainian Twitter page with the caption: "Our hero under heavy fire one-on-one with an APC. "Books should be written about these people, and they are just silently defending our country." It is unclear exactly where the dramatic scene took place, although the battlefield seems to resemble the frosty trenches in Bakhmut where intense fighting continues. Ukrainians have clung onto the city today amid wave after wave of Russian troops attacking. According to military experts, the situation could be desperate for Ukrainians there. READ MORE: South Africa on verge of 'collapse' as blackouts threaten civil war Ukrainians have clung onto the city today amid wave after wave of Russian troops attacking. According to military experts, the situation could be desperate for Ukrainians there. Oleh Zhdanov, a Ukrainian military analyst, has described the situation as critical. He said: "There is a danger that our garrison in Bakhmut will be encircled." "The enemy is attempting to sever the routes used to supply our forces in Bakhmut and halt all movement along them,” he added. Don't miss... Russia's 'total collapse surprisingly close' in Ukraine [LATEST] Putin condemns ‘Ukraine terrorist attack’ despite disinformation claim [LATEST] Putin's forces stuck in nightmare conditions slugging it out in mud [LATEST] "The Russian forces cannot win street battles in Bakhmut or take the city by attacking head-on. The only way they can take the city is to surround it." The analyst said Putin's men were putting "colossal pressure" on Ukrainians around the east bank of the Bakhmuta river. He described how they were struggling with wave after wave of attacks. Trucks dropping off fresh reinforcements are refilled with wounded "like a conveyor belt", he added. 