Queen Camilla wore her second outfit of the day this evening to a reception hosted by the King at Buckingham Palace. In attendance were the Commonwealth Secretary General, high commissioners, and other representatives of the 56-nation association. William, the Prince of Wales was also at the reception, but Kate, the Princess of Wales didn't make an appearance. For the occasion, Camilla had changed from a royal blue coat dress to an entirely different outfit. She donned a black dress with white, embroidered features. The dress' chest was white, as well as its sleeve cuffs. It was long-sleeved and had a mid-length skirt that reached just below Camilla's knees. She wore a pair of black, sheer tights and black heels. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby Her heels were chunky and seemed to be suede. The Queen's hair was in its usual fluffy, post-blow dry style, and she wore minimal make-up. As for jewellery, Camilla wore her usual collection of gold bracelets, including her Van Cleef and Arpels jewel. This is the Vintage Alhambra bracelet, which is made of 18k yellow gold. DON'T MISS: Eggs are now 56 percent more expensive than they were in October [SUPERMARKETS] Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh is elegant in cream coat dress  [STYLE] Iceland boss prepares to climb Everest - 'very emotional' [REAL LIFE] Camilla's bracelet is a gold chain featuring five four-leaf clover motifs in blue, with each motif edged in golden beads. The Queen's exact bracelet is no longer available to buy online, but other colours in the same design are available, retailing for a huge £3,900. The bracelet has a hidden meaning as it is said to bring Camilla luck. This is due to its special four-leaf clover design. The designer described the bracelet, saying: "Faithful to the very first Alhambra jewel created in 1968, the Vintage Alhambra creations by Van Cleef and Arpels are distinguished by their unique, timeless elegance. "Inspired by the clover leaf, these icons of luck are adorned with a border of golden beads." These bracelets were on Camilla's right wrist, while she wore a slim watch with a black, leather strap and a gold face on her left wrist. The royal wore the same jewellery as she had worn for the Commonwealth Day Service earlier today, which took place in Westminster Abbey. She was also wearing her black sheer tights and black suede heels for the day service. But the Queen had changed from her royal blue coat dress. This featured long sleeves, a prominent collar, and buttons running down its centre. She accessorised with a matching blue hat featuring a stylish feather, as well as a sapphire and diamond brooch. The brooch belonged to the Royal Collection but was worn many times by the late Queen Elizabeth II during her lifetime. Called the Russian Sapphire Cluster Brooch, it was part of Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia's collection. It was purchased by Queen Mary in the 1930s and was later worn by both the Queen Mother and Queen Elizabeth.