Lanzarote, one of Spain’s leading holiday destinations, recently announced plans to attract a "higher quality" form of tourism. The island’s president has now praised German tourists, in what some have taken as a slight on Britons. Maria Dolores Corujo said: “It’s essential to work on the diversification of the sector and the growth of markets like the German market, which adapt to our intentions of aiming at higher-quality tourism and holidaymakers who spend more when they’re here and moves us away from mass tourism.” The president made the comments at the Berlin Tourism Fair as part of a bid to promote the Canary Island destination. Last month, Corujo said Lanzarote was saturated and said she wanted to change the island’s form of tourism. She plans to attract fewer guests who spend more money to the island and discourage bargain hunting travellers from visiting. READ MORE: Best staycation destination to spot UK wildlife named About half of tourists travelling to Lanzarote are British and some took offence at the president’s comments. She said the island planned to reduce its dependency on the British market and make Lanzarote more upmarket. However, the director of the Spanish Tourist Office in the UK, said that Spain would not discriminate by “type of visitor”. Hotel bosses in Lanzarote were also angered by the news and said that the plans could put tourists off and damage the industry. Don't miss... Best staycation destination to spot UK wildlife named [INSPIRATION] London airport first to scrap 100ml liquid rule [LATEST] Travel expert explains the five foods to avoid before a flight [WARNING] They have said that hotels will need money if they are expected to raise the quality of accommodation. Lanzarote has yet to announce how it plans to limit the number of tourists and attract different markets. In February, ‘cladeek135’ an Express.co.uk commenter, said: “Why do Brits keep spending their cash in resorts that don’t want them? “They want wealthy tourists in ‘Lanzagrotty’ they better get higher end shops, accommodation, restaurants and bars.” READ MORE: Bali launches campaign to tackle what tourists wear However, another user ‘tt84’ said: “I’ve got to be honest, I went to Lanzarote when I was about 25. I never really found the appeal. “It was full of empty tat shops and bars. Hopefully it works out for them, if it does, hopefully the island will improve. “As it was, I would never go back. If the whole island gets behind it and the Government support them, there is no reason why it can’t be a success.” Another commenter said: “Sounds like they want to make it a more pleasant place to visit.” Lanzarote isn’t the only Spanish destination to be cracking down on the mass tourism industry. Parts of Majorca, including Magaluf, have introduced drink limits to try to discourage booze tourism. Party boats and all-you-can-drink deals have been banned while all-inclusive resorts are also subject to drink limits. Magaluf is trying to change its reputation as a party destination and attract more families and cultural visitors.