The family of a Bullmastiff Staffordshire Terrier cross who played the beloved pet of the Taylor family in EastEnders have appealed for help to fund life-saving surgery for the pooch. Cyrus, who played Bronson in the hit BBC soap has been diagnosed with a brain tumour. Now, having exhausted all her funds trying to save him, his owner has launched a GoFundMe to try and raise the money for treatment. Cyrus first appeared on screens in 2017 when the Taylor family arrived in Albert Square. He appeared in dozens of episodes with many of the stars of the show. As well as his on-screen family, he appeared in scenes with the likes of Kush Kazemi (played by Davood Ghadami) and Denise Fox (Diane Parish). In an emotional scene in 2021, Bronson was killed off when his family were told to have him put down. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 The Taylors took him to the vet after being sick where they learned he was seriously unwell. He determined that Bronson's ill health was due to his age. The vet suggested the best thing for him would be to put him to sleep. He told matriarch Karen (Lorraine Stanley) and her stepdaughter Bailey (Kara-Leah Fernandes) that the dog was struggling to breathe. In real-life, Cyrus' condition was discovered when his owner Caroline King took him to the vet after he suffered seizures. After numerous tests including an MRI, she was given the grim diagnosis. Having exhausted her funds paying for his treatment to date, she launched the fundraiser to try and get him the medical help that he needs. Writing on the GoFundMe page she said: “I hate asking for help never have before but have exhausted all my funds on tests so far, I’m not prepared to just give up on him he’s my world any help any share would mean so so much." (sic) DON'T MISS:Joshua Jackson seduced by Lizzy Caplan in Fatal Attraction first-lo... [SPOILER]Dan Walker 'on fine form' hosting first major event after horror bi... [INSIGHT]Endeavour to learn something about Thursday 'he will take to his ... [SPOILER] Cyrus, who also appeared on stage playing Bill Sykes's dog Bullseye in Oliver, needs radiotherapy to help shrink the tumour. Caroline told The Sun, it is a "race against time" to save her furry friend. "The thought of losing him is heartbreaking,” she said. “It’s utterly gut-wrenching. “He has been suffering seizures but I was told they were nothing to worry about. I asked for a second opinion and we have been given this shocking diagnosis." The treatment is only available in Edinburgh and she is hoping to raise £12,000 to pay for it. Caroline is hoping that fans of EastEnders will find it in their hearts to help At the time of writing, she had already hit £10,833 in donations on the page. The page is still open and you can donate to Cyrus GoFundMe.  EastEnders on BBC One has a scheduling shake up this week due to the FA Cup. There will be a double episode on Monday February 27th at 7.30pm, Thursday night’s episode will broadcast at 7.30pm as usual and there will be an episode at 7.30pm on Friday. All episodes will be on the iPlayer at 6am on their usual date of broadcast.