Stacey Solomon celebrated washing her hair for the first time in three weeks, having neglected it due to the time taken up caring for a newborn baby, with a family photo. All of her five children were present alongside Joe - three that they share together and her two older sons from former relationships. However, Joe's eldest son Harry was nowhere to be seen. The photo depicted everyone wearing a shade of lilac or blue, except for baby Belle who was dressed in white - but one child was absent from their display of unity Some trolls criticised the couple for not including Harry, who turns 16 this year, in the snap. "Joe's boy should be included in this!" one Instagrammer insisted. Meanwhile, another wrote: "It must be hard videoing every day. Why is Joe's son not in any of your pictures?" READ NOW: Jeremy Clarkson hits back over Diddly Squat farm shop pricing claims Though some fans urged against "toxic comments", a third speculated: "Blended family, just feel a bit gutted for Joe's son...unless his mum doesn't want him involved in anything." Similar comments have been made on Stacey's previous family posts. She had addressed the issue in an Instagram Stories video dating back to 2019 - the same year that she and Joe welcomed their first baby, Rex, together. In a clip, she explained that she isn't "able" to include Harry publicly.  The Sort Your Life Out star explained: "I got loads and loads of comments, and I get these comments quite a lot, asking about all of our children in my photos. "Unfortunately it’s not something I’m able to do, otherwise I’d do it all the time." Explaining that there are complexities to living in a blended family, she assured her followers: "All the kids are a massive part of our lives. "We love them all equally and adore them and, behind the scenes, they’re very much on every stocking, in every book, in every photo. "But publicly that’s not something that I can do and I totally respect that."   She added: "We respect everyone’s wishes, we’re a blended family and sometimes that’s a bit more complicated than it seems." Last year, Stacey sparked a favouritism debate when she suggested jokingly on TV that her eldest son, Zachary, is her favourite child - and that she believes every mother of multiple kids has one that they prefer. In an episode of her Crafty Christmas show, she was seen cutting out a photo of her eldest to make a personalised Christmas tree bauble while affectionately sighing: "Ah Zach, my favourite child." She added: "Just kidding - but he is. I'm just joking again - everyone's got one, don't pretend you don't."    Stacey, who gave birth to him aged just 17, credits him with giving her the impetus to succeed in her career, due to the pressure she felt to provide an excellent quality life for him. 14-year-old Zach's father is her childhood sweetheart Dean Cox, while she has another child, 10-year-old Leighton, from a relationship with ex-fiance Aaron Burnham. With Joe, she has son Rex, who is about to turn four, and daughters Rose and Belle, born in 2021 and 2023 respectively. Meanwhile, Stacey fiercely denied suggestions that any of the children are from "broken homes" in an impassioned Instagram post made recently. "I used to really beat myself up about not being able to offer [the kids] a 'normal', 'perfect' family all under one roof, until I realised how normal, and perfect our family is for us" she explained. "Families come in all shapes and sizes and what’s important is that the love is there no matter where it comes from."