Jake Paul has challenged Floyd Mayweather to face him one on one in the ring after being approached by TBE and his entourage at a Miami Heat game on Wednesday night. The Problem Child, sensing a potentially sticky situation, bolted it across the street to safety as Mayweather stepped closer. The pair haven’t crossed paths since sparking a mass brawl ahead of Mayweather’s exhibition bout with Jake’s older brother Logan in 2021. Jake snatched Mayweather’s cap off of his head resulting in the boxing legend landing a swift right hand on the ex-Disney star as he laid chase. And now a video obtained by TMZ shows Paul running away from Mayweather to cries of “he’s scared” after being confronted about the incident. Taking to Instagram to share his side of the events, Paul said: "So, I'm leaving the Miami Heat game and Floyd Mayweather and 50 dudes pull up out of nowhere, out of like some side alley, waiting for me outside the stadium, and they're like, 'So what's up? what's all that talk now?” He added: "I'm like first of all, what did I say to you Floyd? I just took your hat and you're still mad about it? Come on, bro. And then 50 dudes literally start surrounding me to jump me, and I'm out that b****, ok?" A few hours later Paul challenged Mayweather to settle the score inside the squared circle. “Floyd if you want to fight 1 on 1 we can do that but don’t try to hop out of 3 cars 25 dudes deep tryna to jump me while I’m tryna enjoy my Wednesday night,” he tweeted. As for Mayweather, a source close to the Hall of Famer told TMZ that the 46-year-old had just happened to run into Jake while leaving the basketball game and was not lying in wait. They also claim that the hat incident wasn’t the reason for Mayweather walking up on Jake and that his anger stemmed from personal comments made by the YouTuber about one of his deceased family members. MORE BOXING NEWS... Garcia slams Davis for turning up two hours late to press conference Paul takes swipe at KSI after mocking video following Fury defeat Mayweather announces five-fight world tour despite Chalmers flop “Jake crossed the line. This wasn’t about grabbing a hat. This was about Jake’s comments to Floyd about Floyd’s deceased family member and other below-the-belt inappropriate behaviour,” said the source. In response to Jake’s social media activity, after the events unfolded, the source added: “Jake went to his IG and started name calling once again when he can hide behind a camera.”