Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will deliver his spring budget this week, which is being plugged as back-to-work statement after he told Sky News he would “break down the barriers that stop people here in the UK from working”. Mr Hunt is expected to announce changes to childcare costs and a push for 'back to work' measures for over-50s, but has admitted that room for any major tax cuts was limited due to the state of public finances.  Mr Hunt said it was important to be "responsible with public finances", adding that any cuts would have to be "within the bounds of what is responsible". "Conservatives cut taxes when they can", he said. The Budget is also expected to extend the current level of support for energy bills, as well as include a further packcage of measures aiming at reversing the economic downturn seen since the Covid pandemic. Jeremy Hunt has been MP for South West Surrey since 2005 but before he entered politics he was a canny entrepreneur. Mr Hunt made millions from the sale of an education business he co-founded but has also amassed a tidy sum through holding cabinet roles. The former management consultant was estimated to be worth around £14 million after he sold his shares in his education company Hotcourses in 2017. Mr Hunt was the longest-standing Health Secretary in British history, holding the role from 2012 to 2018 when he became foreign secretary after Boris Johnson resigned over Theresa May’s Brexit deal. In 2015 the Daily Mail reported cabinet ministers’ total salaries were to be increased to £141,505 a year - so we can assume Mr Hunt has amassed a handsome sum during his time as a cabinet minister too. Mr Hunt and his wife Lucia met via Jeremy’s education business Hotcourses, when Lucia worked at Warwick University. The couple came under scrutiny in April last year after they founded a property firm together. The Mare Pond Properties Limited business was founded to buy buy seven luxury flats. The Hunts were criticised after they failed to register the business with Companies House.