Ivan Toney joked that Brentford are eyeing a Premier League title charge after Monday's 3-2 derby victory against Fulham. The league's top-four teams may have to keep one eye on the Bees after Thomas Frank's side extended their unbeaten run to 13 games, maintaining their European dream. Toney scored his 15th Premier League goal of the season as ninth-placed Brentford moved one point behind Fulham. Ethan Pinnock and Mathias Jensen netted on either side of the prolific Englishman to cancel out Manor Solomon's fifth goal in as many games and Carlos Vinicius' stoppage-time consolation. After full-time at the Gtech Stadium, Toney praised Brentford's support and joked that they weren't ruling out a late title challenge as they continue their sensational vein of form. He told Sky Sports: "This place is always rocking whether it is a derby or not, the fans were behind us for that win, and it was for them. "We could have been ahead by two or three maybe, but fair play to them, they stuck in and held out. It was a bit unfortunate we hit the post twice, and then they got a free-kick that hit the post, and then they stick it in. JUST IN: Qatar to back Erik ten Hag with 'very big spend' if Man Utd bid wins "I think the games go like that, you can have spells for 10 minutes, and then they have a spell. That is how the game is, but whether you concede or score, you have to keep going." Toney added: "We are going to take it game by game, and hopefully, if a few teams slip up, we can win the league. As the Sky Sports studio analysed the Premier League table, Jamie Carragher claimed that one of the Monday Night Football employees indicated that Brentford were chasing Liverpool in fifth. "I've got the floor manager Frankie pointing at me saying Brentford are coming for Liverpool!" Carragher joked. Don't miss... Man Utd stars 'irritated' by Fernandes as club decides captain rivals [LATEST] Man Utd's Bruno Fernandes reacts to claims he 'asked to be subbed' [LATEST] Ten Hag in furious Man Utd dressing room rant after Liverpool loss [LATEST] Indeed, if the Londoners win their game in hand, they will move one point behind Liverpool, who also boast momentum after their 7-0 thrashing of Manchester United on Sunday. Arsenal lead Manchester City by five points in what has been advertised as a two-horse race, and talk of Brentford's involvement may just be a stretch. The Gunners are 25 points ahead, but Frank's squad will be dreaming of European football next season. As long as Toney continues to score and play amid an FA investigation into betting breaches, that dream will continue to burn bright. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here