Manchester United winger Antony has been left embarrassed after cameras caught him consoling Casemiro in Sunday's 0-0 draw with Southampton. Erik ten Hag's side dropped two points after the Brazilian received his second straight red card in three Premier League games. Casemiro lunged into a tackle on Saints midfielder Carlos Alcaraz, making contact above the ball. It led to VAR Andre Marriner recommending Anthony Taylor change his yellow card decision to more severe punishment. The 31-year-old looked distraught as South American pals Lisandro Martinez and Antony comforted him before he made the lonely walk down the Old Trafford tunnel. And in a moment of assurance, the latter appeared to tell Casemiro: "I will win this game for you. I will." However, Antony couldn't make the difference before being substituted with 15 minutes to go as United narrowly escaped defeat against the rock-bottom visitors. Southampton smelt blood in search of their latest statement win since Ruben Selles replaced Nathan Jones as manager. Read more... Man Utd boss Ten Hag left eating humble pie after Casemiro warning [LATEST] David de Gea was forced into a handful of decisive saves, while Kyle Walker-Peters struck the post with an audacious effort. Bruno Fernandes went closest for United after Gavin Bazunu saved his bending effort onto the inside of the post. But it wasn't the Premier League reaction the Red Devils would have wanted after last Sunday's 7-0 mauling at Liverpool. After full-time, Ten Hag aimed his frustration at the officials for ignoring a couple of denied United penalty shouts on either side of half-time. He said: "Casemiro has played over 500 games in Europe. He never had a red card. And now, what is it? In [a few] games and 20 games [in total] in the Premier League, he has two red cards. Don't miss... Casemiro has already broken nine-year record twice at Man Utd [RECORD] Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag hits out at VAR over penalty claim [INTERVIEW] Casemiro to be handed long suspension in major blow for Man Utd [NEWS] "His absence is not the issue. We will deal with that. The issue is that this game was influenced by the referee. I said what I said. The refereeing is influencing the game, and we talk about two issues. "Big compliment to the team. They showed big character. When you [spend] a long time playing with 10 against 11... "And we played on Thursday. Once again, the team is fit physically and mentally. It was a great performance by our lads, and we could have won this game." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we've got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.