Following the publication of his tell-all memoir, Prince Harry sat down for an interview with Bryony Gordon of The Daily Telegraph. He told her the first draft of Spare was 800 pages — double the final manuscript which came in at just over 400 pages. The Duke of Sussex reportedly revealed information to ghostwriter JR Moehringer “for context”, but there was “absolutely no way” they would be included in the book. Harry is said to have told her: “But there are some things that have happened, especially between me and my brother, and to some extent between me and my father, that I just don’t want the world to know. Because I don’t think they would ever forgive me.” It came after Harry revealed a slew of secrets pertaining to Palace life and the Royal Family. And now, a royal commentator has claimed the House of Windsor can tolerate the revelations but “can’t ignore” Harry’s threat.  Richard Fitzwilliams was a guest on last week’s episode of the Royally Us podcast. He told hosts Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi that the threat of another book will only exacerbate the deepening rift between Harry and his family. He said: “We have to remember that he's threatened another book — 800 pages. It's a threat. You can't ignore things like that. It's awful.” When asked whether he thought writing Spare was “the worst thing that Harry could have done,” Mr Fitzwilliams referred to the autobiography of the Duke of Windsor, formerly King Edward VIII, who abdicated the throne and subsequently lived in exile. He said: "The Duke of Windsor took 15 years before he wrote it [his book], [and] there was nothing as sensational. This is purely making money out of family trauma. No one had any idea — as far as I could see — that he felt so jealous and that he resented his brother.” READ MORE: William won't take 'nonsense' from Harry after ‘rude’ remarks about Kate  Harry’s relationship with his older brother Prince William is said to be one of the most affected by the rift. The Prince of Wales featured heavily in Spare, with Harry telling his version of intimate events, including a physical altercation and heated arguments. The Duke recalled reuniting with his family for the funeral of his grandmother Queen Elizabeth II. He claimed that he and William barely spoke during the solemn event. Since the publication of Spare, Harry has insisted that he is hopeful for a reconciliation with his family, telling ITV’s Tom Bradby that he wants his father and brother back. However, some commentators have claimed that William may not be on the same page, particularly given the content of the Duke’s memoir. During an appearance on Royally Us last month, royal biographer Angela Levin speculated about William’s feelings towards Harry’s memoir.  She said: “It's terrible how he's attacked William. William has always looked after Harry, always protected him from a lot of wrongdoings when he was younger and he's always loved him. “Harry even said to me once, ‘Every year that passes William and I get closer together. He's the only person I trust, we can say anything to each other. And if we have an argument, we get over it, we can move on.’ “[They were] very, very close. And now he's attacking him in an awful way, talking about his bald head that now makes him not look like their mother and that he was circumcised.” Ms Levin continued: “I don't think you should invade somebody's privacy like that. That’s not Harry telling his story, it is invading other people's stories that they don't want to be told. “Brothers do fight… Unlike a father and a son, brothers can fall out in a big way because they don't want to take the nonsense. They don't want to take all that. And I think Harry's gone too far. He's been quite rude about Catherine and he knows that would enrage William.” Don't miss... King rules out reducing his property empire but wants to rehome Andrew [INSIGHT] Prince Harry blasted by royal expert over Princess Lilibet's title  [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan accused of 'forcing Palace's hand' over titles [LATEST]  The comments came less than three months before the Coronation of King Charles III, due to take place on May 6. It has been confirmed that Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have been invited but the pair are yet to reveal whether they plan to attend. In recent days, hopes the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will accept the invitation have been raised after it emerged they have decided to give their children the titles of prince and princess. The couple announced on Wednesday that their 21-month-old daughter — named after the late Queen Elizabeth II — was christened last Friday and an announcement referred to her as Princess Lilibet Diana. Harry and Meghan also invited the King and Queen Camilla and Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales to the christening — a move that is being seen as a sign that relations between the Sussexes and the rest fo the Royal Family may be thawing.  Royal commentator Afua Hagan told Express.co.uk: “The lines of communication are improving. There has been a defrosting of royal relations — from both sides.” She claimed the couple’s decision to use their children’s formal ties could suggest they intend to return to the UK for the Coronation. “It is a good indication that they will attend the Coronation and indicates where their head is at,” she said, adding: “They still want to have ties to the Royal Family.” However, Mr Fitzwilliams has suggested that while the Coronation invitation indicates that Charles wants to mend the rift with his son, William may think differently. He said: “Charles is a symbol of national unity, of course, as the monarch and the invitation comes from him, but as far as William’s concerned, it's a terribly deep rift and I didn't see it being mended.”