Andy Murray feels as though his run of comeback victories are long overdue following some close matches last year, but admits the streak could soon come to an end. Murray has looked in good form in 2023 so far after reaching the third round of the Australian Open for the first time since 2017 before losing in the Qatar Open final last month. He's now back in action for the start of the 'Sunshine Double' at the BNP Paribas Open where he faced a tricky opening match against Tomas Martin Etcheverry. The Argentine took the opening set as Murray tried to find his feet in the match before embarking on another trademark comeback to win in three sets. Murray going the distance in matches has become synonymous with his 2023 season so far as he's won all seven matches that have gone to a deciding set so far. He went through the wringer in his first two Australian Open matches, coming back from two sets down against both Matteo Berrettini and Thanasi Kokkinakis. And the three-time major champion came from a set down twice at the Qatar Open on his way to the final, where he lost to Daniil Medvedev. Murray would ideally get the matches wrapped up before a deciding set, but he's clearly delighted that he's won his fair share of matches when they've gone the full distance this year. However, the former world No 1 admits his streak could come to an end in the near future. "I was talking to my team about it, just saying like the law of averages. This can't keep going," he said. "Once I won one I did feel like I would start to feel more comfortable in those situations. Thankfully, that's been the case. Obviously, winning all seven, I'm aware that at some stage I'm going to lose one of them. Don't miss... Casper Ruud makes 'clueless' Nadal admission in Djokovic comparison [LATEST] Nadal's 'biggest enemy' highlighted as fears raised in Djokovic battle [LATEST] Novak Djokovic and Rafa Nadal rival unbothered by Indian Wells absence [LATEST] "I worked very hard in the off-season to put myself in a great position physically, and I feel very motivated. Even when I've gotten behind in matches I've kept fighting, kept trying to find solutions. "I won some matches that certainly if some of these matches were played last year I wouldn't have won them." Murray will now face Pablo Carreno Busta in the next round in the first meeting between the pair on the ATP Tour. If Murray comes through that test, he'll face either Dan Evans or Jack Draper in the next round with the British duo playing tomorrow.