Emmerdale's Dominic Brunt, who plays Paddy Kirk, was left contemplating suicide in his on-screen storyline, following his discovery of his estranged wife Chas Dingle's infidelity. Fuming fans hit out at Lucy Pargeter for her portrayal of "cruel" Chas - and the trolling escalated so badly that the actor was forced to step in to defend her. Indignant that Chas had fallen into the arms of Al Chapman, played by Michael Windman, emotionally invested fans sent messages to Lucy's social media accounts condemning her alter ego's behaviour. Dominic took to Twitter and exclaimed: "Wow!! People still being pretty damned cruel and personal towards my dear friend @lucyparge. "IT’S A STORY. Lucy has selflessly played this story for all it’s worth, knowing she/Chas would be disrespected and insulted on social media, and STILL hit all the beats. Amazing actress." Emmerdale director Duncan Foster was equally defensive of Lucy as the troll attacks continued to come. READ NOW: Gary Lineker breaks silence after 'cruel' Nazi Germany migrant remark "Most soaps tackle difficult and challenging stories [and] our actors will always try to make it as real as possible. That’s their craft and talent," he reasoned. However, he also cautioned: "As Dom says, IT'S A STORY. IT'S FICTION. IT'S NOT REAL. Lucy is just playing her character Chas." In no uncertain terms, he added: "Stop the abuse." Former Emmerdale actor Danny Miller, who once played Lucy's on-screen son Aaron Dingle, was also fiercely protective of his fictional mum, describing her as "incredible". Reposting Dominic's tweet, he replied: "Couldn’t agree more. @dominicbrunt & @lucyparge are two of THE best. I learnt everything from them. "Including expecting backlash from people who can’t separate fiction and reality. Lucy is incredible at her job and deserves all the plaudits. As Lucy AND Chas." Using the zipped mouth emoji, he warned fans: "Be nice, or..." The storylines on Emmerdale lately have certainly been emotionally intense, with the suicide plot leaving some viewers distraught and tearful. DON'T MISS... Star Trek fans fume as William Shatner reacts to Captain Kirk removal [DEBATE] Christine McGuinness finds Paddy's bond with Kirsty Gallacher 'tough' [INSIGHT] Stacey Solomon defended by fans as trolls target sweet family snap [LATEST]  Dominic himself has confirmed that the desperate scenes, in the aftermath of his cheating wife leaving the Yorkshire Dales, had been gruelling to prepare for, let alone film. "It's been pitch black, dark, and it's made me appreciate what I have," the actor told Mail Online sorrowfully. He added that he felt a "huge responsibility" to get the storyline right on behalf of men with mental health issues, adding that many "still suffer in secret". Dominic explained that for the sake of his own health, he had to "shake off" the dark emotions he was dredging up as soon as he stopped rehearsing and filming. Meanwhile, late last year, Lucy also spoke out over the backlash her character Chas had been receiving for some time. After discovering the terminal cancer diagnosis her mum Faith Dingle (Sally Dexter) had received, Chas had been dismissive of her husband's support and instead sought refuge in the arms of Al. However, Lucy insisted that she "hates" how her character has behaved as much as anyone else on the other side of the screen. She revealed in an interview published in Metro: "If the director or producer or if the writers are putting it your way you have to suck up your own feelings about things sometimes." She added: "[You have to] just say, 'Well, if that’s what my character’s doing, I have to throw myself into it and believe it.'" If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here. 