Jamie Carragher has called on Kylian Mbappe to leave Paris Saint-Germain after the Parisians were knocked out of the Champions League in the last-16 yet again. PSG lost 2-0 to Bayern Munich at the Allianz Arena to crash out 3-0 on aggregate. France World Cup star Mbappe has regularly been linked with transfers away from PSG – with Real Madrid heavily rumoured to be interested and would be the most likely destination. Manchester City and Liverpool would also pay close attention if he was to make it clear he wanted to depart. Mbappe reportedly has a clause in his contract that would allow him to leave for free at the end of next season, which could force PSG to get a fee this summer. French media have claimed he is ready for a new challenge this summer, with his mother keen for him to join Jurgen Klopp's Reds. Mbappe has been at PSG since arriving from Monaco in 2017, initially on loan, but despite being part of a superstar front line with Lionel Messi and Neymar they have struggled to complete their Champions League dream. The Ligue 1 side have failed to reach the quarter-finals in five of the last seven season despite splashing their Qatari cash – although they reached the final in 2020. Liverpool legend Carragher was thrilled PSG failed to reach the business end of the tournament, with the CBS pundit not a fan of their approach. "To be honest I am delighted PSG have gone out. I am,” Carragher said on CBS Sports, before presenter Kate Abdo asked him to expand. "I just don't like the whole setup and everything about it. It isn't a team it is just a mess. "Five years out of the last seven they have gone out in the last 16. They have spent more money that anyone and have the best players in the world and it is brilliant [they are out] because it proves how important it is to be a team. "I think that is really important in football. You have individuals within a team but that isn't a team. Don't miss... Hoddle singles out two Tottenham stars for criticism after Milan loss [LATEST] Messi may have played last Champions League game in good Ronaldo news [LATEST] Conte runs out of excuses after Spurs' Milan loss as Pochettino looms [LATEST] "Kylian Mbappe has got to leave that club." Bayern had taken a 1-0 lead to their home leg before Erik Choupo-Moting and Serge Gnabry both netted in the second half. The Germans will join Benfica, AC Milan and Chelsea in the last eight – with RB Leipzig, Manchester City, Liverpool, Real Madrid, Frankfurt, Napoli, Inter Milan and Porto all hoping to join them.