Sadly fans of SWAT won’t be able to see what's next in store for Daniel ‘Hondo’ Harrelson (played by Shemar Moore) and the rest of the crew next week, as the action-packed drama is heading for another lengthy hiatus. This comes along with most of CBS’s usual Friday-night line-up also heading for a break as fans brace themselves for a recurring sporting tradition. SWAT is in the midst of its sixth season but it looks like fans will be waiting a good while for the next episode to air. The delay comes after the ever-present NCAA Tournament returns with its major Basketball event. CBS will be serving as the official cable TV home for this year's Men's March Madness tournament. The sporting tournament will replace a majority of CBS’s usual Friday night line-up, including SWAT. The NCAA tournament usually spans over three weeks, as CBS is set to show around 10 games a day during the 351-game tournament. Meaning SWAT is believed to return to CBS with its seventeenth episode in around three weeks time on March 31. Despite the fact fans have to wait until the end of the month for the return, there is a positive to the crime-drama having the break now. As many could argue, it allows SWAT the opportunity to have more consecutive episodes leading up to the finale, which could be good from a momentum standpoint. As for the recent SWAT episode titled Blowback, it saw classified information fall into the wrong hands. This meant the team were forced to race to stop the dangerous plot, which was heading to target former members of the US military Meanwhile, Hondo’s partner Nichelle (Rochelle Aytes) was nearing her due date fast as the pair both made sure everything was fixed around the house. And it wasn't all smooth-running for Dominic Luca (Mark Shera) as he was faced with a challenging choice when a family member suddenly fell ill.  As many loyal SWAT fans would have learned through watching this show over the years, some of its later episodes in the season are often action-packed and extremely meaningful. This is already the third hiatus the show has taken this year, as season six also took a break between January and early February followed by another at the end of last month. Details for the next episode are being kept under wraps as only the title of the show has been released, which is Stockholm. Thankfully it appears the crime drama will be back to its schedule following the hiatus as episode 18, Genesis, will air a week later on April 7. Alongside crime drama SWAT, the following episodes of Fire Country and Blue Bloods all also set to head into a length break. The NCAA tournament will conclude at the beginning of April after 68 teams have battled it out in the 351-game tournament. Season six of SWAT will continue with its usual schedule on CBS after March 31. SWAT is currently streaming on Netflix in the UK. 