Manchester United star Marcus Rashford has hit back at claims that his team 'gave up' during their humiliating 7-0 defeat to Liverpool, claiming they are 'nonsense'. The forward has vowed to do everything he can to put things right starting with Thursday's Europa League fixture with Real Betis.  The Red Devils fell to their biggest-ever defeat at the hands of their biggest rivals at Anfield as Liverpool's front three ran riot and hit them for seven. United players and staff have naturally been highly criticised in the wake of the defeat with some onlookers suggesting players simply gave up as the team imploded in the second half. However, Rashford as hit back at such suggestions, stating they are 'nonsense' as he and his team mates set about making up for their performance on Sunday. "We didn't give up - that is nonsense," he told reporters ahead of the clash with Betis. "We were unorganised and communication was bad. "It comes down to the fact I believe everyone was trying to get back into the game that much, we came away from the principles in and out of possession. I felt the forwards were trying to press, just the forward unit, and were disconnected from the midfield. We were talking but weren't in agreement on what to do. The only thing we can do is learn from it and move on."  Don't miss... Man Utd 'hold talks' about beating Liverpool to £60m ace Mac Allister [TRANSFER GOSSIP] Rashford also played down the impact of the scoreline suggesting losing to Liverpool in any sense is bad enough. He reiterated his message that the players were prepared to do whatever it takes to correct matters. "Losing against Liverpool is enough," he explained. "The scoreline doesn't matter when you lose a game against Liverpool or any other rivals, it cuts deep, it's not nice, it's never a nice feeling but for me, I always remember how many games we've won against them. "It's football and why everyone loves the game. It's disappointing but we can't dwell on it and look back. We're in a position where we're still fighting on all fronts and we have a lot of games still to play. We want to put it right.  Don't miss... Garnacho has suffered rotten luck after shattering Man Utd ceiling [COMMENT] Man Utd can carry out Liverpool revenge with unthinkable free transfer [TRANSFERS] Man Utd can sign brilliant Ramos for much less than Osimhen and Kane [FEATURE] Rashford's comments were also echoed by boss Erik ten Hag as he pledged to learn from the defeat. "Yes, the players reflected well," he said. "We also know in a season setbacks will always be there. This was a huge setback, clear, but we had a run with 23 games with one loss and that was the second. It had a lot of lessons in it and it can help us in the future. "We were really below average, especially mentality-wise. We want to win trophies and you have to act differently. After Sunday, we got a big lesson, we take it and we have to move on, look forward. Use all the energy and focus on the next game." 