Nearly a decade after flight MH370 took off from Kuala Lumpur, experts and authorities aren't any closer to discovering what happened to the plane and its 239 passengers, which seemingly vanished into thin air. None of the passengers were ever found, nor was the plane or its black box which likely holds the answer to the mystery of its disappearance. Although there are many theories surrounding the flight's disappearance, authorities haven't been able to tell the victim's families what happened, depriving them of closure. Now, a new three-part Netflix docuseries MH370: The Plane That Disappeared will re-examine the case bringing together scientists, investigators, journalists and the victims' families who are all still searching for answers. Here are the theories, the timeline and the potential bombshells in the new series which examines the mysterious disappearance of flight MH370.  MH370 took off from Kuala Lumpur International Airport for Beijing at 12.41am local time with a total of 239 people onboard: 227 passengers and 12 crew members. At 1.07am the Boeing 777-200ER plane's data reporting system shuts down, however the plane remains on course. At 1.21am the transponder which transmits location and altitude data shuts down. US investigators were unable to determine why the system shut down and didn't rule out an "act of piracy" meaning a hijacking or takeover. MH370 made it's last voice transmission at 1.19am while the plane was over the South China Sea when either the pilot or co-pilot said "Good night Malaysian three seven zero". The transponder went dead just two minutes later. The plane, which was still being tracked by military radar, suddenly turned west flying over the Malay Peninsula, breaking with its north-eastern course. At 2.22am it reached the edge of military radar range, about 230 miles away from Penang. At 6.30am MH370 missed its arrival slot at Beijing airport. Satellite communication data suggests that the plane likely continued flying until around 8.19am when it probably ran out of fuel. Malaysian authorities concluded it likely crashed into the southern Indian Ocean. Debris from a Boeing 777 were found on the coasts of Réunion, Madagascar and Mozambique adding credibility to the potential location of the crash. By 11am, some of the victims' families has gathered in Beijing and Kuala Lumpur as authorities updated them on the flight's status. READ MORE: Forgotten Flight MH370 mass murder-suicide theory resurfaces  The first theory posited in MH370: The Plane That Disappeared centres on the pilot Captain Zaharie Ahmad Shah. The idea is that he depressurised the cabin after locking his co-pilot out of the cockpit and waited for passengers' oxygen masks to run out of air as he flew the plane over the southern Indian Ocean waiting for it to run out of fuel. There have been reports that Shah behaved strangely before the flight and his wife and three children are said to have moved out of his home the day before the flight. The Sunday Times reported that a similar route over the southern Indian Ocean was found on deleted flight paths on a simulator in Shah's home. His family has vehemently denied this theory. There are rumours that Shah's marriage was falling apart and that he regularly slept with flight attendants. It has even been alleged that the Malaysian government knew more about his home life than what has been revealed publicly. The Netflix docuseries presents a second theory, The Hijack, put forward by American aviation journalist Jeff Wise branded The Hijack. Wise believes that Russian operatives stole MH370 to distract from the annexation of Crimea. The operatives would have accessed the plane's electronics bay via a hatch in first class. This theory, however, ignores satellite data, which Wise says may have been tampered with. A third theory, The Intercept, features French journalist Florence de Changy who is a south-east Asia correspondent for Le Monde. De Changy postulates that MH370 may have been shot down over the South China Sea by the US government to prevent unknown cargo from reaching China. Both Wise and De Changy's theories assume radar and satellite data is either wrong or tampered with. JUST IN: Trump plans to publish private letters from Oprah in new book  Although the new series explores theories about the disappearance of MH370, like other investigations, it fails to come to a definitive conclusion. The docuseries focuses as much on what experts don't know as what they do about the mysterious incident and those who worked on the show want to remind viewers that this story "has no ending". "There were so many nationalities on that plane. I think we're really quite proud of the people who chose to speak with us, as they make up a real cross-section of the MH370 community," the series' director Louise Malkinson said in a Netflix press release. She added: "They want people to keep talking about this." Similarly, producer Harry Hewland added: "More than anything, we want to pull the hidden truths about MH370 out from the carpet under which they've been swept, and remind people that this is still a story with no end, a mystery that hasn't been solved, that somebody out there knows more than the world has been told. "And if we can raise the profile of the story again, and amplify, by even a decibel or two, the cry for the search to go on, we'll have done something useful." MH370: The Plane That Disappeared premiered on March 8 on Netflix. 