Gary Glitter has been filmed staring at a smartphone and allegedly discussing the dark web. Former justice secretary Robert Buckland called for swift action after the freed paedophile was caught on camera saying he was trying to find "the Onion". The Onion is a term used for "The Onion Router" which allows users to surf the internet, chat and send instant messages anonymously. Robert Buckland KC told the Daily Mail: "I would have thought there would be licence conditions prohibiting this sort of activity and I hope the Ministry of Justice takes swift action to deal with this." The Tory MP added: "Sex offenders are closely monitored by the police and Probation Service and face some of the strictest licence conditions, including restrictions on internet use. "If an offender breaches these conditions, they can be recalled to prison." In footage obtained by the Sun on Sunday, apparently from a fellow inmate at the hostel where Glitter is staying, Glitter appears gaunt and wearing a hearing aid. He says: "Shall I get rid of this DuckDuck?" To which another person replies: "Yeah, I wouldn’t bother using that." Glitter then responds: "So what do I do next? Let’s try and find this Onion." The Ministry of Justice said sex offenders are closely monitored by the police and Probation Service and face some of the strictest licence conditions, including restrictions on internet use. READ ABOUT A COUNCIL UNDER PRESSURE OVER TRAVELLER PARKING FINES An MoJ spokesperson added: "If an offender breaches these conditions, they can be recalled to prison." Human rights laws protect use of the internet by paedophiles with Appeal Court judges ruling more than 10 years ago that it is generally wrong to impose blanket bans. A former glam rock singer, Glitter was convicted and jailed in 2015 for historical sex attacks. He attacked two girls, aged 12 and 13, after inviting them backstage to his dressing room. Don't miss... Spring breakers warned 'avoid Mexico' as three more Americans vanish [REPORT] Prince Andrew 'in despair' after being left NOTHING from Queen [LATEST] King Charles ‘doesn’t eat lunch’ - prefers to eat an unusual breakfast [REVEALED] The singer, whose real name is Paul Gadd, crept into the bed of his third victim, a girl aged under 10 at the time, in a bid to rape her in 1975. The allegations surfaced when Glitter became the first person to be arrested under Operation Yewtree. This was the name given to the investigation launched by the Metropolitan Police in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal. Glitter had previoulsy admitted possessing about 4,000 child pornography images and was jailed for four months in 1999. He was expelled from Cambodia in 2002 amid reports of sex crime allegations. 