Wonderkid Facundo Torres could be on the cusp of a historic deal to the Premier League after securing a contract extension with MLS outfit Orlando City. The 22-year-old’s extension which runs until 2027 doesn't have a release clause, but rather involved an agreement between player and club over a potential exit. Torres will extend his contract until 2027, but the contract will apparently include an agreement between the player and the club over when he can leave. While there is no concrete release clause, it is reportedly understood that Torres would be allowed to leave if a bid in excess of $30million was received. That would be a Major League Soccer record, surpassing the fee Atlanta United received for Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United back in 2019. The 29-year-old is currently enjoying his best season in England’s top-flight with ten goals and an assist from his 23 league appearances this term. The Uruguayan would also rank above Bayern Munich man Alphonso Davies, who swapped Vancouver for Bavaria in an £18m deal in the same window, and has gone on to win four league titles and the UEFA Champions League with the Bundesliga giants. MUST READ MLS season opener gaffe leaves commentator explaining offside rule in wild St Louis goal Torres originally signed with Orlando last January before going on to set a new club record for goal contributions last term. His 13 goals and 10 assists in all competitions helped spur the side to a maiden US Open Cup crown. The youngster has begun this campaign in similar fashion by scoring the only goal in Orlando’s opening day victory against New York Red Bulls on Sunday. The former Penarol winger, capped 10 times for his national team, was reported to be a January transfer target for Premier League leaders Arsenal, who opted for former Brighton man Leandro Trossard after missing out on Chelsea-bound Mykhailo Mudryk. In November, Goal reported talks between the player and the club were scheduled with the youngster keen on a move to the Emirates. Thankfully for Lions’ fans nothing materialized and the starlet is now set to stay stateside until at least the summer. At which point the Gunners, who remain keen on options to bolster their forwardline, and other European giants will surely come knocking.