With energy bills still at an all time high, many Britons are switching off their ovens and investing in air fryers instead. The nifty appliance has become popular over the last few years and can cook everything from chips to cake and a full on roast dinner. However, like ovens, air fryers can be tricky to clean especially as each one is slightly different. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, many cleaning enthusiasts recommended using a kitchen staple to tackle the task when a group member asked for advice. Tia Forde posted: “I clean my air fryer after every use but grease has built up around the sides, I’ve washed it out with washing up liquid and just used a normal washing up sponge, but it’s not budging. “I’ve tried soaking it in boiling water and still can’t get rid. I don’t want to use anything abrasive as it’s got a non-stick coating, how can I get all of the grease off? "Would a Scrub Daddy be okay to use? What cleaning spray would be best?” While many typically opt to just use washing up liquid to clean their air fryers, when there’s too much stubborn grease washing up liquid isn’t always up to the job. READ MORE: Get rid of ‘thick’ kettle limescale with 29p kitchen essential Instead Mrs Hinch fas suggested filling the air fryer basket with boiling water and leaving a dishwasher tablet to sit in it anywhere between an hour and overnight. Sammie Ann Currie said: “Hot water and dishwasher tablet. Let it sit for an hour then it works like magic and comes up like new with no damage.” Debbie Clayton wrote: “Hi. I've seen people put a dishwasher tablet in the drawer and cover it in hot water, then leave to soak for approximately an hour. “Then rinse and wipe and it should be clean. Obviously this will only work if you have the pull out drawer type of air fryer.” DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]Monty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass [EXPERT]Gardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [COMMENT] Michelle Weeks said: “Boiling water and dishwasher tablet left overnight will soak off the grease. It works on burned pots also.” Gemma Eady commented: “I use really hot water and a dishwasher tablet and leave it to soak, works a treat.” Maggie Callaghan urged: “Whatever you do please do not fill it with water and then switch it on. “This can f*** your air fryer altogether, definitely pour boiling water in it with a dishwasher tablet and leave it sitting overnight.” READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p Sally Walker said: “I find that I always have to scrub the basket when using washing up liquid, but not when I leave it soaking with a dishwasher tablet.” Most homes will likely have dishwasher tablets, but for those who don’t, it can be purchased cheaply from most local supermarkets. A pack of 30 dishwasher tablets can be picked up from Asda for £1.34. This works out as 4p per tablet. This cleaning product can also be picked up from other major supermarkets, such as Sainsbury’s and Tesco. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested using a cleaning product dedicated to removing grease from all surfaces - Elbow grease. Wendy Camden said: “Elbow Grease spray - spray on and leave for a while to work magic and then wash up as usual.” Katherine Fletcher wrote: “Spray the basket in Elbow Grease and leave it for 15 minutes before wiping away.” Yvonne Clark added: “My husband is in charge of cleaning our air fryer and he swears by Elbow Grease.”