Revolutionary surgery that treats prostate problems could spare millions of men the devastating side effects of going under the knife. Using a guided water jet, the robotic procedure is hailed as the first effective new therapy for 20 years. Up to three million men in the UK have enlarged prostates, with 400,000 awaiting surgery. The prostate is a muscle-driven gland which helps control urination and sexual function. When enlarged it can lead to pain from an inability to pass urine and potentially serious infections. While some men only suffer minimal symptoms which can be controlled by drugs, more severe cases require surgery. More than 30,000 men each year fall into this category, known as benign prostatic hyperplasia. The new technique – Aquablation – uses guided jets of water to remove unwanted tissue. International trials have found it has fewer side effects. The technique – to be unveiled at the European Association of Urology in Milan this week – could also help tackle the NHS backlog because of a shorter operating time. Traditional surgery, either by laser or a hot wire, can damage healthy tissue, leaving two in three patients with ejaculatory problems, up to ten per cent with erection problems and up to one per cent with incontinence. Trials of 425 men showed none of those treated with Aquablation suffered erectile problems, less than ten per cent were left with ejaculatory problems and only a tiny fraction – under one per cent – suffered incontinence problems. Consultant Neil Barber, from Frim-ley Park Hospital, Surrey, who co-led the trials said: “This robotic technology is so ingenious. “It is exciting to be able to offer lasting benefits to patients with these prostate problems, with minimal risk of long-term side effects.” Philip Charlesworth, of Royal Berkshire Hospital, who has also been treating patients with the technique, said: “It makes sense to patients, surgeons and hospitals. “The ability to treat more patients with prostates of any size and complexity has allowed us to almost clear our waiting list.”