As temperatures drop in some parts of the UK, Cold Weather Payments could be triggered, giving eligible Britons £25. Cold Weather Payments are issued for each seven-day period of cold weather. The money is paid when the average temperature in a person’s area is recorded as, or is forecast to be, zero degrees celsius or lower over seven consecutive days. With temperatures plummeting to below zero, and spells of snow falling in many parts of the UK, many Britons will be wondering if they are entitled to the funds. Cold Weather Payments are a form of government support issued to eligible households after spells of cold weather between November 1 and March 31. To receive a Cold Weather Payment, a household must be in receipt of qualifying benefits from the DWP. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank offers customers 'exclusive account' where savers get over 5 percent However, it should be noted it will depend on their specific circumstances: There are certain requirements with each benefit that would deem a person eligible to receive payment, such as also having a disability or pensioner premium, or if they’re living with a child under five. State pensioners on Pension Credit will normally be eligible for the payment. Don't miss... Thousands of over 50s claiming up to £3,600 a year - check eligibility [INSIGHT] Pension warning as 'big caveat' means NI contributions don't count [WARNING] Pensioners risk £370 a month by failing to report changes to DWP [ANAYSIS] Those who are on Pension Credit, which can be claimed by people of state pension age, can contact the Pension Service if they think they are missing payments. The department can be called on 0800 731 0469. Receiving a payment doesn't affect any other benefits a person receives. Cold Weather Payments are worth £25 for each seven-day period of prolonged cold weather. The payments should be issued to eligible households automatically. READ MORE: Barclays to close 41 branches in 2023 but 10 banking hubs set to open All payments will be awarded by the bank or building society account within 14 days of the trigger. Therefore, Britons should not need to apply for a Cold Weather Payment if they are due to receive one. To find out whether someone is owed a Cold Weather Payment, they can enter the first part of their postcode into the Government’s online postcode checker. They should then see whether or not eligible households in their area are due to receive a payment. Over four million payments have already been made this winter, according to Government figures. Certain families could get as much as £75 over the course of this winter as the scheme has been triggered three times. Altogether, £131million was paid out across 112 postcodes between November 1, 2022, and February 3, 2023. On their website, the Met Office explained that this week will see unsettled weather for many. There will be some snow and ice at first, mainly in the north, but conditions will turn milder later in the week.