Sir Keir Starmer slammed the Tories for a "broken Brexit deal" that was "taking money from Wales" at the Welsh Labour Conference today. The Labour leader, who campaigned to stay in the EU and once pushed for a second Brexit referendum before promising his party would “embrace” the deal struck, claimed it was an "outrage" that Downing Street was "taking" funds away from the local Welsh Government. Sir Keir said Wales would "take back control" if his party were in charge and promises to "devolve economic power and control out of Westminster". He claimed the Tories had taken opportunities from Welsh communities by using funds that were previously helping to bring down unemployment and fund universities in Wales. He added the Welsh "now have to watch" as Welsh industries are hit by a "global supply chain crisis". It comes after the creation of the Government's UK Shared Prosperity Fund (UKSPF), set to replace EU funding deals in the region. Wales was set to receive £1.4billion from the EU funds between January 2021 to March 2025. But, according to the Welsh Government, the replacement of the funds will leave the principality with a shortfall of £1.1billion. The Welsh Government has previously hit out at Sunak for "failing" to honour promises that Wales "would not be a penny worse" following the replacement. Starmer said: "The Tories have used the Brexit process to take back control of that money. Not from the EU - from Wales. It’s an outrage. "The Welsh Government used those funds to get unemployment down, for wage subsidies, redundancy support, investment in the green opportunities of the future, the UK’s first regional bank, supporting your world-class universities, modernising the Welsh economy. Don't miss... UK to send almost half a billion pounds to France in new migrant deal [MIGRATION] 'Desperate for attention' Gary Lineker told to use 'history books'  [GARY LINEKER] Sunak suggests Lineker is 'out of touch' with Britons [GARY LINEKER] "Now - they have to watch the Tories sit on their hands as a global supply chain crisis hits key Welsh industries, from steel to semi-conductors, well – no more."  "Today, I can announce that the next Labour Government will return power over its economic destiny to Wales." The UKSPF, launched in April 2022, is designed to level up communities around the UK by overcoming "deep-seated" geographical inequalities. As part of the fund, the UK has promised it will provide a total of £585m in funding to Wales, matching the amount spent in Scotland, Northern Ireland and each part of England. Keir, who called the deal a "scandal", added: "The decision-making role for the Welsh Government on structural funds, will be restored. It’s time for Wales to take back control."   Earlier in his speech, Keir Starmer said: "Here in Wales, it's fair to say you know the difference Labour can make better than other parts of Britain. He urged delegates not to "forget how the Tories meted out the pain to Wales over 13 years".  Starmer added: "The decisions which create wealth in our communities should be taken by people with skin in the game. Take the scandal of what has happened here in Wales with what used to be EU structural funds – the Shared Prosperity Fund." When the UKSPF was first announced, Michael Gove said: "We have taken back control of our money from the EU and we are empowering those who know their communities in Wales best to deliver on their priorities. "By allocating more than half a billion pounds for communities up and down Wales, we will help to spread opportunity, increase prosperity and level up every corner of the UK." The row over the UKSPF follows another heated debate over funding being taken from the Welsh ministers' capital budget, which has been used on other projects such as Ukrainian military aid. A total of £30m was taken from the budget, previously used to fund hospitals and roads in Wales.   