Oleksandr Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk believes the Ukrainian rival’s Tyson Fury is ‘trying to escape’ a fight in the ring after demanding a 70/30 purse split - and no rematch clause. A fight between Usyk and Fury has been in the pipeline for some time, with the pair both unbeaten heavyweight champions. Taking to social media last week Fury made clear he was more than willing to take on the Ukrainian in the ring but only if he was given the 70/30 purse split. Seemingly keen to keep the ball rolling, Usyk and his team accepted the deal. The Gypsy King then added another condition, claiming that he does not want a rematch clause included. Amid the ongoing saga, Krassyuk has accused Fury of running scared, and believes the Englishman and his team will have been surprised by the acceptance from Usyk's camp.  He told TalkSport: “As Usyk said, the greedy belly is still hoping to find a way to pull out. We knew before and know it now. As soon as Usyk accepts a no rematch clause there will still be searching for another thing to find and pull out the fight.I tell you why. He bluffed and Usyk called his bluff. “This is 100 per cent. He didn’t expect Usyk to accept 70/30. He was not in a training camp and we say the next morning the theatrical performance that he was pretending to jog and fight someone in the ring. It’s all about nothing. He’s not prepared and scared to fight. He will try to find a way to avoid Usyk for as long as possible.”  Don't miss... Tommy Fury set for second big payday as KSI makes Jake Paul plea [LATEST] Paul vs Fury rematch thrown into jeopardy after Mayweather altercation [LATEST] Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk date set as undisputed bout rescued late [LATEST] Krassyuk also claimed he no longer trusts the Gypsy King due to the increasing number of terms he has added to the fight talks, and says it was Fury who wanted a rematch clause inserted. “We don’t trust him, we don’t believe him. One more thing to know, when we started the negotiations, Fury’s side was the first to ask for the rematch. Fury was the first to ask for the rematch and we supported this.” 