Cruise holidays usually run to a very strict itinerary and passengers need to make sure they’re at the port at the correct time. Ships usually won’t be able to wait for guests as they usually have tight deadlines to leave the port. A guest said on Reddit: “I recently missed my cruise for my 30th birthday. Five night cruise costing $1,900 (£1,578) thrown directly into the trash. “It was totally my fault this happened. I have no idea why I thought it was a good idea to have a big birthday party the night before I was supposed to fly for my cruise. “I got so wasted the night before and didn’t stand a chance of getting myself to the airport. I know it was absolutely idiotic.” If guests don’t live near the port, they will need to fly to the starting destination before their cruise holiday. READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about 'horrible stink' from other passengers Another person said: “That’s an incredibly expensive mistake! My brother-in-law once missed a $700 (£581) cruise due to a miscommunication about the cruise departure time. “I think the important thing is to make sure you review all of the details of your cruise and double check the dates and departure times before you arrive at the port.” Cruise ships usually operate under ‘ship time’ as they may travel through several time zones on one holiday. This means that guests may need to set their watch to ‘ship time’ to make sure they know when to get back to the ship. Cruise guests could also fly to the port the day before their cruise, to make sure they don’t miss it due to an airline delay. A guest said: “Absolutely fly in the day before when there’s any chance of weather issues. Day before is always the safest.” If a passenger’s flight is delayed on the morning of the cruise, there’s a high chance they might miss the ship. However, if they booked their flights with the cruise line, the cruise company may try to wait for the late passengers. READ MORE: Cruise crew member shares his ‘biggest tip’ for guests In some cases, late passengers may be able to join the cruise ship at another of the trip’s destinations. The late guest said: “I tried to reconnect at another port but it turned out to be a waste. The next port we could board the ship at docked there just before the actual cruise was over. Plus, the airfare to get to this island just wasn’t worth it.” Last-minute flights are often much more expensive so guests might have to foot a hefty bill if they want to fly to the next port. Another passenger said: “I’ve never actually missed a cruise. But the closest we ever came is when we left our birth certificates at home. “Got to the port and realised it. Luckily, we were very early and had a friend literally break into our house to find them and send us a picture.” It’s a good idea to check for documents before leaving the house to make sure nothing is left at home. Although passengers might be able to use a photo in some cases, this won’t work if they’ve forgotten their passport. Travel insurance may cover guests if they miss their cruise, but passengers will need to check their policy as this won’t always be the case.