Liverpool icon Graeme Souness had even more reason to be happy about his former side's demolition of Manchester United on Sunday after his pre-match predictions was laughed off by both Roy Keane and Gary Neville. While Liverpool came into the match having picked up some decent form in the league, United too would have had plenty of confidence with Erik ten Hag's also being tipped for a title challenge. Liverpool were left embarrassed by United in the reverse fixture earlier this season and the Red Devils came into the match with a chance at doing the league double over their arch-rivals for the first time since 2016. But Souness seemed cool, calm, and collected about Liverpool's chances against United before the match. "It’s the longest time it’s been that I’ve been this comfortable about a Liverpool win against United as I am today," he said. "I just feel like they’ll turn up today and be bang on it. "You ask these two chaps [Keane and Neville] if it’s easy to play here if you’re a United player, this is a difficult place for United to come and the crowd will play a part today as well.” Both Keane and Neville were seen laughing in the background after Souness' remark.  Neville added: “I think Manchester United should be really confident coming into this game. Liverpool have got a lot of very good players, but Manchester United’s midfield is better and they’ve got a lot of experience in there - they’re tough this Manchester United group now, there’s players in there who won’t be fazed by coming here. "If they can get through that first half an hour there is a vulnerability in Liverpool that if United were to score and punch them I think there could be a few nervous faces around this ground, including Graeme Souness, even with his confidence.”  But Souness ended up having the last laugh as Jurgen Klopp's side ran riot to record their biggest-ever win over a United side. Darwin Nunez, Mohamed Salah, and Cody Gakpo all scored two with Roberto Firmino rounding off the perfect evening for Liverpool in style. It also equals United's biggest-ever defeat, which last happened against Wolves back in 1931. And Keane didn't hold back in criticising the United players for their dismal display at Anfield. "A shocking day. The goal just after half time, it was game over," he said after the match. "The senior players were embarrassing, didn't show any leadership skills. The goals they gave away were shocking. A tough day for United. "Thank god I've never been part of a team that's been beaten by that much playing for Man United. The players will be embarrassed, ashamed of their performance. When the going got tough they went missing."