Clarkson's Farm returned for a second season last month with Jeremy Clarkson learning how to look after cows and run a restaurant. By his side to give Clarkson support as well as a reality check is his long-term girlfriend Lisa Hogan. She has starred in both seasons of the Amazon Prime Video docu-series, showing she isn't afraid to get her hands dirty when it comes to farm life. Clarkson's Farm star Lisa Hogan is Irish, as she was born and grew up in Dublin, Ireland in the early 1970s, making her 49 years old. Her and 62-year-old Jeremy grew up worlds away as The Grand Tour host is originally from Doncaster, although they now live in the Cotswolds where Diddly Squat Farm is. Lisa's parents were Maurice, who was an architect, and mum Arlene Underwood, a former model. She didn't have the easiest of upbringings though due to a tragedy during her teenage years. READ MORE: Clarkson's Farm star receives £34,000 as fans rally to support farmer The former actress and model's father Maurice died of a heart attack when she was just 14 years old. Her mum, who was widowed with four daughters, was determined to work hard for their future and enrolled at Trinity College for four years, studying for a doctorate. She later set up the Friends of the National Gallery and went on to marry Raymond Keaveney, the former director of the National Gallery in Dublin. Hogan has previously talked about how "proud" she felt of her mum. Speaking to the Belfast Telegraph, she said: "I saw her [mum] pushing through and going into a lot of zones that she'd never been in before. "I'd come home with my sisters after school and mum would just be writing these essays. "She'd say, 'I haven't used my brain for so long, and I can't ever remember writing anything like this', and she'd just be sobbing...I'm so proud of her." When she left home, Lisa went on to study at Alexandra College in Milltown, Ireland, before later becoming a model and actress. DON'T MISS...Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION]Beyond Paradise Humphrey and Martha detail 'emotional challenges' [EXPLAINER]Jeremy Clarkson ‘kicked under table’ by partner Lisa for ogling girls [VIDEO] She had her big break after she was spotted by actor and comedian John Cleese who previously referred to her as his "muse". She went on to star in the 1997 movie Fierce Creatures as a result, alongside Cleese, Kevin Kline, Jamie Lee Curtis and Michael Palin. Nowadays, Lisa spends more of her time as an artist, running a studio in London where she crafts figurative sculptures. This is when she isn't helping her boyfriend Clarkson on the farm, of course. Lisa and Jeremy were set up by mutual friends in 2017, first meeting at a party. According to Lancs Live, he was just about to leave when she approached him for a chat but while her son was a Top Gear fan, she wasn't impressed by his fame. She said: "Even if they’re famous, if they’re not a nice person, it doesn’t matter that they’re famous – they’re still not a nice person. "Whereas if they’re famous and a nice person, they’re just a nice person who happens to be famous.” Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.