Food recalls are issued when a product is unsafe to eat. This may be because it contains an ingredient not mentioned on the label. Asda is recalling a popular cooking sauce because it includes an ingredient not mentioned on its packaging. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) published the recall on its website, saying: "JK Foods is recalling Tiger Tiger Taste Japan Mirin because it contains soya which is not mentioned on the label. "This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to soya." Tiger Tiger Taste Japan Mirin is sold at Asda stores for £1.60. However, the company has shared information on what to do if customers have already bought the product. It said: "If you have bought Tiger Tiger Taste Japan Mirin 150ml as detailed above, and you have an allergy to Soybean, do not eat it. "Instead: Check if you have bought the affected product. You can do this by taking a picture of this notice for reference at home. Return the product to the store for a full refund (with or without a receipt). "Want more information? For more information contact us on: Abhishek Singh. Email: ASingh@jkfoods.co.uk. Phone: 01159851301. Extension: 65101. Don't miss... Mary Berry shares buffet food recipes perfect for afternoon tea [LATEST] Zara and Mike Tindall raise their kids with 'sense of freedom'  [LATEST] Achieve Kate's 'incredibly thick' locks with 'necessary' tip  [LATEST] "Michal Blendowski. Email: mblendowski@jkfoods.co.uk. Phone: 01159851301. Extension: 62612." The FSA stated that the product comes in a pack 150ml in size and all date codes are affected. It went on to publish a risk statement, saying: "This product contains soya making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy to soya." The organisation also outlined the action taken by the company. It said: "JK Foods is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby "The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. "These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product." The FSA advised: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to soya, do not eat it. "Instead return it to the store from where it was purchased for a full refund. "For more information, contact ASingh@jkfoods.co.uk or mblendowski@jkfoods.co.uk." The FSA shared further information on food recalls in general, saying: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."