All of the major providers including EE, Vodafone and Three have announced large rises for customers with some seeing things increase by as much as 14 percent. If you're about to be whacked by those higher costs now is a good time to go online shopping as making a simple switch could save you heaps of money. To help you find a better deal, Express.co.uk has been checking out all of the best offers from some of the biggest networks with some currently offering discounts that include double the usual data or SIMs that are half-price. As long as you own your current phone or are out of contract and happy to keep your device for another 24 months - here are the best SIM deals from the major mobile networks EE’s 24-MONTH DOUBLE DATA DEALS If you are happy with your phone or tablet but just need a 4G or 5G SIM on its own, EE has a number of SIM-only plans that could cater to your needs. Right now, EE is offering double the usual data which means you get a whopping 250GB data for the same £23 - that's the same price EE usually charges for 125GB. The offer comes with stay-connected data, fast connectivity speeds of up to 100 Mbps and unlimited minutes and texts. If you fancy an EE Smart Benefit which includes access to services such as Netflix or Apple Music then there's also double data for £31 a month. This means you get that same 256GB for the price of 125GB. SEE THE EE DEALS HERE VODAPHONE’S “UNMISSABLE” 150GB DEAL Vodaphone is offering 150GB of data for just £23 monthly. The deal includes unlimited minutes and texts and 5G at no extra cost. It applies to 24-month plans and ends on March 30. SEE THE VODAFONE DEAL HERE READ MORE: Sky TV block just stopped thousands from streaming content for free GET SIX MONTHS HALF PRICE WITH O2You can get a half price SIM with O2 and receive 150GB of data for just £11 per month. That's a seriously tempting discount and it lasts for the first six months of the 24-month deal. From month seven, you can also get double the data on every eligible O2 Pay Monthly plan in your household if you have Virgin Media at the same address. The plan also lets you roam at no extra cost in 75 destinations across the globe. SEE THE O2 DEALS HERE SAVE £60 WITH SKY MOBILE’S “BEST EVER” £10 A-MONTH NEW DATA PLAN You could get your hands on 20GB for £10 a month, down from £15 a month, on a new data plan with Sky Mobile. It includes unlimited calls and texts and 90 percent of UK network coverage. Your spare data will also roll over every month. According to Sky, this deal will save you £60. SEE THE SKY DEAL HERE