1000lb Sisters star Amy Slaton reportedly split from her husband Michael Halterman at the end of February, according to a source close to the family. A week on from their alleged split, the TLC star took to Instagram with a tribute to her second son Glenn, but decided not to update her 491k followers on the situation with Michael. Amy’s husband was nowhere to be seen in her latest social media post following reports the couple had split. In her new Instagram snap, the reality star showcased her eight-month-old baby Glenn looking at the camera. The caption read: “Happy eight months baby mama, and Gage and everyone love you baby!!!!” (sic) Amy did not mention other members of the family by name, including her husband Michael. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Some of her followers have interpreted the post as confirmation of the recent rumours about their separation. @_dimp_02 commented: “The fact that she intentionally named herself and Gage and [left] out Michael says a lot.” @sheenz_1810 asked: “Why didn't she make special mention of his father just as she did for herself and Gage? Did I miss something?” @colleenricklangis replied: “Sorry to hear about you and Michael.” However, there are still some fans who are remaining sceptical about the rumours until their split is confirmed by the Slatons themselves. “They did not split up,” @capricorn1672 insisted. “It's just a rumour… she posted on Valentine's Day with Michael and the boys!!!!” Glenn was born via a scheduled c-section on July 5 and has since made numerous appearances in Amy’s social media posts. Reports of her split from Michael emerged at the end of February, though neither the reality star nor the TLC network has confirmed the news. Don't miss... Elvis’ granddaughter Riley Keough admits ‘music wasn’t my thing’ [EXCLUSIVE] Riverdale trailer leaves fans baffled by time-travelling final season [BACKLASH] My 600lb Life fans baffled as Mark refuses Dr Now's help [REACTION] While Michael has remained a part of the current season of 1000lb Sisters, he has yet to appear in the Slaton’s latest social media updates. Amy was also recently spotted spending time with her sister Tammy without Michael by fans of the show. According to a recent Reddit post, the sisters were shopping in a Walmart in Evansville, Indiana and posed for some fan photos. Both Slatons looked happier than ever, and some fans pointed out that Amy was apparently not wearing her wedding ring. Their followers have also congratulated Tammy on her significant weight loss since undergoing surgery last year. Although she still requires the use of a mobility chair, she is now able to leave the house for extended periods of time and support herself standing. Fans can find out more about their weight loss journey as the fourth season of 1000lb Sisters continues over the coming weeks. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be confirmed.