Tea contains substances linked to lower rates of several chronic diseases. The agents in question include polyphenols, particularly catechins and epicatechins, which have unmatched anti-inflammation properties. According to some bodies of research, these compounds may contribute to a significantly lower likelihood of death from all causes. Several studies have suggested the bioactive constituents of tea positively influence cellular ageing. According to research conducted by the European Society of Cardiology, habitual drinkers who maintain a regular habit have a substantially lower risk of death from all causes. The conclusion was drawn from survey data from more than 14,000 participants, showing drinkers had a 39 percent lower risk incidental of heart disease and stroke. READ MORE: The 'longevity enhancing' supplement that could help you live longer What's more, the risk of suffering fatal heart disease or stroke was 56 lower and there was a 29 percent lower risk of all-cause death compared to non-habitual tea drinkers. Compounds in tea have proven highly efficient at fighting off the harmful effects of oxidative stress, a major precursor for disease. Green and black tea are among the best for protecting against cardiovascular disease, but the 2020 research suggests that the effects of each tea may not be equal. The size of the sample made it difficult to determine which tea types exercised the greatest effects, but some note-worthy observations were made. Don't miss... Live longer - seven tips to age well using your diet  [INSIGHT] The 'longevity enhancing' supplement that could help you live longer [INFORMER] Eight simple habits could help boost your longevity, study finds [INSIGHT] Science Daily explained: "Green tea is a rich source of polyphenols which protects against cardiovascular disease and its risk factors including high blood pressure and dyslipidemia. "Black tea is fully fermented and during this process, polyphenols are oxidised into pigments and may lose their antioxidant effects." Though there are widespread claims supporting the health benefits of both teas, preparation methods may also require prudent attention. READ MORE: Man, 89, shares simple routines that make him look 20 years younger Science Direct cautions preferred methods of tea preparation may vary drastically across different populations, with some more likely to add milk to their brew. Black tea is often served with milk, for example, which past studies have suggested may counteract the benefits of tea. In 2016, researchers at Kyoto University pointed out that the unique types of polyphenols found in green tea were able to generate elastin.  The essential protein is responsible for giving arteries their "sturdy and stretchy texture", explained Science Daily. One of the study's co-authors, Hidetoshi Masumoto, noted: "Japanese people have the longest lifespan in the world, and studies show that 80 percent of the population drink green tea on a daily basis." The researchers said the consumption of green tea could have a role in the prevention of artery explosion, but that the optimal doses had yet to be determined.