Tyler Perry was seen arriving at the christening of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's daughter Lilibet at the Sussexes' California home. The actor is one of Meghan and Harry's most ardent supporters and is the 21-month-old's godfather. The actor, 53, said he was "honoured" when the Sussexes asked him to be Lilibet's godfather last year, but on Meghan and Harry's Netflix series he revealed that he only accepted on the condition that he wouldn't have to travel to the UK. Describing the moment Meghan and Harry asked him to be Lilibet's godfather he said: "They were pretty serious on the phone and I am like, 'OK what's going on', and they said, 'Well we would like for you to be Lili's godfather.' "I had to take a minute to take that in and I thought I'd be honoured, absolutely be honoured." However, he soon called the Sussexes back accepting on the condition that he wouldn't have to attend a traditional royal ceremony in the UK.  He continued: "I got off the phone and took it all in and then I called them back and said, 'Hold on a second, does that mean we have to go over there and do all of that in the church with them and figure all of that out? Because I don't want to do that. "Maybe we can do a private ceremony here and let that be that and if you have to do it there then that's ok." The comments beg the question whether Meghan and Harry held the private ceremony in part due to Tyler Perry's wishes. The billionaire was seen arriving at the couple's Montecito home over the weekend by private jet accompanied by a 10-person choir from his home town of Atlanta. At the party, the choir sang in front of 20-30 guests with songs including Oh Happy Day and This Little Light of Mine, songs which were also played at Harry and Meghan's wedding, according to reporting by People.  READ MORE: Prince Harry interview 'doesn't explain why he is so destructive' Traditionally, children in the royal family are christened at one of the royal residences. Meghan and Harry's son Archie was christened at Windsor Castle in July 2019. However, the couple decided to hold Lilibet's christening at their $14.7 million Montecito home. "There were between 20-30 guests at Friday's intimate gathering, including Meghan's mother, Doria Ragland, Lilibet's godfather Tyler, and an unnamed godmother," an insider told People. "'Following the ceremony, attendees were treated to an afternoon of food and dancing - with Archie enjoying a dance with his little sister!" Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 