Stacey Slater (played by Lacey Turner) is about to put herself at risk of another prison stint on EastEnders. In an upcoming episode, there's a disaster at the Slaters when the fridge breaks down. However, Stacey is not concerned as she has money to spend following her theft which leaves her mum Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) suspicious. Jean demands to know if her daughter has stolen cash from the office, but Stacey denies it until Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) gets into a fight at school. Realising she could go down and lose her children if caught, Stacey enlists Jean’s help to return the money by distracting security guard Alan. However, their idea doesn't go to plan after Callum Highway (Tony Clay) arrives and asks Stacey to go to the police station the next day to explain herself. Freddie Slater (Bobby Brazier) later hits upon an idea to make fast cash for the struggling Slaters.  READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Meanwhile, an alarmed Stacey prepares to visit the police station, fearing she will be put behind bars and miss Lily's prize-giving later that day. On her way to the station, Stacey pays Alan a visit and threatens him. In the police interview room, Stacey denies stealing the money in the face of Callum’s questioning. Back in Albert Square, Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) holds court with the Slaters in The Vic, and Stacey arrives back feeling overwhelmed.   She's followed home and Kat reveals she is using Mitchell cash to solve Slater's money troubles. However, it sparks a huge row between Kat and prideful Stacey who hoped to solve the issue herself. Jean's attempt to make peace between Kat and Stacey falls flat. Later on, Martin Fowler (James Bye) returns home flush with cash and ready to counsel headstrong Stacey.   Don't miss... EastEnders’ Kellie Shirley gives birth after surprise pregnancy [LATEST] EastEnders fans 'work out' Christmas Day killer and victim [UPDATE ] EastEnders affair uncovered as Callum makes Denise and Ravi discove... [LATEST] He gets Stacey to realise turning down Kat’s help is utter madness. Stacey eventually agrees to apologise but just as it looks like she and Kat have called a truce, it all kicks off again. Will the women be able to work out their differences in upcoming scenes? Stacey's money woes have been getting to her for months as the cost-of-living crisis continues to pinch.   Her bap business alongside Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) took a hit despite the pair working hard to keep their small venture alive. Stacey has always been worrying about her 12-year-old daughter Lily giving birth in the coming months. The EastEnders character's money struggles began when her ex-boyfriend Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) cut off her child support. If she continues to take drastic measures to get money - could Stacey end up leaving in the back of a police car? EastEnders airs Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on BBC One.  