Princess Diana "would be very unhappy" with Prince Harry's hurtful attacks on Prince William, a royal expert has claimed. Royal expert Ingrid Seward, who has been writing about the royals for more than 40 years, recently spoke on what the late Princess' would potentially make of the ongoing feud between her two sons. Speaking to OK! Magazine, Ms Seward claimed that she doesn't think Diana would be impressed by some of her younger son's actions. She said: "Diana used to say 'Harry's the naughty one, just like me', but Diana was more sensitive to people's feelings than Harry is." Mr Seward added: "She wouldn't have been so outspoken because she wouldn't want to hurt William. "I imagine that Diana would be unhappy with the way Harry has spoken about his brother." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan to attend Coronation together as Duke 'won't cope without her' Speaking on Diana's relationship with Charles, she added: "Also, I think that Diana felt it was the exclusive right to attack her husband. "But, certainly not her children's right to attack their father." Speaking about Harry's attacks on William, she added: "I think he's realised he's gone too far with William and he's said more than enough." She concluded: "To my mind, the whole of Spare was a pretty good attack on his brother." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fans furious over 'sick' Coronation joke on Saturday Night Live Harry planted various attacks on William throughout his bombshell memoir, titled Spare, but the main one was detailing a physical attack that happened in 2019. Harry wrote that William turned up "piping hot" to Nottingham Cottage to discuss the "whole rolling catastrophe" of their relationship. Harry added that he told William that he was "parroting the press narrative" of his wife, leading to the alleged physical attack. Don't miss... POLL: Should Lady Louise be given a new title? [POLL] Meghan 'wants' Archie and Lilibet to be 'American through and through' [LATEST] Royal Family 'did right thing' not attending Lilibet's US christening  [POLL] In the segment about the book relaying the alleged attack, Harry wrote that William "grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor". He added that this led him to fall "on the dog’s bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me". Despite Harry's various potshots at the family, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have received an invite to the Coronation in May. A statement, which was released last week confirming an invite had been sent out to the couple, stated that the couple had not decided whether they would be in attendance at Westminster Abbey on May 6, or not.