Sarah Ferguson declares that she feels "liberated" in a new interview. Now 63-year-old, the Duchess of York suggests she doesn't know whether it is because of the late Queen's death in September last year. Speaking on Good Morning America, Fergie said: "I feel liberated. "I don't know whether it's the Queen passing on that I now think I can, sort of, say openly what I want to say without worrying that I'm going to offend somebody. "I'm really truly authentic Sarah now." Being asked in "what ways do you think this, sort of, mirrors your life of being a little bit of a 'royal rebel', Sarah replies: "So true, so true. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' "Well, I think the red hair goes a long way for that", adding that she's "not good at conforming". Speaking of the King and Queen Consort, Fergie claims that she "totally supports them", particularly having "known them all my life". Fergie claims that she has "always adored" the King, deeming him an "extraordinary person". Speaking following the late Queen's death in September, Fergie shared some poignant words about her former mother-in-law. READ MORE: King Charles given heads up of Lilibet and Archie's title change before Sussex statement Alongside a picture of herself and the late Queen on the Buckingham Palace balcony, Sarah shared that she was "heartbroken" by the late monarch's death. Adding that she would miss her "more than words can express", she said that she was the "most incredible mother-in-law and friend". Previously speaking on the Tea with Twiggy podcast, Fergie referred to the late Queen as her "greatest mentor". Don't miss... William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' [LIVE] Fergie claims she 'hasn't really met' Meghan after curtsey claims [INTERVIEW] Lilibet's christening could be attempt at 'woke' Royal Family [DATA] Despite divorcing in 1996, Sarah still lives with her ex-husband, Prince Andrew. She married the third child, and second son, of the late Queen and Prince Philip in 1986. The pair share two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie.