The Bay is coming back to ITV and the detective drama welcomes back Marsha Thomason as DS Jenn Townsend. She will once again be joined by DS James Clarke (Andrew Dowbiggin) and DC Eddie Martin (Thomas Law). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is joining the cast for the first episode. Karl Davies joins the cast as Carl McGregor and the 40-year-old English actor is known for the TV series Kingdom. He also played Robert Sugden in ITV's Emmerdale and has had guest roles in Call the Midwife and The Tower. The star was most recently known for playing Daniel Cawood in Happy Valley.  Jacqui is played by Claire Goose, a 48-year-old British actress who played Tina Seabrook in Casualty. She is also known for her roles in Waking the Dead and The Bill. The star married actor Craig Woodrow in 2007.  Terry is played by Ian Puleston-Davies, a 64-year-old Welsh actor and writer. He played Owen Armstrong in Coronation Street and is also known for his roles in Pennyworth, Tin Star and Marcella. Sharon is played by Sophie Craig, an actress and writer known for Bulletproof, Luckless and Lockdown Kings.  Tom Slatter has a guest role in the new season and he has previously starred in This England. Viewers may also recognise him from British Rationals and That's English.  Siri Ellis also has a minor role and she is a British voice actor who has worked internationally. Her on-screen roles include Coronation Street, Emmerdale and The A Word. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find The Metcalf family is at the centre of the drama and Tom Taylor plays Matt. Tom is a 21-year-old English actor who played Jake Chambers in The Dark Tower. Viewers may also recognise him as Tom Foster from Doctor Foster.  Izzy is played by Eloise Thomas, who made her TV debut in the series Chloe. She also starred in season four of True Detective: Night Country on HBO.  Dean is played by Joe Armstrong, a 44-year-old English actor known for Robin Hood and Happy Valley. Viewers may have also seen him in The Village, and he is known for his stage roles including The Empire.  Beth is played by Victoria Elliott, a theatre and TV actress who is known for her role in the BBC sitcom Hebburn. She has also appeared at Shakespeare's Globe in A Midsummer Night's Dream.  Jonas is played by Will Oldfield, who played Bobby in The Goes Wrong Show.  Amy is played by Ella Smith, a 39-year-old English actress. Her TV credits include The Tower, Hoff the Record, Babylon, Sold and Cape Wrath. Arnold Pollock has a guest role and his previous TV credits include Traces, Coronation Street and Emmerdale.  Steve is played by Vincent Woods, but not much is known about the star at this time.  Kate Layden plays Mrs Armitage and she is a Yorkshire-born actress known for The Full Monty and Emmerdale. Her other credits include Four Lives, Coronation Street and Dalziel and Pascoe.  Fatima is played by 39-year-old English actress Poppy Jhakra, known for her roles in Waterloo Road and Coronation Street. Her other notable credits include Holby City, Waking the Dead and Doctors.  Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INTERVIEW] The Bay season 4 release date explained as new cast introduced [INSIGHT] The Bay's Daniel Ryan pays tribute to co-star ahead of new season  [INTERVIEW] Anne is played by Lindsay Eavis, who is mostly known for her theatre roles. She has appeared in The Rise of Jessie Bates and Rich Yet Poor.  Mal is played by Eugene Collins, whose credits include Casualty, Doctors, Emmerdale and Coronation Street. He is best known for playing Shaquille in Age Before Beauty.  Meg is played by Maxine Finch, who has played four different roles in Coronation Street. She has also had multiple guest roles in Emmerdale and Doctors. Other guest stars include Firefighter 2 - Gareth Morgan Cameron Young - Billy Currid Lewis Walsh - Arthur Kay Yousef Awan - Yousef Naseer Ronnie - Anthony Pedley Ms Bhula - Rakhee Sharma Tina Shaw - Jessica Ellis The Bay starts on ITV on Wednesday, March 8 at 9pm