Chelsea boss Graham Potter reportedly will not have the opportunity of using Romelu Lukaku with the Belgian striker ‘no longer wanted’ at Stamford Bridge. The Blues have struggled in front of goal this season but Lukaku does not appear to be under consideration as a solution as he approaches his 30th birthday with Todd Boehly keen to recruit younger players instead. Lukaku returned to Chelsea from Inter Milan 18 months ago in a £97million deal but his first season back in blue was little short of a disaster. He quickly fell out of the starting lineup and endured a difficult relationship with Thomas Tuchel before being shipped back to the San Siro on loan last summer. Chelsea have severely struggled in front of goal in his absence leading to speculation that he could be welcome back into the side next season. However, it now appears this will not be the case with Corriere dello Sport reporting that the west Londoners ‘no longer want Lukaku’. The team’s goalscoring issues ‘have not changed the minds’ of those at the clubs. Additionally, Boehly is said to be targeting players under 30 as he seeks to create a squad for the future. Lukaku will celebrate his 30th birthday in May and as such does not fit into those plans. READ MORE: Liverpool star Firmino 'to leave at end of season' after Klopp meeting It is not yet clear what the future will hold for Lukaku now his Chelsea career appears to be over. His loan spell at Inter has been beset by injuries limiting him to just over 700 minutes of match action, finding the net just four times. He is likely to come with a substantial fee as the Blues look to reclaim some of their initial investment and it remains to be seen whether or not the Serie A giants would be prepared to match it. For his part, Lukaku is said to be ‘all in’ on a return to Inter where he enjoyed a successful first spell between 2019 and 2021. He would be willing to accept a wage cut to stay permanently but this may not be enough for the Nerazzurri. DON'T MISSDe Jong 'makes feelings clear' on ditching Barcelona for Man Utd due to CasemiroJesus could be back in perfect timing for Arsenal ahead of six-game runArsenal and Man Utd to lose out on £100m transfer as Man City have trump card Meanwhile, Potter has been keen to stress that he believes his side can overcome their goalscoring problems suggesting his players were just going through a bad patch. “I think it’s a combination of a few things,” he told reporters when asked what was going wrong in front of goal. “It’s an easy question to ask – and not a bad question at all – it’s not the easiest one to answer either. Sometimes you go through moments when you create chances and don’t score them, which we had against Dortmund and Southampton. "As a team, we’ve not quite there in how we want it to look and function in a good way. And scoring goals is the difficult part of the game.”