Prince William and Kate Middleton could be offered to move into the seven-bedroom Royal Lodge, on the Windsor Estate, the current home of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson. One royal expert claimed it would be appropriate to give the family a larger property. But do you think they should move? Vote in our poll. The Prince and Princess of Wales moved from Kensington Palace to Adelaide Cottage in Windsor with their three children – Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four – last summer. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Writing an opinion piece for the Daily Mail, royal editor Rebecca English said: “For now they are in Adelaide Cottage, a not immodest residence by anyone's standards but with just four bedrooms (not even one for the nanny) they are living cheek-by-jowl. “As one familiar with their situation tells me: ‘The kids go to playdates at houses far bigger and grander than theirs.’ “A first-world problem admittedly, but one that would be solved if, say, a 30-room, seven-bedroom property such as Prince Andrew's Royal Lodge became free.” READ MORE: Kate and William could move into Prince Andrew's Royal Lodge The Duke of York is said to be “resisting” King Charles III’s wishes for him to move out of the Royal Lodge and downsize, according to a report by The Sun. Andrew signed a 75-year lease for the property in 2003 but if his royal allowance is cut he may be forced to move. A source told The Daily Mail that Andrew was “not being explicitly kicked out but it’s expected that he won’t be able to afford the maintenance”. Andrew was reportedly offered Frogmore Cottage, on the Windsor Estate. The Grade-II listed property was the UK residence of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, but the couple was sent an eviction notice in January asking them to “vacate” the property. Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank moved their young family into Frogmore Cottage two weeks ago. A source told OK! Magazine that Harry “couldn't be happier” for his cousin. They added: “Andrew is delighted that his daughter will take over the property for the time being.” Last year, The Sun reported that William and Kate “checked out” Royal Lodge as part of their property search ahead of their move to Windsor, but had to reject it because Andrew would "not budge”. So what do YOU think? Should William and Kate move to Royal Lodge? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.