NCIS Los Angeles has seen a few faces come and go during its reign, but one that has been in every season is Sam Hanna (played by LL Cool J). He and Agent Callen (Chris O'Donnell) have been in the CBS police procedural from the get-go, balancing their investigations with their complicated personal lives. Of course, LL Cool J was known for his music long before NCIS LA came along. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.L Cool J is an American rapper, songwriter, record producer, and actor. The award-winning musician is responsible for hits such as Mama Said Knock You Out, Headsprung, Doin' It and Around the Way Girl. He ventured into the world of acting in 1994, with his first-ever TV role as Mr Throneberry in The Adventures of Pete and Pete. Of course, he is now better known for being behind Agent Sam Hanna for all 14 seasons of NCIS LA. READ MORE: Frida Kahlo may have ended her life with an overdose to escape agony NCIS Los Angeles star LL Cool J was born on January 14, 1968, in Bay Shore, New York. This means the actor and rapper celebrated his 55th birthday at the start of this year. He marked the occasion by sharing a present he received from the musician Z-Trip. The DJ gave him a personalised piece of art which Cool J was more than grateful for. Taking to Instagram to share the artwork, Cool J wrote: "My brother @ztrip gifted me with this amazing piece. "Custom artwork from @tristaneaton. Thank you @ztrip @tristaneaton and @yulkiss!! This gift inspires me." In response, the NCIS LA star received a flurry of birthday wishes from his followers and friends. His wife of 27 years, Simone Smith, also dedicated an adorable post with a plethora of pictures from the couple's life together. Don't miss... Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [ROYAL] The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION] NCIS' Michael Weatherly opens up on early influence of acting career [CAST] Smith wrote: "Happy Birthday Baby!!! @llcoolj "Wishing you nothing but multiple blessings today and all year! "Plan to push forward and walk in your CHOSEN-NESS. "God is good! I love you forever and a day." In comparison to the rest of his co-stars, Cool J is among the oldest. Callen star Chris O'Donnell is the closest in age at 52 years old. Meanwhile, Marty Deeks actor Eric Christian Olsen is 45 and Kensi Blye actress Daniela Ruah is 39. The oldest member of the cast though is Hetty Lange star Linda Hunt who is aged 77. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA.