Former Four In A Bed contestant John Commons, who runs The Victoria Biker’s Pub in Leicestershire, exclusively revealed to Express.co.uk this week that he initially turned down the opportunity to appear on the show. Now he has made a further exclusive revelation about his fellow contestants. John appeared on the B&B-themed reality competition with his sister Joy as they competed against three other guest house owners to win the coveted Four In a Bed plaque. However, while John was in it to enjoy the experience, he explained that some were only concerned with winning. “We had a great time. It was good fun,” he said. “There was one woman that was a bad apple who'd never stopped complaining and she was definitely a game player. “But generally, it was a good fun two weeks. But some of them they just really want to win that plaque.” READ MORE: Prue Leith admits 'no royals involved' after Damehood snub   John’s episode first aired in series twelve back in November2017. He had turned down previous opportunities to appear on the show and only relented when producers agreed to one stipulation. “I said that I would only do it on a Thursday night,” he revealed. Although initially confused they agreed to this when he explained why.    “I said, ‘Well, on a Thursday night, it’s our bike night,’” John continued. “’Our car park is full of motorbikes, and this is what we're about.’” He also offered to create an atmosphere for the show by arranging live music on the night. “I told them ‘If you want to film on that night, I'll put a band on or two and then you'll get a true reflection of what we're about'," he added. DON'T MISS: Zoe Ball apologises to listeners as Gogglebox's Lee Riley swears [INSIGHT]The Repair Shop guest breaks down over treasured item [SPOILER]Love Island star claims she was ‘set up to fail’ on the show [OPINION] John’s premises, which features hostel style rooms, was featured on the second day of the weeklong competition. In the show B&B owners have to stay in each other’s premises, and then pay what they think they are worth with the winner being the place that earns the most money. Day one saw foodie Debbie Quinn and housekeeper, cook and cleaner Isobel Reisen welcome people to their recently opened B&B above a barber shop in Macclesfield. For day three contestants headed to The Cranberries Hideaway in Devon, where they were welcomed by Steve and Verity. The fourth and final day saw all the contestants decamp to the Mehfil Hotel in Southall, London, where Arun and his sister Rashmi offered the group some Indian hospitality. On hearing that they’d won a stunned Rashmi said: “Winning means a lot to us. It’s a huge boost to our confidence.” Meanwhile John’s sister Joy acknowledged: “Arun and Rashmi - the most deserved people I could imagine.” Four In a Bed is on Channel 4 at 5pm daily with previous episodes available on All 4.