Some foods might make travellers feel unwell before a flight. James Cole, founder and managing director of luxury cruise specialists, Panache Cruise, shared the five foods to avoid before flying. James said: “The last thing you want to feel is bloated before jetting off on a long-haul flight or getting ready to dress up for dinner at the captain’s table. “Travel can be uncomfortable at times, particularly when flying long haul, so avoiding foods that will make you dehydrated or give you heartburn should be avoided at least until you arrive at your destination. “Nobody wants to taint their holiday with the worry of managing a dodgy stomach or having to run back and forth to the lavatory. “However, with a bit of preparation, many of the common pitfalls can be avoided entirely." READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Fly to New York from £1 with incredible BA offer James said: “It might be tempting to grab some fast food whilst stuck in an airport or waiting at the dock to board a ship, but these greasy foods can cause heartburn because of their high-fat content. “Fast food also has high sodium levels which can cause bloating or swelling because of fluid retention. This can mean some serious discomfort while travelling, especially with air pressure.” Many airports have fast food restaurants like McDonalds or KFC and it can be tempting to grab a quick meal before a flight. However, fast food could make people feel bloated during their flight so it might be best to wait until touch down. Don't miss... ‘Quirky’ British city is one of the world's best staycations [INSPIRATION] How to get cheap train tickets: Hidden deals for the ‘best price’ [DEAL] Cruise holiday guest explains how to avoid ‘crowds on cruises’ [CRUISE] James said: “For many travellers having a pint or a glass of wine is a celebratory start to their holiday. But drinking alcohol before and while travelling might not be such a good idea. “The body will quickly become dehydrated and also cause a sudden urge to use the bathroom, which could be at a very inconvenient time when boarding a flight or ship. “Drinking alcohol can also mean causing unwarranted disruption for other passengers because of lowered inhibitions.” Alcohol can cause people to become dehydrated which might be a bad start to a holiday. Some airlines also have rules about alcohol consumption on planes. READ MORE:Cruise guest explains how they ruined their holiday James said: “For most of us, coffee is the answer to those early starts ahead of our holidays, but caffeine can cause involuntary jittery movements, not something anyone wants while sitting in one position on a long-haul flight. “Coffee will also speed up the body’s dehydration which is particularly uncomfortable when travelling.” James added: “Orange juice is known for its acidity and that’s why it’s best to avoid drinking before travelling. “Particularly when flying, heartburn can be brought on by the cabin pressure, and drinking acidic juice is no favour. The vitamin C in the drink can also make the bladder weaker, meaning more discomfort and treks to the bathroom.” James said: “Vegetables in the cruciferous family, like broccoli, cauliflower, brussel sprouts and kale definitely tick the boxes in terms of health benefits for the body, something which most of us will want before travelling. “But these veggies can make the body very bloated and gassy because of the fibre and raffinose which is packed inside them, something which will be very unpleasant whilst travelling.” Fellow passengers might not be happy if a traveller is very gassy on the flight so it could be best to avoid cruciferous vegetables. Sometimes there’s a long queue for a plane bathroom so passengers might want to avoid any risky foods.