A family is growing increasingly "desperate" in their search for answers after two sisters and a friend went missing in Mexico. Maritza Trinidad Perez Rios, 47, Marina Perez Rios, 48, and Dora Alicia Cervantes Saenz, 53, vanished after crossing the US border on a trip to sell clothes at a flea market. The disappearance of the trio, who travelled in a green 1990s Chevy Silverado, is the latest instance of tourists encountering danger across the border.  Maritza and Marina's cousin, Ludy Arredondo, has launched a renewed appeal more than a fortnight after losing contact. She wrote on Facebook: "Today is day 16 and we still don't know about my cousins Maritza Perez, Marina Perez and Dora Cervantes. "They have been strong, exhausting, desperate days without knowing what's up with them, hard-working, honest women who have nothing to do with illegal situations. "They only went to work. So far the FBI has joined their search after so many days of their disappearance, time is ticking and not in their favour." The women had been travelling to Montemorelos, in Nuevo Leon state - a three-hour drive from their homes in Peñitas, a small border city in Texas. The FBI has said it is "unable to provide comment on this ongoing investigation", adding that it "relentlessly pursues all options when it comes to protecting the American people, and this doesn’t change when they are endangered across the border". Ms Arredondo said: "So far we do not have a single piece of news, the authorities do not say anything, they do not have clues. "Please do not leave us alone and keep sharing." READ MORE: Gary Glitter spotted browsing mobile phone and 'discussing' dark web The last to hear from the women was one of their husbands who spoke to her by phone while she was in Mexico. He later reported them missing after a sudden cut off in communication, Peñitas Police Chief Roel Bermea said. It comes as US official Lieutenant Olivarez warned spring breakers to avoid travelling to certain "dangerous" areas in Mexico, following a series of cartel kidnappings. Earlier this month, four Americans disappeared after travelling to Mexico for 'tummy tuck' operations. The group were captured by cartel henchmen shortly after crossing the border into the country in a dramatic kidnapping that was caught on camera.  Two of the travellers - Shaeed Woodard and Zindell Brown - were killed and their bodies were returned to the US by Mexican authorities last week. The two other travellers in the group - Eric Williams and LaTavia Washington McGee - managed to escape and were taken to hospital following the terrifying ordeal. Mexican officials said they believe the incident could have been a case of "mistaken identity" and may be connected to the notorious "Gulf Cartel". Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews