An Emma Raducanu-esque story could be brewing at Indian Wells after British No 6 Katie Swan made it through qualifying to reach the main draw of a WTA 1000 event for the first time in her young career. It comes as Raducanu herself now looks in doubt for the BNP Paribas Open after pulling out of a pre-tournament exhibition match and cancelling her practice session on Tuesday. Raducanu made history in 2021 when she came through qualifying at the US Open to win the whole tournament while ranked down at No 150 in the world, becoming the first-ever qualifier to lift a Grand Slam trophy. But the 20-year-old has struggled for deep runs in tournaments since and could have her Indian Wells hopes derailed after pulling out of Tuesday’s Eisenhower Cup with less than eight hours’ notice. While the British No 1’s hopes of being ready for her first-round match against Danka Kovinic are now in doubt after she also removed her name from Tuesday’s practice schedule, one of her compatriots will still be flying the flag for Britain in the women’s main draw after following in Raducanu’s footsteps by coming through qualifying. Swan has qualified for the main draw of a WTA 1000 tournament for the first time in her career after downing 17th qualifying seed Leolia Jeanjean 6-2 6-1 before backing it up with a 6-4 7-6(6) victory over the qualies draw’s top seed Dalma Galfi on Tuesday. It’s a milestone achievement for the 23-year-old, whose only appearances at a 1000-point event had previously been two qualifying attempts in Miami in both 2016 and 2017.  Just in Medvedev is dangerous in Indian Wells as winning streak tipped to last [LATEST] The world No 156 has benefitted from the influence of some other top British stars as she is signed to Andy Murray’s 77 Sports Management agency and was part of Britain’s United Cup team at the start of the 2023 season, captained by Tim Henman. Swan flourished under the retired former world No 4 as she managed to defeat world No 70 Nuria Parrizas Diaz 3-6 6-1 6-2 before downing Australia’s Zoe Hives, and also took top 20 star Madison Keys to a third set. Swan had already started to trend in the right direction last season when she had her best-ever showing at a tour-level event, reaching the semi-final at the Indian Open before she was forced to retire with illness. And her qualification for Indian Wells comes at the perfect time, with the only British woman who made it into the main draw off her own ranking now in doubt. Don't miss... BBC respond to claims 60-year Wimbledon tradition to be axed [NEWS] Medvedev was left with 'nothing' before epic run of three titles [QUOTES] Carlos Alcaraz named alongside Haaland and Russell in new accolade [REPORT] Raducanu has had a tough start to 2023 with multiple setbacks and appears to be facing another in the Californian desert, where she pulled out of the Tie Break Tens event and cancelled her practice session on Tuesday. The 20-year-old is reportedly hoping to have a hit on Wednesday to see where her body is at before her first-round match against Danka Kovinic on Thursday. The British No 1 will want to be cautious as she is coming off a tonsillitis illness that forced her to pull out of last week’s ATX Open. Raducanu hasn’t played since January’s Australian Open, which came days after she rolled her ankle at the ASB Classic and was forced to retire in tears with the injury stunting her preparation for the first Major of the season where she lost to Coco Gauff in the second round. 