From his very first film Love Me Tender and Debra Paget, Elvis Presley became rather infamous for falling for his gorgeous leading ladies and often, but not always, seducing them. He was so smitten with Paget (with whom he starred twice), many of his subsequent co-stars resembled her – and even teenage Priscilla Beaulieu (later Presley) was reputed to have modelled her style on the raven beauty. A few years later, The King filmed King Creole when his 1958 military service was looming. His lady-killing reputation was already well in place, but Jones had her own, ultimately tragic, reasons for resting kissing him. At the time, Elvis was dating Hollywood starlet Anita Wood, although that hadn't stopped him from pursuing and wooing various co-stars including Paget. In King Creole, The King plays a man torn between two beautiful women, Jones' sexy Ronnie and Nellie, played by Dolores Hart. True to her sweeter role, the latter would famously quit Hollywood at the height of her fame to become a nun. Although even she later spoke of Elvis' powerful "sexual appeal from the waist down". Jones, meanwhile, had already made a name for herself as a powerful screen presence with a strong personality match and already had an Oscar nomination under her belt. The fantastically overblown trailer describes Elvis and his two leading ladies in stirring fashion. It says: "Now he crowns his meteoric rise to fame with a fiery burst of dramatic power as hard-loving, hard-living Danny Fisher, who sang his way up from the gutters of lusty, brawling New Orleans. There were to be many women in Danny’s life, but only two who really count: Nelly, who knew too little about love, Ronnie, who knew too much." Jones had come into the film riding high on the success of 1957's The Bachelor Party, which had earned her a Best Supporting Actress nomination. However, her unwillingness to kiss Elvis on set had nothing to do with her career or any personal feelings about her handsome leading man. The final scenes of the movie scenes were filmed at Lake Pontchartrain, near New Orleans. Unfortunately, at the time, Jones had come down with a temperature of 103 and later said: "It was good that I was supposed to be dying in the film because I felt like I was, and I think I looked like it, too." She tried to persuade Elvis not to kiss her, for his own sake, but his reply was fantastic and also a perfect example of his quick wit and charm. Jones said she told him: "Isn’t there some way you can get around kissing me because I’m so germy that I’m gonna kill you." DON'T MISSAnn-Margret lamented Elvis Presley relationship when he 'ghosted her'Elvis Presley's affair behind Priscilla's back was life-changingJohn Wayne and Marlon Brando loved the same woman and one proposed According to Jones, Elvis replied: "'That’s all right; maybe it’ll get me out of the army,' and he necked away like crazy. He went off to the army and I took to my bed for two weeks." It might just have been an amusing anecdote, except that Jones's poor health didn't just affect her on the set of Kid Creole. It had already cost her another Oscar-winning role and would cut her life short in 1983. The actress suffered from asthma and was prone to illness. Five years earlier, the role of Alma in 1953's From Here To Eternity was actually written for her but she had to pull out when she was hospitalised with pneumonia. Her replacement, Donna Reed, went on to win an Oscar for it. Always highly respected within Hollywood, Jones found worldwide fame in 1964 as the wonderfully odd Morticia in the ground-breaking television series, The Addams Family. It only ran for two years but had a huge cultural impact Jones said of the role: "I loved that show. I was sorry to see it go. Morticia was the perfect role for me because my sense of humour is just slightly off-centre.” Dogged by health issues, she died young at the age of 53, in 1983, from colon, liver and stomach cancer.