Tottenham should appoint Vincent Kompany as the manager to replace Antonio Conte this summer, claims former Chelsea and Aston Villa striker Tony Cascarino. Spurs could be searching for a new boss at the end of the season. Conte's contract in north London is coming to an end. There is a growing sense that the Italian will be leaving after failing to end the club's trophy drought this season. Mauricio Pochettino is the favourite to get the job and is thought to be keen on a return to Spurs. However, Cascarino believes Kompany would be worth the gamble. Manchester City legend Kompany is the current boss of Championship side Burnley. The Clarets are top of the second tier, 13 points clear of Sheffield United in second place.  Read more... Graham Potter has new Chelsea hero as Leicester escape two red cards [COMMENT] It is Kompany's first season at Turf Moor after a couple of years in charge of Anderlecht. Cascarino has seen enough to be convinced he can manage a club the size of Tottenham. He said on talkSPORT: "Now there's an opportunity out there that is going to be jumped on by somebody very quickly. And I think if they do lose Conte, which pretty much looks like is going to happen in the summer, there's one person that stands out for me - Vincent Kompany. "He stands out for me as one to jump the queue and get in because I've listened to his team talks, you can look at how he's changed a football club so dramatically in a very short space of time. The Burnley fans will hate me but will love the way that he's producing a team to play football, how exciting they've been." Kompany turns 37 next month and has been tipped by Pep Guardiola to replace him at City in the future. But Cascarino says Spurs chairman Daniel Levy should get in first before the Etihad club come calling.  Don't miss... Lineker shrugs off BBC criticism as MOTD host seen joking at Leicester [PICS] Van Dijk behaviour worrying as four Liverpool stars flop v Bournemouth [OPINION] Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [NEWS] He added: "I actually think that he's young enough to be a manager at a football club. You've got to try and find someone that ticks a lot of boxes and I think the way he conducts himself, he's done a lot obviously at Anderlecht in Belgium. "He retired young enough, he's smart enough, he's a captain, he's a leader, and leaders do lead. I think he ticks all those boxes. "If I was Daniel Levy and was really looking for a guy that I could get, he would be top of my hitlist, he really would. I think what he's done at Burnley has been nothing short of incredible."  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE