Representatives for Raheem Sterling have dismissed "false" claims that the Chelsea star is unhappy with life in London just eight months after arriving at the club. The Blues winger had been linked with a shock transfer to London rivals Arsenal but his agent has moved to quash speculation regarding their client. The 28-year-old joined the west London club from champions Manchester City in a £47.5million deal in July and is the club's top goalscorer this season with six goals in 26 appearances. However, reports had suggested Sterling was unhappy with life at Stamford Bridge and the England international was considering a move across the capital to join Premier League leaders Arsenal, with the mood currently low at Chelsea. But his agent, Kelly Hogarth, has moved to deny such claims that Sterling already wants out of the club less than a year after signing for the club in a big-money transfer. READ MORE: Mykhaylo Mudryk's Chelsea wages are 'a third of Raheem Sterling's' A report carried by Simon Phillips, via CaughtOffside, claimed that Sterling was unhappy at the club. 90Min also reported Arsenal were weighing up a possible bid for Sterling as Mikel Arteta is a 'huge fan' of the winger. Hogarth - who formerly worked at Jay-Z's Roc Nation agency - represents her own management firm Thelma Gwen and has worked with Manchester United star Marcus Rashford as well as Sterling. And in replying directly to the tweet above, she insisted Sterling is committed to staying with Chelsea and will not look to leave the club. "False," Hogarth wrote in response to the tweet. "Sterling has expressed NO discontent with CFC & having committed his long-term future to the new ownership this summer, there is to be no review of his position in the upcoming transfer window. He very much looks forward to building upon the success of previous seasons." DON'T MISSChelsea's Havertz slammed for 'doing nothing' and seeing off managersTodd Boehly 'visited Chelsea dressing room' after Tottenham lossChelsea boss Graham Potter told to get rid of eight players Sterling, who played the full 90 minutes in the 2-0 loss at the hands of Tottenham on Sunday, has only scored once in 2023 after netting in the 1-1 draw with Nottingham Forest. The former Man City star has made only 15 starts out of a possible 24 for the club this season owing to a poor run of form and minor injuries. But he is still regarded as a key player by Graham Potter and on reported wages of £300,000-a-week, he is one of the club's highest earners. His current deal expires in 2027 and it would take a huge amount for Chelsea to even consider selling him to Arsenal, even after the arrivals of forwards Mykhaylo Mudryk, Noni Madueke and Joao Felix in January.