Father Brown will be airing this afternoon (March 3) on BBC One at 1.45pm with the entirety of season 10 available to watch on BBC iPlayer as a boxset. Season 10, episode nine is called The Wheels pf Wrath and sees a biker gang causing outrage and excitement in Kembleford when they arrive one summer. As always, there will be a murder with the finger pointed at the wrong person. But Father Brown (played by Mark Williams) will be quickly on the case and trying to find the real killer before they strike again. Both Father Brown and Mrs Devine (Claudine Blakley) will be hoping to maintain the peace between biker gang the Ton-Ups and the villagers in the meantime. In the midst of murder, Sergeant Goodfellow (John Burton) will be preparing for his inspector exams in the hopes of getting bumped up a rank. Fans will have to wait and see if Sergeant Goodfellow is going to be promoted with murder and unrest in Kembleford. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal Sergeant Goodfellow has been part of Father Brown since season two in 2014. His character replaced Sergeant Allbright (Keith Osborn) after he departed from the show in season one. According to actor Burton’s Twitter bio, Sergeant Goodfellow’s first name is Daniel. Since coming onto the scene, Sergeant Goodfellow has proved to be popular with the locals and Father Brown fans alike. Reflecting on why Sergeant Goodfellow remained a firm favourite among fans, actor Burton said: “He's endearing, and he's a good fellow. “There is a brilliant line that we actually use this year where one of the characters says, ‘Run along now and be a good fellow.’ “So that’s a nice little nod to my character. I think he's also popular because he's just a middle of the road guy. He hasn't got any agendas or anything.” Burton explained his alter-ego was “very loyal” and had “good values” which endeared audiences to him. He went on to say: “He's a local boy. He's a parishioner, he's in the choir, he's in the local amateur dramatics, and he's a local ballroom dancer. “He does all these things. He also gets set up as a stooge whenever possible, but I quite like that. “I think it's good that he's got all these different strings to his bow.” Burton also addressed the success of Father Brown, which has become a global phenomenon, saying the standalone episodes made it an easy watch without an arc running through. The gentle nature of Father Brown also made it universally popular with Burton comparing the show to a “comfy pair of slippers”, saying viewers knew what they were going to get. In the past, the actor has even been spotted while he was filming in Spain when he was approached by a Belgian person who told him he adored Sergeant Goodfellow’s character. He said: “The reason why it's sold everywhere and why it's so widely liked is the format.” Burton added: “There’s a murder, inept coppers turn up, and Father Brown shows you how he solved it in flashback. And that's it. That's the recipe for success.” Father Brown season 10 airs on BBC One on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is streaming as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer