Fergie claims that she "hasn't really met" Meghan Markle, despite the 41-year-old's claims that the Duchess of York was the one who taught her how to curtsey to the late Queen. Meghan even previously recalled having drinks with Sarah at her Windsor home, Royal Lodge. Speaking to the Telegraph, Fergie claimed she "doesn't know" Meghan, who married Prince Harry in 2018. Fergie said: "I don't really know Meghan. I haven't really met her." In their 2021 inteview, as well as in Prince Harry's memoir Spare, published this year, the couple said it was Fergie who taught Meghan how to curtsey. Fergie reportedly met Meghan ahead of the Duchess of Sussex's first meeting with the late monarch. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity plummets to new record low among Britons Despite this, Fergie said that she did speak to Meghan at the Queen's funeral in September last year. Recalling the brief meeting, she said: "She looked absolutely beautiful. I think she is beautiful." Speaking about having to curtsey in front of the monarch, Meghan previously claimed she was shocked when Prince Harry explained what was expected, adding that she went into it "naively" In the couple's interview with Oprah, Meghan said this is because she "didn't grow up knowing much about the Royal Family" and that, ahead of officially joining the family, she didn't "fully understand what the job was". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' Meghan said: "I didn't know I was going to meet her [the Queen] until moments before. We were in the car and we were going to the Royal Lodge for lunch, and [Harry] was like, "Oh, my grandmother is here, she's going to be there for lunch.". Meghan then claimed that as they arrived "in front of the house", Fergie "ran out" and asked if she knew how to curtsey. The 41-year-old added: "Apparently I did a very deep curtsey, I don't remember it, and then we sat there and we chatted." Don't miss... William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' [LIVE] Fergie opens up about friendship with Princess Diana [INTERVIEW] Prince Harry's 'choice of guru' may prove 'unwise' after drug comments [EXCLUSIVE] Like Meghan, Sarah joined the Royal Family through marriage. She married Prince Andrew is 1986, and the pair had two daughters, Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie. Despite divorcing in 1996, the couple have remained close and still live together at Royal Lodge.