The interviews see the final candidates face the gruelling process of being grilled over their business plans by several professionals. The episode usually involves tears and laughs as the competition heats up. However, after this week's episode many The Apprentice fans were left fuming that five women had made it through, which also happened last year. Some went as far as to accuse the BBC of deliberately constructing an all-female final because of "wokeness". This week's task saw the teams having to create a unique new dog food, but the ideas both groups had left Lord Sugar - and the industry experts - unimpressed. The contestants were responsible for the whole of the manufacturing process and had to decide together the best approach to take. However, one team made zero sales following their pitches, meaning Megan, Simba, and Dani were all in the firing line. Megan had been the project manager and her team accused her of not being clear as to what she wanted for the product. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead Megan had decided to go down the insect route for her dog food vision. However, when explaining to Simba and Dani she said not to make it a key part of the selling process. She also made clear she wanted the food to focus on dogs' health, but again not to overstate the fact. Although this was brought up in the boardroom, it was Simba who found himself the next to be fired, just missing out on a place in the final. Dani and Simba had bickered throughout the task, and Simba accused his co-star of not listening to him. While making his decision, Alan stated: "It seems to me that no one listens to you. "You're the kind of person people ignore." While he tried to argue his case, Alan decided to eliminate Simba from the process. The business magnate concluded: "They say every dog has its day, but sadly Simba, it's not your day. It is with regret, you're fired." Don't miss... The One Show guest breaks down in tears over show surprise  [LATEST] The Chase viewers fume as Anne loses in 'nightmare' final [REACTION] Coronation Street couple at risk of being torn apart after ex return [SPOILER] Simba congratulated his teammates and thanked Alan, Karren Brady, and Tim Campbell as he left the room. Like last year, this meant the final five would be an all-female group. However, some viewers were convinced the "woke" BBC had planned it that way, with others fuming Alan shouldn't have fired the final male candidate. Twitter user @bowkie raged: "#TheApprentice I’m done. The wrong person went. It’s too woke and PC." "If five men had been left at the end, there would have been uproar from feminists. More woke rubbish from the BBC. #TheApprentice," @suhailrana accused. alberte95790227 shared: "#TheApprentice Total woke decision. Only thing I'm looking forward to now is this one justifying why she's still in the process." @VoxPopu07251706 fumed: "#TheApprentice Simba DID NOT DESERVE TO BE sacked! "Project Manager, Megan, was incompetent, giving a confused brief & then creating an inedible dog food. "Dani was hopeless! Useless at marketing but would not listen to anyone other than her own mouth! Every guy has been sacked now!" @prankstersinc argued: "Sacking Simba instead of those two useless women who were both directly responsible for the failure of the task? laughable! Captain of industry my a***... #TheApprentice #TheApprentice2023." glitterfulspace stated: "Clearly Lord Sugar just wanted an all-female final five again no way Simba should have been fired #TheApprentice." @ktmaxi added: "@Lord_Sugar You have got it wrong again #LordSugar. You sacked #Simba from #TheApprentice. He was the only mature, intelligent apprentice in the team of 3. He was unfairly treated tonight. Nobody could talk over the mouthy girl!" However, others believed the right choice had been made, with @zaynabsiddiq stating: "Only girls final again! we love to see it #TheApprentice." Liam33232695 penned: "Yay Marnie is through to final 5 #TheApprentice," along with a smiling emoji. The Apprentice continues on Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.