In my own County of Essex, over a recent 12-month period there were over 77,000 streets and roadworks, making it the most “dug up” County in Britain. However, the curse of prolonged and overrunning roadworks is one which applies across the entire country, from motorways to country lanes. Sometimes it is utility companies carrying our repairs or maintenance, sometimes broadband providers laying new fibre, or property developers connecting up new estates to the power grid. In many cases, however, the common factor is a lack of any palpable sense of urgency to get the job done, regardless of the inconvenience which is caused to the travelling public. That is why today, with the full support of the AA, I have published my Roadworks (Regulation) Bill, which is designed to curtail the seemingly endless increase of roadworks in Britain and thus help ‘Can the Cones.’ The Bill essentially has three key aims. Firstly, the Bill would give local highways authorities much stronger powers to control the granting of permits to anyone who wanted to dig up the highway network. In effect, this would materially strengthen the hand of councils to negotiate much tighter conditions - including stricter deadlines. Secondly, it would mandate highways authorities to take all practicable steps to “deconflict” roadworks in their areas. It would also seek to prevent multiple works in the same neighbourhood from leading to near gridlock, especially during peak periods. would also seek to prevent the same stretch of road from being dug up multiple times, in short succession, by different companies. Thirdly, it would materially increase the fines for roadworks which persistently overrun. At present, the fines have not been updated for years. The bill would therefore significantly increase the penalties for over-running beyond the schedule agreed upon when the permit was first granted – and persistent offenders could be fined up to 10 percent of their corporate turnover, which should make even the most tin-earned company sit up and listen. At present, the Bill is due to receive its second reading on Friday 24th March. However, I will also be meeting shortly with the Roads Minister, Richard Holden MP, to discuss the Bill’s main objectives and how they might be achieved, either by the Government adopting the Bill, or strengthening Government guidance on roadworks. In summary, no one likes roadworks, but most people accept they are sometimes a necessary evil. Nevertheless, the spirit of this Bill is that if you really do have to dig up the road network, then get in, do what you have to do as quickly and safely as possible and then get out of the way, and get the traffic flowing again. So, let’s ‘Can the Cones’