Sir David Attenborough's Wild Isles will showcase some of the most diverse wildlife and beautiful landscapes on earth - in areas around Britain and Ireland. In a major new landmark series, David will celebrate the wonders of the islands that we call home, revealing the surprising and dramatic habitats that exist right on our doorstep. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, BBC boss Alastair Fothergill, the executive producer of the series, explained the BBC had refused to use the documentary to "wag a finger" at audiences. While the series has moments of exploring the devastating impact of climate change, it also celebrates the beautiful surroundings of Britain. "I think that I think people appreciate that," Alastair explained. "And so it was very important for us to say, 'Look, it is really precious at the same time it's fragile.' "And you have to be careful with a BBC One audience you know, you can't on a Sunday evening, wag your finger at them. "So we made a very positive policy to say, 'OK, how do we communicate the fragility?' READ MORE: Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified "And a certain amount is in the numbers - by saying, 'We've lost 97 percent of hay meadows,' it really brings home how precious hay meadows are." Filmed over the course of three years, the five-part series will investigate how Britain and Ireland's woodland, grassland, freshwater, and ocean habitats support wildlife of all kinds. When asked why he decided to create a series about the British Isles, Alastair replied: "Ever since I worked on the original Blue Planet, Planet Earth and Frozen Planet series, I have always wanted to cover the British Isles and our natural history with a similarly ambitious and epic approach. "I knew that nobody had ever had the opportunity before to really do justice to the spectacular scenery and rich and varied wildlife found at home. "I also have a personal passion for our natural history." The BBC boss was also asked what he hopes the audience will take away from the series. "I hope the audience will be genuinely surprised by the richness of our natural history," he stated. Continuing, the producer added: "At the same time, I hope they will recognise how fragile and precious it is." Don't miss... Four in a Bed star puts head in hands over guest feedback [LATEST] Antiques Roadshow sees 'world treasure' from Ming Dynasty [VIDEO] Ricky Tomlinson makes passionate speech in favour of striking NHS [LATEST] Talking about the legendary David, Alastair went on: "I was very fortunate to travel around the country directing the pieces to camera with Sir David Attenborough. "We filmed it in a variety of different locations, but the highlights for me were two visits to the island of Skomer, off west Wales. " I first worked with David back in 1987 and it felt a great privilege to be in the field with him again." Episode one celebrates the rich variety of wildlife that exists in the British Isles and explains why the small and uniquely positioned set of isles is so critical for the survival of species across the globe. Using the very latest technology, each episode captures dramatic and new behaviours across the British Isles, from battling butterflies to mighty killer whales on the hunt. Despite the rich and varied habitats, Britain and Ireland are among the most nature-depleted countries in the world. Sir David highlights these issues and asks how nations can restore the once-wild isles for future generations. Sir David Attenborough's Wild Isles starts on Sunday at 7pm on BBC One.