Facial yoga has exploded in recent years as a cheap - or sometimes even free - anti-ageing method. Facial yoga practitioner, gua sha expert and health coach Victoria Adams gave Express.co.uk a step-by-step guide to massaging your way to younger looking skin. Many of us hold tension in our necks that cause stiffness aches and pains. Facial yoga expert Victoria told Express.co.uk how women can use their own hands to relive this tension and look younger in the process. According to the expert there are loads of benefits of neck massage, from tension relief to clearing blockages, smoothing the area to indirectly improving cellular health. She told Express.co.uk: "The biggest benefit is going to be that you are helping to stretch open tissue that may have become incredibly tight that may have an effect on the rest of the body including the face, the mid and lower back and the arms. "You are giving your body and your mind an opportunity to take a breath and release physical stress or mental stress from the system." READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures  She added that neck massage is also great for alleviating neck pain. Victoria continued: "The biggest transformation will be how you feel - you feel like you can breathe better. "You feel like you can go about day-to-day tasks better when you're faced with stress." But what are the physical effects of neck message, that cause the women practising it habitually to look younger? Victoria said: "In terms of how you look what you'll probably find is that because you're dealing with less pain and physical stress, the face will probably look a lot softer. Don't miss... Asian zodiac 2023-2024 predictions for each sign [ASTROLOGY] The 'unflattering' fringe women over 50 should avoid [EXPERT]  Harry is 'determined' to be a 'complete contrast' to other royal [EXCLUSIVE] "You'll probably have more of a natural glow because you're not carrying the burden of stress or neck pain or shoulder pain. "The more stressed and tense we are the more tense our muscles become, causing more pain and more discomfort." Relieving tension from the neck will soften the face, helping to get rid of your "frowning expression, 11 lines and worry lines". She continued: "Naturally by doing these stretches and by sending the breath there, you're rehydrating that area. "And just by building that blood flow to the muscles and connective tissue, - because remember, the blood should be carrying collagen and elastin - you will see more of the aesthetic improvements as well." READ MORE: 73-year-old model shares 'age defying beauty routine'  What's good about these exercises is they can be done anywhere - "in the car, at your desk, on the train, in the toilet -" using just the hands. For Victoria's first exercise, interlace your fingers and place your hands on top of your head. Actively soften the shoulders and facial features, take a deep breath in and as you exhale, start to circle the hands "so the scalp slides". Next, slide the hands down towards the back of the head and massage up and down with a little pressure, inhaling and exhaling. Unlace your fingers and place your thumbs on the ridge of the skull at the back of the head, moving your thumbs in slow, circular motions. Bring the chin into the chest and circle the shoulders slowly backwards, inhaling and exhaling. Squeeze each shoulder with the opposite hand repeatedly but slowly, turning your head to the side and tipping the chin down. Finally, place your hand on your scalp and tip your head to one side, breathing into the open side of the neck, before switching to the other side. For a little extra, stick the tongue out - "it looks silly but helps you work tension out of the space". Victoria warned that these exercises should not hurt, but it's important to apply some pressure. Aside from facial yoga, it's important we don't neglect the neck in other ways too, according to the expert. We invest a lot of time and money on skincare for our faces but often forget the neck, even when it comes to applying suncream. Victoria Adams is a health coach, facial yoga and gua sha expert.