Wrexham travel to Dagenham & Redbridge on Tuesday night, however, fans have unearthed an alarming piece of information about the referee for the game. The National League is reaching the business end of the season as title-chasing Wrexham make a four-hour trip to the east of central London. The hosts sit 10th in the table ahead of the meeting with the Welsh side, while the Red Dragons sit one point above their nearest rivals Notts County, with a game in hand at their disposal. Wrexham retained top spot on Saturday with a 2-2 draw at Maidenhead, as the Magpies grabbed a 90th minute equaliser to cancel out Paul Mullin's two goals. Dagenham, meanwhile, picked up a third consecutive home win. Their 2-1 win over York City kept them just four points off the play-offs. Ahead of tonight's clash between the two sides, an eagle-eyed fan has carried out some research on those officiating the game - and it could spell bad news for the Red Dragons. Taking to Twitter, one Wrexham fan attached an array of images including details of the match officials for tonight's fixture, with referee Lloyd Wood residing in Dagenham himself. The disgruntled fan penned: "The referee for our game tomorrow is Lloyd Wood. He’s from Dagenham, works as a teacher at a school in Dagenham, is on the cover photo of the ‘Barking and Dagenham Referees Club’ and has run referee seminars at DRFC. Am I wrong in saying this is a very questionable appointment?" In reply to their tweet, they affirmed: "To add, just imagine the outcry if we had a referee from somewhere in Wales in charge, never mind Wrexham! I’m not questioning his professionalism but I think it’s ridiculous for such a big game!" The men in the middle are allowed to nail their colours to a particular mast, but there are rules in place regarding which games they officiate. Keith Hackett - the former head of Professional Game Match Officials Limited, the organisation that makes refereeing appointments for Premier League games - has said: "At the beginning of every season the referees' background information is audited. "They complete a form that includes who they support, the history of if they've played the game and with the addresses where they are residing. "That gives you a picture that comes into use when you're appointing. It's about ensuring, for example, you wouldn't appoint a Sheffield-based ref for a Sheffield team."