A US TV host has lashed out at Meghan Markle for "choosing the poor one" in the Royal Family. Megyn Kelly spoke to Sky News Australia's Paul Murray about claims made by royal expert Tom Bower that the Duchess of Sussex "surprised and disappointed" by her husband's financial situation. Kelly recommended Meghan "trade up" from Harry after marrying a "prince who's a pauper". She said: "He's got fame and he gave her that for sure, she's now a household name when she wasn't but he doesn't have any money. "It all makes sense how she's pimped him out to write the memoir, she needed that money - they got a $20 million advance on Spare. "And she's crying all the way to the bank now because they've got that, they've got the $100 million Netflix deal, they've got a $50 million Spotify deal." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan warned they will be 'booed in the streets'  It comes as Meghan and Harry have been asked to "vacate" their UK home just weeks after Harry's damning book Spare was released, the couple have confirmed. Harry and Meghan's spokesperson said a "request" had been made for the Sussexes to give up Frogmore Cottage close to Windsor Castle. Reports have claimed the move was sanctioned by the King and it will remove their remaining foothold in the UK and further weaken ties with the royal family. The decision is likely to be interpreted as a major rebuke by Charles to his son, who since moving to North America in 2020 has criticised the monarchy and individuals within the institution alleging racism and a lack of support. With the couple's permanent UK base now gone, there will be speculation about whether they will receive an invite to the King's coronation on May 6. A spokesperson for the couple said: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." The move comes after Harry's controversial autobiography was released in January which claimed the duke's brother, the Prince of Wales, physically attacked him and that Charles put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of Meghan. Reports of a fractious friendship between Meghan and the Princess of Wales were confirmed in Spare, with Harry recounting how the princess, pregnant at the time with Prince Louis, said she was owed an apology from his wife who had previously commented Kate was suffering from "baby brain" due to her "hormones". DON'T MISS Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction [INSIGHT]Americans brand Harry and Meghan's date night in LA 'a PR stunt' [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Harry's apology demand from brother and King 'delusional' [ANALYSIS] In a series of interviews to promote his memoirs, Harry gave an unflinching assessment of the Queen Consort, but also sympathised with the royal - describing her as not an "evil stepmother" in an interview with ABC's Good Morning America. The duchess said in an interview with The Cut magazine published last year, that "just by existing" she and Harry were "upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy" before they stepped down as working royals in 2020. The first, in-depth details about their troubled relationship with the royal family were revealed in a dramatic interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. Meghan and Harry laid bare their brief life as a working royal couple alleging a member of the family - not the late Queen or Duke of Edinburgh - made a racist comment about their son. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews