Alex Scott has responded to rumours linking her with a Match of the Day (MOTD) presenting role as Gary Lineker prepares to step back. Fellow BBC pundit Micah Richards is among those to have come out in support of Lineker by claiming that he would have snubbed Saturday's show if he was in line to appear. Reports indicate that withdrawing from presenting duties was not Lineker's decision, but rather a choice made by the BBC due to the former England footballer's reluctance to apologise for a Tweet about the government's asylum policy. Lineker upset Home Secretary Suella Braverman by likening her new asylum approach to Nazi Germany. A BBC spokesperson revealed on Friday that his comments broke editorial guidelines and talks had been ongoing to reach an agreement on future social media use. A host of MOTD regulars stood in solidarity with Lineker once the news emerged. Ian Wright was the first to go public, promptly followed by Alan Shearer, who was due to appear alongside the former Arsenal striker on this Saturday's episode. Don't miss... Shearer joins Lineker and Wright in MOTD exodus as BBC row rages on [LATEST] Richards, who played for the likes of Manchester City, Aston Villa and England, has also made his feelings clear against the BBC by Tweeting: "I was not due to be working on MOTD tomorrow, but if I was, I would find myself taking the same decision that Ian Wright and Alan Shearer have." Another regular fixture, Jermaine Jenas, issued a similar statement on social media. The uncertainty around the programme, which Lineker has presented since 1999, has left many to wonder who could appear on Saturday's show. Read more... Lineker may be replaced by one of five MOTD candidates after BBC spat [COMMENT] Cristiano Ronaldo trolled as Al-Nassr opponents belt out Messi chant [LATEST] Four clubs that could sign Tottenham star Richarlison after Conte rant [TRANSFERS] Further questions remain on who may take Lineker's place on a permanent basis if he is not reinstated. Ex-Lionesses star Scott was considered among the front-runners, but she appears to have removed herself from the running with a cryptic Twitter post. Along with the caption 'FYI...', she posted a short GIF of American politician Bernie Sanders saying: "Nah, not me." A wave of sports stars have come out in support of those turning their backs on the forthcoming MOTD episode, although former Southampton striker Matt Le Tissier went against the grain by calling for 'consistency'.  "It's really interesting as Ian is taking a stand for his mate and fellow TV worker," he told GB News. "But what's really interesting about it is that if you go back three years and have a look at the reaction of Ian Wright to the sacking of myself, Phil Thompson and Charlie Nicholas and you will see that reaction is completely contradictory to the way he acted to this. "It's all very well taking this stand but you know, let's show a bit of consistency with this Wrighty. If you're watching you know what I'm on about." The BBC refused to add further comment when approached by Express Sport.