Victor Osimhen has been given the seal of approval to join Manchester United by former Red Devils star Odion Ighalo. Prolific Napoli striker Osimhen previously turned down the Premier League club out of ‘respect’ for Ighalo. United have been strongly linked with the 24-year-old as their long-term centre-forward. Osimhen’s 21 goals for Napoli this season has attracted the attention of some of Europe’s biggest clubs. Former United attacker Ighalo has urged the club to sign his fellow Nigerian in the summer. The 33-year-old believes Osimhen could form a deadly duo with Marcus Rashford. He told Sky Sports News: "I think it's a good fit because he's a young boy, he runs and he scores goals. Having Osimhen and Rashford in the top at Manchester United will cause any defender panic, because they're two fast players and they're goalscorers." JUST IN... Marcus Rashford blasts Man Utd 'nonsense' after Liverpool loss [LATEST] It comes three years after United first registered their interest in Osimhen. When the player was still at Lille, the Red Devils attempted to sign him in January 2020. However, Osimhen turned down the approach out of ‘respect’ for Ighalo, who was still a United player. According to Osimhen’s brother, Andrew, he did not want to compete with Ighalo for a place in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s team. Osimhen joined Napoli later that year. “It is very true that Manchester United wanted Victor,” Andrew reportedly said in September 2020. “But he told me something like he had too much respect for Odion Ighalo to be competing for shirts with his senior colleague. "My brother holds Ighalo in high esteem and he just didn’t see himself going to Old Trafford to battle for a striking role with the highest goal-scorer at the 2019 AFCON in Egypt.” DON'T MISS... Man Utd boss Ten Hag addresses Fernandes doubts after Anfield meltdown [LATEST] Man Utd set for Henderson 'meeting' as Ten Hag makes his mind up [GOSSIP] FIFA clear the path for Qatar takeover of Man Utd [MAN UTD TAKEOVER] United have often preferred to sign older, short-term strikers. Until recently, Edinson Cavani and Cristiano Ronaldo were their main options for the position. But both have since departed and Wout Weghorst was signed on loan for the remainder of the campaign. United are expected to target a younger forward in the summer, with Osimhen apparently high on their shortlist. United have been short of goals in comparison to their fellow Premier League title chasers. Their 41 league goals are 18 fewer than Arsenal's and 25 fewer than Manchester City's. Marcus Rashford is the club’s top scorer this season with 25 goals across all competitions. Bruno Fernandes is next on the list with seven, while Fred, Anthony Martial and Antony have six each.