Liverpool's summer transfer hopes have been given a huge financial boost with the club announcing a new four-year shirt deal with Expedia. The full-service travel website has featured as Liverpool's sleeve sponsor since 2020, with the initial deal reported to be worth £9million per year. Discussions had been taking place over an extension on the current agreement for several months with the deal set to expire at the end of the season. And there's been a breakthrough in talks with a four-year deal now agreed for Expedia to continue as the club's sleeve sponsor until 2027. It's claimed that the deal is worth double what the previous agreement was, amounting to around £18m per year. Over the four years, that would amount to £72m in a huge boost to Liverpool's on-field plans. "We’re thrilled to announce the extension of our partnership with Expedia for another four years," said Liverpool commercial director Ben Latty. "Travel is an incredibly important part of our fans’ matchday experience, so we are proud to have a world leader in travel as part of the LFC family. "We look forward to continuing to work with Expedia, creating more moving content and enhancing our fans’ overall matchday experience." The deal comes just days after Liverpool owner John Henry promised continued investment in Jurgen Klopp's playing squad. The FSG chief made it clear that they want to spend in a "responsible manner" and want to be "investing wisely" in the market. Klopp appeared to agree with Henry's comments in his pre-match press conference on Friday while indicating that changes will be made this summer. Don't miss... Liverpool have Darwin Nunez headache for defining three-game run [LATEST] Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [LATEST] Man Utd transfer plans have been 'changed by Harry Kane and Casemiro' [LATEST] "John is right. If you have a look at the players we've brought in in the last couple of transfer windows - Luis, Darwin and Cody," he said. "I think that Sadio, Bobby and Mo together were for quite a while one of the best front three in world football. "Sadio left in the summer and we'll see what happens to Bobby in the summer but Mo is left pretty much. But we replaced them and Diogo came in that time so I think that's investment. It's wise investment, it's responsible investment. That's what you wanted and what we needed. "This year they were unfortunately for most of the time injured, that didn't help obviously but they were here anyway. This has to be in a similar manner, we will do that for other parts of the team and that will be possible. That's all."