The BBC has pulled Gary Lineker off the air after a ferocious backlash over his tweets about government migrant policy. The broadcaster's best-paid presenter - who raked in £1.3m in 2022 - will not front Match of the Day until an "agreed and clear position" is reached on how he uses social media. Lineker had compared the new migration policy to the tactics of Nazi Germany in tweets earlier this week. After sharing a video from the Home Office featuring Suella Braverman, the BBC presenter wrote: "There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?"  As a BBC employee, Lineker is expected to be impartial. Today the BBC said it believed that his "recent social media activity" had been a breach of guidelines and that he should "keep away from taking sides on party political or political controversies". The government announced new plans to stop migrants arriving by boat earlier this week. Fresh legislation will stop those using unofficial routes from claiming asylum while people who arrive in the UK without authorisation will be deported. So far this year 3,000 people have crossed the Channel with around 45,000 coming in in 2022. The policy has attracted criticism from human rights charities and high-profile campaigners, including some celebrities. Do you agree with the BBC's decision? Have your say in the comments HERE. Reaction to the decision to take Lineker off air has been mixed. Some fans were unhappy including @Dedwoods who wrote: "@GaryLineker Do not back down. You speak for millions. The #BBC has got this spectacularly wrong." @adam_J_Gatsby_7 fumed: "What an absolute disgrace, I expect to see #FionaBruceIsATory binned off as well then. The hypocrisy is pathetic. I fully stand with @GaryLineker." (sic) Others, however, backed the BBC. "If Gary Lineker wants to be paid his £1.35M from the license fee, he has to observe BBC rules on impartiality. If he’s happy to stop trousering that cash, he can be as loose on social media as he pleases," @StrontiumDog01 raged.  Don't miss... The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [LATEST] Bargain Hunt expert shares disappointment over valuation [INSIGHT] Emmerdale heartbreak for Belle as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [SPOILERS] @Mr___Ree added: "This Gary Lineker business isn’t about free speech. "Loads of employers have rules on social media use. If you break those rules you risk disciplinary or the sack. If you don’t like it, don’t sign the contract." @42marbles_ went on to complain: "Absolute disgrace stopping Gary Lineker from doing his job for expressing an opinion that the government don’t like, he’s not beholden to BBC impartiality rules because he’s not in news and what he said was true anyway, this actually supports his point."  Gary is yet to comment on the news on social media, but in one of his latest tweets, he told his followers he was looking forward to presenting MOTD this weekend. In view of his 8.7 million followers, he wrote: "Well, it’s been an interesting couple of days. "Happy that this ridiculously out of proportion story seems to be abating and very much looking forward to presenting @BBCMOTD on Saturday. "Thanks again for all your incredible support. It’s been overwhelming." (sic)