A climate change protester has been jailed for his part in blocking traffic on a busy motorway as part of an Insulate Britain campaign. Stephen Pritchard was given a five week prison sentence at Inner London Crown Court this morning.  Pritchard, 63, from Bath, was jailed over a demonstration which saw him and several others disrupt 10,000 vehicles at Junction 3 of the M4 motorway on October 1 2021. His co-defendants - former probation officer Ruth Cook, 71, gardener Roman Paluch-Machnik, 29, and carpenter Oliver Rock, 42 - were each given six-week sentences suspended for 18 months on the proviso they do not offend again. The three were also ordered to serve 100 hours' community service. Judge Silas Reid said Pritchard, a former parish councillor, was being jailed because he previously told the court that he would not stop taking part in disruptive action as a matter of "conscience".   The other three defendants previously said they had been deterred from future disruptive protest action by experiences in court and prison. Judge Reid told Pritchard: "It is not appropriate for me to suspend the inevitable sentence... you will serve up to half of your sentence in prison." Speaking to all four defendants, he said: "None of you have shown any remorse for your actions and in fact wear them with pride." The 2021 protest saw some of the defendants glue themselves to the tarmac on the M4 close to Heathrow Airport in west London, disrupting traffic flow in both directions for around two hours. READ MORE: Fury as council will not say if travellers got parking fines  Pritchard represented himself in court and said during mitigation: “I consider peaceful civil resistance to be the most responsible thing I can do. "For me it’s no longer an option to sit on the sofa watching David Attenborough speak about the destruction of the natural world. "The most responsible thing to do is carry on the peaceful, nonviolent civil resistance. "The judiciary is inadequate to the situation. I had been able to speak freely, to have freedom of speech to the jury."    Don't miss... Scientist warns UK could be hit by 'mega tsunami at any time' [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle ridiculed by SNL as 'Hollywood is laughing at her' [WATCH] US Navy aircraft breaches Iranian airspace as it 'goes off course' [REPORT] Addressing Judge Reid, he added: "I am disappointed in myself for going through this trial and obeying your rulings. I am disappointed that I didn’t speak the truth about the significance of insulation."I think that your rulings are amoral and irrational. People’s lives are being lost. "The only possible way I could imagine stopping peaceful civil resistance in this context is for you to tell me this country has stopped pumping carbon emissions into the air." Insulate Britain says that the sentence was going to be one of six weeks but the judge reduced it to five because of the levels of overcrowding in UK prisons. 