The Met Office has issued a snow and ice warning for Monday and Tuesday as wintry conditions are set to return this week. The yellow weather alert, which is in place from 5pm Monday until 10am Tuesday morning, warns commuters of travel delays and disruptions due to the adverse weather conditions.     Many areas across the UK, except the south of England, are expected to experience snow and freezing rain as temperatures plummet once again. Monday morning will stay windy, with coastal gales, widespread showers and snow in some parts of northern and central Scotland. The showers will be concentrated over northern and central parts, forecasters have predicted. It will be mostly mild cold in the far north, however, the real feel is expected to be chillier due to the bitter wind. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton failed F1 dream explained as 30-year wait goes on  Northern Scotland will see rain and hill snow giving way to ice rain and sleet during the afternoon. Elsewhere, most places can expect further showers, but southern Scotland, Northern Ireland, western England and Wales will see more persistent rain moving in, with snow on northern hills. Tuesday will bring sunshine and widespread icy showers. Forecasters have predicted Tuesday to be cold along with bitter winds.  Don't miss... Teacher pleads guilty for sex with teen pupil but avoids jail [REVEAL] Eighteen female guards fired for having affairs with inmates [LATEST] Russia attacks Ukrainian town with 'thermite bombs'  [INSIGHT] The Met Office weather warning says snow and ice rain is expected in northern parts of the UK. The weather service added: “An area of rain will turn to sleet and snow from the north, initially over Scotland, and then over northern England during Monday evening. “Accumulating snow will mostly be above 200-300 m, but possibly to lower levels in Scotland for a time, with 2-5 cm in places. “Sleet and snow clearing southeastwards overnight into Tuesday, with temperatures then falling and ice forming, particularly on untreated surfaces.” Areas affected include Central, Tayside & Fife, East Midlands, North East England, North West England, SW Scotland, Lothian Borders, StrathclydeWales, West Midlands, Yorkshire & Humber and Wales.