Manchester United’s Mason Greenwood has been tipped to have a “very bright future” after his decision to turn down an opportunity to represent Jamaica. The one-time England international can play for Jamaica after qualifying on his mother’s side, but the 21-year-old is reportedly keen to resurrect his career with the Three Lions. United are undertaking their own investigation and Greenwood is awaiting to hear whether he will be reintegrated into the team, having not played for either club or country for over a year. The Sun claim he will not be selected for England under Gareth Southgate. The news prompted suggestions that Greenwood could ply his trade for a different national team, having made just the one cap for England. The United man made his debut for his country in 2020 during a Nations League match with Iceland, but was sent home the next day after he and Phil Foden brought two women back to the team hotel and breached Covid rules. However, Greenwood has apparently rejected the chance to change allegiances and represent Jamaica, despite the country’s federation having a high opinion of him. Jamaica Football Federation boss Dennis Chung said: “He is only 21 and so has a very bright future ahead of him and I think he will add value to any team he is on.” Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Greenwood is eligible to change his national team as FIFA’s rules that were put in place in 2020 stated that those with no more than three competitive senior games before the age of 21 can swap their country. They also need to have not played in the final stage of an official tournament such as the World Cup and have let at least three years pass since their last senior appearance for their previous national team can switch to a different country. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Greenwood’s club future remains up in the air also, as United are considering their options while The Athletic have claimed that a phased return to the first team remains an option. In this case, he would reportedly be encouraged to take part in counselling or therapy sessions in addition to a TV interview. Loan offers have been reported from clubs with their transfer markets still open such as Turkey.