Manchester United are keen to sign both Harry Kane and Mason Mount this summer and the pair might not be the only England internationals who join this summer. Southampton defender Kyle Walker-Peters could be a useful addition to add depth in both full-back positions. Erik ten Hag has previously made clear that he would like to sign Englishmen if possible and the former Tottenham defender could be a handy option. Speaking in July following the signing of Lisandro Martinez, Ten Hag suggested he would like to target English players however admitted he had been put off by the prices. An ‘English tax’ is often said to apply to home-based stars with many feeling players from England go for bigger money in comparison to those from other nations of similar ability as a result of their nationality. "I would like to sign English players because I think there is only one criteria and that's quality in combination with the price," Ten Hag explained at the time. "It looks like English players are quite expensive. It's a fact you cannot deny. In the end, it's about quality." However, things could be set to change this summer. The Guardian reports that Kane and Mount are two of Ten Hag’s top targets as he seeks to challenge for the Premier League title next season. Read more... Chelsea set 'Mason Mount asking price' as Man Utd and Liverpool circle [LATEST] The pair are unlikely to come cheap with the Tottenham talisman carrying a price tag of at least £80million despite his contract running out in just over a year’s time, Meanwhile, Mount has been valued at around £50m with the midfielder in the same position contractually at Stamford Bridge. Should the duo arrive United’s transfer funds are likely to be limited with the club under some pressure from financial fair play regulations even if a big-money takeover was to be completed. As a result, they could be looking for cut-price alternatives in other positions. Don't miss... Carragher tells Tottenham it 'makes sense' to sell Kane to Man Utd [ANALYSIS] Man Utd icon Beckham made view on Glazers clear on Old Trafford return [THROWBACK] Facundo Pellistri leaves Hargreaves 'amazed' but also baffled in spell [REACTION] This is where Walker-Peters could come in. United may be on the lookout for a backup right-back in the summer if Aaron Wan Bissaka is allowed to depart. The Southampton man would likely be available on a cut-price deal should the Saints get relegated from the Premier League. He would also be able to provide cover for Luke Shaw and Tyrell Malacia on the left. It remains to be seen whether or not Ten Hag will investigate the possibility with the focus currently on extending Diogo Dalot’s deal however he could be an interesting option should United find themselves in need of a new full-back. And that would see United sign three more England internationals - with Walker-Peters winning two caps in 2022 - to add to Shaw, Rashford, Sancho and Harry Maguire, though the latter could leave this summer.