Chelsea star Thiago Silva has labelled the Best FIFA awards “a joke” after Manchester City striker Julian Alvarez finished ahead of Neymar and Mohamed Salah. Lionel Messi was crowned the men’s player of the year ahead of Kylian Mbappe and Karim Benzema at the award ceremony in Paris on Monday night. A total of 14 players were initially nominated for the player of the year award, having been selected by a panel of experts. Votes were then cast by international managers, captains, journalists and fans, with voters being asked to select their top three players in order. Incredibly, Alvarez finished seventh in the standings and received more votes than a whole host of other stars, with Neymar down in ninth, Kevin de Bruyne finishing in 10th and Salah ending the night in 14th. That’s despite the fact the 23-year-old only moved to the Etihad Stadium last summer and has been mainly used as a substitute for the Citizens. Alvarez’s finishing position was criticised by digital creator ofuiclear on Instagram. And Chelsea defender Silva showed his anger at the decision as he replied by posting: “Joke right there.” JUST IN: Tottenham strike F1 partnership with mission to achieve Hamilton dream Alvarez spent the first half of 2022 at River Plate, despite officially signing for City last January. Since arriving in England, he has started just six of his side’s 25 Premier League matches and has found the back of the net on five occasions. The striker did star for Argentina at last year’s World Cup in Qatar, however, as he was named in their starting line-up for five of their seven matches. The ace netted two goals in Argentina’s 3-0 semi-final victory over Croatia and played 103 minutes of the final as his country defeated France to lift the trophy after a penalty shootout.  Alvarez is currently behind blockbuster star Erling Haaland in the City pecking order but has impressed when called upon this season. And on Tuesday night he grabbed an assist as the Citizens defeated Bristol City 3-0 in the fifth round of the FA Cup courtesy of two goals from Phil Foden and a strike from Kevin De Bruyne. Alvarez scored his first FA Cup goal during his side’s 4-0 third round thrashing of Chelsea in January. And following that match, City boss Pep Guardiola lauded the star as he explained: “I missed his happiness. He helped us a lot, with the World Cup. “He played really, really well. I said many times, we are now still in four competitions, so we need all the squad. Everyone is humble to accept the minutes for the team, they will be welcome to be part of this team.” 