Liverpool have up to seven names - including three current Premier League stars - on their centre-back wish-list ahead of a potential transfer splurge in the summer transfer window, reports claim. Jurgen Klopp has already conceded that Liverpool will be incredibly active in the market as they simply have no other choice but to spend if they are to improve on this season's underwhelming campaign. Their rollercoaster start to 2023 has highlighted the need for defensive reinforcements having shipped three goals to Brentford, Brighton and Wolves respectively before conceding five goals against Real Madrid last week in the Champions League. Virgil van Dijk hasn't been performing at the top of his game while Joe Gomez and Joel Matip have lacked consistency. Ibrahima Konate has been good in spells but the Frenchman cannot seem to stay fit having experienced a number of niggles. Nonetheless, Goal say Liverpool are ready to invest in a new central defender with both Gomez and Matip facing uncertain futures at the club. READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final  READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final It's claimed RB Leipzig's Josko Gvardiol is among the names of strong interest although the Croatian is expected to cost up to £100million. Elsewhere, Chelsea's Levi Colwill - on loan at Brighton - has caught the eye but the Seagulls are expected to explore a permanent deal. West Ham's Moroccan international star Nayef Aguerd is also reportedly of interest to the Reds. The World Cup starlet has been excellent since returning to full fitness in east London after a rough start to life in claret and blue. READ MOREVirgil van Dijk speaks out after Jamie Carragher rant with Liverpool stars 'angry' at lossJamie Carragher 'after soundbites' as Man Utd icon Andy Cole berates Haaland commentsLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinised Liverpool have also been scouting Everton's Jarrad Branthwaite, who is really catching the eye in Holland at PSV. Branthwaite has developed a knack of scoring goals under Ruud van Nistelrooy and he looks set to return to the Premier League next season either with Everton or elsewhere. Torino's Perr Schuurs, who captained Ajax against Liverpool under Erik ten Hag in the Champions League, is another name of interest to the Anfield hierarchy. Portuguese duo Antonio Silva (Benfica) and Goncalo Inacio (Sporting) are also being placed under the microscope as two of the Primeira Liga's standout talents. Liverpool boss Klopp is adamant the club must get things right in the summer transfer market as he cited the importance of qualifying for the Champions League “It is not helpful,” Klopp said of failing to qualify for Europe's elite club competition. “Money always has an impact but this cannot be that much of an impact, let me say it like this." He later added: “It is still about finding the right players, not about bringing in a lot, and thank God in the world of football there are a lot of right players. "Not all of them are affordable or want to come but there are a lot of really good players out there. The only reason I don’t like to talk about that now is because there are still a lot of games to play. This team is the basis for all what we do and it was always the basis for all what we do."