The Republican Party has launched an investigation into the rape and murder of 20-year-old Kayla Hamilton by a suspected MS-13 gang member. The undocumented 17-year-old was arrested in January, six months after the death, and charged with Kayla's murder, as well as rape and robbery. The unnamed teen was arrested before the killing at the US-Mexico border but allowed to stay in the US to live with an aunt. US Immigration and Customs Enforcement said the El Salvador national, whose name has not been revealed because of his age, was listed as a member of the Mara Salvatrucha (MS-13), an international criminal gang. The House Judiciary Committee has now launched a probe into the murder of the autistic Maryland woman as they slammed the Biden administration for its "open border policies." Committee members Jim Jordan and Tom McClintock also called for the Health and Human Services Department to answer for Kayla's death. Police were called to a house in Aberdeen, Maryland, on July 24, 2022 to respond to a suspected cardiac arrest episode. READ MORE: Trump blasts DeSantis’ record on elderly and welfare: ‘Wheelchair over cliff kind of guy’ Kayla was pronounced dead shortly after and the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner determined she had been strangled to death. In a letter to Health and Human Services Secretary Xavier Becerra, Republican representatives voiced their outrage at the 17-year-old being released into his aunt's custody after he was arrested at the border. They said: "The Biden administration's open border policies have created vulnerabilities that criminal aliens and gangs member exploit to the detriment of American citizens." The Aberdeen Police Department said Kayla had moved to the city with her 22-year-old boyfriend shortly before her murder, which happened three days after her birthday. The swathe of new arrivals has put incredible pressure on border officials, who have been pushed to process and transfer the minors as quickly as possible to the care of the Department of Health and Human Services. Once under the HHS, the undocumented child is assigned a case worker who seeks a sponsor in the US to take charge of the child. But Nobles slammed the policy, saying Kayla's suspected killer "should have never been allowed in." The 17-year-old was indicted on Tuesday for 11 charges in the murder of Kayla Hamilton, including first-degree murder, robbery and rape. He will be tried as an adult. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews