As the General Secretary of the Free Speech Union, I’ve been campaigning against the recording of ‘non-crime hate incidents’ by the police for three years so I’m delighted the Home Secretary has produced this draft guidance. She hasn’t done away with the practice altogether, but if the police follow her advice to use their common sense and have due regard to the right to freedom of expression before recording an NCHI this is a huge win. I don’t think people realise how many NCHIs have been recorded in England and Wales since the College of Policing first issued its Hate Crime Operational Guidance in 2014. That document made it mandatory for the police to record any report of a ‘hate incident’ as an NCHI, often in such a way that it can show up against a person’s name if an employer asks to see an enhanced criminal records check before offering them a job. It was a gold-embossed invitation for left-wing political activists to make vexatious complaints against anyone who said something they disagreed with, weaponising the guidance to enlist the help of the police in silencing their opponents. In the five years following the publication of that document, 120,000 NCHIs were recorded. That’s an average of 66 per day between 2014-19 and there’s no reason to think the number has declined since. We’re not talking about attempts to stir up hatred on the grounds of race, religion or sexual orientation or people hurling racial abuse at football players on Twitter. Those are actual hate crimes, prohibited by law. No, the records we’re talking about are ‘non-crimes’, i.e., comparatively trivial episodes that, for the most part, the police should not be wasting their time on. For instance, the four boys accused of ‘desecrating’ a copy of the Quran at Kettlethorpe High School in Wakefield two weeks ago – in reality, one of the boys accidentally dropped a copy, causing minor scuffing – had NCHIs recorded against their names by West Yorkshire Police after local Muslim ‘community leaders’ kicked up an almighty fuss. And unlike actual crimes, ‘non-crimes’ are not automatically deleted from a child’s criminal record when they reach the age of 18. So this new Code of Practice is long overdue. Not only does it caution the police to think very carefully before recording an NCHI against a person’s name, but it instructs them not to record them against schoolchildren. “All efforts should be made to avoid a chilling effect on free speech,” it says. Amen to that. One person who deserves huge credit is the ex-copper Harry Miller, who had an NCHI recorded against his name in 2019 when a trans activist complained about him tweeting a comic verse about transwomen. Harry took Humberside Police and the College of Policing to court – first to the High Court, then to the Court of Appeal, backed by the Free Speech Union – and his courageous battle against this unlawful interference in his free speech has helped us win this victory.