A mum of one from Wisconsin claimed she was dreaming when she stabbed her sleeping ex-boyfriend 19 times, court documents show. Morgan Lund, 21, told officers at the scene that she thought she saw something and is afraid there is "something wrong with my head." The 21-year-old mum pleaded not guilty to the alleged attack on her boyfriend and father of her child, on February 18, claiming mental illness. When officers arrived at the scene, they saw Lund applying pressure to the victim's wounds. She "had the appearance of blood coating both of her legs, her feet, both forearms, and the back and front of her hands", according to a police report. The report said that the victim asked Lund: "What the f*** is wrong with you? Why in my sleep, bro?"   She responded, "I thought I saw something." The victim replied: "No!" Police also say the victim said he was injured "all over, on my back on my chest, everywhere."  Lund told officers she thought she saw something when she attacked her unidentified ex and worried that there was "something wrong" with her head. The young mum said she woke up at around 6:30am and took the baby to the living room, where her ex was sleeping, but claims she then has a "muddled memory" of what happened next. READ MORE: Man and woman charged with murder over death of one-year-old boy  The document says: "She had a muddled memory of something that might have been a dream, or her imagination, but she thought [victim] was yelling at their daughter." Lund then said she thought she saw a dark, non-human "figure", that she had been hallucinating for around six months, and started attacking it, which turned out to be her ex sleeping on the sofa, the report says. She stabbed the victim 19 times with a pair of scissors until he was able to fight her off. He told police he thought he was going to die. Lund said she didn't know "what was happening", and told cops "she had a dream", the report states. Don't miss... Man ‘kills 15-year-old daughter’ in nightmare killing [LATEST] Aristocrat 'had named baby girl she's charged with killing Victoria' [COMMENT] Child injured after man sexually assaulted mum pushing pram in park [INSIGHT] It is not the first time the young Wisconsin mum had been violent towards her ex, during their three-year relationship, her ex said. The report said: "[The victim] stated that throughout their relationship Morgan was very abusive, hitting him on several occasions. He reported that they constantly fight and argue. "He stated they argue on a daily basis, but [he] shuts the argument down because he does not want to be involved with her any longer. She has threatened him in the past, but has never threatened to kill him as far as he is aware." Lund, who is currently being held in jail on a $250,000 bond for attempted first-degree murder, will next appear in court on April 13. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews