On Wednesday’s instalment of Love Island, the villa was rocked when host Maya Jama made an unexpected appearance at their beach club party. Interrupting their evening, the presenter told the islanders the public had been voting for the most compatible couple. With Olivia and Maxwell finding out they’d be leaving, the host revealed they’d be given an incredible power before going. The islanders were thrilled during Wednesday night’s episode after they got a text informing them they were heading out to an Island Beach Club party. After a week of high drama in the villa, following the love triangle with Rosie, Claudia Fogarty and Casey O'Gorman and drama with Jessie Wynter over accusations she was fake, the villa was in need of a good time. As the party got into full swing, they danced by the pool enjoying some drinks to unwind after a stressful few days, however, the atmosphere quickly shifted. Appearing on the balcony of the Beach Club, host Maya Jama told the islanders: “You all look like you’re having a cute little time.  READ MORE:BBC Radio 2’s Zoe Ball thought Ken Bruce 'nearly ran her over on bike' “Sorry to crash the party, could you all line up in your couples, please? "I’m sure you’re all asking yourselves why I’m here, I’ve got some very important news. “The public have been voting for the most compatible couple. The couples with the fewest votes risk being dumped from the Island tonight  It was revealed Olivia and Maxwell, Claudia and Keanan, Rosie and Casey, and Tanya and Shaq were all at risk of being sent home. The first couple announced to be leaving the show immediately was Olivia and Maxwell with Maya confessing there were two more islanders set to leave. Asking Olivia how she felt, she said: “Obviously it’s sad to leave these guys but I found what I came looking for.” However, in a brutal twist, the host stated the decision would be down to Olivia and Maxwell on which couple would be booted out along with them. DON'T MISS... Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION] Love Island backlash as ITV2 hit with Ofcom complaints [LOVE ISLAND] Piers Morgan clashes with royal guest as King Charles gets 'political' [VIDEO]   It wasn’t long before viewers took to social media to slam the show for giving Olivia the power after being eliminated with many convinced she "has ties" to the production. Electraems commented: “Nah this is the last straw with how much love this show has given to Olivia, someone on that production team is her dad or something and the favouritism is out of hand.” Simsheadd slammed: “The plot twist doesn’t even make sense. They knew they couldn’t save their production pet anymore so they wanted to give her an upper hand in something before she left.” Pxo_xox added: “Olivia definitely knows someone in the production team cause even dumped she has power over everyone.”   Caprisza tweeted: “She’s definitely got parents in that production team or something.” Adoomies3 swiped: “LMFAOOO not they dumped Olivia to satisfy us but then gave her one last bit of control??! She definitely had connections in production. Wtf.” Km2_marie slammed: “@LoveIsland .@itv #loveIsland I'm disgusted the public voted them out and then you #loveIsland give her back the power #Liv disgusted.” Due to the conflict earlier in the series between Olivia and Kai, many fans fear she could choose to dump him out of revenge for recoupling in Casa Amor. Love Island continues weekdays on ITV from 9pm.   