With spring just around the corner, many of us will be getting a head start on our spring-cleaning routine. According to a study last year, more than 93 percent of British households invest in a major spring-cleaning exercise at least once a year. Spring cleaning often involves tackling those jobs we put off throughout the year like oven cleaning, dusting behind furniture and washing our cushion covers. One item we don’t clean often enough is our sofas despite how much time we spend on them; researchers found the average person will sit on the sofa for around 16 hours each week. Furthermore, a new study by Dr. Beckmann found that almost a quarter of Britons admitted they would throw away their stained sofa instead of getting it cleaned. With this in mind, sofa bed manufacturers Sofabed.co.uk, have shared a selection of cost-efficient tips for your sofa, helping you to keep it clean and well-maintained. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p Steve Hamblett, owner of sofabed.co.uk said: “Fabric surfaces like upholstery, should be refreshed monthly. “The trick is to vacuum - whether your sofa is made of leather or fabric, use the soft brush attachment on your vacuum to remove any loose dust or debris that has accumulated on the surface or in the spaces between the cushions of your sofa. “If your seats or backs aren't fixed, remove any scatter cushions and the sofa cushions. “By doing this, you'll be able to reach underneath and along the edges to vacuum up any loose debris that could scuff or harm your sofa coverings.” DON'T MISSGardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]‘Increase the size’ of orchid blooms with popular bath item [UPDATE]Neighbours fume as homeowner could possibly keep 'eyesore' extension [ANALYSIS] We don’t often look under our sofas but it’s actually one of the worst places for dust, dirt and fluff buildup. Dust, if ignored, can leave lasting stains on upholstery. Get into the routine of hoovering under there regularly. Stains are common on sofas due to mucky hands, muddy paws and drink spillages. However, the trick to removing stains is tackling them quickly. Steve explained: “Although we always recommend reading the care advice before you begin cleaning, using a gentle dish soap can be an effective method for removing stains on linen or fabric-covered sofas. READ MORE: 37p household staple ‘works best’ for cleaning shower screens Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Simply prepare a solution of warm water and soft soap, then gently wipe the area with a sponge. Avoid rubbing it in or using abrasive cleaners because doing so will probably make the stain worse. “You can remove any minor blemishes or marks with a soft and clean microfibre cloth. If your sofa is made of leather, then apply a conditioner to it. “We recommend that you condition your leather sofa at least twice a year to prevent cracking and to help keep the leather feeling incredibly soft.” To keep sofas smelling fresh and clean, the experts suggest sprinkling bicarbonate of soda on the sofa before going to bed. In the morning, after the powder has soaked in and removed any odours, vacuum up the powder. “The baking soda will neutralise the smell, leaving your sofa fresh and odour-free,” said Steve. Try placing cushions in the sun for up to three hours to dry out the moisture trapped in the cushion, remembering to flip them after an hour and a half. Then, fluff them up and straighten any seams. This should keep them looking their best. Steve said: “The colours of the leather and the cloth may fade more quickly than expected if it is in direct sunlight so position your sofa in shaded areas to avoid this. “Also, make sure your sofa has an easy-to-wipe-clean cover if you have an open floor plan so it can resist culinary odours. “Whenever feasible, keep furniture as far away from any food preparation as possible to avoid issues with odour.”