Rishi Sunak has been warned against raising the boundary age for free prescriptions, with campaigners claiming it would be "economic madness". The Government debated a proposal to increase the age at which prescriptions become free for older people. It was proposed that free prescription charges in England should no longer be free for those below the state pension age of 66. Currently, all those above the age of 60 are eligible for free prescriptions. Pensioners campaign group Silver Voices called on the Government to confirm that the proposals have been scrapped at the March budget, which is set to be unveiled by Chancellor Jeremy Hunt on March 15. Dennis Reed, the group's director, warned that the plans would incur further charges for the NHS as a result of "older people being unable to afford the necessary drugs to maintain their conditions". He also accused the Government of "discriminating" against English patients.  Don't miss... Macron demanding annual payments from UK to tackle small boats crisis [REVEAL] Fury at plan to house migrants in 'inhumane' RAF base [REACTION] Influential Sir Graham Brady steps down after 27 years an MP [INSIGHT] Mr Reed said: "Following on from the scrapping of free TV licences for the over 75s, we always knew that this benefit would also be under threat at some stage. "Such a move would be economic madness, as far greater costs would be incurred for acute NHS services from older people being unable to afford necessary drugs to maintain their conditions. It is also another example of how English patients are discriminated against in comparison to the rest of the UK. "We call on the Chancellor to confirm, in his Budget Speech next week, that this proposal has been scrapped." The Government Junior Minister Neil O’Brien, responding to the debate, refused to deny that the Government was minded to introduce this change. The debate yesterday was prompted by a petition demanding the Government continue to give free NHS prescriptions to over 60s. Responding to the petition in the House of Commons yesterday, Neil O'Brien, Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Primary Care and Public Health, refused to deny that the Government was planning to introduce this change. He said that "85 percent of 60–65-year-olds would be minimally affected" by the plans. Mr O'Brien also refused to deny that prescription charges would be raised from April this year from the current rate of £9-35 per item, saying that "at this point that no decision has been made yet to bring proposals forward". He said the Government wants to ensure everyone in the country can afford their prescriptions, “especially” those most affected by the cost of living pressures, and that the Government have thought “long and hard” on how to balance everyone’s needs. The petition, which closed in February 2022, argues: “Over 60s are generally more susceptible to health issues, and after pension age, have less money available to pay large sums for repeat prescriptions.” In the Government’s initial response to the petition, it said increasing the upper age limit for free prescriptions for people, who previously received free prescriptions based purely on their age rather than their inability to pay, would result in a transfer of resources from people to the NHS. It said the funds could then be spent on improving patient services, resulting in “health benefits for the wider society”. However, the Government noted that at that time (January 2022) it had not yet taken a decision and would continue to weigh up the arguments.