An average three bedroom property will save £3,000 over the course of the 15-year lifetime of a heat pump, compared with gas heating, research suggests. This includes the initial purchase and installation costs, as well as maintenance and running costs for the device. Eco-heating experts from heat pump manufacturer, Daikin UK, said they operate at up to 400 percent efficiency while gas boilers run at 90 percent efficiency. They explained how the devices work, saying: “Heat pumps provide heating and hot water by extracting heat from the air, ground or a water source. “They work like a refrigerator in reverse, connecting directly to a central heating system and feeding heat into radiators, walls, units or underfloor heating.” Savings are even more significant compared with LPG (liquified petroleum gas), as a consumer can save £12,000 over the lifetime of the heat pump compared with this heating source. READ MORE: NS&I announces March 2023 Premium Bonds winners - have you won £1million? Eco-conscious consumers may also find heat pumps to be a good environmentally friendly option. The experts said: “Heat pumps are classed as a low-carbon heating system because they run on electricity, which can be generated by renewable sources such as wind and solar, as opposed to fossil fuels such as gas and oil. “The heat pump generates a large amount of the energy it needs to run itself, making it a form of renewable heating.” Over the lifespan of a heat pump, a typical three bedroom home could save more than 24,000kg of CO2 compared with running a gas boiler.  From 2025, it will become illegal to install gas boilers in new homes, providing another reason to learn about alternative heating sources such as heat pumps. People in England and Wales can get help towards installing heat pumps through the Boiler Upgrade Scheme. This provides grants of £5,000 towards the installation of air source heat pumps and up to £6,000 towards the installation of ground source heat pumps. People in Scotland can apply for a grant of up to £7,500 to install a heat pump through the Home Energy Scotland Scheme. READ MORE: Switching from variable to fixed rate tariff ‘not worth it’ despite energy bills hike An extra £1,500 is available through this scheme for those in rural areas who are installing a heat pump. Average energy bills for a typical household in England, Scotland and Wales are increasing from £2,500 a year to £3,000 a year from April. This is because the cap set by the Government’s energy price guarantee is increasing, with the policy to last for a year from April. Other household bills are also increasing in April, including water bills, council tax, and mobile and broadband bills. Millions of Britons on low incomes are to receive a £900 cost of living payment over the coming financial year, going out to people on certain means-tested benefits. The first instalment will be arriving in people’s bank accounts in Spring 2023. People on disability benefits are to get a separate £150 payment while pensioners are to receive a £300 payment. Benefits including Universal Credit and Pension Credit are going up 10.1 percent from April, as well as the state pension. The full basic state pension is going up from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week while the full new state pension is going up from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week.