A neo-nazi and former US soldier has been locked away for 45 years after plotting to kill his fellow troops. Ethan Phelan Melzer, who used the alias ‘Etil Reggad’ online, was a member of the Order of Nine Angles, a satanist neo-nazi sect who spread online. Sentenced today, the court said Melzer, 24, planned a jihadist attack on his US Army unit in the days leading up to a deployment. He also sent sensitive details about the unit — including information about its location, movements, and security — to members of O9A. “Today’s sentence holds Mr. Melzer accountable for an egregious and shameful act of betrayal against his own military unit and his country,” said Assistant Attorney General Matthew G. Olsen of the Justice Department’s National Security Division. “The Justice Department will use all available resources to disrupt and bring to justice those who would aid foreign terrorist organizations and use violence to harm our men and women in uniform or any American anywhere.” Court documents said that beginning in April 2020, Melzer began communicating on a restricted messaging application with O9A followers. A month later, the FBI said, he “began posting information about his Army unit, stationed in Italy, and its planned redeployment to a US military base in Turkey, in order to inspire a jihadist attack on the unit”. The then-private was arrested by military investigators at the American military base in Vicenza on May 30, 2020, right before the 173rd Airborne’s expected deployment to Turkey. The unit was heading to a military base where they were to guard an isolated and sensitive installation. READ MORE: Joe Biden has 'cancerous' tissue removed Texts, revealed by an FBI informant inside the OPA group chats and reported by Rolling Stone, show ‘Etil Reggad’ embrace fascism and satanic conspiracy theories. In one chilling exchange when asked whether losing his own life the attack bothered him, he said: “Another 10 year war in the Middle East would definitely leave a mark. I would’ve died successfully.” Capt. Joshua Kraus, a military intelligence officer, said information Melzer shared online “with our sworn enemies” will never be able to be recovered and has caused allies to doubt whether they can share sensitive information with the US. Despite initially protesting his innocence, Melzer pleaded guilty to attempting to murder US service members, providing and attempting to provide material support to terrorists, and illegally transmitting national defense information in June last year. When issuing today’s sentence, the judge rejected defence depictions of Melzer as a reformed man and his own claims of remorse, saying it was more likely that the terrorist was “playing another role” in pursuit of leniency at sentencing just as he had “played soldier”. “Melzer betrayed his fellow soldiers and his country,” added Assistant Director Robert R. Wells of the FBI’s Counterterrorism Division. “Americans serving their country overseas should never have to fear a terrorist attack from within their own ranks, and today’s sentence holds him accountable for his deadly plan to attack the brave men and women of the armed forces who protect our nation.” O9A terrorists have also carried out attacks in the UK and Canada, with Guilherme Von Neutegem, a Canadian O9A adherent, facing murder charges in the killing of a man outside of a Toronto mosque in 2020. In the UK, two sisters were stabbed to death in a London park in June 2020 by a young man who, under the influence of a Utah O9A proselytiser, claimed to have made a pact with a demon that required him to spill blood.