Two pilots have died after their military planes horrifically collided mid-air before crashing into a fireball on a residential street in Rome. The pilots of the U-208 aircraft were reportedly killed instantly after the tragic collision. They had been flying over Guidonia Montecelio as part of a pre-planned training exercise. The two aircraft, belonging to the Air Forces' 60th wing, then plunged to the ground near the Guidonia military airport. Two other planes had been accompanying them but thankfully, they were not involved in the accident. One of the aircraft in the horrifying collision smashed into a parked car on the street after it plummeted to the ground, before quickly bursting into flames. The inferno burned between two buildings, forcing the local area to be evacuated. One shocking picture shared online shows a massive blaze and plumes of thick black smoke billowing into the sky. The second plane in the tragic incident reportedly crashed into a nearby field. The pilots of the two planes are understood to have died while trapped in the crumpled wreckages as they fell to the ground. Rescue teams and emergency services were seen assessing the wreckages as officials try to find out what caused the collision. No other injuries resulting from the crash have yet been reported. READ MORE: SAS scour world for hunt for prized Ukraine Howitzer shells  Don't miss... Two children in hospital with one fighting for his life after crash [REPORT] Vigil planned for three people killed in horror crash in Cardiff [LATEST] Moment woman narrowly avoids getting crushed by falling ceiling tile  [VIDEO] Another local added: "It was over my head and I heard the engine stalling after a bang." Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni said of the tragedy: "The news of the death of the two Air Force pilots in the plane crash fills us with sadness. "On behalf of the Government, I express my deepest condolences and my closeness to the families, colleagues of the 60th Wing and the entire Air Force. "Our prayers go out to them."  The propeller-driven U-208 ultralight aircraft are normally used to transport and tow gliders. Terrified onlookers have told how they watched the deadly accident unfold on their doorstep. One person, named only as Simone, told RomaToday: "I saw them crash before my eyes. There were 4 planes. "One lost its wing behind and started spinning on itself until it crashed and caught fire. It seemed they were doing training tests". Additional reporting by Maria Ortega. 