A young child had died in a tragic lorry accident in the Nothern Irish northwestern village of Moira, Northern Ireland, according to local representatives. DUP councillor Caleb McCready said the child's grandmother was pushing him in a stroller when they were both hit by a lorry. The woman, who got trapped under the lorry, has been rushed to the hospital in critical condition. Mr McCready said: "Unfortunately a child has passed away," adding that his "thoughts and prayers are with the families involved at this time". Unofficial sources told Alderman Jim Dillon that the grandmother was crossing the road when the grandmother and the toddler got struck by the lorry, trapping the woman under the lorry. News of the child's death has come as a "dreadful shock" to the local community, he said. The UUP councillor, who knew the lorry driver, added: "I want to express my deepest sympathies to the family concerned and to the lorry driver. It is an absolute tragedy that nobody could have envisaged."  DUP Lagan Valley MP Sir Jeffrey Donaldson joined councillors in passing his condolences on to the family. He said: "For this family to lose a child in such tragic circumstances is just absolutely unthinkable. We think also of the child’s grandmother who was there at the time and we hope that she makes a good recovery. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the family at this time. Clearly, the police will want to investigate the circumstances of this tragic accident. "We will need to examine what road safety implications may arise from this incident".  Main Street is currently closed to traffic, as is the off-ramp from the M1 to Moira. The PSNI and the Fire Service are also present at the scene. DUP councillor Allan Ewart said: "Police are continuing to carry out examinations at the scene and this is causing continuing disruption to traffic in the surrounding area, including the M1 off-slip. "It has already impacted upon some school transport and will likely affect commuter traffic later also." MLA Robbie Butler took to Twitter to say: "In respect of this awful tragedy in Moira earlier can we take a moment to think on the life-changing reality for this dear child’s family? Thoughts and prayers with all connected to this accident." The local ambulance service was called to the incident at 1.42 pm. Two ambulances, two ambulance officers and a hazardous area response team were rushed to the incident. A spokesperson said: "One patient was taken to Royal Victoria Hospital by ambulance." In a social media post, Councillor Owen Gawith advised motorists to avoid attempting to access Main Street. He also stated that the Orange Lodge has agreed to allow vehicles to park in their lot if necessary.