As fans await the continuation of You’s fourth season, many have anticipated where the storyline could go, after part one came to a satisfying conclusion. Many are convinced part two could have a major twist and unveil Lady Phoebe (played by Tilly Keeper) as a murderer.  During the season four, part one finale it was revealed mayoral hopeful, Rhys Montrose (Ed Speelers) was the Eat the Rich killer. He was behind the mysterious murders of Malcolm (Stephen Hagan), Simon (Aidan Cheng) and Gemma (Eve Austin). Rhys was also identified as the one who had been stalking Joe (Penn Badgley) and sending him cryptic messages on a disappearing text app. Despite this, fans have spotted a glaring clue from season four and are certain a second killer will be exposed. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air Redditor u/BreeAB suggested Phoebe could’ve been in on Rhys’ crimes and made the “perfect accomplice”. They speculated: “This might be an unpopular opinion but I’m hoping that Phoebe is in on it somehow. “Throughout the season we see glimpses of her being uncomfortable with how her friends treat the staff and one another and she would be the perfect accomplice. “In one of the first episodes her boyfriend says ‘it’s phoebes world and we’re all just living it’ plus they made her such a big part of the season so far.” After all, Malcolm was killed after Phoebe’s party and Kate (Charlotte Ritchie) uncovered Gemma’s dead body while the group were all staying at Phoebe’s country home mansion. In the comments, u/UnitedSam agreed: “I thought her too at one point - the person no one would suspect because she's too ditzy. “And she's the one who includes Joe (we still don't know what he said to her) plus her guard that Joe killed said ‘is she your next victim?’ so he knew what Joe has done.” U/SouthernBelle1916 added: “I agree and I really hope Phoebe has a bigger part to play in this.” DON'T MISS...Star Trek Picard pays touching tribute to late original star [INSIGHT]YOU fans 'work out' Rhys hallucination theory as they spot clue [THEORY]You star Victoria Pedretti lands new role in Ava duVernay film [INSIGHT]  Although Rhys was a part of the elite and affluent friendship group, he was the only one Joe could relate to as they were the only ones who didn’t grow up wealthy. He also made his distrust for the group known and seemingly only wanted to get close enough to kill them. With his mayoral hopes, Rhys aimed to change London back to the city he grew up in. It was also revealed Rhys was to pin all of the killings on Roald (Ben Wiggins) but wanted Joe to kill him and make it look like a suicide.   As Joe was convinced he was being tormented by Roald, he was close to killing him until Roald pushed him out a window during a heated confrontation. While Joe landed on a bush and survived the fall, fans noted Rhys was absent during the stay in the country home, where Gemma was killed. This could also suggest Phoebe was the second killer even though Kate was holding the murder weapon near Gemma’s body when Joe entered the room. While it is not yet known why Gemma was killed, her death prompted Rhys to admit he was the Eat the Rich Killer.  You seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix. Part two will premiere on Thursday, March 9. 