Tiger Woods' ex has claimed the golf star sexually abused her in an explosive court filing. Erica Herman made the allegations in a lawsuit she is hoping will free her from a non-disclosure agreement she says she was forced to sign. Herman offered no details about the alleged abuse, as the filing only shows she ticked a box under the question "does this case involve allegations of sexual abuse?" Herman argued the deal she struck with Woods during their six-year relationship granted her the right to use and live in the house for a "certain duration of time". In her filing, she insists the NDA she signed when her relationship with Woods began should be voided under the Speak Out Act. The Act states that a non-disclosure agreement cannot be enforced if struck before any dispute involving sexual assault or sexual harassment arises. Express.co.uk has contacted Tiger Woods' representatives for comment. The bombshell filing is one of two lawsuits Herman filed against Woods. She is also suing the golf superstar for $30 million citing "severe" emotional trauma, claiming Woods tricked her to leave their shared home and ultimately locked her out. Herman claims in the file that she was persuaded to go on holiday only to later be informed by his representatives she would no longer be able to access the house when she returned. The 39-year-old also alleged that Woods' staff had made "scurrilous and defamatory allegations" about her after removing over $40,000 of her money from the property.  Herman claimed Woods used "trickery" after their break-up to prevent her from staying in their shared Hobe Sound, Florida home for an additional five years. She sued the Jupiter Island Irrevocable Homestead Trust, the legal owner of Woods' Florida property, saying the former World Number One had breached an "oral tenancy agreement". In her first lawsuit, filed in October 2022, Herman claimed Woods engaged in "prohibited practices" that caused her "severe actual, consequential and severe emotional damages" to her. The filing states: "Specifically, by trickery, agents of the defendant convinced the plaintiff to pack a suitcase for a short vacation and, when she arrived at the airport, they told her she had been locked out of the residence. DON'T MISS: Tiger Woods not in Rory McIlroy's good books after icon's comeback [SPORT] LeBron James hailed by Tiger Woods as he sends NBA star tribute [TRIBUTE] Who is Tiger Woods' girlfriend Erica Herman? [INSIGHT] "They then informed her she was not allowed to return and, without legal counsel to aid her in this emotional moment, utilised a lawyer to confront her with proposals to resolve the wrongdoing they were in the midst of committing. "Defendant's agents attempted to justify their illegal conduct by paying for a hotel room and certain expenses for a short period of time, having successfully locked (Herman) out of her home and frightened her away from returning." It added: "Since then plaintiff has continually demanded to be allowed back into her home but defendant's agents have refused. "Even worse, defendant's agents removed plaintiff's personal belongings from her residence and misappropriated in excess of $40,000 in cash that belonged to her, making scurrilous and defamatory allegations about how she obtained the money." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews