Jeremy Hunt will announce potential pension reform in the upcoming Budget but many experts are urging him not to scrap tax efficiency benefits for older Britons. This is so as not to exacerbate the pending “living standards shock” which is originating from people not saving enough money for their retirement. According to the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP), an estimated 12.5 million individuals under-saving for their retirement. The DWP stated: “There is still a large proportion of the population under-saving for retirement if individuals want to maintain a certain standard of living." As such, pension experts are highlighting the importance of tax benefits in improving the retirement prospects for those who are failing to put enough money away. Some 38 percent of the working-age population, which is equivalent to 12.5 million people, are under-saving for retirement when measured against their pre-retirement earnings. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance This takes into account the full value of an individual’s Defined Contribution pension is used to buy an annuity. Higher-earning Britons were found to be more likely to be undersaving relative to pre-retirement earnings. Around 14 percent of people in the lowest earnings band are currently undersaving for their retirement compared with 55 percent in the top earnings band. As a result of this, state pension payments will make up a larger proportion of a lower earner's target income. When compared to the Pension and Lifetime Savings Association’s (PSLA) Retirement Living Standards, 12 percent of working-age Britons are undersaving for retirement. This rises to 51 percent and 88 percent when factored into the PLSA Moderate and Comfortable Retirement Living Standards. Overall, lower earners are more likely to be undersaving when their contributions are compared to the PLSA’s metric Notably, 34 percent of lower earners are forecast to not meet the PLSA Minimum RLS, compared with only three percent of top earners. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Gary Smith, the director of financial planning at Evelyn Partners, broke down what the DWP’s report means for the current state of pensions in the UK. He explained: “Mainly that huge numbers still aren’t saving enough towards their retirement, and it mainly shows that middle and higher earners with defined contribution pensions are likely on retirement to see the biggest shortfall when compared to the income they were receiving in work. “It does suggest that minimum contribution levels, within workplace pension arrangements, might have to increase further in order to make sure people are saving adequate amounts, and won’t be caught out by a living standards shock when they retire. “This analysis takes a current look at the pension savings market, and I remain concerned that rising energy, food and borrowing costs might force many into opting out of their workplace pension arrangements, as they seek to make their incomes cover the essentials, creating an even greater shortfall in pension savings amongst those that probably require it the most.” The retirement expert warned Mr Hunt should not prioritise cutting existing tax benefits for pensioners in his upcoming Budget. Mr Smith added: “The report should also be a stark reminder to the Chancellor, ahead of his upcoming Budget statement, that any attempts to reduce the tax-efficiency benefits of pension schemes in an effort to chase revenue could result in more savers opting out or pension savings. “This is creating a generation who will be very much reliant upon the state to provide their income in retirement.” Mr Hunt is set to announce potential changes to the pension system in the Spring Budget on March 15, 2023.