Popular spin-off NCIS: Los Angeles will be coming to an end this year after 14 action-packed seasons on CBS. Millions of viewers were crushed by the news their favourite characters will be wrapping up their stories by the summer, and recently had the chance to say goodbye to Kensi Blye (played by Daniela Ruah) thanks to the actress’ touching new post on Instagram. Ruah posted a sombre portrait of herself as Kensi to say her farewells after portraying the character for over a decade. The black-and-white snap features the actress asleep on one of the iconic leather sofas in NCIS LA HQ. In the caption, she wrote: “Good night my Kensi. It's been an honour to be you for 14 years.” She also included the caption in Spanish, and added the hashtags: “#TheEnd #Fim #ThatsAWrap.” READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 Her 1.1 million followers were bowled over by the tribute, and took to the comments to say their own goodbyes to the beloved special agent. @jaz.explores replied: “I can't wait to see how you wrap up 14 years of one of the most important female characters on TV but I also don't want to know because I don't want to say goodbye. “14 years of laughs, tears and touchés. Thank you for playing Fern and bringing a wonderful human to the screen.” Kensi was nicknamed Fern by her husband Marty Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen), who will also feature prominently in NCIS LA’s final outing. Disappointed fan @sinfullness commented: “I just don’t get it. Why would they cancel this show? It is definitely going to be missed.” @bestofncisla wrote: “This just made me shed a few tears, and we still have some episodes to watch. “Kensi means so much to me. She helped me so much in real life and it feels like she's a big sister or part of my family and that's why it's so hard. “Thank you for the last 14 years, and I also can't wait to see what's next for you. Love from France.” DON'T MISS:Tammy Slaton has 1000lb Sisters fans gobsmacked with weight loss [VIDEO]The Masked Singer fans convinced California Roll is not Pentatonix [THEORY]1000lb Best Friends fans slam Tina for bailing on surgery [BACKLASH] @densi.pops.in.la said: “I know I've been sad about the impending end, but I hadn't yet really felt it. But this did it, Dani. Tears are flowing hard now! “Congrats on 14 years, thank you for creating a show that gave me a dozen+ new friends and started me on a new career path! “Some might say ‘it's just a TV show’, but know that it's LITERALLY changed my life! Thank you for your part in it!” @maggiesrandomphotography exclaimed: “Thank you for being our Kensi!!!” “She has been a role model for me for the last few years and will continue to be one. Thank you so so much for bringing her to life.” And @kimlisa13 added: “Goodbye, Kensi! Crazy to think that I've known you half of my life. “Thank you for bringing that kick ass character to life, Dani. Can't wait to see what's next for you!” Kensi and Marty’s fellow agents G Callen (Chris O’Donnell), Sam Hanna (LL Cool J) and the rest of the team will also all be returning over the next few weeks before season 14 concludes the show this spring. NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA.