Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's Coronation invitation could be the couple's "last occasion" to visit Frogmore, a royal expert has claimed. CTV commentator Richard Berthelsen joined the Canadian network to discuss how the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could respond to their recent invitation to King Charles's Coronation.  He said: "With Harry and Meghan needing to move out of Frogmore House, it may be their last occasion to visit that property, to stay there, or they may be invited to stay at Buckingham Palace or Windsor Castle, where there is no shortage of space for them. "There's a lot of issues that I think they have to decide based on their public image and everything that's happening whether it's to their advantage." Berthelsen added: "The Royal Family has invited them, they will be welcome to attend. "But they will be very much witnessing the ceremony, not participating in it." JUST IN: The seven clues Prince Harry and Meghan may decline Coronation invite and snub UK return The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were asked to vacate Frogmore Cottage by King Charles following the publication of Harry's memoir Spare in January. The couple's spokesman confirmed the request last week, saying: “We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” They had been given the Grade-II listed property by the late Queen Elizabeth II shortly after their wedding in 2018. The property is owned by the Crown Estate but was refurbished by Harry and Meghan at a cost of £2.4million in 2018. The cost was initially footed by the taxpayer through the Sovereign Grant before being repaid in full by Harry. A spokesman for the Sussexes also confirmed the couple had received invitations to attend Charles's Coronation celebrations in May. The spokesman said: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation. "An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." It remains to be seen if the couple will attend the Coronation. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews