Red Bull driver Sergio Perez fired a warning to his two-time world champion teammate Max Verstappen after the Dutchman won the Bahrain Grand Prix to open the 2023 Formula 1 season. Perez believes he is closing in on Verstappen as the Mexican hopes to mount a genuine title challenge this season. Ultimately, Verstappen dominated proceedings as he led almost from start to finish in the desert, lapping at a speed his rivals couldn’t match before controlling the race to comfortably take the chequered flag. The drive was Verstappen's 36th victory in the sport and cemented his status as the favourite to win what would be a third successive world championship. Perez ensured it was a Red Bull one-two ahead of Aston Martin’s Fernando Alonso, who secured a podium on his debut for the iconic manufacturers. His path to the podium was opened up as Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc broke down while teammate Carlos Sainz’s tyres faded late. However, while Perez secured second, he believes he can bring more to the table for Red Bull. The Mexican felt his slow start cost him the chance to apply pressure on Verstappen, who romped to the win. READ MORE: F1 rules, scoring, flags, penalties, and everything you need to know “It's a great start,” Perez said. "If we look back at last year and how we started here, it's really it's nice. “We've worked really hard over the winter, so it's great to see everyone enjoying the first race and we've got a really strong package. Today the start put me out of contention for the race, but finishing second is the maximum I could do today. I think I'm getting closer [to Verstappen] every session.” Perez won a tightly contested battle with Leclerc to claim second place before the Ferrari driver was forced to retire from third with 16 laps to go when he lost power. However, the Mexican rued his poor start which saw the Monegasque driver originally usurp him for second with one eye on Verstappen. DON'T MISSNorris 'overwhelmed' says Verstappen as he talks 'best friend in F1'Lewis Hamilton may have ruled out hopes of challenging Max VerstappenStroll issues worrying update in Bahrain GP FP2 after injury return At the start, Leclerc used the superior grip of the new tyres he had saved for the race to pass Perez for second but he faded as the race went on, allowing the Red Bull star to come back and regain position. The 33-year-old used a second set of soft tyres for his second stint, while Ferrari chose hard tyres for Leclerc, which meant Perez closed in and passed the red car on the opening corner of lap 26. Leclerc looked set for a podium only for his car to lose power on lap 41, forcing him to pull off on the straight down to the final corner of Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir. The result means Red Bull have got their season off to the perfect start ahead of the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix in two weeks on 19 March.