Riverdale will return at the end of March for its seventh and final season, which will bring an end to Archie Andrews (played by KJ Apa) and his friends’ wacky adventures in suitably bonkers fashion. The CW’s new trailer for the final mystery has promised the show’s most baffling outing yet, which kicks off when Jughead Jones (Cole Sprouse) finds himself stuck in the 1950s. The final season will pick up right after the Riverdale gang survived a devastating comet in the season six finale. Archie, Betty Cooper (Lili Reinhart) and Veronica Lodge (Camila Mendes) are back in high school, but only Jughead seems to realise they’ve woken up 70 years in the past. Meanwhile, there’s plenty to keep diehard Riverdale fans happy as the sneak peek has teased plenty of drama, dance numbers and steamy romance. However, much like previous seasons, the trailer for the show’s high-concept final outing has left fans divided. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Sharing their thoughts on the first-look clip, Redditor u/yanix7 said: “Loved the trailer. Until I saw magic again. “Really hoped the vibe would be more like seasons one and two without all the time travel magic stuff, I don’t know.” On Twitter, @_____gabrieI wrote: “Just watched the trailer for the final season of Riverdale and oh my F*****G God it looks so stupid but I’ve come this far I have to finish it.” @cyclogenesis posted: “Riverdale is at its best when it descends into a truly insane fever dream so I must apologetically announce that I'll be watching this.” Although, Redditor u/pnw_cfb_girl complained: “I'll never understand the writers' insistence on giving viewers exactly what they've said they do not want.” Twitter user @xcinsationalx admitted: “I'm so confused, yet also intrigued?” Unimpressed viewer @heyitshbai joked: “This looks like what you would see if you inhaled shampoo.” On the other hand, much of the audience was pleased to see Archie and Betty dating again, although this could easily change as the twisty final instalment picks up steam. DON'T MISS:My 600lb Life fans baffled as Mark refuses Dr Now's help [BACKLASH]Amy Slaton spotted beaming days after ‘split’ from husband [LATEST]9-1-1 Lone Star boss admits he ‘regrets’ major death [INTERVIEW] Season seven will be paying homage to the original Archie comics on which the series was based, which have been in publication in various forms since 1939. Fans can expect plenty of nostalgic throwbacks to the series’ heyday, although Jughead quickly realises their new surroundings aren’t what they appear and makes a plan to get back home. The first look at showrunner Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa’s ambitious finale has baffled and intrigued stalwart fans of the series and left those who haven’t been watching completely alienated. Previous seasons have included musical specials, flashbacks in which the cast portray their characters’ parents, murder mysteries and aliens, which have been met with similar derision. Viewers have also criticised Riverdale’s apparent step back for LGBTQ+ representation in the final season. Despite being the most prominent queer characters throughout the series, both Cheryl Blossom (Madelaine Petsch) and Kevin Keller (Casey Cott) were shown in straight romances in the trailer. Still, Riverdale has maintained a dedicated fan base over the years who will be eagerly tuning in over the coming weeks to discover how Archie’s next adventure is resolved. Riverdale season 7 premieres Wednesday, March 29 on The CW and the following Thursday on Netflix.