With skin as gorgeous as hers, it's unsurprising that Meghan Markle is no stranger to fabulous skincare. On her old lifestyle blog The Tig, she spoke about her experience having a "life-changing" facial. A facial is a skincare treatment administered by an aesthetician with the goal of exfoliating the skin and removing impurities. In 2014, Duchess Meghan Markle shared her experience of visiting the prestigious Sanctuary Spa in London. Meghan said: "To describe a facial as 'life-changing' sounds dramatic. Absurd even. The kind of thing I would roll my eyes at, and perhaps guffaw over." However, she revealed she was pleasantly amazed when she visited Sanctuary London and received a treatment from the "often whispered about, cult secret favourite facialist to the stars, Ms Nicola Jones". READ MORE: Facial yoga expert shares five-minute routine to transform your face The then-actress stated that the word "facial" does not do the treatment justice. She explained that the professional "gets her hands all up in your mouth to reshape and massage your mouth from the inside". Once you get over the discomfort - it's "slightly painful but hurts so good" - Meghan promised a near flawless finish. She said that the facial will give you "Kerry Washington" cheekbones, a taut chin and a "glow that lasts for seven days". What's more, Nicola shared a few ways women can maintain this look at home after a facial. This incorporates facial massage techniques, which help circulation and boost collagen and elastin production. The 10-step exercise requires just a few minutes and one product - Sanctuary Therapist's secret Facial Oil. Sanctuary Spa 10-in-1 Super Secret Facial Oil 30ml is currently being sold at Sainsbury's for £13.40 down from £20. READ MORE: 66-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but gives warning Method First, wash your hands thoroughly before popping a few drops of the oil into them. Rub your hands to warm the oil. Get yourself into a relaxed position, take some deep breaths and enjoy the aroma of the oil. Place the palms of your hands at the centre of your face and move outwards with a sweeping movement. Starting from the centre of your face, use your fingertips to massage the oil into your skin for one minute outwards and upwards in small circular motions. Bend your index and middle fingers and place your knuckles either side of your chin. Move from the bottom of the chin up the jawline and towards the ears. Repeat six times. Place the pads of your thumbs under your cheekbones with your palms facing outwards. Gently push up from the centre of the face outwards to improve facial contours. Repeat six times. Place your fingertips just above the eyebrows and move them towards the temples, adding a little pressure. Repeat six times. Now, don't forget the neck. The neck can be a tell-tale sign of ageing, so use your palms to gently sweep the oil up the neck. Sweep your palms across your chest from left shoulder to right shoulder. Repeat three times. For some well-needed hand care, seep any residual oil into the backs of your hands and massage.