Bruce Willis’ wife Emma Heming Willis, 44, branded the latest rumours surrounding her family “so dumb”. The former model took to Instagram to furiously deny the claim that Bruce’s ex-wife Demi Moore, 60, had moved into the couple’s home to “help” during his battle with dementia. Emma shared a headline that read: “Demi Moore ‘Moved In’ With Ex Bruce Willis and His Wife To Help Care For Him After Heartbreaking Dementia Diagnosis: Source.” Hitting back at the rumours, Emma wrote underneath: “Let’s nip this one in the bud. “This is so dumb. Please stop,” she added, in view of her 655,000 followers this evening. It comes after a source claimed to US publication Radar: "Demi has moved in, and she is not leaving until the very end." READ MORE... Sharon Stone claims custody battle was influenced by Basic Instinct The source also claimed that Demi had been spending plenty of time with Bruce and his family during the Covid lockdowns.  They added: “At first no one outside the family could understand what Demi was doing living with her ex and his new wife, but now it makes sense.  "Demi has been a rock for the family and is determined to make sure every day Bruce has left on earth will be filled with love.”  Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Demi for comment.  Prior to Emma shutting down the rumours, it was claimed Demi had been helping to care for the Die Hard actor alongside his wife and their two young daughters, Mabel, 10, and Evelyn, eight. Bruce shares Rumer, 34, Scout, 31, and Tallulah, 29, with his ex-wife Demi, to whom he was married from 1987 to 2000. Demi still shares a good relationship with her ex-husband, and signed the family statement announcing Bruce's frontotemporal dementia (FTD) diagnosis alongside Emma. Bruce's family confirmed the news via Instagram while thanking fans for the “incredible outpouring” of support they have sent since the actor’s initial diagnosis of aphasia. Don't miss... Strictly's Ola Jordan 'walks around naked' amid weight loss [COMMENT] Florence Pugh braves snow as she goes braless amid Zach Braff reunion [PICS] James Nesbitt ‘reconciles with ex after she had baby with another man' [LATEST] They added: “Since we announced Bruce’s diagnosis of aphasia in spring 2022, Bruce’s condition has progressed and we now have a more specific diagnosis: frontotemporal dementia (known as FTD). “Unfortunately, challenges with communication are just one symptom of the disease Bruce faces. “While this is painful, it is a relief to finally have a clear diagnosis.” Emma also spoke out on Instagram yesterday after social media trolls cruelly accused her of “getting her five minutes [of fame]” while hitting out at the paparazzi for "yelling" at Bruce about his health. Emma defiantly said in a video: “I just saw something about me getting my five minutes, which is great. Which means that you're listening. “So I'm going to take my five minutes and I'm going to turn it into 10 because I'm always going to advocate for my husband. “And, while I'm at it, I'm going to raise awareness around FTD and for caregivers, who are unsung heroes out there. “And then, and then, I am going to turn my grief and my anger and my sadness and do something good around something that feels less than."