Jake Paul's trainer was allegedly angered by Mike Perry's interference during the build-up to the showdown against Tommy Fury after the former UFC fighter leaked a 'script' for the highly anticipated matchup. The 31-year-old brawler is often outspoken on social media, but many eyebrows in the boxing community were raised when 'Platinum' posted a purported play-by-play detailing how the fight would pan out. The text touted 'The Problem Child' for a dramatic eighth-round victory due to a doctor's stoppage and even included instructions for Paul to accept a rematch after the result. However, the document was decisively disproved after 'TNT' dominated much of the bout and won a deserved split decision. But Perry was unapologetic as he explained the context behind his post, which he said received some negative attention from a senior member of Paul's party. There's no evidence to suggest anything about Sunday's duel in Diriyah was not genuine, meaning Perry may have been one of those fooled by conspiracies the result was predetermined. "It was an Instagram post I think my buddy sent me," said Perry in an interview with TMZ. "Later that day, I was like, 'You know what, I bet this is a good tweet'. So I tweeted it, and it's probably my best tweet of all time, probably. It got a lot of attention. People talked a lot of trash on me for it. Whatever." READ MORE: Tommy Fury handed WBC boost by Jake Paul after Saudi Arabia showdown  "And Jake's coach wrote me and was upset about his reputation … [but] I was thinking, well, Jake never cared about my reputation when he posted a video of what I said to him at practice, trying to coach him up and be a part of the team, and give him that work. And he put that [training footage] out there." Although Perry didn't name the specific coach, Paul's main trainer is former 34-4-1 boxer BJ Flores, who became a vocal figure in the lead-up to his fighter's first career defeat. If it was Flores who voiced dissatisfaction with Platinum's actions, however, those protests went unanswered. "I didn't really respond to his coach's messages," added Perry. "I didn't respond to it. I just kind of looked past it. It's part of the game." DON'T MISS Amir Khan torn apart as Carl Froch explains if he'll take comeback fight against 'Bambi' Eddie Hearn takes aim at Jake Paul when naming who YouTuber should fight next Andrew Tate sends message to Jake Paul from prison after Tommy Fury points defeat    It isn't the first time Paul has been tagged by allegations of fixed fights after some fans raised suspicions with several of his previous wins. Both his decision victory over UFC legend Anderson Silva and knockout of Tyron Woodley were questioned in some circles, though there was little doubt his loss against Fury was the real deal. As for Perry, the Michigan native is focusing on forging his own success in Bare Knuckle FC, where he boasts a perfect 2-0 record since his 2022 debut. The promotion recently announced he's set to return to the ring on April 29 against fellow UFC alumnus Luke Rockhold, who retired from mixed martial arts following a third straight defeat last year.