Nina Warhurst, who fronts the business bulletins on BBC Breakfast, had a resurfaced message pop up on her Facebook feed today leaving her mortified. The broadcaster shared a photo as she pulled a face with her young son sat in the back seat of her car. Taking to her Instagram stories, Nina detailed a parenting fail. The 42-year-old accidentally brought her son to work with her, she revealed. She captioned the post: "Facebook reminding me it's five years since I pulled up to the work car park and realised I'd forgotten to drop the kid at nursery." Nina and her husband Ted share two boys, Digby and Michael. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman causes a stir in tight leather amid Countdown return Last year, Nina celebrated Mother's Day with a post on her Instagram page. She wrote: "Tainted *slightly* by a 4/10 hangover, but I was 'treated' to a facial by the little one, and I think there was a period of about 43 seconds where 0/4 of us was moaning. I’ll take that." Elsewhere, the broadcaster recently left fans in stitches with her cheeky bedroom confession about her husband. The broadcaster gave a rare insight into her marriage.  She weighed in on a conversation about spouses having a dedicated side of the bed. Nina initially revealed how she and her husband "swore" they would never have a side of the bed. Taking to Twitter on March 8, she shared: "When we met we SWORE we would never be so suburban and predictable as to have set sides. Now I smack him if he dares to breathe on my side of the super kingsize." Social media users flocked to comment on the post as many shared their own domestic rituals. Duncan O'Connor remarked: "When they breathe! In and out over and over." Nina replied: "I know. Unbelievable." Sean commented: "After 28 and a half years of marriage my wife decided we had to change sides." Frying mused: "Thing I don't understand is if you don't have a consistent side, how could you have reliable access to YOUR stuff on YOUR bedside table?" Simon added: "I think that is perfectly normal, suburban or otherwise." Nina and Ted's romance began when they met on holiday in Croatia in 2013. They first crossed paths in the picturesque coastal town of Tisno, and have been inseparable ever since. After a whirlwind romance the happy couple married just one year later on March 21, 2014. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.