You hear it repeated so much it just becomes background noise you've long since stopped believing - or, more sinisterly, stopped caring about. Yes, I'm talking about people being trafficked across the English Channel in small boats by organised crime, which is at the very top of the news agenda today. Again. And, the fact is, you have heard it every day for as long as you can remember because hordes of politicians have made reams of announcements about their crackdown on illegal immigration while signally failing to do absolutely anything but watch open-mouthed as the situation gets worse.Consider the last half-decade of pointless promises - accompanied by their almost inevitable rise in illegal migration:Amber Rudd - 2018"We will get immigration under control in the long term by reducing the numbers which come from Europe."UK illegal immigration: 8,608Sajid Javid - 2019"I have been very clear that robust action is needed to protect people, our borders and to deter illegal migration. I am also continuing to discuss with the French, what more they can do to stop people from attempting to make these crossings from France in the first place."UK illegal immigration: 11,044Chris Philp (Home Office minister) - 2020"This Government and the Home Secretary are working relentlessly to stop these crossings."UK illegal immigration: 14,772Priti Patel - 2021"The first thing we have done is restore public confidence in the immigration system. Our New Plan for Immigration is key to fixing it. We are coming after these gangs."Illegal immigration: 34,525Suella Braverman - 2023“Enough is enough. The British people want this solved. They’re sick of tough talk and inadequate action. The Prime Minister and I will do whatever it takes. You can judge us by our actions.”Illegal immigration: (Predicted) 80,000 Oh and let's not forget that scourge of the people traffickers Theresa May who told us back in 2012 "The aim is to create, here in Britain, a really hostile environment for illegal immigrants". Made us all feel very uncomfortable and achieved absolutely zero.And just in case you thought failing to tackle illegal immigration was the sole preserve of those nasty Tories here's Labour's Liam Byrne (Minster for Borders and Immigration) way back in May 2007: "We are trying to create a much more hostile environment in this country if you are here illegally."  Really Liam?It's the political equivalent of the old pub sign "free beer tomorrow" isn't it, where tomorrow never comes.Indeed every time a minister makes an announcement promising they are cracking down on illegals the figures go up.Logically it follows ministers should actually stop making announcements if they really want to tackle the problem.This is of course why Home Secretary Suella Braverman's announcements this week look very badly misjudged.The legality, the practicality, the morality and the many, many issues which threaten (with depressing predictability) to make this latest effort dead in the water will be debated endlessly elsewhere. With the near certainty of nothing being achieved.(Maybe it's just me but cracking down on the people traffickers' network and infrastructure might actually make more of a difference.)Little tip Suella:This is the kind of political issue you need to stop the pointless grandstanding on and just get on and do. Don't tell us what you are going to do Suella, we just don't care because we don't believe you. Instead, go away, do your job and come back in a year and tell us what you've actually done.That way, for once we might actually be impressed. (Figures provided by Migration Watch UK)