Married at First Sight Australia season 10 began Down Under in January and has now made its way to the UK. This season's couples are only starting to get hitched with the next newlyweds appearing in tonight's [Thursday, March 9] instalment. Shannon and Caitlin seem to get off to a good start, but do they actually make the perfect match? WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS Australia. Shannon and Caitlin's wedding was a promising start for the couple as they seemed to hit it off straight away. Fans were hopeful that this could be the beginning of something with their friends and families also feeling positive about this union. Of course, MAFSA season 10 has been airing since January so Australian fans already know how their romance has developed. And unfortunately for those who thought they would make it, they are sadly mistaken. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead The new couple only made it to the second commitment ceremony before they called time on their marriage. There were plenty of incidents which led to their break-up, firstly, in Confessions Week. During the photo ranking task, he explained with ease why he didn't think Caitlin was the most attractive out of this year's brides. He went on to state how Melissa was the one "who would impress your mates" and other women in the show's "natural beauty shines more than yours." Caitlin would hear Shannon on the phone with his ex-fiance who he shares a child with. When she questioned their relationship, he said he was still in love with her. The experts insisted his behaviour wasn't right and they both agreed to carry on together for another week. Things did go from bad to worse from then on with Shannon telling her how he wasn't physically attracted to her. Don't miss... Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [ROYAL] Best Mother's Day gifts - Flowers, cards, beauty and luxury gift ideas [DEAL] MAFS Australia's Lyndall and Cameron appeared smitten at their wedding [EXPLAINER] “The attraction's low. You are a good-looking girl - just not in my eyes", he said. Despite disregarding Caitlin's feelings throughout, Shannon was open to staying another week in the experiment. This wasn't good enough as Shannon wasn't able to explain how he would try and work on the damage he caused. As a result, the experts permitted Caitlin to leave the experiment on her own accord. She didn't leave without telling Shannon what she really thought of his behaviour. Caitlin told her husband: “You don’t need to love me, you don’t even need to like me. "But you do need to respect me because I am a brilliant person, I’m amazing. "It’s a privilege to be in this experiment with me. I deserve better." MAFS Australia continues Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on E4.