The 19th season of Grey’s Anatomy has been a pivotal time for ABC’s staple medical drama as fans apparently saw the last of long-time series lead Meredith Grey (played by Ellen Pompeo) after nearly two decades on screens. However, one of her former castmates, who is now saving lives on spin-off series Station 19, has already hinted there could be plans to bring her back for special appearances. Pompeo’s co-star Jason George is confident Meredith will make more appearances on Grey’s Anatomy in the future. In the seventh episode of the show’s current season, I’ll Follow the Sun, the iconic surgeon said a teary farewell to Grey Sloan. It was revealed she’ll be moving to Boston to research a cure for Alzheimer’s, a fitting conclusion to her storyline which saw her rise through the ranks of one of the world’s most renowned hospitals. The actress will continue to narrate and executive produce throughout this season, and it’s also expected she’ll pay the residents a visit in the upcoming season finale. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark However, if Grey’s Anatomy returns for a 20th season later this year, George revealed Pompeo could still be a key part in the drama. “We're in season 19, so if you've done anything in your life for 10 years, let alone 19 years, it's going to be emotional when you stop doing it,” he said. “When you're not there every day.” Since leaving the series, Pompeo is now tackling her next major TV project with Hulu. Other than her voice role in a 2017 episode of Doc McStuffins, this will be the first time she has portrayed a different character since Meredith’s debut in 2005. “We'll still hear Meredith's voice in every episode in the voiceovers,” George told Entertainment Tonight. “And I believe she's going to come back sometimes. You won't know when, so you always gotta watch and find out if she makes a surprise appearance.” George has portrayed Dr Ben Warren in both Grey’s Anatomy and Station 19 for well over a decade, so is a trusted source when it comes to Pompeo’s plans for the series. So far, Grey’s Anatomy hasn’t been renewed for a 20th season, so the series could end with one last appearance from Meredith in the season finale.  “We'll still hear Meredith's voice in every episode in the voiceovers,” George told Entertainment Tonight. “And I believe she's going to come back sometimes. You won't know when, so you always gotta watch and find out if she makes a surprise appearance.” George has portrayed Dr Ben Warren in both Grey’s Anatomy and Station 19 for well over a decade, so is a trusted source when it comes to Pompeo’s plans for the series. So far, Grey’s Anatomy hasn’t been renewed for a 20th season, so the series could end with one last appearance from Meredith in the season finale. DON'T MISS:Party Down newcomers were ‘intimidated’ joining established cast [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah leaves fans in tears with Kensi farewell [TRIBUTE]Tammy Slaton has 1000lb Sisters fans gobsmacked with weight loss [VIDEO] However, Pompeo herself has also confirmed her season 19 exit wouldn’t be permanent, as she’s just taking a step back to work on her new project. “For the record, it's not really my final,” she confirmed to ET. “It's a little bit of a trick they're playing on people ... It is my final episode for a while.” Even so, Pompeo has already taken on a reduced role in more recent seasons, so fans shouldn’t expect her to play a major role in every episode once she returns. Plus, Deadline recently reported the star is expected to appear in eight episodes in season 19, just one more than she’s already appeared in. While her comeback for the season finale in a few months seems likely, fans will have to keep tuning in to find out what’s in store for Meredith now she’s based in Boston. Finding a cure for Alzheimer’s will be no easy task, even for one of the world’s best surgeons. Meredith will most likely remain in Boston for the time being, but thankfully she still has plenty of friends in Seattle who are worth making a trip across the country for. Grey's Anatomy season 19 continues Thursdays on ABC in the USA and is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK