Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp felt that his side did not "enjoy the challenge" of facing a defensive team in Bournemouth in a scathing assessment of their 1-0 defeat on the south coast. Philip Billing got the only goal of the game as Mohamed Salah missed a penalty in the second half, ensuring the Reds would not be able to build on their 7-0 demolition of Manchester United with a positive result. Klopp's outfit struggled to break down the Premier League strugglers and often were hit on the counter by Gary O'Neill's side in stark contrast to the previous dominant victory over fierce rivals United. The German boss admitted that he was disappointed with the performance and called out his stars for not being able to break down a low block. "Absolutely [disappointed], absolutely," Klopp told BT Sport. "What can I say? It was never really our game. Of course we were dominant in the first half, they had their counter attacks what they wanted to have, we didn’t have. "I think the spaces we had to play in were super clear, super open, and we didn’t use them often enough - the spaces next to their two midfielders, the rest was more or less busy with covering other spaces but we didn’t use that often enough, didn’t enjoy the challenge enough to face a deep, compact side. MUST READ Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brushes off Jude Bellingham question [TRANSFERS] "It’s clear we cannot win all the balls but little things make a massive difference, then we go one nil down - not helpful, obviously, on the counter-attack. They did always the same stuff but it was successful because we didn’t defend it well, then I thought we started okay in the second half, we get the penalty, miss it, then after that we were in a real rush and didn’t create enough." Salah had a chance to spare Liverpool's blushes after a penalty was awarded when Diogo Jota's header was blocked by Adam Smith's arm, which VAR deemed an offence but the Egyptian was unable to hit the target as his powerful effort was blazed high and wide.  Don't miss... Liverpool have Timber to replace Matip but Man Utd may hijack any bids [TRANSFERS] Liverpool secure '£72m transfer boost' with four-year commitment [LATEST] Liverpool have Darwin Nunez headache for defining three-game run [ANALYSIS] Klopp had a message for Salah following the disappointing miss, summing it up in two words with his "that's life" remark after admitting that Bournemouth deserved the three points. He added: "Honestly the last penalty we got I don’t know when it was, in the league at least, it’s long ago. It’s completely hypothetical but I think if we score there it could turn, that doesn’t make the performance better but it could change the result, that’s it. He scores a lot of goals, he missed a penalty, that’s life." Liverpool icon Steve McManaman agreed with Klopp that the Reds were complacent at the Vitality Stadium. "I thought they were terrible today," he said. "Contrasting fortunes for both teams - everything Liverpool did well last week when they won at Anfield was completely the opposite today. "They were lethargic, they were slow, they moved the ball sideways so many times, there was no urgency to go forwards. Defensively, five clean sheets, they looked as if they couldn’t play again today."  