Scottish actor Jack Lowden has opened up exclusively to Express.co.uk and other media about transforming into cockney criminal Kenny Noye for The Gold. The six-part BBC crime drama chronicles how six armed robbers stumbled across £26million in gold bullion at the Brink's-Mat security depot near Heathrow Airport. Kenny dealt with the money laundering side of the crime but he was eventually caught out and put behind bars.   The heist took place on November 26, 1983, and the majority of the Brink's-Mat gold still has not been recovered to this day. Kenny was sentenced to 14 years in prison for his part in the robbery following a huge Metropolitan Police investigation spearheaded by detective Brian Boyce who was played by Hugh Bonneville in The Gold. Kenny was forced to pay fines of £500,000 and an additional £200,00 in costs, but he was released from prison in 1994 after only serving eight years. However, he was sent back to prison and handed a life sentence after being found guilty of murdering a motorist. He was released on licence in 2019. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark  Kenny actor Jack discussed the "ridiculous" wardrobe he had to wear for his character who donned elaborate clothes and bold jewellery in the series. He told Express.co.uk: "There was stuff which was a joy to wear because, in many ways, it was utterly ridiculous. "The peacocking is really, really strong through all of this." Jack said a benefit of playing Kenny was he had a chance to portray "a character within a character" as the criminal tried to get away with his crimes.   "It is gracefully done with the clothes," he continued. "The clothes were superb." The 32-year-old actor added: "I think I had a week where we were shooting at the Kenny household and we were going up and down the stairs changing clothing. "We changed clothes so often and added maybe a gold watch or a ring and it was such great fun. "Sometimes [Kenny] would go for a more sporty casual outfit in one afternoon before he gets a phone call." DON'T MISS...The Gold mixes fact and fiction for dramatic purposes [UPDATE]Nikki Jennings is one of the fictional characters in BBC's The Gold [EXPLAINER]The creator of BBC's The Gold has opened up about the show's future [LATEST] He added: "Everything is ridiculous but also makes you think, 'Why don't I wear this now?'" The actor also spoke out about having to put on a lot of weight for the role in the BBC series, but he did not disclose how much. "I personally put on quite a lot of weight for the role," he shared. "I did think it was quite a strange choice for myself to play this part and I thought I needed to have a bit more beef."  He summoned a personal trainer to help him bulk up for the part in a matter of months. The actor joked about the trainer "kicking the living hell out of me" in the space of three months. While the actor was born in Chelmsford, Essex, he grew up in Scotland and had to learn to master a cockney accent to play Kenny with the assistance of a dialogue coach. The full series of The Gold is now available to stream on BBC iPlayer. 