Across the country, the UK experienced half of its annual rainfall for the month. This raises the likelihood of drought restrictions, such as hosepipe bans, returning this summer. Last month, the National Drought Group warned the UK was one hot dry spell away from widespread drought conditions. Parts of the country, such as East Anglia, Devon, Cornwall, and the Isles of Scilly remain in drought status. The measurements were taken by a team from the University of Reading; the readings show last month was the driest February for almost 90 years. Speaking to the Telegraph, Dr Stephen Burt said: “If March remains dry, and March is on average the driest month of the year in Reading, the reimposition of last summer’s water restrictions must be almost inevitable.” READ MORE: Customers 'short-changed' as water firms fail to invest  Dr Burt added: “Obviously, lots of things can happen between now and the summer. But if it remains dry for the next month, I think there would be a lot of alarm bells ringing.” The lack of rain has also had an impact on river flow. In only one river, the Lune in Cumbria is river flow above normal for the time of year. Chair of the National Drought Group, John Leyland, told the Telegraph: “While most water levels have returned to normal across much of the country, low rainfall in recent weeks highlights the importance of remaining vigilant. “We cannot rely on the weather alone, which is why the Environment Agency, water companies, and our partners are taking action to ensure water resources are in the best possible position both for the summer and for future droughts.” Mr Leyland added: “As ever, it is important that we all continue to use water carefully to protect not just our water resources, but our precious environment and the wildlife that depends on it.” Last summer, the UK experienced record temperatures as the mercury surged above forty degrees and the country baked in a series of heatwaves. While joyous for some, it caused concern among environmentalists and marked a sign of climate change making itself known. There are fears the UK could begin to experience regular periods of forty-degree temperatures if the trend of warmer summers continues.