Former F1 driver Nikita Mazepin has spoken out after the European Union's General Court lifted a travel ban. The 23-year-old saw his contract terminated by American constructor Haas last year after Russia's inasion of Ukraine and his father's company Uralkali was ditched as their sponsor. After being sacked by Haas, the young Russian was dealt a further blow as the EU sanctioned him and his father's company believing they had "activity in economic sectors which constitute a substantial source of income" for Russia amid 'ties' with Vladimir Putin. However, AFP Press Agency reports the EU General Court has now lifted the ban on him traveling into Europe which was blocking his F1 career. The FIA had made it clear that drivers from Russia could compete on the grid, provided they did not voice any support for the country’s war stance and drove under a neutral flag. Mazepin returned to international racing last month at the Asian Le Mans Series with British-registered team 99 Racing. The team has taken two podium finishes from four races with Mazepin racing alongside teammates Neel Jani and Gonçalo Gomes. READ MORE: Nikita Mazepin threatens to sue Haas team in money row - 'We are going to court' The Russian driver, who spent one season with Haas in F1, has spoken out about the EU court's decision to lift restrictions. He told AFP: "I am very happy with this decision which gives me hope to resume my professional career in international motor racing. "I will do my best to make up for lost time and look forward to re-join the sport that I love, to which I have dedicated my life." The court confirmed that the European Council did not "provide convincing evidence" showing that Mazepin "should be considered as still being linked to his father".  DON'T MISS: It is reported that the General Court ruled Mazepin "is in no way involved in the aggression suffered by Ukraine and does not exercise any activity in economic sectors which provide a substantial source of income," to Russia. The order added: "He has always maintained a neutral position on the war as a professional athlete. He only asks that he be given the opportunity to pursue his career ... without the financial support of his father." 