Amy shared a snap of her youngest son shared with now reported "ex-husband" Michael Halterman, sparking comments from upset followers. Some fans said they were "deeply concerned" with a red mark seen on the tot's face in the pictures. The TLC reality star, 35, uploaded two sweet pictures of little Glenn sitting in what appears to be a car seat earlier this week. She was celebrating another milestone for the youngster as he turned eight-months-old after she welcomed the little one earlier last year. "Happy 8 months baby," Amy captioned the adorable uploads. She added: "Mama, and gage and everyone love u baby." Some fans pointed out that she failed to mention Glenn's father, Michael. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find User @_dimp_02 commented: "The fact that she intentionally named herself and Gage & leave out Michael says a lot." But attention was quickly drawn to Glenn's face, where a small red area can be seen towards the baby's eyebrow and on his left cheek. Some were worried that he may have been "hurt", with @agaudett writing: "Happy 8m Birthday Glenn. Did he fall and hurt himself?" Account @andthen.thewolvescame added: "Kid looks like he was in a bar fight last night." Continuing the comments, @bonnieblueyoung said: "Why would you post a photo of your son with scrapes and bruises on his face?" While @ravensfan_13 asked: "What happened to her cute lil face? That's deeply concerning to me." (sic) Jumping to Amy's defence, @irejectsunlight replied: "It’s a tiny mark, clearly from a common kid injury." They added: "He probably fell over or scraped his face on a toy." Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST] Amy Slaton admits she's still 'smiling' in new weight loss snaps [LATEST] 1000lb Sisters fans admit Tammy 'proved us wrong' with weight loss  [LATEST] Amy and Michael welcomed Glenn in July last year, and season four has revealed how the pregnancy has challenged her weight loss goals. Their first child, Gage, was born in November 2020, just months after Amy’s gastric band surgery to reduce her weight. It comes after reports that Amy is currently living with Tammy after separating from Michael and moving out of their Kentucky home. "Amy says Michael is lazy, and has been jealous of her attention toward the kids," a source told the US Sun. They've been having trouble since last year." The couple has reportedly not yet filed for divorce in the state of Kentucky. Michael has made regular appearances on 1000lb Sisters and has been in a relationship with Amy for several years. They originally met in high school and were married on March 15, 2019 in Nashville, Tennessee. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.