Creed 3 has only just hit cinemas, but it seems Adonis Creed's passion to become the world's greatest boxer has become infectious. Reports from French media have claimed "around a dozen" disturbances in cinemas over the weekend when some viewers got a little fight-y. Police were "called to an afternoon screening" in a Mégarama cinema in the French city of Saint Etienne on Saturday, March 4, Deadline reports. A fight broke out during a screening of Creed 3, prompting a security guard to get involved. This employee, sadly, suffered a head injury when "cans and bottles were thrown" at him. Later that day, in an entirely different cinema in the French town of Thionville, a massive fight erupted during the Michael B Jordan-led movie. A reported 500 people were evacuated from the Kinepolis cinema, and the screening of Creed 3 was cancelled as a result. What's more, another fight occurred in the northern French town of Charleville-Mézières, prompting another Creed 3 screening to be brought to an end. The individuals involved in the battle were arrested and "temporarily placed in police custody". After these brawls, the cinemas kept screening Creed 3, however that was not the case for all picture houses across the country. The nine-screen CinéCentre in Dreux announced on its website that it was "de-programming" Creed 3 following "inappropriate behaviour” that was contrary to its “values”. Further fistfights were reported across Germany during screenings of Creed 3, in cities including Bremen, Hamburg and Essen. In the latter city, police were reportedly called to "calm a situation" when a fight got out of hand. A source told Deadline these incidents amounted to "a phenomenon", suggesting it was nothing more than a numbers game. 600 cinemas played Creed 3 over opening weekend, showing the movie more than 10,000 times over five days. Don't miss... Creed 3 star Michael B Jordan details Sylvester Stallone's absence [NEWS] Creed III review - The series returns with another knockout [REVIEW] Creed 3 cast – Where you have seen Creed 3 stars before [CAST] As a result, the source claimed these were "isolated incidents". Despite the fact Creed 3 apparently kicked off a massive number of fights, it was the country's biggest movie over the weekend. In fact, Creed 3 enjoyed its biggest opening weekend in Europe with a staggering box office of $7.7 million. This dwarfs the $6.1 million in the UK and the $4.3 million in Germany. This massive turnout is surprising considering Creed 3 is the first Rocky movie without Sylvester Stallone in it. Star of Creed Michael B Jordan recently opened up on why he was missing. Jordan explained: "I want Adonis to stand on his own two feet. In order to do that, we had to go into the past." Creed 3 focuses on Adonis reuniting with his childhood friend, Damian Anderson (Jonathan Majors) who has a bone to pick with him after decades away. The two characters considered one another "brothers" and some bad blood has now spurred on a brutal boxing match." He added: "What were those transformative years. Those childhood traumas that shaped [Adonis] today? I think the room for this story was really about Adonis Creed moving forward with his family, and having him move forward. That's kind of how we rolled out the story for this one." He noted that Stallone's DNA is "through the entire franchise". He said: "You can't have these movies [without that]. That underdog spirit, I think, connects the underdog in all of us. I think what we love about these movies so much is that we see somebody that's going through hardships, that's able to rise from the ashes and reach the mountaintop, and we connect with that."