Joe Biden will continue to pursue "more of the same" policies with his new budget and push for a continuation of "radical left programmes", a cheerleading business leader has said. The President is set to unveil his budget plan for the next year on Thursday, hinting at potential tax increases for most Americans in the coming months. Jeff Webb, the founder of the Universal Cheerleading Association and Varsity Spirit, told Express.co.uk that Biden's plan could threaten the United States financial position on the global stage – but noted the GOP House majority is likely to put an end to his "wishful thinking." Mr Webb said: "As far as what Biden will try to focus on going forward, I think we can expect more of the same. "This includes green energy programs, which don’t work but do provide ways for his mega-rich Democrat cronies and the Biden family to enrich themselves at the expense of everyday Americans. "We’ll also see a continuation of radical leftist social programs like 'equity' that only exaggerate our differences and create bitterness and hate amongst our citizens." The staunchly conservative commentator dismissed Biden's threats of increasing taxes as he pointed out that Republicans in the House will not allow him to put extra economic burdens on Americans. READ MORE: TikTok star 'Orthodox rabbi' who adopted nine boys charged with sex abuse The President wants to increase the Medicare tax rate from 3.8 percent to 5 percent on income exceeding $400,000 per year, including salaries and capital gains. The White House did not provide specific cost-saving estimates with the proposal, but the move would likely increase tax revenues by more than $117 billion over 10 years, according to prior estimates in February by the Tax Policy Center. Webb continued: "Biden’s comments about raising taxes to fund Medicaid are nothing more than wishful thinking as long as the Republicans control the House. "Biden is using these comments to try to politically position himself as making the more affluent pay 'their fair share.'  "However, raising taxes simply transfers money from private citizens to the government, and results in inefficiency." He added: "This in turn makes our entire country less competitive." More than 65 million Americans rely on Medicare, costing taxpayers an estimated $900 billion every year. And the number of enrollees is expected to grow exponentially as the population ages. Federal officials have warned that without tax increases or cuts, the Medicare fund might only be able to pay for 90 percent of benefits by 2028. DON'T MISS Biden sent strong message over 'Djokovic ban' that's costing US £67bn [VIDEO] Biden's Budget hits 'winning issue' as he can channel 'populist' anger [ANALISYS] Texans fight for independence from the US in 'Texit' referendum [LATEST] Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform and an advocate for the kinds of tax cuts generally favoured by Republicans, warned that the economy would suffer because of Biden's plan. He told AP: "The Biden tax hikes will raise the cost of goods and services for everyone, and make American workers and businesses less competitive internationally and vs. China." Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre declined to discuss the numbers behind the budget plan. Jean-Pierre reporters at Tuesday's briefing that she would not “dive into the math,” but that Biden's proposal on Thursday “will be very detailed and transparent.” The independent, nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office will analyze the proposal later this year. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews