Ally McCoist has suggested that Tottenham talisman Harry Kane will join Manchester United despite the Red Devils' 7-0 defeat to Liverpool. The Scotsman laughed as he conceded his comments sounded ridiculous in light of Sunday’s result but insisted the England captain must start putting himself and his career first with his current side struggling for consistency. Harry Kane has been linked with a move away from north London during the summer transfer window as he approaches the end of his contract. His current deal expires in 2024 and Tottenham could be forced to sell if he does not sign an extension to avoid losing him for nothing next year. However, there has been strong speculation that he would be open to signing a new deal given his loyalty to his current side. Yet McCoist has argued that this would not be the right thing for his career and has tipped him to leave the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium alongside manager Antonio Conte in the summer, with Old Trafford the likely destination. “Right now, and it’s guesswork from me, I think they [Tottenham] will be looking for a new manager and a new centre forward,” McCoist told talkSPORT. “If I am putting myself in Harry Kane’s shoes right now, and this will really finish off Spurs fans this morning, I’m probably thinking about going to the team that got beaten seven nothing yesterday. READ MORE: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans “I’m serious,” he continued as he tried to suppress his laughter. “How’s Harry Kane feeling this morning? He’s waking up and thinking I’m going to go off to a team that has just been beaten 7-0 by Liverpool. But he’s got to think about himself now, Harry. I mean Spurs, I’m not even a Spurs fan and they frustrate me. “I look at their team, I look at the talent and I think great. You look at them on their day and they look capable of beating anybody and then they throw in a result against Sheffield United or Wolves and they concede four to Leicester.  “But if I was a betting man, I would say that at some point in the summer, Spurs will be looking for a new manager and a new centre-forward.” It remains to be seen what Kane will decide to do in the coming months as he faces a big decision on his future. McCoist’s advice may be ringing in his ears as he weighs up what to do.