Aerial photographs have pinpointed the exact place where three friends died in a horror car crash. Eve Smith and Darcy Ross, both 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died in the smash while Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, survived. They remain in a critical condition, according to South Wales Police. Images of the crash site show a tall, green fence surrounding a group of trees in which the white VW Tiguan the friends were travelling in were found. The site is yards from a roundabout on the A48, which was closed after the wreckage of the car was found. South Wales Police has said investigations are continuing, including over when the crash happened. It comes after the mother of one of the survivors claimed she was told to stop ringing police for updates into what had initially been a missing persons case. Anna Cerowicz, whose daughter Sophie has been fighting for her life at the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff, also said she drove past the crash site three times. She told The Sun: "I drove past three times. "Sophie was 20 yards away lying there scared, next to her friends who were dead. "But I didn’t see her because of the trees and there was a dip." READ ABOUT RATS TERRORISING A SEASIDE RESORT On Anna's claim she was asked to stop calling, Gwent Police said in a statement: "We understand how distressing it is when a loved one goes missing. "We are aware of media reports regarding this, and we will be liaising closely with the families involved to find out more information and address any concerns of this nature." Questions have been raised since the group was found over the police's handling of the case. The last confirmed sighting of the five was in the early hours of Saturday morning. Don't miss... Warning as scammers use 'eerie' new trick to leave victims broke [REVEALED] Vomiting passengers left stranded after plane lands at closed airport [REPORT] The seven clues Harry and Meghan may decline Coronation invite [LATEST] But they were not found until after midnight on Monday, almost two days later. A friend of the three girls claimed it was members of the public searching who found them and not the police. Tamzin Samuels, 20, said: "I do think the police could have done a lot more in putting the helicopters out earlier. "They only posted the appeal an hour before the girls were found. We found them before the police found them - we rang the police." She added: "The search party found the girls before the police found the girls. "I think that speaks volumes really, they had all that equipment, and we had cars when we were looking. "They were really popular girls, the life of the party, and it was really out of character for them to do what they did, which is why we knew something was wrong." Miss Samuels, a carer from Dyffryn, also paid tribute to her friends. "They were the life of the party. Darcy was known as a wild child, loved life and lived life to the fullest and she didn't care what anyone thought about her. She was great," she said. "Eve had a smile that could brighten a room as soon as she walked in. A real feisty, independent girl, but everyone loved her just as much. "I didn't really know the boys and one of our friends who is recovering, we just really hope [she is] on the road to recovery." Both South Wales Police and neighbouring force Gwent Police, said they have referred themselves to the Independent Office of Police Conduct (IOPC) "in line with normal procedure". An IOPC spokesman said: "We can confirm that Gwent Police have advised us that they are making a referral in connection with this tragic incident and we will carry out an assessment in due course to determine what further action may be required from us."