Prince Edward is likely to meet pop superstar Ariana Grande as the hunt continued for artists to perform at King’s Coronation. The 29-year-old popstar is presently in London to shoot the movie adaptation of the musical Wicked, in which she will portray Glinda the Good opposite Tony and Grammy Award winner Cynthia Erivo.  The Duke of Kent is likely to tour the set of the blockbuster movie later this week. A film insider told The Sun: “Edward’s visit has been kept under wraps. “He’d been invited as a guest of honour, and now he is going to actually meet some of the stars, including Ariana.” He may joke about her joining the Coronation but sources close to the star say she probably won’t perform, reported The Sun.   The King and Queen's aides are currently compiling a list of artists for the Coronation. Andrew Lloyd Webber, the English composer behind theater hits such as The Phantom of the Opera, Evita and Cats, will pen a new Coronation Anthem. He said in a statement: "I am incredibly honoured to have been asked to compose a new anthem for The Coronation. “My anthem includes words slightly adapted from Psalm 98. I have scored it for the Westminster Abbey choir and organ, the ceremonial brass and orchestra. I hope my anthem reflects this joyful occasion." READ MORE: Prince Harry knew naming his daughter Lilibet would 'cause trouble' The Coronation will take place on Saturday, May 6, and could be the perfect opportunity for Edward to ask Ariana if she could perform at the event. Sources close to the global superstar have suggested that the singer and actress will not be at the Coronation, according to The Sun. Members of the Royal Family, including the Prince and Princess of Wales and Prince George, are set to have starring roles in the grand event. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have also confirmed they received an invitation, however, it is not known whether they will be attending the event.  Don't miss... Putin loses five soldiers for every Ukrainian fighter killed [LATEST] Medway Council leader slammed for his comment on asylum seeking kids [INSIGHT] 'Big cat' evidence 'overwhelming' in UK as couple capture 'panther'  [SPOTLIGHT] Meanwhile, Prince Andrew might be banned from wearing ceremonial robes the ceremony in May. The King is said to be undecided over the decision to allow Prince Andrew to wear his velvet robes and insignia denoting his position as a Knight of the Garter after his out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre over allegations he vehemently denied. 