The Met Office has issued a yellow Level 2 cold weather alert with temperatures expected to plummet in the coming days. The weather service’s warning said there will be “severe cold weather with icy conditions and heavy snow”. Although spring is just around the corner, the start of the new season will be cooler than normal, according to The Met Office. So for those looking to tackle spring cleaning tasks like giving their mattress and bedding a thorough clean, they may have to deal with cooler temperatures compared to normal. And with more than a fifth of homes in the UK suffering from mould or damp issues, sofa bed manufacturers Sofabed.co.uk, have shared how to wash and dry bedding in cold weather. While most people may resort to their tumble dryers to dry bedding in the winter months, these are no longer an option for many households due to their running costs. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p Around two-thirds of Britons have a tumble dryer in the UK but with energy bills on the rise and a cost of living crisis raging on, many people are resorting to airers or bannisters. Steve Hamblett, owner of sofabed.co.uk said: “For homes without tumble dryers it can be difficult to know exactly how to dry our bedding indoors when the weather is cold and bleak. “Clothes airers are the obvious choice when it comes to drying your bedding inside but what happens if your sheets are too big to fit? “Firstly, wash your bedding first thing in the morning and allow your sheets to dry throughout the day before folding and storing them in the evening. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass [INSIGHT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [UPDATE]Cleaning solutions to ‘avoid’ using on your sofas [ANALYSIS] “Remember to keep in mind that the higher your thread count, the longer it will take to dry so this may impact where you choose to hang your damp washing.” When it comes to drying your bedding, try to choose a room with plenty of airflow that isn’t regularly used. A spare room, for example, with the windows open could be a good spot as you will avoid knocking them or adding moisture to them through breathing or movement. Steve continued: “The best way to dry your bedding indoors is to aim for a large surface area to allow the fabric to fully breathe. READ MORE: Get rid of ‘thick’ kettle limescale with 29p kitchen essential Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “If you’re able to, drape your damp sheets over the bannister so you can make use of the full length of your stairwell to dry them in a straight and upright position. Do the same with doors. “However, make sure to keep the door open whilst the item is drying to allow maximum airflow and to stop your sheets from getting damaged.” Homeowners should never hang their sheets on radiators as this can encourage mould to form. Steve added: “Hanging wet items on radiators can encourage mould to thrive, leading to a fungal condition called Aspergillosis.” It’s also imperative you don’t put your bedding away or back on your bed when it’s still wet. Damp bedding can harbour germs, can cause bad smells and can attract insects like mites. Damp bedding can be a breeding group for bacteria, fungi, germs and other microorganisms. However, mould fungi are the most common problem. Mould can cause allergic reactions like skin rashes, coughs, sore throats and respiratory infections.