Queen Camilla is set to be propelled to the top of the House of Windsor after spending two decades standing by her husband’s side. The 75-year-old is expected to be given equal billing as she is crowned alongside King Charles III at the Coronation on May 6. King Charles has reportedly insisted that his wife of almost 18 years should be placed on an almost equivalent footing to his own, demonstrating his dedication to the woman he describes as the “love of his life”. While many have noted Charles’s demonstration of appreciation, some commentators have been quick to point out that Camilla has long proved her devotion to her and Charles’s marriage. Christine Ross and Christina Garibaldi, hosts of the Royally Us podcast, discussed the upcoming Coronation during their latest episode. Speaking of Charles and Camilla’s “true love story,” Ms Ross said: “To go through all of that, in the name of love, you have got to really, really love the person.” Ms Garibaldi agreed, adding: “If we looked into how Queen Camilla has been treated in the last 20 to 25 years, it really is a testament to how much she and King Charles care about each other. “It just shows what a strong woman she is. I'm always amazed by her and her strength.” READ MORE: Four major obstacles Charles and Camilla faced in lead up to long-awaited wedding When Charles and Camilla’s relationship first came to light, the couple faced public criticism with many blaming then-Ms Parker Bowles for the dissolution of Charles’s marriage with Diana, Princess of Wales. Once described as the “most hated woman in Britain”, Camilla was vilified and, for a while, she and Charles conducted their relationship in private. Penny Junor, royal biographer and author of The Duchess: Camilla Parker Bowles and the Love Affair That Rocked the Crown, wrote about the Queen Consort’s strength shortly after the death of Queen Elizabeth II. “She [Camilla] was a very secure child growing up,” Ms Junor wrote for the Daily Mirror in September. “She’s had a hell of a lot of knocks along the way as an adult, but her foundations were rock solid. That is what enables her to be so strong. “She is an incredibly brave woman, too. You have to be jolly brave to come through the way she has – from the affair with Charles, her own divorce, the intimate tapes of her conversations with Charles being made public, the death of Diana, and to marry Charles after all that.” In 2004, the year before Charles and Camilla finally tied the knot, a Populus poll revealed just 32 percent of participants were on board with the future King marrying his former mistress. 29 percent were against the union, 38 percent didn’t care and two percent had no opinion. Once their engagement was announced, in February 2005, they faced another round of angry outbursts. Ms Junor recalled receiving emails from viewers of BBC Breakfast expressing their utter disgust at the news and, on one occasion, a woman even stood outside of Clarence House, the home the King and Queen Consort share, and declared the then-Prince of Wales should “never be king” if he wedded Camilla. Opposition against the marriage even came within the Royal Family, with Prince Harry recently revealing that he had fears of Camilla becoming his “wicked stepmother”. The Duke of Sussex confirmed long-told tales of he and his brother struggling to adjust to the arrival of their father’s second wife following the death of their beloved mother. In his autobiography Spare, which was highly critical of the Queen Consort, Harry compared meeting his stepmother for the first time to the pain of getting an “injection” and claimed he and Prince William begged their father not to remarry. Moreover, according to royal author Angela Levin, both Princess Anne and Prince Andrew were against their older brother marrying for a second time, feelings that were exacerbated by his wife-to-be’s past. The author, who appeared on an episode of Royally Us last month, claimed Anne and Andrew were opposed to the union because Camilla “had been married before and she wasn't from the right sort of family”. She went on to claim that “Andrew has a very different reason than to Princess Anne — he hoped that he could persuade his mother to throw Prince Charles out because he wasn't going to let Camilla go. “Therefore, Prince William could be the future king but he would be too young, so Andrew could take over and run it until William grew up. That was self-interest.”  Whereas Anne — known to be particularly driven — doubted Camilla’s work ethic and was unsure if she would be able to cope with the difficulties of public life. “She had also gone out with Camilla's first husband,” Ms Levin added. “They both crossed over with Andrew Parker Bowles. And so some of the reasons were the same, and some of their reasons were very different.” Moreover, the late Queen who once referred to Camilla as “that wicked woman,” was not wholly onboard with her heir’s marriage. Her Majesty was, of course, the most important person Camilla had to win over following Charles’s divorce from Diana in 1996 and the Princess’s tragic death a year later.  However, the monarch’s “issue with Camilla was never personal,” according to Ms Junor, who claimed: “She always liked her. But she was a divorcée, someone who had rocked the image of the monarchy to its core. “And she saw Camilla as the person really causing a problem in Charles and Diana’s marriage and it had become a huge issue dividing the country. So she wrongly thought that Camilla had to go.” The author continued: “Over time, the Queen gradually came to understand how crucial she was to Charles and eventually they became good friends.” Charles and Camilla went against the naysayers when they married in April 2005, and have continuously proven their dedication to one another in the years that have followed. Ms Junor said: “Had Camilla and Charles not stayed together, he would not be the man he is today. And if she had disappeared and stepped out of his life when the going got tough, he would not be the King Charles III we see today.”