KSI raised eyebrows in boxing circles when he announced a ‘groundbreaking’ new WWE-style team tag team match on his latest Misfits card in his bid to further push the boundaries in celebrity fighting. The Youtube star, musician and crossover boxer confirmed an unusual twist to his promotion’s fifth event as the Misfits CEO broke the news of an inaugural tag-team boxing encounter. Fans will see the tag team concept, which includes KSI’s former opponent Luis Pineda, debuted on Saturday March 4 at the Telford International Centre. Youtubers Jay Swinger and Nicholai Perrett will headline the 005 series event, as Misfits continue to establish themselves as the home of crossover boxing. And the undercard will feature the tag team match, with Mexican journeyman Pineda and online sensation BDave taking on Canadian comedian Kyle ‘Stromedy’ Godfrey and Austin Sprinz. JUST IN: Benn responds after being mocked by Domino's in social media exchange  “The first Misfits & DAZN tag team boxing match will change the sport forever,” KSI said recently. “The big stage of crossover boxing has not seen anything like this before. I absolutely cannot wait to see these two teams jump in the ring at 005.” And KSI further stoked the fire for bewildered hardcore boxing fans on Twitter as he joked: “Boxing purists won’t like this one.” While highly unorthodox, the tag-team match will at least provide some intrigue to a fight card that is perhaps lacking truly big-names from the online world. KSI is not due to fight under his own banner on this occasion after last taking to the ring against FaZe Temperrr at the 004 series event in London in January. “The Nightmare” defeated two fighters in one night last August before his devastating first-round knockout of the Brazilian Youtuber. DON'T MISSBenn cleared as enquiry finds 'eggs' responsible for failed testsJake Paul set for Piers Morgan interview amid Cristiano Ronaldo curseJake Paul takes aim at Tommy Fury with cruel Molly-Mae Hague dig His mind now appears firmly set on a possible blockbuster showdown with long-term rival Jake Paul and he is likely to watch the action from ringside in Telford in the fifth edition of the increasingly popular Misfits series. Misfits have been promoting the few remaining tickets available for the fight card, which will also include social media stars such as Deen The Great, Astrid Wett, King Kenny and Halal Ham. And viewers at home can watch the night of boxing action with a subscription to streaming platform DAZN. KSI has huge plans for his Misfits promotion, which plans to go global in 2023 with fight cards planned in Berlin, Ibiza, New Orleans, Nashville and Austin, as well as two shows in London.