British expats living in Poland have hailed the country as the perfect retirement location thanks to its affordability. Most Britons tend to flock to sunny spots like Spain, Portugal, or the south of France once they leave the world of work and the UK. Marianne Goodman and her husband Glenn, 58 and 61 respectively, left their old lives in Hartlepool to begin a new life in a village not far from a 13th century Teutonic Knights castle. Ms Goodman told the Daily Mail: "We found a lovely detached property for £130,000 with a pond, stables and an orchard. "We’re taking our two dogs, cats and a ferret with us, and I would like some goats and chickens, too. "I’ve always wanted to live in the countryside and grow my own vegetables. "So, this will be a bit like The Good Life, I guess", she said, referring to 1970’s British sitcom. Marianne and Glenn are not alone. On the other side of Poland, former NHS worker John is similarly pleased with his choice of retirement location. He says his new home in a village in the northwest of the country is his "happy place". He is surrounded by lakes and forests. John told MailOnline: "I’ve lived in Spain and in London, and Poland is better than both. "To put it simply, my life is wonderful." John moved there with his Polish partner. They spend a lot of time at their local restaurant speaking to friends from the area. Another fan of their new life in Poland is Johnny, who lives 100 miles south of John. He spends a lot of time at his local Irish pub. He moved to the city of Poznan from his hometown of Newcastle. READ MORE: Camping & caravan holidays - Brits should avoid two 'dangerous' drinks Johnny moved to Poznan with his Polish wife of 20 years, Grazyna. He moved there to set up a new cafe called English Johnny’s. He added: "Of course, we’re much better off here than in the UK, but I still pop back to do a bit of driving on the side and stock up on sausages and bacon so I can have a proper full English." Poland may not be everyone's first choice for a retirement location, but it is growing in popularity. Investing Reviews released a report which found that "2,213 people claiming a UK pension have set down their roots in Poland since Britain officially left the EU on 31 Jan 2020." Ross Naylor, owner of Financial Advice Poland, said: "One of the benefits for Brits retiring in Poland is that it is one of the countries where UK State Pension continues to rise with inflation. "Another is the fact that the tax treaty between the two countries clearly covers the treatment of pension income." DON'T MISSBritish pensioner swept out to sea to his death at popular beach [INSIGHT]Cheapest Mediterranean destinations to visit this summer [ANALYSIS]Cheapest destination for a summer holiday named [INSIGHT] Former NHS worker John says the cost of living is also a key benefit. He bought his three-bedroomed house with a terrace on a 5,000 sqm plot of land for £52,000. John added: "I used to live in a small flat in London. Now I have all this, which I’d never be able to afford in the UK." He said he can visit his local restaurant for a great meal for as little as 60 zloty (around £11) or up to a couple of hundred (around £40). John compared this new life, which he has enjoyed since 2025, to the more expensive lifestyle he had in London. He continued: "I was living in a small flat in London, working in telecoms for 18 years before being forced to take voluntary retirement. "I then started working at Great Ormond Street hospital and also at an HIV hospice. "My partner is Polish and we initially bought this place as a holiday home, but when I got to 65 we decided to come here permanently. "It was the obvious destination and we’ve never looked back." Johnny agreed, adding: "I’m proud to be British but of course it’s much better living here than in the UK."