Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will turn King Charles' Coronation into a "soap opera", a royal expert has claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex recently revealed they had received invitations to attend the King's upcoming celebrations.  Royal commentator Neil Sean told Fox Business: "They've got to be brave, haven't they? Having done what they've done. "It would take a back of steel to turn up and do this but we've seen that they've got a lot of chutzpah. "You know, they don't really care. The bottom line for them, in my opinion, is they would like to attend because it's monetary. "They would film this. They would turn it into some kind of monetary event." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan 'want to have their cake and eat it' as Coronation visit teased He added: "King Charles as a father would certainly like his youngest son there but let me tell you there has been no personal conversation between Charles for months, there's been no contact with Prince William for longer than a few months now. "This would make this Coronation all about the ex-royals and I think over here the consensus is this: The British public want it to be a celebratory day, an historical day, and they don't want it turned into a third-rate soap opera." The comments come shortly after a spokesperson for the Sussexes announced the couple had been invited to Charles' Coronation. The spokesman said: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation. READ MORE: Zara Tindall speaks of mum guilt and says she 'punishes herself for going to work' "An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." The Sussexes have had increasingly fraught relations with the Firm since taking a backward step from the Royal Family in 2020. Prince Harry's decision to release his highly-anticipated memoir Spare resulted in the couple's eviction from Frogmore Cottage. The couple's spokesman confirmed: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage."  DON'T MISS: Alex Murdaugh claims he's a victim of 'vitriol and misguided attacks'  [LATEST] DeSantis telling people he will challenge Trump for 2024 GOP ticket [REVEALED] Miracle as girl, 8, kidnapped in 2018 found alive in Mexico [INSIGHT] A deterioration in relations has also led to reports which claim the Sussexes are unlikely to appear on the balcony at Buckingham Palace. Express.co.uk has approached the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for comment. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews