A friend of Michael Schumacher has revealed she ‘misses’ the seven-time Formula 1 world champion ‘every day’. Schumacher - who is arguably F1’s greatest driver following his remarkable career - suffered life-changing injuries following a skiing accident in 2013. Since then the German has lived a life out of the limelight, with updates on his health and progress few and far between. Schumacher is of course best known for starring in the iconic red of Ferrari throughout his period of dominance. His presence within the sport is greatly missed, and not just by F1 fans but those he met throughout his distinguished career. This includes ‘Mamma Rossella’ who runs a restaurant within close proximity of Ferrari HQ in Marnella, Italy. Schumacher - alongside former boss Jean Todt - was a frequent diner at the restaurant, and became closer with Rossella. Nearly 10 years on from the accident, the restaurant owner hugely misses the seven-time world champion. Speaking to German outlet BILD about Schumacher’s absence from the public limelight, she said: “[I miss him] Every day. I also have a lot of photos of him here, so of course I think about him a lot. I miss him. I miss my friend." Following in his dad’s footsteps, Schumacher’s son Mick carried on the famous family name within F1 and was part of the Haas driving line-up for the last two seasons. Schumacher also had a long-affiliation with Ferrari, having been a part of their driving academy for four years before leaving at the end of 2022.  Don't miss... Lewis Hamilton to suffer more Max Verstappen misery in new F1 season [LATEST] Lewis Hamilton may not want to Bahrain GP given first race 'curse' [LATEST] Inside Sergio Perez's life including £4.3m collection and driving ban [LATEST] Like his dad, Schumacher Jr had a strong connection with Rossella, with one of the helmets shown off inside the restaurant. Sad to see the youngster call time on his Ferrari career in December, the restaurant owner added: “I was very disappointed that he didn't renew because I think he was a good fit for Ferrari. “But life goes on, I wish him the best.” Schumacher Jr has since joined up with Ferrari’s rivals Mercedes, where he acts as the Silver Arrows’ reserve driver behind Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. 