Gary Neville hailed Oleksandr Usyk as a “special man’ after spending time with the Ukrainian boxing champion ahead of his proposed undisputed heavyweight title showdown with Tyson Fury. Usyk opened up on his country being besieged by Russia as well as his next opponent Fury in a wide-ranging interview with Neville that was released on Monday. In the teaser for his new interview on The Overlap with Usyk, Neville concludes: “This is no ordinary man. This is a special man and he’s had to fight on every level in the ring and out of the ring.” And the Sky Sports pundit’s candid chat with Usyk reveals a different side to the WBO, WBA and IBF heavyweight champion during the half-an-hour long Youtube show. In the episode, Usyk opens up on the challenges faced during his upbringing and cuts an emotional figure discussing the loss of his father. He also talked about taking arms in Ukraine to defend his country from the Russian invasion before last year’s heavyweight title rematch victory over Anthony Joshua, as well as the impact the war has had on his family.  Don't miss... Tyson lends Usyk surprising tactical advice ahead of Fury showdown [LATEST] Attention then turned to boxing as Usyk issued his now-familiar playful insult to the WBC champion Fury.“Tyson Fury is belly!” Usyk said, mocking his fellow undefeated heavyweight's physique. Talks are still ongoing ahead of a scheduled fight date for the biggest bout of the year with Fury. And an unfazed Usyk declared the importance of making the fight happen when asked about the prospect of putting all his belts on the line against Fury. "I just need this fight and that's it," he said. "I think he needs it too. “This fight is very important for both of us because all four belts haven't been held by one person for 30 years in the heavyweight division. Don't miss... Fury vs Paul outranks Joshua return as Tyson a clear winner [LATEST] Fury's promoter tells team Usyk to 'shut up' as update given on talks [LATEST] Frank Warren agrees with Tyson Fury about Anthony Joshua [LATEST] "So, both of us need this fight. This will be like any other fight. It's just a big man who has never lost before against a man who has the WBC belt. Of course, it's possible to get carried away but actually, this is a normal fight for the right to win all belts." Usyk is also passionate about representing Ukraine on the global stage when he eventually touches gloves with Fury in his bid to become the undisputed heavyweight king. "I'm boxing for everyone who is defending our country right now and in the memory of those warriors who are no longer with us," he added. "Also for all those who want to be free and who stood for their country against those who came to conquer us."