Meghan Markle was "really letting it go" at her wedding, a close pal has claimed. Actor Idris Elba attended the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's ceremony in 2018 alongside other notable celebrities, including ex-Manchester United midfielder David Beckham. The former Luther star, who was also DJ during the reception, recently revealed how Meghan was the best dancer at the party. Elba told ET Canada: "I think Meghan was the one that was really letting it go." He added: "You know, she was real … she just had a lot of fun. "It was her wedding. So she had the greatest time." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan warned US is 'absolutely sick of them' as popularity plummets  Elba previously spoke about his experience as DJ at the wedding, claiming he was "so nervous". Speaking to BBC Radio 1Xtra in 2019, he added: "Meghan sent me a playlist with some bare tunes on it." Whitney Houston's I Want to Dance with Somebody and Dr Dre's Still DRE made the cut. The Sussexes recently celebrated yet another milestone at daughter Lilibet's christening. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf' The ceremony was held near the couple's home in California. Around 20 to 30 people were said to have attended Lilibet's christening. But King Charles, Queen Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton were among the members of the Royal Family to snub an invitation. Despite members of the Firm not attending the event, it has been confirmed that both Archie and Lilibet will now be able to use the title of Prince and Princess. DON'T MISS: Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet are missing key moment with Charles [LATEST] Harry and Meghan must 'grovel' at Coronation to make up with Hollywood [REVEALED] Harry and Meghan warned US is 'absolutely sick of them' [INSIGHT] Buckingham Palace said the royal website "will now be updated in due course" to reflect the titles. A royal source also confirmed Charles was notified of Meghan and Harry's intention to use the titles for their children, adding: "The appropriate conversations have taken place ahead of today’s news (of Lilibet’s christening)." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews