Emilia Clarke, 36, previously admitted she'd been told by a beautician that she needed fillers when she was just 28 - and now her skin has made her the target of trolls. However, the Game of Thrones star was defended against the backlash by fans, who declared her the hottest woman in Hollywood. The actress had shared an Instagram photo of herself clutching a mug with a positivity message emblazoned across the front. The wording read: "You're doing f****ng great," and appealed to many among her audience, as she revealed that it had been a gift from her mum. "I felt it was important to share this new found wisdom... Use it and reap the rewards," she captioned her post. She added the hashtags "#mumsreallydoknowbest", "#mycoldjustgotitsmedicine" and "#itstimetostartbackingyoselfpeople". READ NOW: Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update However, the trolls weren't keen on joining in on her message of positivity - and instead took aim at her appearance. She faced cruel comments over the unfiltered photos of her face, as she grinned happily. Vicious users targeted everything, including baby hairs which stood upright around her head. One even commented: "Mother of dragons, what happened to you?" Yet others praised her authenticity and refusal to be swayed by beauty standards, commenting that seeing "actual smile lines" on a photo was "beautiful". Some fans felt she was extra honest by not smoothing her skin in Photoshop or pretending that natural facial flaws didn't exist. As a result, she even had comments describing her as "the most beautiful woman in Hollywood". Emilia has resisted all pressure from beauticians to surgically enhance her face, saying she was "proud" that her life's experiences are reflected. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [LATEST] Love Island's Maya Jama models cleavage-baring dress for villa return [PICTURES] Amanda Holden flaunts cleavage in cut-out dress at show with mum [OUTFIT] In an interview with Elle magazine, she tackled the subject of aging in more detail. "'At 34, I am wiser, more intelligent, I've had more experiences, I've done all this stuff, and I'm proud of that," she told the publication in 2021. "If my face is gonna reflect the time that I've spent on this earth, I'm down for that." She has also revealed that she was much more insecure in her earlier years, even suffering imposter syndrome in the film industry. Her youth also brought uncomfortable experiences that it took a learning process to overcome. For example, she divulged that she hadn't known her Game of Thrones role required nudity before accepting it - and that she was so miserable when she realised, that she would cry over it. She was only 23 and straight out of drama school when she was launched into the role, and recalled she was "terrified" as she "didn't know what to do". Years on from those first scantily clad scenes with Jason Momoa, she is now cool, calm and confident.