Disabled people already faced extra costs of £583 per month on average before the cost of living crisis worsened their situation further, according to research from Scope. This figure has only risen exponentially amid the soaring energy bills, food prices, and general cost inflation sweeping the UK since early 2022. Despite Government aid, an increasing number of disabled people are still struggling to cope, which is leading to heightened calls for better, more targeted support. Susan from West Silvertown, East London, has severe spinal and bowel conditions which leave her doubly incontinent. She also has emphysema and asthma, and cannot produce antibodies. To live, Susan relies on electric powered equipment, such as an oxygen tank, a medication fridge, and a wheelchair to name a few. Sharing her frustrations, Susan told Express.co.uk: “I'm living in one room. “I've got a halogen fire because that's all I can afford. I can't afford to put the radiators on at all. And it's bad for my health because I've got no antibodies at all, which makes me a high risk of infection.” Rising energy bills have had a “dramatic” impact on Susan’s mental and physical well-being. She said: “I've got a £300 gas bill - I paid £50 off of it yesterday. They were going to disconnect my gas. And I explained that they will be jeopardising my life if they turn off the gas. READ MORE: ‘Optimum temperature’ to heat homes and avoid ‘negative impacts’  “I'm paying £75 a month standing order and even with the help, I'm still in £300 debt. It’s appalling. I can't even afford to buy food.” Susan said she’s currently “living on cereal at night” and has a vitamin B12 deficiency and low potassium levels, putting her “kidneys at risk”. She continued: “I'm not eating what I should be eating because I can't afford it. It's either, do I put the heating on or do I try and get myself some food? But again I still can't buy the food because I've still got to pay off this £300 debt. “I can’t remember the last time I had a cooked meal. Even if I could afford the food, I’d be scared to turn the oven on for the amount it would cost. We just don't get enough to live on. We can't pay our bills and buy food. It has come down to a choice and it is absolutely ludicrous.”  Don't miss... Martin Lewis shares key tips to get energy bills ‘cheaper’ [EXPLAINED] Suicide rates among disabled Britons 'disproportionately high' [INSIGHT] Britons face £2,500 a year in extra costs from April [LATEST] While energy providers, as well as the Government, have been issuing various means of support, from hardship funds to the energy bill support scheme, finding out about the help available has posed a particular challenge for disabled people. Susan said: “There's a lot of people like myself that can't get out and about. It isn’t advertised where you can get help from. There are a lot of people out there that are not very clued up on information and how to access these things and they're sort of shut out. “It's a bit like they're segregated on their own. Everything at the moment is, ‘It's best to go on the internet and put in this website’, but some people are not technical-orientated and these sorts of people are being left behind because they're not sure what they're entitled to claim. “It is absolutely dreadful. I fight as much as I can with every breath in my body for disabled people because we need to be acknowledged. Don't ignore us because we're not going to go away and the problem's not going to go away. READ MORE: Households urged to perform ‘simple’ cost-free job to keep heat in  “I would put a challenge to anyone in the Government to come and live in my house for a week and see how a disabled person lives on what we're receiving.” Commenting on the crisis, James Taylor, director of strategy at disability equality charity Scope, said: “Disabled people are being hit hardest by eyewatering energy costs. We’re inundated with heart-breaking calls from disabled people who haven’t eaten for days, who can’t afford the energy to charge wheelchairs and stairlifts, but are still racking up huge energy debts. “We need a long-term solution because life costs more if you are disabled." With intense cost pressures prevailing, Scope research has found disabled households are self-rationing. Up to 43 percent are said to have cut back on electricity and gas usage, and 38 percent have had to reduce water usage. Scope has also seen numerous safeguarding concerns, with callers feeling hopeless and suicidal amid mounting bills. Scope’s Disability Energy Support service has received more than double the calls (up 111 percent) since this time last year, with a third of callers in debt averaging around £800, and more than a third of all callers were said to have medical equipment which needs energy. Scope is calling on the Government to bring forward the disabled cost of living payment and legislate for a social energy tariff for disabled people with high energy usage linked to their conditions, and for those on the lowest incomes. Louise Rubin, head of policy and campaigns at Scope told Express.co.uk: "Extending the energy price guarantee is a good short-term response to crushing energy bills. But we can all see that Susan’s story shines a light on why the Government needs to go further and move quicker.  “At Scope, we hear from thousands of disabled people like Susan, some who are eating one meal a day, others who are sitting in the dark, and who are trying to get by on the smallest amount of money. “This is happening more and more every day. Stories and experiences like these are horrifying to hear from citizens of a developed country. That’s why the next disability cost of living payment needs to be brought forward, and the Government must urgently introduce a social or discounted energy tariff for disabled people.” A spokesperson from the department for energy security and net zero told Express.co.uk: “We know this is a difficult time for families, which is why the Government covered around half of the typical household’s energy bill over the winter. “Energy bills support will continue through our Energy Price Guarantee until April 2024. We’ll also be targeting additional support to the vulnerable, including a £900 payment for those on means-tested benefits, and an extra £150 for disabled people.” The spokesperson also said the Government is working to develop options for a "new approach" to consumer support following the end of the Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) in April 2024. 