Chelsea could miss out on signing Newcastle United ace Bruno Guimaraes this summer - but American owner Todd Boehly may have another trick up his sleeve. Guimaraes is supposedly "on the verge" of signing a new contract with the north-east outfit, but The Telegraph report that his long-term future is more uncertain. Their report claims there is a long queue to snatch the 25-year-old, with Boehly and co keen to place themselves at the very front. This comes after the Blues were previously linked a few months back to bolster the side’s midfield options. However, he reportedly wants to be playing for the biggest trophies around, most notably the Champions League. At present, Chelsea’s most likely route to Europe’s biggest club competition is through winning this year’s edition, while Newcastle are positioned nicely to challenge for a spot in the Premier League's top four. According to their report, both Chelsea and Real Madrid expressed an interest in Guimaraes towards the back-end of last year. They added that Chelsea made an enquiry in January, only to be quickly knocked back. If Chelsea do miss out on the Brazilian midfielder, it seems Boehly may have three options already lined up, with the likes of Moises Caicedo, Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham names being thrown around. Rice has been Chelsea's main midfield target for some time and that has not changed. Chelsea are believed to see their former academy midfielder as their first choice target. Meanwhile, Jude Bellingham is another high-profile name that could tempt the American billionaire. Caicedo is another name is on his list. However, Boehly faces stiff competition from Liverpool, with the Ecudorian currently valued at around £85m ($101m). Boehly has been no stranger to splurging the cash since taking over the reigns in west London in May 2022, spending close to £600m ($718m) on 17 players during his short time in charge. In fact, in January, Chelsea spent £319.5m ($382m) - accounting for nearly half of the total expenditure of the Premier League in that month alone. The club have forked the most out on a January transfer deadline day deal for Enzo Fernandez, costing an eye-watering £107m ($128m) to make it the most expensive transfer record in Premier League history. In the same window, Chelsea signed Mykhalo Mudryk from Shakhtar Donetsk, a full £88m ($105m). Wesley Fofana, Marc Cucurella and Raheem Sterling all cost more than £50m ($60m) in the summer of 2022 as well, with the two two loan signings, Joao Felix and Denis Zakaria costing the club cash without any future permanent transfer lined up.