The potential takeover of Manchester United has moved another step closer as parties including both Sheikh Jassim of Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe have reportedly been invited to Old Trafford for the second stage of the process. Representatives from the Qatari bid are due to fly into Manchester next week as US bankers Raine Group look to secure a deal that ends the Glazer family's time in charge of the club. Neither public bidders have yet met the Glazers’ £6billion valuation of United and though Sky Sports have claimed that Qatar could walk away from any deal if they feel as if they are bidding against themselves, the Middle Eastern bid remains as one of the frontrunners. However, the United boss may be extremely wary of the potentially incoming new owners. While the Qatar interest is not linked with Qatar Sports Investments, who currently own Paris Saint-Germain, the French giant’s president Nasser Al-Khelaifi will be consulted on the deal according to talkSPORT. The Qatari businessman has been in charge at PSG since 2011 and amid the whirlwind of broken transfer records and the likes of Lionel Messi, Neymar and Kylian Mbappe plying their trade in Paris, they have failed to achieve their dream of winning the Champions League and have built up a reputation of giving their stars players too much power. Just in... Paul Pogba left out of Juventus squad for 'disciplinary reasons' [LATEST] Another European dream ended on Wednesday as PSG were knocked out of the Champions League by Bayern Munich, prompting a furious Al-Khelaifi to meet with the club’s board to discuss removing head coach Christophe Galtier from his position, according to Relevo. Galtier only took charge in the summer and has PSG eight points clear at the top of the Ligue 1 table, but another failure in Europe could prompt Al-Khelaifi to act again having already parted ways with the likes of Carlo Ancelotti, Thomas Tuchel and Mauricio Pochettino during his time in charge. Don't miss... Man Utd star Rashford shot down after 'impossible' Liverpool defence [INTERVIEW] Man Utd ignoring Paul Scholes' Diogo Dalot 'problem' warning [ANALYSIS] Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement [TRANSFERS] Ten Hag will be wary that potential Qatari owners have been advised by Al-Khelaifi and may act in the same way as the trigger-happy chief. Though United under Ten Hag have been steadily improving and remain the only team on the continent still with a chance to win four trophies this season, the Dutchman could be worried that Sheikh Jassim and co will not hesitate to fire him if they are unhappy with results. A concern would be whether the potential new owners would understand and continue to trust the process following a 7-0 humiliating defeat to fierce rivals Liverpool or would they, under advisement from Al-Khelaifi, make a statement by firing Ten Hag and finding another head coach to take his place in a similar fashion to PSG.