A university’s new policy about “intimate relationships” means lecturers or tutors could be sacked if they get involved with a student. From next month these staff at Oxford University risk being fired if they are in a relationship with any students they have a responsibility for.  And staff are also being “strongly discouraged” from any other close personal relationship with students “which transgresses the boundaries of professional conduct”. Oxford University says the policy has been developed over many months and with consultation across the establishment. The Daily Telegraph reports that the ban follows calls for a ban on “inappropriate relationships” from "It Happens Here", an Oxford University Student Union group which campaigns against sexual violence. Two years ago the group warned that such relationships “raise issues relating to inequalities of power in a relationship, or perceived favouritism, or the undermining of trust in the academic process”.  The university’s existing policy allows intimate relationships, although they are strongly discouraged and must be declared to a line manager. The new policy starts on April 17. Oxford University says in scenarios where a staff member is in an existing relationship with a student it will focus on “avoiding conflicts of interest by ensuring the staff member ceases to have, or does not acquire, any responsibility for the student”. The policy follows in the footsteps of a small number of other universities that have banned relationships between staff and students, including University College London and the University of Nottingham. The Office for Students (OfS), the higher education regulator, launched a consultation last month on new regulations to help universities tackle harassment and sexual misconduct. READ MORE: Brexiteer wants to take back control of roads with can the cones Bill  Proposals include either completely banning staff-student relationships or forcing staff to disclose them to their manager. OfS chief executive Susan Lapworth said: “The majority of those working in higher education behave appropriately towards their students. “But we recognise that there can be a power imbalance in personal relationships that could be exploited by unscrupulous staff to subject students to harassment or sexual misconduct.” A recent Freedom of Information (FOI) request showed that five student complaints of sexual misconduct by staff at Oxford have been upheld in the past five years. But only one staff member was suspended, and then dismissed.  Don't miss... Prince Harry's drug chat branded 'hugely irresponsible' by expert [REPORT] Massive 15ft shark attacks two swimmers in Hawaii [PICTURED] Ukraine rallies defences in final effort to hold Bakhmut from Russia [ANALYSIS] The Oxford Students’ Union says there should be tougher sanctions against university employees who have sexual misconduct complaints upheld against them. An Oxford University spokesperson said: “[The University] is working hard to build a culture where our students can feel safe and where sexual violence and harassment are not tolerated.” The university says the new policy on student-staff relationships was not developed in response to the information revealed in the FOI request. Prestigious universities in the United States of America like Princeton, Harvard and Yale have already banned student-staff relationships. Many students say they would not consider a relationship with a member of university staff, but others have reported falling in love with a lecturer or tutor. A National Union of Students poll in 2018 found that around 80 percent of students were uncomfortable with staff having romantic or sexual relationships with students. The survey, which had almost 2,000 responses, found that 40 percent of respondents had experienced at least one instance of sexualised behaviour from staff. More than 10 percent of respondents who were current students said they had been touched by a staff member in a way that made them uncomfortable. 