Millions of Brits are looking to save money on household bills as cost of living rises, but one utility bill that's often overlooked is broadband. With working from home a given for most people nowadays, reliable broadband is a necessity and the good news is that you don't need to make a dent in your budget for good quality broadband you can depend on. Shell Energy Broadband currently has an offer with FREE broadband for one month* on selected plans when you sign up for an 18-month contract with packages starting from £18.99. Head to shellenergy.co.uk/broadband and sign up to one of the selected broadband products before Sunday 2 April, 2023, and you’ll get FREE broadband for one month*. A £5.57 router delivery fee applies. Other charges may apply. There are plenty of reasons as to why Shell Energy Broadband needs to be on your radar - check out some of the top ones below... Don't miss out, switch easily by heading to shellenergy.co.uk/broadband. *New customers. Available on selected broadband products only. Offer ends 2 April 2023. Price quoted here is for our Fast Broadband product. One months Fast Broadband Service Charge is applied as a one-off bill credit to your Shell Energy Broadband account within 90 days following your service start date. From £18.99 a month for the remainder of your contract. A £67.50 charge may apply if we need to install a new telephone line. A £5.57 router delivery fee applies. Call packages, call charges, call service charges and optional features are not included.Your monthly charges may increase each year from 2024 on or after 1 April by the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation plus up to 3%. For example, if you’re paying £30 per month, and the January CPI figure is 2%, we may apply an increase of up to 5%. At 5%, your monthly price would increase to £31.50 after 1 April 2024. Average download speed of 11Mb/s. Speeds vary by location. Average speeds based on speed available to at least 50% of customers at peak time (8-10pm). Your actual speed will be dependent on your location, phone line, home wiring, wi-fi connection and time of day. You can check the estimated speed to your property prior to purchasing. See promotional terms and conditions at shellenergy.co.uk/broadband.