A man in his early twenties set himself on fire at a US university campus on Wednesday. He sustained second-and third-degree burns over much of his body and was taken to a nearby trauma centre, according to the Berkeley Fire Department. Video captured on a nearby phone shows the young man completely engulfed flames running through the University of California Berkeley campus. One person is heard repeatedly shouting “get on the ground” at the torched man, whose identity has not been disclosed, but he does not respond. In what looks like a desperate attempt to stop the man on fire, someone throws their bike at him. Other onlookers try to come to the man’s aid by pouring water on him and padding the flames with their jackets. A woman who tried to put the fire out was taken to a different medical facility for minor burns, authorities said. READ MORE: Teacher denies claims she took 6ft6 student's Nintendo Switch before senseless beating Another bystander who came to the man’s aid was also treated for burns and released at the scene. It has been reported that the man was suffering from a mental health episode and was quoted as telling first responders who were trying to save him to “leave him alone”. Rachel Diao, who also witnessed the self-immolation, told the Berkeley Scanner that the man was shouting “Mormon Mafia” and that he ran from and pushed away those trying to extinguish the flames. “I could feel the heat coming off of him and I saw his skin and clothes burn off,” she recalled. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry eviction just the start as 'new Sheriff in town' [INSIGHT]What Alex Murdaugh said as he was handed two life sentences [LATEST]Police officer, 32, shot dead in front of kids playing outside [REPORT] Eyewitness Tony Delacruz, who works in a nearby student store, was returning from his break a little after 4pm when he heard yelling and commotion on the campus grounds. He rushed outside and saw the man “completely engulfed in flames”. He told local news outlet Berkeleyside that the man seemed “indifferent” to the fire but appeared angry and was shouting in the direction of the bystanders around him. Delacruz ran back into the store to retrieve a fire extinguisher, but by the time he came out, Enrique Rojas, manager at a nearby sandwich store, was already battling the flames with an extinguisher. READ MORE: Shocking moment driver completely destroys building in deadly police chase Rojas was seen walking beside the man and eventually discharging the entire fire extinguisher on him. He returned back to the cafe once police arrived on the scene. By then, the fire had burned through the man’s shirt and pants, and responding officers struggled to get the victim on the ground. The University of California Police Department is investigating the incident. Berkeley’s police and fire departments and Berkeley Mental Health responded to the scene. “The person’s identity and condition is unknown at this time,” according to a UC Berkeley representative. “We do not know if the individual is affiliated with the university.”