There's nothing better than fish and chips fresh from your local chip shop but it's much cheaper and healthier to cook your own "fakeaway" version at home. While you can buy bottles of readymade curry sauce in most supermarkets, it's incredibly easy to whip up from scratch. A chef has shared their chip-shop-inspired recipe so you can enjoy it hot from the pan. Everyone has a different go-to sauce when it comes to fish and chips whether they're from the shop or home-cooked. While salt, vinegar, tartar and ketchup are arguably the most popular, gravy and curry sauce are at the top of the list for many Britons. In a recent video on his Instagram profile, Chef Thomas Bateman (@chefthombateman) shared an easy recipe based on his own favourite chip shop Liverpool. Thom's version of "chip shop curry sauce" is the perfect blend of sweet and spicy flavours, and takes just half an hour to cook from scratch. READ MORE: Sainsbury's shoppers stage an odd sit-in protest on egg aisle DON'T MISS....Cooking pasta in table salt could be harmful, study warns [REVEAL]Simple and cheap air fryer recipe to make the perfect burger at home [RECIPE]Two-ingredient breakfast bagel recipe that takes just 10 minutes [INSIGHT] To make enough for four portions of chips, start by slicing your onions and garlic. Heat a large pan on the hob and add a little oil before pouring in the onions. Sprinkle a pinch of salt over them and add the garlic, grated ginger and tomato paste. Cook out for three minutes, stirring until the onions are soft and lightly browned. READ MORE: 'Easy, quick, delicious' bacon air fryer recipe is 'the best' Measure out one teaspoon each of ground cumin, coriander and turmeric and stir in the pan. Don't forget your half teaspoon of chilli powder and a tablespoon of Garam Masala at this point. Cooking the fragrant spices out for a further two minutes, stirring regularly to avoid sticking. Next, add the stock and coconut milk to form the liquid element of this chip-shop classic. To avoid a runny consistency, you should leave the sauce to simmer for 30 minutes on a lower heat. You don't need a lid for this but you should keep an eye on the sauce to check it isn't burning while you wait.Once your timer is up, take the sauce off the heat and use a hand blender to blitz it into a silky consistency. You can do this in the pan before adding the honey and soy for extra flavour. Thicken with your cornflour or starch mix until you're happy with the thickness and season with salt to taste.