The Halloween star was just one Oscar recipient for the hit action-comedy Everything Everywhere All At Once, alongside Best Supporting Actor Ke Huy Quan. However, Jamie Lee Curtis’ win at the 95th Academy Awards has proven controversial, as cinephiles and Marvel fans were rooting for Angela Bassett to pick up a long-overdue accolade for Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. Viewers weren’t happy as Bassett was "snubbed" by The Academy, in favour of Curtis, for the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. According to the latest odds, Curtis was only third favourite to win behind Bassett and The Banshees of Inisherin’s Kerry Condon. Her win drew an unmistakable gasp from the audience in the Dolby Theatre, and also prompted angry reactions from fans on social media. Many others praised the Black Panther star’s reaction as she kept a straight face and refused to feign excitement. READ MORE: Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose @Paula_Galloway tweeted: “She knew. She knew ahead of time. She’d prepared herself for it. “This isn’t the first time they’ve shaded her. No offence to Jamie Lee. She did an incredible job. But, Queen Angela’s flowers are about 30 years over damn due.” @hautePJones tweeted: “You could see the disappointment on her face. “Jamie Lee Curtis wasn't even the best supporting actress of her own movie - it should have gone to the fearless Stephanie Hsu.” “Angela Bassett losing to Jaime Lee Curtis for Best Supporting Actress has to be the biggest Oscars snub of all time,” Jin Jerelle said. @t3medias wrote: “I can understand people's reaction to her not standing up for Jamie Lee Curtis, because you always gotta stay classy. “This just feels like her last snubs. The momentum was on her side. “I like Curtis too but she did not give a better performance than Angela Bassett.” Don't miss... The Last of Us' Pedro Pascal looks sharp with sister on Oscars carpet [LATEST] Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose [NEWS] Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [COMMENT] And @baby_izabel fumed: “Angela Bassett didn’t win Best Supporting Actress for Wakanda Forever even though her monologue after losing her daughter sent chills through the theatre. “Can’t say I’m shocked though, the Oscars F*****G SUCK and always snubs the greats.” Curtis herself was clearly surprised by the award, as she screamed “Shut up!” when her name was announced. After her speech, Creed III stars Michael B Jordan and Jonathan Majors took the stage for the next award and paid tribute to Bassett. “Hey Auntie,” Majors said, before Jordan added: “We love you.” Jordan co-starred with Bassett in both Black Panther films, whilst Majors recently joined the Marvel universe as supervillain Kang the Conqueror. Outside of the MCU, Bassett’s other acclaimed performances include Malcolm X, Boyz n the Hood, Mission Impossible: Fallout and TV series 9-1-1 and American Horror Story. The 95th Academy Awards are available to stream on NOW and Sky Go.