Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag hit out at VAR after Casemiro was sent off and Marcus Rashford was denied a penalty in the 0-0 draw with Southampton on Sunday. The 10-men Red Devils could not find a way past the visitors' defence as they were forced to settle for a point at Old Trafford on a disappointing afternoon for Ten Hag's outfit, who will have to make due without their midfield general for the next few weeks. The Brazilian will miss the next four matches after picking up his second red card of the season, as he was initially given a yellow for a foul on Carlos Alcaraz but VAR overturned the decision and sent the influential 29-year-old off. United's unbeaten home run stretched to 22 games but the record came under threat as relegation battlers Southampton pushed to take what would have been a vital three points at the bottom of the table, but a combination of David De Gea and the woodwork prevented Ruben Selles' outfit from victory, while at the other end of the pitch Bruno Fernandes hit the post. Rashford felt that he should have been awarded a penalty as he went round Gavin Bazunu and claimed that he was caught by the goalkeeper, but the referee waved away his protests. Ten Hag also agreed in an attack on the officials. "Definitely [a penalty]. There's no doubt. I don't know why VAR didn't interrupt," he told Sky Sports.  MUST READ Erik ten Hag told to ignore Scholes and shun Casemiro for Rashford [ANALYSIS] "Casemiro played over 500 games in Europe and never once got a red card. Now he has two in the Premier League. His absence is not the issue. We will deal with that. This game was influenced by the referee. "What I think is the inconsistency, players don't know any more what the policy is. Big compliments to the team. They showed big character to play so long with 10. They were physically and mentally strong to get a point."  Don't miss... Man Utd face £70m dilemma for Gabri Veiga after Bellingham and De Jong [GOSSIP] Manchester United 'make decision' on breaking Grealish record for Kane [TRANSFERS] Man Utd boss Ten Hag add nine targets to summer transfer shortlist [LATEST] While Alejandro Garnacho was forced off just 15 minutes after he was introduced to the game as a substitute, as he was spotted leaving Old Trafford on crutches and Ten Hag provided an update on the young Argentine. "A bad tackle," the Dutchman added. "I think he twisted his ankle. I didn't want to take any chances. At 10, I wanted all players 100%." The result leaves United 16 points off Premier League leaders Arsenal following the Gunners' 3-0 win away to Fulham, but eight points clear of Liverpool in fifth place as Jurgen Klopp's outfit also slipped up against a relegation candidate with their 1-0 defeat to Bournemouth on Saturday. MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football. Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 