Gary Lineker will return to host Match of the Day after the BBC issued a humbling apology to the presenter following his suspension on Friday. The 62-year-old was taken off air by the public broadcasting service on Friday after he had compared the language used pertaining to the government's immigration policy to that of Nazi Germany in tweets earlier this week. In a statement after the BBC apologised to Lineker, he said: “I am glad that we have found a way forward. I support this review and look forward to getting back on air.” He later went on to expand on social media: "After a surreal few days, I’m delighted that we have navigated a way through this. I want to thank you all for the incredible support, particularly my colleagues at BBC Sport, for the remarkable show of solidarity. Football is a team game but their backing was overwhelming. "I have been presenting sport on the BBC for almost 3 decades and am immeasurably proud to work with the best and fairest broadcaster in the world. I cannot wait to get back in the MOTD chair on Saturday. "A final thought: however difficult the last few days have been, it simply doesn’t compare to having to flee your home from persecution or war to seek refuge in a land far away. It’s heartwarming to have seen the empathy towards their plight from so many of you." READ MORE A delicate dilemma for the BBC on Gary Lineker's free speech [COMMENT] The BBC faced a huge backlash from its staff as they boycotted their sports programmes over the weekend in support of Lineker and now the British broadcasting giant has apologised to former England striker Lineker in a statement. Match of the Day aired a 20-minute highlights package with no commentary or analysis as commentators boycotted the programme, while MOTD2 was aired for just 15 minutes on Sunday. Final Score and BBC Radio 5 Live programmes were also affected as the walkout impacted the BBC on a large scale. In an apology to Lineker, director-general of the BBC, Tim Davie, said: “Everyone recognises this has been a difficult period for staff, contributors, presenters and, most importantly, our audiences. I apologise for this. DON'T MISS Chris Sutton goes against the grain with stance on Gary Lineker row [REACTION] Tory MPs say BBC cannot allow Lineker back unless he ends tweets [POLITICS] Alan Shearer and Ian Wright return to TV a day after boycotting BBC [NEWS] "The potential confusion caused by the grey areas of the BBC’s social media guidance that was introduced in 2020 is recognised. I want to get matters resolved and our sport content back on air. Impartiality is important to the BBC. It is also important to the public. The BBC has a commitment to impartiality in its Charter and a commitment to freedom of expression. "That is a difficult balancing act to get right where people are subject to different contracts and on air positions, and with different audience and social media profiles. The BBC’s social media guidance is designed to help manage these sometimes difficult challenges and I am aware there is a need to ensure that the guidance is up to this task. It should be clear, proportionate, and appropriate. Should Gary Lineker return to Match of the Day? Sare your thoughts in the comments section below “Accordingly, we are announcing a review led by an independent expert – reporting to the BBC – on its existing social media guidance, with a particular focus on how it applies to freelancers outside news and current affairs. The BBC and myself are aware that Gary is in favour of such a review. “Shortly, the BBC will announce who will conduct that review. Whilst this work is undertaken, the BBC’s current social media guidance remains in place. “Gary is a valued part of the BBC and I know how much the BBC means to Gary, and I look forward to him presenting our coverage this coming weekend.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE