Vanessa Bryant has settled her claims with Los Angeles County for $28.85million (£24million) regarding shared photos of the 2020 helicopter crash that killed her NBA icon husband Kobe, daughter Gianna and seven others. The incident rocked all of sports, with many around the world paying tribute to the victims of the horrific crash. On January 26 2020, Kobe was traveling with daughter Gianna and seven others to a youth basketball game when the helicopter they were aboard crashed into hills in Calabasas west of Los Angeles. All nine people on board were killed with federal safety officials blaming pilot error for the crash. Following the tragic helicopter crash that killed the Los Angeles Lakers legend as well as others, it was discovered that first responders shared photos of the victims - including Kobe. The Altobelli and Mauser families, whose loved ones were also victims of the crash, received a million dollars each after they had sued the county for invasion of privacy and negligence. In Bryant’s case, the county originally insisted the photos were not shared on the internet or in any public forum outside of isolated incidents at a bar and an awards banquet. However, the case escalated after she won a court order to compel the pretrial deposition testimony of LA County Sheriff Alex Villanueva and Fire Chief Daryl Osby in October 2021. READ MORE: Giannis slammed for poking fun at Durant and given reality check Mrs Bryant has now reached a settlement with Los Angeles County. The total reparations include the $15m (£12.5m) already awarded to her after a federal court trial in August 2022. “Today marks the successful culmination of Mrs. Bryant's courageous battle to hold accountable those who engaged in this grotesque conduct,” Luis Li, Bryant's attorney, said in a statement. “She fought for her husband, her daughter, and all those in the community whose deceased family were treated with similar disrespect. “We hope her victory at trial and this settlement will put an end to this practice.” DON'T MISSSan Antonio Spurs on record losing streak amid NBA race for WembanyamaLeBron James finally has 'complete team' as Lakers outclass WarriorsMeet 7 foot 4 NBA prospect dubbed “most talented since LeBron James" The lead lawyer representing Los Angeles County, Mira Hashmall, claimed the settlement was ‘fair and reasonable’ and added it ‘resolves all outstanding issues related to pending legal claims in state court, future claims by the Bryant children, and other costs, with each party responsible for its respective attorneys' fees’. Co-plaintiff Chris Chester, whose wife and daughter were also killed in the crash, received a $19.95m (£16.7m) settlement. In the aftermath of the crash, photos were reportedly shared among employees of the Los Angeles County sheriff’s and fire departments, including those playing video games and at the aforementioned banquet. During the 11-day trial in August 2022, Bryant testified that news of the photos added to her immense grief just a month after the crash, leading to panic attacks as she worried that the photos remained in circulation.