Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William completed their family in 2018 with the arrival of Prince Louis. More recently, the Wales children have been seen in public attending many royal engagements and important occasions, and a body language expert has analysed Kate and William’s interactions with their children, and whether the Princess has a favourite. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to body language expert Judi James about Kate’s interactions with each of her children. Judi said: “Kate has some overall body language traits with her children that we can see giving a balanced blend of loving attention and reassurance or ‘soothing’ rituals, like patting, hair-stroking and mimed hugs and the kind of calm, fuss-free behaviour that will grow all three children’s confidence and enjoyment when they appear in public. “Children can pick up on a parent’s body language cues like signals of anxiety or tension and Kate seems to be very good at making sure this doesn’t happen. “She looks like a motivational mother rather than a tense one, spending time to try to create as many enjoyable moments during public appearances as she can so that her children don’t learn to dread them as previous generations of royals have.” READ MORE: Fast food restaurant Kate Middleton ‘won’t take her children to’ She continued: “We can see her using intense listening and conversational skills with George to ensure he will find his public appearances don’t feel too much like a chore or nothing better than his necessary duty as a future king. “Her body language with her elder son [George] suggests she and William are in total agreement when it comes to how he should be brought up, given the uniqueness of his role. “William tends to pair off with George more than Kate at public events, with the two future kings dressing alike and George mirroring his father’s body language to suggest some intensive role modelling. “Kate tends to compliment this mirroring by behaving towards them in the same way now that George is older, endorsing it while also offering a hand to hold or a small pat on the back to George now and again.” Don't miss... Man who was ‘addicted to takeaways’ sheds 6st with ‘no fad diet’  [EXCLUSIVE] Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ [COMMENT] Cook ‘evenly crispy bacon every time’ with chefs unusual method [VIDEO] Judi added: “Charlotte, on the other hand, is clearly using Kate as her role model and this would imply strong levels of empathy and admiration between mother and daughter. “Kate will tend to hold Charlotte’s hand in public, although less frequently now and Charlotte seems to be role-sharing the care of little Louis now when they are out together as a family. “Kate might have needed to deal with at least one ‘moment’ when Charlotte shed some tears in public in the past but there is no sense that Kate is anticipating any problems since. “She even looking relaxed when Charlotte did what many small children do, trying to pull her mum along when she was spending too much time talking.” READ MORE: Royal style rule Princess Anne reportedly 'turns a blind eye' to The expert looked at images of Kate at Prince Louis’s christening and said: “Kate looked so utterly radiant at Louis’s christening that his birth almost seemed to signal the beginning of Kate’s launch as a confident and popular royal in her own right. “She looked at her most relaxed as a parent and the equally relaxed and eternally happy-looking Louis seemed to bring smiles, playfulness and joy into all four of their lives.” In terms of Kate’s interactions with her youngest son of late, Judi explained: “Kate looks wonderfully indulgent with Louis but that’s probably because he is the most uninhibited of her children, lacking any signals of shyness and seeming completely undaunted by public events. “With two older siblings to inherit some of the pressures of being royal, Louis must need less training when it comes to royal protocols and behaviours and any that he does need can be supplied by his siblings as well as his mum and dad.” Alongside Easter weekend, the next occasion the public will see George, Charlotte and Louis is across the Coronation weekend. According to The Sunday Times, Kate is happy for George to take part in the Coronation service as long as he is not “subjected to overwhelming scrutiny”. While George’s role is not yet set out, Charlotte and Louis will not take part in the events but will attend as spectators instead.