The spirit and unity surrounding Manchester United was evident once again in their FA Cup comeback win over West Ham, as two late goals from Alejandro Garnacho and Fred sealed the Red Devils’ place in the quarter-finals where they will face Fulham. Said Benrahma gave the visitors the lead at Old Trafford in the first half, though an own goal from Nayef Aguerd equalised the tie before the late goals. United’s stunning run of form continued as they remain the only team in Europe capable of winning four trophies following their Carabao Cup final victory. They are three FA Cup wins away from a second domestic trophy, while they remain in the Europa League following the win over Barcelona and Erik ten Hag’s outfit also currently sit third in the Premier League table. The Dutch boss has overseen a dramatic transformation alongside Steve McClaren, while Alex Ferguson’s former number two was quick to give the head coach credit for the victory over West Ham. McClaren was caught on camera telling Ten Hag “You did it, it was your winning mentality”, in a telling message that says a lot about the Dutchman shortly after the final whistle had blown at Old Trafford and the coaches were exchanging their customary handshakes. READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final Ten Hag has made a habit of changing games with his substitutions and having made a host of changes to the Carabao Cup-winning team amid a hectic schedule, was forced to bring Casemiro on at half-time in order to sure in the midfield. Another player off the bench got a goal as Fred spent just a few minutes on the pitch before his effort beat Alphonse Areola in the Hammers’ goal. McClaren has been a popular figure since returning to Old Trafford, joining Ten Hag in the summer having been Ferguson’s assistant in the treble-winning season of 1999 and later working with the now-United boss during their time together at AZ Alkmaar when Ten Hag was coaching under McClaren. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light The two have clearly made a positive impression on the United squad and complement each other well. Ferguson made a point to highlight the role that McClaren is playing in Ten Hag’s backroom staff, showcased further by the ex-England boss’ full-time message to the Dutch head coach following victory over David Moyes’ West Ham. “He’s gone the right way about it,” Ferguson told Sky Sports regarding Ten Hag. “His signings have been really good, I think that was important. “He’s got a grip of the club, which was really really big for him. I think for Erik, he’s got Steve McClaren, Steve was here with us for a few years, so that experience helps, I think Steve will play a big part in that.”