Sex/Life has stolen the top spot on Netflix and the raunchy drama saw Billie Connelly (played by Sarah Shahi) rekindle her romance with Brad Simon (Adam Demos). After testing the waters in the world of dating once more, she realised her heart was always meant for one person. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the actress, including her age. In season two of the series, Billie was heartbroken as her divorce finally hit home. She was encouraged to rejoin the dating pool and met Majid (Darius Homayoun), with whom she formed a relationship. However, he was not prepared to play a role in her children's lives and she called things off. By the end of the series, Brad realised how much he wanted to be with Billie and they ended up getting married. The latest season has prompted fans to ask how old Sarah Shahi is. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find The actress is 43 years old, having been born in Texas in January 1980. The Persian actress was born Aahoo Jahansouzshahi but is known professionally as Sarah Shahi. She was born and raised in Texas, with her father being Iranian. Her father's family left the country two years before the Iranian Revolution. The star's parents divorced when she was 10 years old. Her birth name, Aahoo, means 'deer' in Persian but she adopted Sarah as her name in the second grade of school. She had heard a song called 'Sarah' and was fed up with being tormented by other children about her birth name. She grew up speaking Farsi as well as English, and her parents began entering her into beauty pageants at the age of eight. Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INTERVIEW] Sex/Life season 2 drops another graphic scene after famous incident  [INSIGHT] Sex/Life season 3 is one everyone's minds after Billie revelation  [LATEST] Her wins in pageants prompted her modelling career, but she had high hopes of becoming an actress. While working as an extra on the set of Dr T and the Women in Texas, she met director Robert Altman, who encouraged her to move to Hollywood. Following this, she landed roles in a number of series including Dawson's Creek and Supernatural. The 43-year-old married actor Steve Howey in 2009 and she gave birth to her first child, a son, five months later. In March 2015 she gave birth to twins, a boy and a girl, but the couple filed for divorce in May 2020. She later began dating her Sex/Life co-star, Adam Demos, after the pair met on set. The pair have not posed for a social media photo together since June 2022 but they appear to still be together. They appeared together looking loved-up in photos from the season two premiere in February 2023.  Sex/Life season 2 is on Netflix now.