A mum-of-two with coeliac disease was left feeling hungry after a mix up with British Airways during her nine-hour flight to the Caribbean. She said the situation made her anxious for the rest of her travels. Amber Fisher, 32, was stressed out and disappointed when she discovered British Airways had not prepared a gluten-free meal for her on her recent flight, reported The Mirror. However, she had not pre-booked her meal, as advised on the airline's website, branding the instructions "confusing". Under the Food Allergies tab, British Airways' official website states: "When booking travel, staff are unable to pass on dietary information to cabin crew. "When travelling, it is essential that information on your allergies is communicated to cabin crew upon boarding. READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about ‘miserable’ excursion "Information is available on our flights on the allergens contained within the meals served." In a separate section on Special Meals, the website instructs: "Request Kosher meals on flights at least 48 hours before your flight departs with the exception of London Heathrow which can be requested up to 24 hrs before departure. "Request all other special meals at least 24 hours before your flight departs." Neglecting to inform the airline beforehand meant that holidaymaker Amber was given popcorn, crisps, chocolate, celery and carrot sticks, almonds and a tangerine as an inflight meal. Don't miss... Hairstylist shares 'universally flattering' cut for women over 50 [EXPERT]  Harry is 'determined' to be a 'complete contrast' to other royal [EXCLUSIVE] Brits can win £1,000 by buying Cadbury chocolate - how to get involved [LATEST] The mum took to the internet to lament about her predicament, stating she was given "only this" for a nine-hour flight. According to the flyer British Airways handled her situation in a "very inhumane way", expecting her to eat "barely anything" for the duration of the flight, reported The Mirror. She claimed that when getting on the aircraft she informed the crew she was coeliac but was told she should have ordered her meal seven days ago. When she told the crew member what the website said she was accused of "lying", before the she later agreed that the guidance was "confusing". READ MORE: Cheapest destination for a summer holiday named  Amber continued: "I was on strong antibiotics and nearly passed out by the end of the flight." She revealed that the situation "ruined" her holiday and left her feeling "so anxious". She asked what she should do next, claiming that she had tweeted the airline only for it to be deleted. She also claimed that the flight attendant told her that her coeliac status would be logged for all future BA flights, although they failed to provide her with a gluten-free meal on the return flight ten days later. In an email correspondence with the airline, she was told they were "very sorry" and made aware "this isn't our usual practice". The airline added that they "hope [she has] a better flight next time". A spokesperson for British Airways told The Mirror: "We take all of our customers' allergies and dietary requirements extremely seriously and our catering teams work extremely hard to ensure everyone has the meal they want, every time they travel. "All our customers can pre-request one of 15 special meals free of charge, including gluten-free meals, up to 24 hours before their flight." The newspaper reported her as saying: "I was on really strong antibiotics and hadn't eaten in the morning so I was just starving and it was a nightmare. "I nearly passed out at the end because I hadn't eaten and felt really weak because of the antibiotics. "I actually started vomiting into a bag as we were coming down. It was just water because my stomach was so empty." Express.co.uk has contacted British Airways for comment.