Manchester United shelled out £70million to sign Casemiro from Real Madrid last summer. And the 31-year-old could join Cristiano Ronaldo, Wayne Rooney and Eric Cantona as one of the club’s greatest ever signings after keeping an epic five-word promise. Casemiro won five Champions League titles, three Club World Cups and three La Liga titles during a nine-year spell at the Bernabeu Stadium. And since arriving at Old Trafford, the Brazil international has proved that he still has plenty of desire to excel at the highest level of the game. Less than a week before putting pen-to-paper on a four-year deal in Manchester, Casemiro had watched on from his home in Madrid as the Red Devils suffered a 4-0 Premier League thrashing at the hands of Brentford. United had already been put to sword by Brighton on the opening weekend of the season and looked unlikely to enjoy a successful campaign. So the midfielder could have been forgiven for opting to turn down a move to Old Trafford and instead stay put in Spain. READ MORE: Chelsea warned Mason Mount would 'bite your arm off' to jump ship However, as Casemiro saw goal after goal fly into David de Gea’s net in west London, he text his agent as he made a promise to Erik ten Hag’s side. “Tell them I’ll fix this,” Casemiro wrote, according to The Telegraph. And the player has been true to his word. After being compelled to bide his time for opportunities after first arriving in the north west due to the stellar form of Scott McTominay and Christian Eriksen, Casemiro soon forced his way into Ten Hag’s midfield and bagged an assist during his first Premier League start against Everton last October. DON'T MISSChelsea target Enrique could tempt four former players to join himSterling's reps respond to claims star is unhappy amid Arsenal linksChelsea chief Boehly can break Abramovich record with Potter sacking  He has risen to the occasion when called upon time and time again throughout the campaign and played a starring role when his side defeated Barcelona over two legs in the Europa league play-offs last month. And he has even racked-up five goals and five assists during his 34 appearances for United in all competitions. If Casemiro can maintain his level of performances for his whole United career, there is no reason why he wouldn’t be held in the same esteem as Ronaldo, Rooney and Cantona. Ronaldo and Rooney both helped United win the Champions League and Club World Cup in 2008, with the Portugal international getting his hands on three Premier League titles and the Englishman winning five Premier League titles. And the duo scored a combined 398 goals for the club. Cantona, meanwhile, helped revolutionise the north west giants under Sir Alex Ferguson and bagged 81 goals in 182 games to help the side win four Premier League titles and two FA Cups. 