Filled with racy moments, scandal and a shocking shower scene, Sex/Life was a hit with Netflix subscribers in 2021. Suburban wife and mum Billie Connelly (played by Sarah Shahi) had grown tired of her picture perfect life so when she came across her ex-boyfriend from her exhilarating past, she couldn't help but give in to temptation. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about watching Sex/Life's second season. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Sex/Life. Sex/Life season two, like other Netflix original shows, will come out just after midnight PST (Pacific Standard Time). Netflix is based in San Francisco so this is why the show is technically going to be released there first, in terms of the time. All series on the streamer, however, do come out at the same moment and it is just the time that fans need to bear in mind. As the world is split into time zones, while the time itself may not be the same, shows are released at the same moment. READ MORE: Emmerdale producer details one of the ‘most powerful' episodes ever So as Sex/Life returns at 12am PST, it will also be available to watch from 3am EST (Eastern Standard Time) in America. Meanwhile, UK subscribers can enjoy the new episodes from 8am GMT (Greenwich Mean Time). The rest of Europe is around one hour behind the UK so they can expect to watch series two from about 9am. Like with many shows on Netflix, the entire box set, consisting of six episodes, will be dropped in one go. Sex/Life was inspired by BB Easton's novel 44 Chapters About 4 Men, a memoir about the author's husband and some of her ex-boyfriends. In the first season, Billie was fed up with her mundane lifestyle, craving more than just her husband Cooper Connelly (Mike Vogel). So when she comes across her ex-boyfriend Brad Simon (Adam Demos) from years ago, her old feelings start to resurface. Billie and Cooper were able to overcome their issues but the season one cliffhanger once again blew their story wide open. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Dwayne Myers to reunite with Darlene  [SPOILER]Julie Walters pulls out of Channel 4 drama due to ill health  [HEALTH]Jenna Ortega teams up with BAFTA winner in new role after Wednesday [CAST] Billie was walking home when she passed Brad's apartment and her old feelings started flooding back. She ended up going to his flat, coming face to face with him for the first time since she called time on their romance. But as she got closer to Brad, it seemed that she had second thoughts. While she admitted that she wasn't going to leave Cooper, Billie wanted a sexual relationship with him so things picked up where they left off. Talking to The Hollywood Reporter, Sarah Shahi opened about how she was drawn to the series because it is seen from the woman's point of view. She said: "Well, to be totally honest with you, I was a bit scared and a bit turned on at the same time. "Emotionally, I was going to have to go to some pretty raw, vulnerable places that I hadn't had the opportunity to do on screen before, and physically, it was a very revealing side of myself. "The camera certainly lingers on the men for a couple seconds longer than it lingers on me." Sex/Life season two premieres on Thursday, March 2, on Netflix.