Police officers arrived at Theresa Cain's home on Monday to serve the family eviction papers on the foreclose home when they heard gunshots ring out. The 46-year-old gunned down her husband, Steven Cain, 50; their son, Ethan Cain, 13; and her father, William Felton, 74, on Monday at the family’s home in Ohio Township, the Clermont County Sheriff’s Office has said. Cain's daughter, Samantha, 20, was also shot and remains critically injured. The eviction followed an extensive history of financial problems for the family which Cain hid from her family. Sheriff Steve Leahy said: "It is tragic and unnecessary. What can we do to keep this from happening again? "Well, I’m just not that sure that we can. When people are in crisis, it’s not as easy as just reaching out and saying, ‘I need help'. "What we see here, you can’t make sense of this. Murder is a senseless thing, but then you throw in suicide and the homicide of your family. It’s all very sad. This lady had been totally cooperative the entire time." READ MORE: Massive 15ft shark attacks two swimmers in Hawaii Cain, who had previously appeared to cooperate with the eviction notice, told officers the family would be ready to vacate the premises. But when the deputy arrived, she rushed inside the house. He heard a muffled "No, no, no, no," the sheriff recalled Thursday, followed by a “very fast” succession of gunfire. Cain fired five gunshots before turning the gun on herself, authorities said. Upon inspection of the house, not one box had been packed leading the sheriff to believe Cain hid the eviction from her family. It comes just days after a woman fighting against an eviction notice died after starting a fire in her home she shares with dozens of cats. The New Jersey woman, who refused to vacate her home after being served an eviction notice, died in a fire she intentionally started on the property. The woman and her dozens of cats were trapped in the house after she threatened to blow it up.   I'm a plastic surgeon - avoid the worst exercise for ageing [LATEST] Alex Murdaugh juror details moment he knew disgraced lawyer was guilty [VIDEO] 'Thick' and 'curvy' 54-year-old stepmum poses in her bikini on TikTok [INSIGHT] New Jersey State Police Lt. Lawrence Peele said: "We’re getting reports that the resident turned on the gas of the residence prior to igniting." Neighbour Erin Luca told CBS News: "They knocked on our door this morning. Thank God it was a pretty loud knock. I grabbed [my son]. They told us to leave. "She was threatening with a bomb or to bomb the house and ended up with a fire." For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 116 123 or visit a local Samaritans branch.