Paddy McGuinness, 49, and his wife Christine McGuinness, 34, announced the end of their 11-year marriage in July 2022. The former couple, who share twins Leo and Penelope, eight and daughter Felicity, six, broke the news on Instagram. Paddy and Kirsty Gallacher, 47, were spotted together in London's Soho last month. After being papped with the television presenter at the Ham Yard Hotel a source close to the Question of Sport host now claims that the pair have been "leaning on each other" since their respective break-ups and that a blossoming romance might be on the cards. They told OK! magazine: "Paddy and Kirsty have known each other a long time and are good friends. They have a lot in common. They’re both single and have gone through marriage splits, Paddy more recently. "Kirsty is a bit of a shoulder for him to lean on and she’s good at giving advice." READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz admits faking orgasms before split from cheating ex Ben Express.co.uk has contacted Paddy McGuinness and Kirsty Gallacher's representatives for comment. It comes just weeks after Kirsty said she was dating again and ready for love after splitting from former rugby player Paul Sampson in 2015 after 16 years together. "I'm currently dating! I'm not with anyone in particular right now, but I'm very open to something," she told Closer magazine. "That would be really lovely."  Paddy has been single since announcing the end of his marriage last July but was spotted out with Kirsty. "They were sitting together, laughing together and looking cosy," an onlooker told The Mail on Sunday.  Meanwhile, his estranged wife opened up about being in an unhappy marriage with her former husband Paddy. The Real Housewives of Cheshire star opened up about her traumatic past, saying: "Before Patrick, I had been sexually abused, I was raped. "I used to pray every night that I wouldn't wake up in the morning because it was so awful." In contrast, she said that when she first met Paddy at the age of 19, he made her feel safe and comfortable - and that the feeling continued even when she was no longer happy in the relationship. "I know that I've stayed in a place where I was probably unhappy because it was safe and I don't like change," she explained. The above quotes are excerpts from Christine's forthcoming documentary film about the trials and tribulations of living with autism. Taking to Instagram to break the sad news, the former couple - who met in 2007 - told fans: "A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus as always is to continue loving and supporting our children. "This was not an easy decision to make, but we’re moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children."