Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has addressed allegations against Kyle Walker for the first time ahead of Saturday's Premier League trip to Crystal Palace. Walker is said to have publicly exposed himself in a pub last weekend and is under investigation. Guardiola spoke to the media ahead of the clash at Selhurst Park and unsurprisingly fielded questions about his right-back. The Catalan coach responded: "It's a private issue. We solve it internally, [and] speak with him. This is not the place to speak about a private situation." When asked whether his players need to be more careful when out in public, Guardiola added: "Yeah, definitely, [it's] completely different from years ago. "They know it. When you open the door at home, they need to know they will be filmed whatever they do. That is society." Walker has reportedly contested the allegations against him and returned to training as normal after a two-day break following Man City's 2-0 win against Newcastle United last Saturday. After the triumph at the Etihad Stadium, the 32-year-old reportedly spent 90 minutes in a bar in Wilmslow with a group of friends. Read more... Erik ten Hag has four-man shortlist and 'wants to sell misfiring star' [TRANSFERS] Security footage that emerged on Wednesday shows Walker jokingly flirting with a woman in his group. He then appeared to flash a member of the group twice on either side of kissing a woman while sitting in a booth before leaving the venue. Walker's wife, Annie, reportedly wasn't part of the entourage, and Cheshire Police are investigating the father of four over the incident. He remains in contention for Saturday's trip to Crystal Palace, where City can close the gap to Arsenal back down to two points. The Gunners then face a potentially tricky London derby against Fulham at Craven Cottage, which will involve added pressure if Guardiola's side win again. Don't miss... Tottenham 'accept Conte tenure is over' as replacement talks begin [NEWS] Chelsea fans send letter to Todd Boehly over ticket prices [TICKETS] Man Utd risk angering Ten Hag as Harry Maguire plan comes to light [TRANSFERS] Guardiola complained about the trip to London when City lost at Tottenham Hotspur earlier this year. But he doesn't expect to run into similar problems this time around, even with the heavy snowfall in UK regions on Thursday night. "It was that day, six hours from here to the hotel. But we didn't lose to Tottenham because of that trip. "That day, for many reasons, the traffic, delays to trains for many hours. That day it took six hours. "No [the snow hasn't changed plans]. We will travel by plane in the night, and hopefully, we will land safe and go to the hotel." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here