 BBC viewers are used to seeing Naga Munchetty front the breakfast show alongside Charlie Stayt from Thursday to Saturday. However, for the past few weeks, she’s been missing from the sofa which has led to concern from fans over the 48-year-old's absence.   As BBC Breakfast fans tuned into Thursday’s instalment of the show, they were taken by surprise when regular stand-in Nina Warhurst was co-hosting with Charlie instead of Naga. It follows a string of absences from the 48-year-old who’s been missing from the famous red sofa for three Thursdays in a row. Although the host is yet to address her absence, it seems as though many viewers are starting to get concerned about her whereabouts. It wasn’t long before fans took to social media to question the BBC demanding to know where Naga has gone. READ MORE:Tammy Slaton shares pregnancy hopes after smashing weight loss goals  SunniDelight163 commented: “#BBCBreakfast Can anyone tell me what's happened to Naga Munchetty?" SukiL01 added: “Where is Naga? John is doing a great job, but Naga really puts the interviewee on the spot!" CaroleS66750983 asked: “Where is Naga and Sally at?" Horto70s tweeted: “Why hasn't Naga been on for a while?”  Addressing Naga directly, WezG said: “@TVNaga01 Where are you hiding Naga? It's Thursday - why aren't you on @bbcbreakfast sofa - surely there's too much snow at the golf course for you?” KingGama8 added: “I notice Naga Munchetty seems to be missing this week from @BBCBreakfast” Naga hasn’t been the only presenter who’s been missing this week as Sally Nugent was nowhere to be seen on Tuesday and Wednesday. Usually fronting the show with Jon Kay between Monday to Wednesday, the 51-year-old was replaced by both Tina Daheley and Nina Warhurst.  Don't miss... Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [LATEST] Ben Shephard forced to intervene as Gary Lineker row erupts on GMB [LATEST] Clarkson's Farm slammed for 'misleading' viewers over planning meeting [LATEST]  However, on Tuesday, Sally still made an appearance on the show as she reported from outside of Downing Street. It comes after rugby league legend Rob Burrow had a meeting with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to honour his work in raising awareness and funds for motor neuron disease. Since the former sports star was diagnosed four years ago, the BBC has been closely following Rob and produced a documentary on his journey. Appearing outside Number 10, Sally informed Jon and Tina in the studio the BBC team was recognised and honoured at the sports journalist association for the documentary of the year.   Speaking about the award ceremony, she said: “Rob was there with us, he came up on stage and made a brilliant speech and what I loved about last night was Rob as a player would never ever prepare to lose. “There was a certain little twinkle in his eye I think as he got up on stage. “He had everything ready, he had a speech ready, and he was definitely ready to win last night.” Express.co.uk have approached BBC for comment. BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One from 6am. 