Bruno Fernandes was lucky not to be sent off during Manchester United's 4-1 win over Real Betis on Thursday, claims Robbie Savage. The Portugal international was only booked for a challenge on goalkeeper Claudio Bravo during the Europa League last-16 first-leg tie and Paul Scholes has labelled the tackle "stupid". United were 3-1 up at the time of the incident at Old Trafford. Fernandes attempted to chase down an under-hit back-pass to Bravo. However, the former Manchester City stopper got there first to clear. Fernandes then followed through on Bravo, catching him high on the shin with his right boot. Referee Daniel Siebert pulled Fernandes away from Bravo as he went to check on his opponent. Siebert flashed the yellow card at the United skipper but there was to be no further punishment.  Read more... Man Utd takeover hopeful Sheikh Jassim 'could ditch bid' [REPORT] Replays did not do Fernandes any favours. Savage was on co-commentary for the game and he claimed Fernandes was "very fortunate" not to see red. The former midfielder claimed VAR did not recommend a review because Fernandes didn't fully catch Bravo with his studs. However, he admitted many officials would have sent him off. Savage said: "Some referees would give that as a straight red for serious foul play. I just think because his foot was open here that's why VAR hasn't given a red card." After the game, United legend Scholes questioned why Fernandes made such a challenge. He said: "It was just a bit stupid really. There was no need for it. They were up in the game at the time. It was a little bit of a risk and a gamble that he didn't really need to take." It is not the only controversial moment Fernandes has been involved with of late. He appeared to push an assistant referee in the second half of Sunday's 7-0 drubbing by Liverpool at Anfield.  Don't miss... Ex-Man Utd star Kieran Richardson quit football to sell luxury watches [FEATURE] Roy Keane 'perfect' for Man Utd job as pundit backed for crazy return [QUOTES] De Jong 'makes feelings clear' on joining Man Utd due to Casemiro [GOSSIP] Fernandes will not face any punishment for that incident. Erik ten Hag leapt to the defence of his player when speaking to the media on Wednesday. Fernandes had put United 3-1 up against Betis just 10 minutes before he was booked. He headed in a Luke Shaw corner to open up a lead for Ten Hag's side. Marcus Rashford had opened the scoring with a fierce effort just six minutes into the game. Ayoze Perez, on loan from Leicester, drew Betis level with a fine effort on the half-hour mark. But United turned up the heat after half-time, with Antony curling in a stunning effort to put his team back into the lead. Fernandes then scored his goal before Wout Weghorst rounded off the victory after missing a number of chances earlier in the game.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here