Raphael Varane screamed at his Manchester United team-mates in fury after they shamefully refused to acknowledge their travelling supporters after their embarrassing 7-0 defeat to Liverpool. The Frenchman took personal offence to the actions of the United players, who couldn't wait to leave the Anfield turf after their sickening capitulation.  Liverpool were only 1-0 up at half-time courtesy of a fine strike from Cody Gakpo but they were far and away the better side as Jurgen Klopp's side displayed their burning hunger to hunt down Tottenham in the race for Champions League football. But the ruthless Reds caught United napping after the half-time break and they capitalised with two quick-fire goals from Gakpo and Darwin Nunez as they put United to the sword. It would get even better from there though when Mohamed Salah got in on the act with a double before Nunez added another to pile more misery on United. Roberto Firmino, who is set to leave the club at the end of the season, even came off the bench to add a seventh goal just to rub salt into the wounds and add the icing and cherry onto the cake for Liverpool. READ MORE: Liverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumes  United's players endured a shameful afternoon and their refusal to applaud their travelling fans riled Varane, who barked in disbelief before they eventually followed his instructions. You could see the passion on his face as he let his colleagues know that the least they could do would show some appreciation for those that have spent their money to watch the shambolic performance that was served up. Erik ten Hag's players simply gave up when the going got tough and Liverpool had no intention of slowing off as they ruthlessly punished the abysmal lack of effort and defending from the Red Devils. That is what will concern supporters the most and even though there was an acceptance that Liverpool were in an unstoppable mood, Manchester United could have stopped the bleeding.  The attitude that was displayed by their players at the full-time whistle is insulting to the fans that were inside the ground and on the receiving end of taunts from the boisterous home crowd, who gloated in United's misery. Gary Neville could not believe what he was watching as he said during Sky Sports commentary: "I have to say what a shambles. "Some of Fernandes' behaviour in the second half has been a disgrace. He is holding his hands up asking why am I not coming off? "Ten Hag has dealt with setbacks in the past but this is a big one. They have fallen to pieces, lost their heads, their shape and their discipline." Roy Keane, meanwhile, claims United's big players went into hiding. He said: "When United come to Anfield all logic goes out of the window. It is the hardest place to come – they didn't show any pride or fight. "Liverpool were absolutely amazing though, their desire, their energy. Liverpool were back to their very best but it was an embarrassing day for United. "I never thought United were back to their very best. They have been giving teams chances but today Liverpool didn’t let them off the hook. They were clinical and ruthless and kept going. "The senior players for Manchester United are the ones who let the club down today. As a player, you would go into hiding. It is embarrassing for the players."