The latest research from digital upfront property pack provider, Moverly, has shared where has the highest proportion of collapse sales and which property types are the most susceptible. According to the latest house price index from Halifax, house prices are down by £8,500 compared to last year’s August peak. However, prices remain £9,000 above the average prices seen at the start of 2022. The average house price increased last month by 1.1 percent to £285,476 last month compared to January. But despite there being surprising resilience in the market, the UK housing market has slowed down compared to the heady heights of the last two years. As both buyers and sellers come to terms with a cooling market, it’s no surprise certain regions and property types are being hit with market turbulence. READ MORE: ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert Regions with the highest house prices are being hit the hardest by sales falling through. According to their research, the South East accounts for almost a quarter (24 percent) of all sales falling through, with London and the East of England accounting for 14 percent each. The South West has also seen a high number of home sales falling through (11 percent) in the current market. The North East has seen the lowest level of properties returning to the market, accounting for just three percent of England’s total. Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [LATEST] Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [INSIGHT] House prices crash all over the world. UK may be next [ANALYSIS] The East Midlands (seven percent) and Yorkshire and the Humber (eight percent) have also seen some of the lowest numbers of sales falling through. When it comes to the type of property, it’s those selling detached homes that are most likely to suffer from a collapsed sale. Detached homes accounted for 34 percent of all homes returning to the market, according to the research. Surprisingly, those selling flats are the second most likely to see their sale fall through (27 percent). READ MORE: Dehumidifier expert shares how to use appliance to lower energy bills Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Semi-detached homes accounted for 24 percent of homes returning to the market while terraced homes accounted for just 14 percent. Moverly co-founder Ed Molyneux, said it’s “not surprising” sellers in the most inflated regions price-wise are most in danger of their homes falling through. He said: “The property market is currently undergoing a period of house price adjustment and so it’s not surprising that the sellers most in danger of their sale collapsing are those in the most inflated regions of the market, selling the most expensive homes. “In many cases, this is down to their buyer withdrawing as they simply can’t secure the mortgage they previously thought, or due to problems further up or down the chain which are outside of the sellers' control. “However it’s fair to say that a head-in-the-sand approach from sellers when setting their asking price is also a contributing factor and many are also coming unstuck once they reach the survey stage and issues are found within their home.” According to the latest data from Halifax, annual house price growth remained unchanged for a third consecutive month at +2.1 percent. Annual growth reduced most significantly in the North East, at +1.1 percent in February vs a rise of +3.6 percent in January. Homes in the region now cost an average of £163,953. Average house prices in London are now £526,842 and are down by -0.9 percent over the last year. Annual growth fell the least in Scotland. House prices in the nation are now an average of £198,779.