Liverpool legend Graeme Souness has been proven right about Manchester United after the Red Devils' 7-0 thrashing at the hands of his former club. The Scotsman had argued Erik ten Hag's side could struggle if Marcus Rashford was off-form something which was clear at Anfield with the England international failing to impress alongside his team-mates. Souness has regularly tried to temper praise of Rashford despite the 25-year-old’s excellent form since the World Cup. He has become the side’s talisman after the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo and found the net in the League Cup final as United lifted silverware for the first time since 2017. However, Souness has maintained a belief that the Red Devils would struggle if he was to lose form. This view may have been proven during United's 7-0 capitulation at Anfield with the Red Devils royally embarrassed by Liverpool. The 69-year-old had argued his point with Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink after the Old Trafford side beat Leicester 3-0 last month with Rashford scoring twice. “They are on a roll,” Souness conceded. “But without Marcus Rashford…we were talking in that game there [about] how fabulous they were in the second half. That’s after Rashford had scored a couple of goals. Then everything is flowing and they looked a really good team but Rashford had done the damage by getting the two goals.” JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans Hasselbaink hit back: “I have to disagree with you. They’re at a stage at the moment that they feel invincible. Casemiro is not playing and he has been very important for them in the middle - but they find a way to win. Yes, Rashford is scoring goals - but before Rashford was scoring goals they were winning games 1-0. And I think that they are in such a good moment that they will be alright with or without Rashford.” Souness responded: “Jimmy, Rashford has got 24 goals this year. Take his 24 goals out of it and the next top scorer is who? [Bruno] Fernandes has got seven goals.” Hasselbaink maintained that United would ultimately “find a way” without Rashford in the team. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears Souness now looks to have been proven right with Rashford poor at Anfield and the rest of his team mates badly failing to pick up the slack. He may also feel he is justified in his assessment that Rashford is not ‘world-class’ after his performance against Liverpool. "Rashford is in a ridiculous vein of form," he conceded on talkSPORT. "What I've always pushed back against is the characterisation that he is a world-class player and he's elite in his position.” Souness is likely to be feeling rather smug tonight as he celebrates Liverpool’s big win, feeling that he may have had his point proved.