A £250 million water park boasting 35 slides and an adult area is coming to Manchester. Work commenced today on the Therme Manchester, a vast glass-domed complex in Trafford Centre's EventCity that backers promise will become a UK regional "focal point" for socialising. Due to open in 2025, the park will join a network of "word class" facilities scattered throughout Europe. Therme already has a selection of popular water park locations, the bulk of which are within Germany. A Romanian water park built by the company is one of the country's most popular attractions. Once completed, the UK's version will cover 28 acres (1.2 million square feet) and house nearly 100 attractions. On top of the 35 waterslides, the facility will have 25 separate swimming pools, a wave pool and a collection of more than 30 steam rooms and saunas.  Therme plans to split the complex into four different zones worked around themes and services. Galaxy, the family area, promises a blend of "active play and relaxation" for all ages. Palm is the teen and adult-only section designed only for those aged 16+, built for relaxation. The section includes a host of swim-up bars where people can order cocktails as they swim. READ MORE: Expert shares how Britons can get ‘much lower’ prices at Disneyland Elysium builds on Palm's spirit of relaxation, offering what Therme promises will be the UK's largest luxury spa. The final area incorporates the Genesis theme, providing therapy programmes designed by "advanced body scanners and expert therapists". Two of the promised 28 acres are a "wellbeing garden" shaped like a rose. The garden will act as a "focal point for socialising, learning and discovery’". Don't miss... Sisters die days apart as devastated family plan joint funeral [INSIGHT] Police face fury over 46-hour wait to recover crash victims [REPORT] Girl claiming to be Madeleine McCann issues DNA test update [LATEST] Outside the zones, people can find cafes and restaurants for when they need a little time out of the water. Therme believes the dizzying collection of services will eventually make the location the most visited water-based theme park in Europe. Whether it falls or flies may depend on its pricing, which the company has not yet settled on. If they eventually reflect those in Bucharest, an all-day pass may cost up to £25 on a weekday or £29 on a weekend. Opening times are similarly unconfirmed but based again on Bucharest, they may vary between 9.30am to 11.30pm on weekdays and 8am to 12am on weekends. James Whittaker, the Development Director at Peel L&P Group, the firm responsible for building the site, said it would establish an "accessible, yet world-class health and wellbeing attraction" in Greater Manchester. He added that it would "transform TraffordCity" and bring "fantastic employment opportunities". Mr Whittaker also claimed the complex would "bolster the regional economy including tourism and be a key contributor to the Northern Powerhouse".