Rio Ferdinand has apologised to BT Sport colleague Owen Hargreaves after his former Manchester United team-mate labelled Bayern Munich starlet Jamal Musiala 'the next Kaka' before his statement Champions League campaign this term. The young German midfielder caught the eye once again on Wednesday night as Bayern ran out 2-0 winners over Paris Saint-Germain, who have now lost five of their previous seven last 16 ties as their gruelling wait for European glory rumbles on. Unfortunately for Chelsea, Musiala is quickly proving to be the latest world-class talent to have slipped through the net at Stamford Bridge having spent eight years with the Blues academy between 2011 and 2019. Having also represented England at U15, U16, U17 and U21 level, Gareth Southgate can also be excused for feeling a sense of regret as to how Musiala was allowed to switch international allegiances to Germany. The 20-year-old maestro is ripping up the Bundesliga this season having scored 11 goals and registered eight assists and Ferdinand was once again impressed with the player's performance as Bayern comfortably swatted PSG aside in Munich on Wednesday night. "This kid, he has been talked about as one of the best young talents in the world, I think he's gone beyond that now, I think he's one of the best," Ferdinand said. Don't miss... Chelsea boss Graham Potter has two new signings after Dortmund win [LATEST] "He's top in terms of goals and assists at Bayern Munich now and they're looking to sign him to a new contract. This kid is the real deal. "I would go as far to say I'd back him to be at least top three in the Ballon d'Or at some point in his career, if not - winning it. He's that good, his balance, his skill. "I remember Owen Hargreaves said to me 'Rio, he reminds me of Kaka at his best' and I laughed at him and said 'what?' I hadn't seen enough of him. But I can see that now." Peter Crouch backed up the claims, adding: "That was a big shout and Owen knew early. He saw it early. Since we've seen a lot more of him now, I'd have to agree. He's up there with the top young players in the world." Don't miss... Richarlison calls out Conte in angry rant over 's***' Tottenham season [REACTION] Man Utd 'played with 10 men' against Liverpool due to 'lazy' starlet [PUNDITS] Chelsea boss Graham Potter has two new signings after Dortmund win [OPINION] Speaking at the World Cup, where Musiala also impressed with Germany despite their underwhelming exit, Gary Neville praised the player's decision to leave England for Germany. "I admire these lads that leave," Neville told Bein Sports. "Sancho leaving (Manchester City), Musiala leaving (Chelsea). "I think the fact that they are willing to go to Germany. To Dortmund and to Bayern Munich and experience that different level. "Bellingham at Birmingham. Manchester United had Bellingham in the building. In front of all the top brass at Man United and he choose to go to Dortmund. But look at him now." Musiala's current Bayern contract is due to run until the summer of 26 but talks are already in the works over fresh terms at the Allianz Arena. The generational talent was born in Stuttgart, Germany before moving to England with his family at the age of seven. He grew up in Croydon before joining Southampton's academy and later signing for Chelsea, where he starred in their youth ranks at Cobham. Now Musiala is lighting up the continental and world stage with Bayern and Germany and there is a burning sense of frustration that Chelsea were unable to keep hold of him although with Todd Boehly's cash at their disposal, there is still every chance they could bring him back to write new chapters in his incredible story.