Jake Paul has been filmed running away from Floyd Mayweather and his team after the Miami Heat's NBA game with Cleveland Cavaliers on Wednesday night. Both stars were in attendance as the Heat were edged out 100-104, and came face to face afterwards for their latest volatile exchange. The history between the pair is notorious, and dates back to the build-up to the boxing icon's exhibition bout with Paul's brother Logan in 2021. In a pre-fight press conference, 'The Problem Child' grabbed Mayweather's hat and tried to run, prompting ugly scenes. In Dubai last December, Mayweather refused to enter the ring until Paul had been ejected from the arena. The YouTuber had caused a scene earlier in the evening during Tommy Fury's exhibition with Rolly Lambert. Paul's unbeaten pro record was duly ended by Fury in Saudi Arabia last month, prompting a series of questionable excuses from the YouTuber, including blaming a 'wet dream' in the week of the fight. And now he's has to clarify more embarrassment after being filmed by TMZ fleeing from Mayweather's entourage after exchanging words with the star. JUST IN: Carl Froch tears into Gary Lineker as feud escalates after being blocked on Twitter Paul has since taken to social media to explain: "So I'm leaving the Miami Heat game and Floyd Mayweather and 50 dudes pull up out of nowhere, out of like some side alley, waiting for me outside the stadium. And they're like, 'So what's up? what's all that talk now? "I'm like first of all, what did I say to you Floyd? I just took your hat and you're still mad about it? Come on, bro. And then 50 dudes literally start surrounding me to jump me, and I'm out that b**ch, ok?"  Don't miss... Mayweather announces five-fight world tour despite Chalmers flop [LATEST] Misfits Boxing 'disrespectful to sport' as Mayweather lumped into dig [LATEST] Floyd Mayweather vs Aaron Chalmers tickets 'were on sale for £5' [LATEST] Justifying his dash to safety, he added: "You wanna run it one on one, no problem. But I'm not dumb. Okay? I'm tough, I don't need to prove my toughness, but I'm not f****** dumb. I'm not gonna sit there and try to fight 50 dudes." Mayweather himself was in action last month, making his UK debut in an exhibition bout with Aaron Chalmers. The clash at The O2 Arena received little attention though, with the 46-year-old dominating throughout.