Cosmetic treatment is one option when it comes to preserving youth, but it's possible to look younger without going to such drastic measures. Personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund told Express.co.uk how mature women can shave years off today through their style choices. Picking the right clothes may be all you need to look years younger in an instant, according to Melissa. The expert stated: "I think everyone gets to a point in life where they feel they'd like to knock a few years off. "I think for most of us from mid-life onwards it's really about making sure we look - and feel - our best and avoiding anything with the frump factor!" One of Melissa's crucial tips for looking young at any age was to "stay relevant" when it comes to fashion. READ MORE: 63-year-old woman shares youthful transformation but warns others Many women reach a certain age and forgo their fabulous, trendy pieces in favour of practical - and possibly rather boring - clothing. But fashion is not just for the young, and those who are more mature should still incorporate different trends as they age. Melissa said: "Fashion is all around us - online, on tv, in films and in the press. Take a look at what's current. "I know sometimes it's easy to look at a fashion shot and be discouraged but stay positive and think about how what you're looking at can inspire you. "Think about the colours, shapes and accessories designers are using. Think about how you could incorporate these into your wardrobe. "You don't have to buy all of it but your wardrobe needs a nod to what's current." If lace is in fashion for example, you don't need to fill your wardrobe with reams of lace maxi dresses if it isn't your thing. Rather, a blouse with lace sleeves is a chic yet subtle nod to the trend. People can also ensure they always look good by keeping an eye on what their favourite celebrities wear. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures Picking celebrities with a similar body type to their own will also help with finding styles to accentuate their figure. While paying attention to current trends is important, Melissa stressed the importance of not going overboard. A subtle nod to a 2023 trend shows an awareness of current fashion, but kitting yourself from head to toe in the stuff might be a little much. It's important that regardless of trends, women stay true to their own personal style. It's also important to be aware that if something suited you at age 20, it might be amended a little at 50 and beyond. Melissa explained: "You don't have to completely change your style as you age, just tweak it a bit. "If you love a leather skirt, you can keep wearing it but you might want it to be slightly longer than the length you would have worn in your 20s, for example."