Daniil Medvedev claims he ‘bothers’ Novak Djokovic, after the Russian star secured an impressive victory over the world No. 1 in the semi-final of the Dubai Tennis Championships. Medvedev took on the Serb for a spot in Saturday’s final’s against fellow Russian Andrey Rublev. And against the odds it was Medvedev who secured victory, as he defeated his Serbian rival in straight sets, 6-4, 6-4 in the desert. In his post-match interview, the Russian star was commended for his performance, especially with it coming against the world’s No. 1 player. Asked just how he manages to 'bother' the Serbian, Medevedev responded: “I think I can run a lot and put a lot of balls in the court. A lot of opponents, maybe even more Novak than some guys let's say like Hurkacz or Cressy who knows their game plan is more to go to the net, that's why they don't care that I put a lot of balls in the court. "Novak, still even if he's amazing at the net, in my opinion, he's not the guy who goes there every second point, so it's a little bit tougher for him. I think he just, yeah, was trying to find something during the match where he didn't feel his best.  We could see it. At least this happens to him also, because sometimes we could not think this way. JUST IN:  Alcaraz offers fresh Indian Wells hope as tournament faces Nadal blow “That's why he tried different things, because he's a champion. So I knew I had to be ready for this. For example, on 30-15 last game when he made this return winner, I had to be ready, but I didn't think he's going to turn around.” Wins against Djokovic are no doubt a rarity, but Medvedev’s talents has seen him do it more than most, most notably when securing his one and only Grand Slam title in the 2021 US Open final. Discussing how his win on Friday compared to his other victories against the Serbian he added: “[It is] Tough to say. I mean, every time I beat Novak is amazing feeling. He's probably the greatest tennis player of all time, or at least one of the two or one of the three, I don't know, one of five, whatever (smiling). Amazing player. DON'T MISSNadal injury takes toll as Spaniard's 18-year streak worryingly endsRafael Nadal gives injury update after 'major breakdown' at Aus OpenDaniil Medvedev kicks off Novak Djokovic mind-games ahead of clash “Every time I manage to beat him, it is amazing. Of course, beating him in the US Open final was my best memory because that's my only slam. To beat someone like him in the final is just a dream come true and forever in my memories. In terms of this comparison, maybe this one is a little bit less because it's not the final, it's the semis. “I have an important match to play tomorrow. But it's always a pleasure to beat him. When I say this, it's not in a greedy way, it's just that every time it gives you an extra boost of confidence, like, Wow, I was able to beat Novak, I can for sure beat anybody.”