Chelsea have been tipped to snub the opportunity to sign Palmeiras talent Raphael Veiga, who has piqued the interest of various Premier League sides. Instead of pursuing the Brazilian playmaker, whose presence could come in handy if Mason Mount leaves Stamford Bridge this summer, the Blues are expected to focus on 'other priorities'. Decision time is fast approaching for Chelsea and Mount as the 24-year-old approaches the final 12 months of his contract. Negotiations have supposedly been put on hold until the summer, when the club are likely to either strike a deal or cash in while they can. Manchester United and Liverpool are among those linked with Mount, who would have no shortage of suitors if he opts to leave Stamford Bridge. Despite the risk, the Blues aren't thought to be involved in concrete talks with Veiga, who could offset his departure. The 27-year-old has been well amongst the goals for Palmeiras since 2020, establishing himself as one of Brazilian football's most productive performers. Don't miss... Lineker set for Match of the Day verdict as BBC call 'urgent talks' [REPORT] Wolves, Fulham and Arsenal have also been mentioned in regard to Veiga, who is contracted to Palmeiras until 2026. Although the Brazilian outfit are not expected to stand in the player's way should a golden opportunity present itself, reports indicate that talks are not advanced with any club at this stage. That goes for Chelsea, too, as transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims to be unaware of 'concrete talks' between the Blues and Palmeiras at this stage. The report adds that 'many clubs' are interested, but Chelsea are focusing on other priorities. Read more... Arsenal and Man City target Kvaratskhelia scores Napoli stunner [SPOTTED] Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [REPORT] Micah Richards left flustered as Daniel Sturridge makes 'Gooner' claim [REACTION] An obvious problem for manager Graham Potter to address this summer is a fundamental lack of goals. The Blues are clinging onto the top-half in the Premier League, but with 27 goals in 26 matches, they have notched fewer than 19th-place Leeds United. While Potter was teetering on the brink of the sack at the start of the month, a surprise run of three consecutive wins appears to have shaken off some of the mounting pressure. Saturday's victory over Leicester will have been particularly satisfying as he saw his side net three goals in a match for the first time since early October. "It's been a really good week," the relieved boss told reporters after the final whistle. "Three wins. A determined performance against Leeds and then a great one against Dortmund and to back it up today is really good from the players because it's not easy to do that in the Premier League, so I'm delighted for them. I'm delighted for the supporters, they were fantastic." "We were a few centimetres from a couple more goals ourselves, we had a couple of offsides, Leicester had chances themselves. So the game was in the balance but it was that quality from us in the end that saw us over the line."  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE