Liverpool star Mohamed Salah twisted and turned Lisandro Martinez inside out for the Reds' third goal in their 7-0 demolishing of Manchester United on Sunday. The Egyptian's give-and-go with Cody Gakpo ensured that the Dutchman got his second goal of the game to send Anfield into raptures. The cheeky finish came after Salah had gotten one-versus-one against the Argentine and had left him on the floor before finding Gakpo in space to score. Fans couldn't believe how Salah managed to rinse Martinez and sit him on the floor before Liverpool's third as thousands took to social media to mock the United defender. One fan @lfc_allting wrote on Twitter: "Martinez career was finished by Mo Salah right there!" @Kloppholic said: "Salah absolutely violating Martinez." @zubinofficial added: "No this isn’t edited Salah cooked Martinez and flipped him like an omelette." Then to make matters worse for the visiting side, Salah got on the end of a loose ball and struck a fourth goal past David De Gea with a powerful effort that the Spaniard had little chance of stopping. The in-form United side were shellshocked after Gakpo had put Liverpool into the lead during the first half after an exceptional pass by Andrew Robertson, then Darwin Nunez doubled the lead shortly after half-time. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans  Nunez and Salah then added their seconds of the game in a second half that ran away from the visitors, before Roberto Firmino put the icing on top of the cake with another cheeky finish that De Gea could not stop and after a lengthy VAR check, the seventh was confirmed. Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher revelled in the third goal as he claimed Salah left Martinez "for dead" in the buildup to the goal. "That is absolutely devastating from one end of the pitch to another," Carragher said on commentary for Sky Sports. "Gakpo, since he’s come into this team he’s got a real composure in possession and then Mo Salah against Martinez, he just leaves him for dead, all ends up. That is absolute quality from Cody Gakpo in the finish, the confidence to dink a world-class goalkeeper like de Gea. I think that is goodnight Manchester United here." DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears Gary Neville, on commentary with Carragher, added: "These Manchester United players, they’ve earned a lot of plaudits over the last few weeks and rightly so. For 42, 43 minutes here I thought the performance was really good but I did say it was the ultimate test, and it can all fall apart around you and it has done. "That back four have made mistakes for those three goals, they’ve all been involved in it, and the game’s run away from them in five minutes." Several United players could not hide their frustrations on the pitch as Bruno Fernandes especially was criticised by supporters for his visible poor attitude as the Red Devils lost their composure in a dreadful second half. 