The National Football League could respond to whether Georgia hopeful Jalen Carter is still eligible for the 2023 Draft, following investigations dating back to January 15 over a fatal car crash. A warrant was issued for Carter's arrest on Wednesday before he was subsequently booked. Carter was booked for charges of reckless driving and racing on highways/streets at 11:33pm ET on Wednesday night, before paying a £3,350 ($4,000) bond to be released. The defensive tackle was at the scene of a fatal crash on January 15, which led to the death of a Georgia football staff member Chandler LeCroy and team-mate Devin Willock. LeCroy and offensive lineman Willock both died in the crash, and police confirmed on Wednesday that they will speak to Carter about the incident. Carter later released a statement which claimed he would clear his name when citing the truth to authorities, and was booked and released later that day. Investigations are still ongoing, but the NFL could intervene with Carter set to be drafted next month. ESPN reporter Dan Graziano spoke live from the NFL combine, an event that Carter had attended before complying with the Athens Clarke County Police Department. Graziano said: "I just spoke to somebody with the league and asked 'can players face disciplinary action for things that went on prior to their entry into the league?' "Generally that answer has historically been no, but there is a lot of grey areas. Since this incident is so close to now and his time being drafted, I believe the league will have to look into it. "There's not a historic precedent for them disciplining a player or suspending a player prior to his entry into the league, but again there is a grey area and it certainly can be held against him further down the road." During the fatal crash on January 15, Carter was driving a 2021 Jeep Trackhawk which police say was driven in a racing manner with a 2021 Ford Expedition - driven by LeCroy. LeCroy and her passenger, Willock, died as a result of his injuries from the fatal crash. Following media reports after the official ACCPD press release, Carter released a statement to his social media accounts to address the findings. "This morning I received a telephone call from the Athens Georgia Police Department informing me that two misdemeanour warrants have been issued against me for reckless driving and racing," his statement read. Numerous media reports also have circulated this morning containing inaccurate information concerning the tragic events of January 15, 2023. "It is my intention to return to Athens to answer the misdemeanour charges against me and make certain that the complete and accurate truth is presented. There is no question in my mind that when all of the facts are known that I will be fully exonerated of any criminal wrongdoing."