Lady Gaga gave a raw performance at the 95th Academy Awards on Sunday night. The Bad Romance hitmaker took off her stunning makeup that she donned earlier on the red carpet and showed off her bare face. The 36-year-old also took off her show-stopping Versace gown and stripped down to a black t-shirt paired with jeans. The singer gave an emotional rendition of her Oscar-nominated song Hold My Hand from the Top Gun: Maverick soundtrack. Before her performance, she told the audience: "It's deeply personal for me and I think that we all need each other, we need a lot of love to walk through this life.' "And we all need a hero sometimes, there's heroes all around us. In unassuming places, but you might find that you can be your own hero, even if you feel broken inside." READ MORE: Hugh Grant blasted as 'rude' in painful Oscars chat and rolls his eyes The singer went natural as she sported no makeup after she donned a dramatic look on the red carpet. Lady Gaga pulled her back into a plaited ponytail for the intimate performance. She mesmerised the audience with her show-stopping vocals of the hit which was nominated for Original Song. Earlier in the evening, Gaga stunned in a chic black gown revealing her bare derriere. The singer sported black long-sleeved gown revealed her underwear free form. The sheer number also revealed her midriff and her arms; the dress had a pointed bralette and low-slung skirt with a belt detail. Lady Gaga, born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, added a diamond choker, bracelet, rings and earrings with smokey black eye makeup and a bright orange-red lip. She wasn't initially expected to attend the ceremony, as show producer Glenn Weiss said that she had a scheduling conflict with filming the Joker sequel Folie à Deux. Earlier in the evening, she came to the rescue of a paparazzi who had suffered a fall. The photographer took an unfortunate tumble on the Oscars champagne carpet this evening while snapping photos of the stars in attendance. The Poker Face hitmaker Lady Gaga ran to his side to check on him. In a video taken by a fan watching the red carpet coverage at the 95th Academy Awards, Lady Gaga can be seen walking into the ceremony, while surrounded by members of the press. However, one photographer keen to take a photo of the singer and actress fell into the crowd. After noticing the paparazzi’s fall, the star immediately turned around and ran back to help. One Oscars viewer gushed: "Lady Gaga the only person who went back to help someone who fell on the red carpet…. this woman is is so kind and humble." Another added: "She’s the kindest."