The Repair Shop returned for another emotional episode and saw treasured items being given the TLC they desperately need. Among the experts helping this time around in the barn, was Hannah Weston Smith who was presented with an old Italian dressing-table chair. Brought in by Chantal who recently lost her parents, thankfully, Hannah was able to transform the chair, giving it a new lease of life, much to its owner's surprise. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Repair Shop. Upholsterer Hannah Weston Smith is among the quieter members of The Repair Shop team. She was initially welcomed into the fold in 2019 as a stand-in for the show’s regular upholstery expert Sonnaz Nooranvary. The episodes, which were filmed during this year but not shown until 2021, launched her television career but little is known about her. Like many of the stars of the heartfelt BBC series, she tends to just share matters to do with her work. READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... But according to her local paper, Spalding Today, in Lincolnshire, who interviewed Weston Smith in 2021, she was 38. Therefore, Hannah will be, if she hasn't already, marking her big 40th birthday this year. In regards to some of her co-stars, leather expert Suzie Fletcher is 60, silversmith Brenton West is 58 and painting conservator Lucia Scalisi is in her 50s. Meanwhile, metalwork star Dominic Chinea is 38 and woodwork expert Will Kirk is 37. Hannah started training to become an upholsterer in 2005, before going on to complete a master's in furniture conservation at High Wycombe. She then did an apprenticeship before moving to Folkingham in 2011 and opened her own workshop two years later. Her partner Sara then opened her own interior design business Smith and British, next door. While The Repair Shop has helped with her career, Hannah did originally need some persuading to take part. Don't miss... 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [EXPLAINER] Best online Mother's Day flowers for 2023 - best UK bouquet delivery [DEAL] The Repair Shop expert fights tears over heartbreaking story [REACTION] She told Spalding Today: “My parents were massive fans of the show and the day I got the phone call to go on, my dad called and told me all about this show, "I said ‘oh, someone has called about going on, but I’m not sure’, so my dad said ‘if they ask you, do it!' So I went on for my parents really! “As most craftspeople work alone, it was lovely to work alongside other people for a change and chat." Also featured in tonight's [Wednesday, March 8] episode was Suzie Fletcher whose expertise was needed for a sentimental leather box. Steve Fletcher and Dominic Chinea teamed up to repair a favourite childhood toy, whereas the Bear Ladies were called upon to mend a "much-loved companion". As always, more visitors will be welcomed into the barn next week, bringing more treasures for the experts to examine and make as good as new. The Repair Shop continues every Wednesday night at 8pm on BBC One.