Queen Camilla, 75, held a reception to celebrate the second anniversary of The Reading Room at Clarence House in London last week. The Queen Consort accessorised with her Kiki McDonough "Apollo" mini blue topaz and diamond pendant in yellow gold. This necklace, which Queen Camilla often wears, costs a whopping £2,300. Its description says: "An exquisite 18ct Yellow Gold and Diamond intricate circle pendant encasing a beautiful Blue Topaz stone. "The delicate design has been crafted to ensure maximum sparkle. Chain included." However, there was another necklace that Queen Camilla wore which caught royal fans' eyes. READ MORE: Queen Letizia: Royal shares ‘favourite exercise’  The Queen Consort wore a gold plate pendant with a ruby centre stone, which happens to be her July birthstone. The necklace also featured the five initials of her grandchildren from her first marriage. These children are called Lola, Freddy, Eliza, Louis and Gus.  The Queen Consort's maiden name is Camilla Shand, and on July 4, 1973, she wed Major Henry Andrew Parker Bowles.  Laura Lopes, 45, and Tom Parker Bowles. 48, are their two children. Together, Tom and Laura are the parents of five children. The adorable monogram necklace Camilla wears shows how much she treasures her grandchildren and how she keeps them dear to her heart. Aside from her two necklaces, Queen Camilla wore her Anna Valentine navy dress which she has worn before. READ MORE: Kate ‘steers away from coat dresses’ now like Crown Princess Mary For footwear, Camilla opted for her Eliot Zed "Gladys" Black Suede Pumps that cost £275. These suede black shoes have a rubber sole and a thick block heel, which is perfect for the Queen Consort who has been open about her struggles with bunions in the past. To further accessorise, Camilla wore her favourite Van Cleef and Arpels "Vintage Alhambra with five Motifs 18k yellow gold and agate bracelet". This bracelet costs a whopping £4,250 and is renowned for being a jewel that the Queen Consort is rarely seen without. The description says: "Feeling lucky? Well you will be with this Vintage Alhambra bracelet from Van Cleef and Arpels by your side. "Designed with the brand’s first iconic Alhambra design – a four-leaf clover (that’s practically overflowing with luck) – each agate motif is bordered with delicate beading and linked on a fine-cable chain. "Handcrafted in yellow-gold, it will sit perfectly alongside the matching necklace while doubling your luck in the process." The bracelet is said to have "lobster claw fastening" and comes "clean with a soft, dry cloth".