Princess Eugenie posted a heartwarming tribute to her mother and sister to mark International Women's Day. Eugenie shared two photos on Instagram showing herself with Sarah, Duchess of York, and Princess Beatrice, against a snow-covered wintry landscape, believed to be in Norway. The post has already received more than 75,000 likes as royal fans delight at the new pictures. Eugenie captioned the images: "International Women's Day. I'm so lucky to have my mum and sister as two incredible women in my life. Beabea, Mumma so proud of you! Xx." Princess Eugenie's photograph sparked a wave of praise from royal fans, with Instagram users commenting on the Yorks's strong bond. Scottish TV presenter Kirsty Gallacher said simply, "Love you all", in response to Eugenie's post. Fellow Instagram user Auntlizability commented: "How sweet. It's wonderful to see such great mother - daughter relationships." And Insta user olga_bojo wrote: "For real, my favourite Royals right here!" Eugenie's post came on the day the Duchess of York appeared on US TV show The View where she spoke of her relationship with the late Queen Elizabeth II. Sarah told viewers: "We did chat a lot because the last three years in particular, during the pandemic, I used to go - don't worry I stuck to the rules - to take her out in the garden and we would both go wandering around the gardens with the doggies." READ ABOUT WILLIAM'S INVOLVEMENT IN THE FROGMORE ROW She also revealed how she would call her ex-husband's mother "mumma". The Duchess of York also explained how on their walks she would point to the ground and tell the Queen "there's a fairy ring there". She continued: "And she was so brilliant and so great and such a sense of humour that she'd say, 'Yes, there is a fairy ring there', and she came with the game." Fergie then revealed that she misses her friend because she was more of a mum to her than her own mother. Don't miss... Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf'  [OPINION] Piers Morgan takes swipe at Meghan Markle as he thanks her for award [LATEST] Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims [REVEALED] She said: "She was so incredible. She was so forgiving and she didn't judge me. She used to say to me, 'Just be yourself Sarah, and one day you'll be alright'." Eugenie's post comes amid claims she and her family have moved into Frogmore Cottage, which was vacated by Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. A source told OK! Magazine that Harry could not be happier for his cousin. Princess Eugenie's husband, Jack Brooksbank, has reportedly been offered a promotion at US-based firm, Discovery Land Company, which could mean he will spend more time in the United States. But the insider told the publication Eugenie, who is pregnant with the couple's second child, is keen to give birth in Britain and raise her children in England. The source said: "The Sussexes are disappointed by the move but couldn’t be happier that Eugenie and Jack will take it over. "They have been staying there on and off for the past few years anyway. "They went to see Harry and Meghan last month in California. They took over some small personal belongings left in the property. They were also helping to box up items at Frogmore to be shipped over to California. "Andrew is delighted that his daughter will take over the property for the time being." A second source said Eugenie and Jack will be based at Frogmore temporarily as the Palace has no long-term plans for the couple to stay there. Prince Andrew had been tipped to move into the Grade II-listed home in Windsor as part of King Charles's move to trim the royal budget.