The Voice returned to NBC with season 23 this week as it documented the contestants performing their blind auditions in a bid to win over at least one of the all-star coaches. Last night's instalment saw Jimmy Fallon attempt to win over the coaches, but there was “no way” Blake Shelton was going to turn his chair after he claimed he knew it was Fallon from the get-go. Aspiring singers were not the only people to put their best foot forward as late-night talk show host Jimmy Fallon gave his shot at a blind audition last night. Throughout the episode, host Carson Daly teased viewers about a special guest performance on the show, saying it was set to be “the biggest performance of their entire life”. Ahead of his performance, Daly introduced Fallon saying: “We have a special surprise for our coaches. "Right now, we have an artist backstage preparing for the biggest performance of their entire life. You're not gonna wanna miss this.” As Fallon emerged on the dimly lit stage to perform, fans in the audience cheered as the Tonight Show’s host identity was revealed. The comedian delivered a cover of Michael McDonald’s I Keep Forgettin’ (Every Time You’re Near) for coaches Kelly Clarkson, Niall Horan, Chance the Rapper and Blake Shelton. After sharing a few perplexed glimpses behind their chairs, Clarkson, Horan and Chance hit their buttons, spinning in their chairs around to reveal it was Fallon at the microphone. However, not all coaches opted to push their buttons as country singer Shelton remained with his back firmly facing away from Fallon and the stage. Shelton’s reaction prompted Fallon to walk across the stage and push Shelton’s button, giving himself an illegal four-chair turn. Fallon later explained he made the special appearance on the NBC singing competition to congratulate Shelton, who’s set to leave the show in May. Shelton then admitted he wasn’t fooled by Fallon to his fellow coaches and the audience: “It didn’t take me long to figure out that it was Jimmy Fallon, and there was no way I was going to hit my button. "He does not deserve a chair turn on this show,” Shelton said. “Jimmy’s impersonation is the equivalent of walking up to Michael McDonald and slapping him in the face as hard as you can.”  Although Shelton seemingly wasn't impressed by Fallon’s singing talent, viewers at home loved the That's My Jam host's “awesome” performance. One fan @DebbieM75 wrote on Twitter: “This was an awesome thing that Jimmy did for Blake’s final season on the Voice. “You could tell by the look on Blake’s face he recognized Jimmy’s voice and refused to turn around! I loved Jimmy for going the extra mile for Blake!!!” Another @MithunKrista added: “This was fantastic! Jimmy, you crushed it! Love you all! [Love heart emoji]”.  The Voice’s official Twitter account referenced the audition, writing: “Only @blakeshelton wouldn't turn for @JimmyFallon [laughing emoji] #ThatsMyJam premieres TONIGHT after #TheVoice and streaming on @peacock.” (sic) Before leaving the studio Fallon then hugged all the coaches before singing Clarkson's hit, Since U Been Gone. Season 23 will be Shelton’s last appearance on the hit competition show, after grabbing nine wins with his previous teams. The Voice continues on NBC in the US.