Jonnie Irwin, 49, has been putting on a brave face and embracing his last days since he was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer. The A Place in the Sun favourite was rumoured to be returning to the show after being pictured with Jasmine Harman at a Channel 4 event. However, the presenter has taken to Instagram to set the record straight on his rumoured Place in the Sun return. Jonnie took to Instagram to share a picture of himself last week with his former colleague Jasmine. The co-stars, who have worked together for almost 20 years, were pictured for the first time since Jonnie went public with his terminal cancer diagnosis. However, despite hopes this meant a return to A Place in the Sun for Jonnie, this was not the case. He wrote in view of his 158,000 Instagram followers: "Last week I got to team up with my mate again at @aplaceinthesunofficial Live. READ MORE: Bruce Willis' wife chokes up as she talks his 'horrific' health battle "It was the busiest for years but for some reason, the papers are talking about it as a comeback for me. "Just to confirm @aplaceinthesunofficial is a separate company running the website and affiliated business and has supported me continuously though-out which I’m eternally grateful for. Here’s looking forward to the next one!" Many social media users took to the comments to share their joy over the reunion, despite the news of no Channel 4 return. Peter_griffin_outer_hebrides said: "So good to see you together. You may not realise how many dark evenings you both brighten." Dawn.mb70 added: "My favourite two. I wish I could have made it to Manchester, I remember seeing you two along with Amanda many years ago in Manchester." Janetwilspn29 commented: "Great to see you carrying as normally as possible, you're an inspiration, Johnny. Everyone loves and is rooting for you." Jonnie was 'forced' to leave his role on A Place in the Sun after finding out his cancer had spread to his brain last November. It hadn't been a choice he'd personally made, but had proved to be essential under the circumstances. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue [COMMENT] Olivia Newton-John's daughter still speaks to late mum 'every day' [INSIGHT] Courteney Cox's eyebrows are falling out after 'overmedicated' issue [HOLLYWOOD] A Place in the Sun said at the time: "Much loved by everyone on the production, no stone was left unturned in trying to enable Jonnie to continue his international filming with us during Covid but the production company was unable to secure adequate insurance cover for him. "Whilst we were unable to continue to film abroad with him, we’re delighted that he was able to remain as part of our team in the UK for exhibitions. "We of course understand how frustrating this must be for him at this incredibly difficult time." Jonnie also recently appeared on Morning Live to give an update on his condition, admitting he is trying to cherish his time with his wife Jessica and their three sons - Rex, three, and two-year-old twins Rafa and Cormac. He also poignantly told the programme he is planning on recording video messages for his family, so they can still hear from him after he dies. Jonnie said: "I've got a lifetime of memories, and over the years, more and more of them have been stored online. "It's amazing to think I can speak to my wife and children after I pass away. "My diagnosis has taken a lot from me, but it has given me the ability to prepare. "The only way to make sure your digital legacy is as you like it, is to take action now whilst you're in control. And I'm going to take every opportunity I have to do just that for those that I love."