Evil Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid (Todd Boyce) is about to take his vendetta against Carla Barlow (Alison King) to another level. Fans of the ITV soap will be horrified to hear that the factory boss' life is in serious danger. In official spoilers released by ITV, Stephen is planning to make Carla his third victim having already murdered builder Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost) and his father Teddy (Grant Burgin). Carla is currently stressed about the possibility of going to prison following an incident where she hit Paul Foreman (Peter Ash) with the Underworld van while driving uninsured. Husband Peter (Chris Gascoigne) assures her that won’t happen, but she can’t hide the fact that she’s preoccupied. Unaware that Stephen has been dosing her with LSD, she goes to see Dr Gaddas (Christine Mackie) and describes how each time she’s suffered an episode recently, it feels like she’s tripping on drugs. After considering her symptoms the doctor prescribes her diazepam which she hopes will help. READ MORE: Four In a Bed star 'turned down' show after bosses refused request However, with the American contingent due to visit the factory to finalise a big deal, she can’t afford to be ill. Aware that she’s starting to crack, Stephen plays on this and reminds her that it’s imperative that she’s on top form. However, despite her health concerns Carla’s feisty side comes out and she takes charge by ordering him to make the tea. Furious at the factory boss for this humiliation he double doses her tea with the mind-altering drug. Although she gets through much of the meeting, the LSD starts to kick in just as it draws to a close. Unaware that she has been drugged Carla’s behaviour becomes erratic but despite this, the deal is safe. When the Americans leave, the factory workers celebrate until a worse-for-wear Carla barks at them to get out. While her staff are dumbfounded, Stephen can’t conceal his self-satisfied smile. READ MORE: Greg James' Rise and Fall trailer teases more drama than The Traitors  [PREVIEW]Love Island stars in 'tears' after show favourites 'axed'  [SPOILER]Royle Family star rules out reboot over fears it would 'be mean'  [INSIGHT] Despite his best efforts, however, the next day Carla announces that she is feeling fine and going to work. But her assurances that the previous day was simply a blimp seem unfounded when she smashes a mug when trying to make a drink and cuts her finger. Realising that she can’t cope, she returns to the doctor where she is advised to take an extended break and go back on her antipsychotic drugs. Stephen’s nefarious plan doesn’t end there though and he pockets the keys to her flat. As Carla rests he lets himself into her home and deposits the keys back in her handbag. After checking that she is out for the count he heads to the kitchen where he turns on the grill before leaving. Could the beloved boss woman of Weatherfield be about to meet a grisly end at his hands? Coronation Street is on ITV at 7.30pm, Monday, Wednesday and Friday.