Former politician Ed Balls stepped in alongside ITV's Susanna Reid to take over from Richard after he suffered a "freak accident". He returned to his Good Morning Britain chair on Monday morning alongside his co-star but left her feeling uneasy when explaining he had to have tongue surgery and needed stitches in his tongue. After looking at the weather ahead this week with Laura Tobin, Susanna turned to her co-star and quipped: "We haven't yet Richard Madeley said welcome back! "You appear to have made a full recovery." Mocking his lisp, he explained: "Yes, I was talking like that for quite a long time. I was either a freak having an accident or I had a freak accident so take your pick. "But basically I was crouching down on a slope between my open car door and I was just filling around with something in the bottom of the car, I was outside the car. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' "I turned round as the door decided to close itself, and gravity pulled it shut, it's a big heavy door and it just hit me on the chin. "I really bit my tongue, to the extent I needed an op. I had to have some stitches in it. If I had been on the programme I would have been talking like that. "I didn't actually get the sack as one magazine reported, the reason I wasn't here was because of this but I'm back. "I'm not speaking like... remember Lamb Chop, I sounded like Lamb Chop, but I'm alright now." Feeling sorry for her co-star Susanna added: "That is terrible, and you actually had to have an operation!" Richard admitted: "Eating and drinking was difficult for a while! I had two stitches on the top and one on the side yeah. Let's not go into any more detail, but I am fine now. "It took about two weeks, I had to cancel about two weeks of being on here which was really annoying." Viewers of the show took to their Twitter to welcome Richard back, as Annie exclaimed: "Welcome back Richard! Glad you are on the mend." Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [LATEST] Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection [WATCH] James Jordan warns 'best skater' may not win Dancing On Ice  [INSIGHT] Paul Jamieson added: "Was wondering when you were going to return. Thanks, Ed Balls for covering but the man is back now." @CratfyKween said: "Lovely to see you back alongside Susanna! Her welcome back to you was lovely." Sally said: "Oh Susanna looks mighty happy to have her side-kick back. The tongue situation does not sound fun though." @BarbsBabs commented: "Stitches in the tongue does not sound fun. Hearting the lisp would have been though... welcome back Richard." (sic) This isn't the first incident Richard had suffered in the last few months as he suffered a fall minutes before going on air. Richard and Kate Garraway presented a live special from Whiston Hospital in Merseyside on December, 12. When arriving at the hospital, Richard slipped whilst getting out of the car due to the large snowfall the country had last year, As the pair began to present, he said: "I fell over this morning getting out of the car," with Kate adding: "It was very tense." Luckily Richard didn't sustain any injuries and was able to continue presenting the ITV news show. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.