Emma Raducanu has admitted that her current wrist injury ahead of her Indian Wells opening match is the same issue that forced her to end last season early, but is hopeful of breaking through the pain barrier this week. Raducanu gets her tournament underway later today against Danka Kovinic. It will be her first official match since losing to Coco Gauff at the Australian Open back in January. Raducanu was set to make her comeback at the ATX Open last month, but she was forced to pull out of the event after suffering from tonsillitis. The 20-year-old admitted she had "never felt so sick in my life" following the illness, but she's also been battling with a wrist injury in the build-up to Indian Wells. After hitting the practice courts with her coach Sebastian Sachs, Raducanu hinted that the issue was still causing discomfort. "The same issue that I had last year has started to flare back up," she said told the BBC. She added: "I've definitely been managing my load. It's something that has just come back, so I'm trying to be as cautious as possible. "I'm going to do everything I can to be there tomorrow. I think we always play through pain and it's just a matter of how much can you take - I'm looking forward to hopefully being out there tomorrow." Raducanu had strapping on both her wrists during the practice session on Wednesday. The same injury saw her cut last season short, forcing her to miss the Billie Jean Cup Finals in Glasgow. Don't miss... Raducanu can spare herself Wimbledon embarrassment at Indian Wells [LATEST] Emma Raducanu out of pre-Indian Wells exhibition in new setback [LATEST] Britain could still have Emma Raducanu-style fairytale at Indian Wells [LATEST] Raducanu also pulled out of the Eisenhower Cup this week, where she was set to partner compatriot Cameron Norrie in a charity tie-break tens mixed doubles event. And the 2021 US Open champion indicated that her decision to withdraw from the charity event was her way of managing the troublesome wrist injury. "When it rains, it pours. This and the infection - it's obviously a challenge," she added. "My preparation hasn't been ideal. I played on the weekend and then I rested it - it's how you manage things when you aren't prepared." Raducanu is scheduled to face Kovinic on Court 1 this evening with the winner taking on No 20 seed Magda Linette in the next round.