NBA megastar Kyrie Irving has donated $45,000 (£37,394) to help build orphanages in Africa in the latest remarkable charitable move from the Dallas Mavericks point guard. An image was shared of the orphanage holding up a sign which read: "Hi Kyrie Irving, thank you so much for the donation to us. God bless you."     A statement from Cameron Mofid, who organised the GoFundMe that Irving donated to, said: "His donation will build an entire orphanage in Ghana. It will buy a water tank for the kids in Nigeria. We’ll be able to buy shoes & books for all the kids." Mofid's original goal was $5,000, which he surpassed in the first week, reaching $10,000 thanks to donations from more than 200 people. But he was left shocked when waking up to see the huge donation courtesy of Irving and the impact it will have is vast. Irving has now donated close to $1 million in the past few months, including a huge donation of $500,000 (£427,574) to anti-hate causes. In that time, Irving has also given $50,000 each to a family of a teenage boy who was killed by police, as well as giving $130,000 to the family of a woman who died in Mexico under suspicious circumstances. Don't miss... Toronto Raptors star launches into foul-mouthed rant about NBA refs [LATEST] Shaquille O'Neal hits out at suspended Memphis Grizzlies ace Ja Morant [LATEST] Devin Booker, Chris Paul rue Kevin Durant injury as Suns year at risk [LATEST] He also gave $50,000 to the family of University of Virginia's Devin Chandler, who was killed in the shooting when a gunman opened fire inside a bus. This came after Irving was heavily criticised, fined and suspended for his actions in November by his former team, the Booklyn Nets, for sharing a link to an antisemitic film on social media. The film featured Holocaust denial as well as a number of deeply offensive criticisms of the Jewish faith.  After first not apologising, the 30-year-old then did after speaking to NBA commissioner Adam Silver, as well as Nets owner Joe Tsai, who suspended him for at least five games and gave him a list of steps he would need to take before returning to the team. Irving then released a lengthy apology on his social media platforms, and has continued to donate big amount to a number of charities. Irving was traded by the Nets to the Dallas Mavericks in February, after failing to agree a new deal with the team.