Haunting CCTV images of the car carrying a group of pals ahead of a suspected crash which killed three have been released. Sophie Russon, 20, Eve Smith, 21, and Darcy Ross, 21, were last seen in Newport in the early hours of Saturday before heading to clubbing hotspot Trecco Bay in Porthcawl.  They made the trip in a Volkswagen Tiguan with Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Shane Loughlin, 32, both from Cardiff, who were also reported missing. A police spokesperson said on Monday the VW Tiguan had been recovered just after midnight in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. Police believe the car was involved in a road traffic collision and came off the A48. The identities of those who died have not been confirmed.  Family members have criticised Gwent Police's response. Sophie's mother, Anna Certowicz, 42, claimed the police didn't seem to care and told her to stop ringing for updates. She told the Daily Mail: "They didn't seem to care. I had to drive to Cardiff to knock on doors myself because they were doing s*d all. "They just didn't seem to think it was worth investigating. It was so frustrating." READ ABOUT A CALL FOR A CARE HOME COSTS CAP  She added: "I think they assumed that Sophie was hungover somewhere, but she's a sensible girl who works in a bank and hasn't taken a day off for three years. "She's not someone who's out clubbing in Cardiff all the time. On Friday nights she's more likely to be babysitting so other people can go out. She wouldn't just vanish like this unless something was wrong. "The police asked me to stop ringing but at the end of the day I'm a mum, I'm going to worry. Her little sister is worrying too, she's only 13 and she's wondering where Sophie is."  Don't miss: Man has sex with lover on bollard neighbour put up to stop him parking [REVEALED] Man claims he had heart attack, went to hell and saw terrifying things [REPORT] King extends olive branch to Harry and Meghan after Frogmore row [LATEST] Gwent Police has been approached for comment. The force has referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) watchdog in line with normal procedure. An IOPC spokesperson said: "We can confirm that Gwent Police have advised us that they are making a referral in connection with this tragic incident and we will carry out an assessment in due course to determine what further action may be required from us."  Ms Certowicz said her daughter has known Eve and Darcy since they were children. She said: "They're incredibly close. They message every day. We worked out earlier that this is the first time in 347 days that Sophie hasn't replied to her." Ms Certowicz said the last time she spoke to Sophie was on Friday afternoon when she was told her daughter was going for a few drinks at a local pub. Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and inquiries are ongoing. Anyone with any information is asked to call police on 101. You can also send a direct message on social media, quoting 2300071791. 