The music industry came to a standstill on January 1, 2023, when Rolling Stone ranked the world's top 200 singers of all time. On that list was Chaka Khan, who came in at a respectable 29. However, she wasn't happy when she learned of her spot live in a podcast. Chaka appeared on The Originals Podcast, where the topic of her spot came up. She admitted she had never heard of the list before that day. At 29, she sat below Mary J Blige, Beyonce, and Aretha Franklin to name just a few. But when she heard she was below Adele (who had the 22 spot), Chaka raged: "Okay, I quit." Things got even worse for her when she realised Mariah Carey was even further ahead of her at number five on the list. She fumed: "That must be payola or some s**t like that!" Chaka - whose real name is Yvette Marie Stevens - didn't stop there. Once she learned Mary J Blige was just ahead of her at number 25, she lost it. "These b****es are blind as a motherf***ing bat!" she ranted. "They need hearing aids. They don't have hearing aids? They have no eyes. They have no ears." She went on: "They must have a - these b****es, you know what? These must be the children of [blind and deaf author] Helen Keller!" The 63-year-old singer's tune changed when she learned where Beyoncé fell in the ranking, however. DON'T MISS...Adele 'broke down in tears' after opening up about cancelling showsAdele is 'engaged' and her ring is worth a lot of moneyAdele details agonising health woes live on Las Vegas stage Queen Bey hit number eight in the ranking, placing her among some of the most successful singers of all time. Chaka said: "I'm not gonna comment on that. I don't have anything to say about Beyoncé. She's a great singer, okay. She really has opportunity to be a great singer. She has what it takes. She got the chops, she does, okay?" This isn't the first time Chaka has had a very public feud with other singers. Most recently, in 2020, she lashed out at Ariana Grande. Ariana and Chaka were supposed to work together in 2019 on a remix of one of the latter's songs, Ain't Nobody. The new version of the track was going to be recorded for the Charlie's Angels soundtrack. But it seems things didn't go well. When Chaka was asked about Ariana, she replied: "F**k her." After a beat, she added: "She's alright. She’s good on her own. She doesn’t need... plus, I don’t wanna sing with another woman. I ain’t got nothing to say, OK, with a woman." She finished off by saying: "You say it by yourself. We ain’t gonna talk about no man. We not gonna do none of that stuff. It’s not happening. I’m not gonna do no song with no heifer."