WARNING: This article contains spoilers from ABC's Jeopardy! Game show fans are outraged after a recent two-part Jeopardy! episode was "ruined" after just seconds on-air, with the finalists' scores clearly displayed before the main show had even started. The bad blunder occurred during this week's High School Reunion Tournament finals. Fans fumed all over social media after Wednesday night's episode aired on ABC, with some warning people to "skip the show's intro". The final scores were flashed in front of viewers for multiple seconds, removing any reason to sit through the tense show rounds. It's part of a wider game where winners can scoop $100,000 and a place in the 2023 Tournament of Champions. Mayim introduced the programme earlier this week, saying: "Jackson, Maya, and Justin will be competing in a two-game match." READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance It was after her short intro that the cameras cut to the contestants, showing their name plates before flashing back to Mayim. "The player with the highest combined total will be our winner," she added. When the cameras flicked back to the line-up of contestants, their final scores were clearly displayed right in front of viewers. Jackson was shown as a clear winner with $24K, Maya with $3.7K and Justin with $13.5K - as the footage aired for around three seconds. Shortly after the major failure, users raced to Reddit to warn anybody who may be watching the episode on streaming catch-up sites. U/jaysjep2 created the feed "SPOILER ALERT", adding: "You might want to skip the opening of Wednesday's episode." They said: "Somehow, the final scores for the contestants were briefly visible on their displays during the opening of the episode. "So if you don't want to see them, skip ahead to the introduction of the categories." Don't miss... The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [LATEST] Jeopardy finalist fights back tears after pulling off impressive feat [LATEST]  Jeopardy fans 'won't watch' as Mayim Bialik takes over hosting duties [LATEST] In response, u/TheHYPO replied: "I wonder if they had to do a pickup of Mayim saying that line and/or their reactions after the show was over. "Someone forgot to reset the scores or notice that they were still there." User u/Bragstarr added: "Good heavens someone’s head is going to roll. I just watched from the DVR. How does everyone miss that one?" While u/Eaglebtc blasted: "This was a major failure of multiple parties: The stage manager (Jimmy) AND the crew missed it before the reshoot. "Michael Harris missed it before the reshoot, the director failed to clear the boards before reshooting, the stage crew didn't notice it AFTER their first (or only) take." They added: "Days or weeks later, the editor either noticed it and was told 'ignore it' ... or the editor DIDN'T notice it." Confused viewer u/Marcm6246 explained: "I was so confused lmao I was like ummmm, did their scores from the previous games get carried over or something?" While u/Gravity9802 said: "You’d think it would be someone in the audience that you spoil a game before it gets aired but I guess not." Jeopardy! airs weekdays at 7pm on ABC.