Britain's cheapest supermarket has been announced by experts at Which?. The company analysed the prices of products in the UK's biggest supermarkets and found one food retailer offered much more affordable items than the rest. Aldi has been named the UK's cheapest supermarket. A basket full of groceries from the budget retailer is much cheaper than from any other major supermarket in the UK. Which?'s latest research shows that last month, Aldi was a huge £21.78 cheaper than the most expensive supermarket, Waitrose, for an equivalent basket of items. The consumer group also revealed Aldi to be £10.51 cheaper than Tesco and £14.20 cheaper than Morrisons per basket. Which? conducted its monthly cheapest supermarket price comparison by looking at the cost of a basket of 43 items, including groceries and household essentials. READ MORE: How to look younger - 5 essential anti-aging skincare products to 'reduce fine lines' Aldi's basket of 48 items was the cheapest, costing just £74.81. Lidl came next, with the average price of its basket costing £77.50. In third place was Sainsbury's - its basket cost £85.25 for 43 staple items. Tesco was fourth, with its items costing just a little more than Sainsbury's. The average price for a basket of products came to £85.32. DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] After Tesco was Asda, with a basket of 43 items costing £85.81. Morrisons was next - its groceries cost £89.01, on average. Ocado is another popular retailer, but its basket cost £89.96 - a little more expensive than major bricks and mortar retailers in the UK. Lastly, Waitrose was the most expensive supermarket in February. The average price of its basket came up to £96.59. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures Julie Ashfield, Managing Director of Buying at Aldi, was happy to see Which?'s results. She said: "As the cost-of-living crisis continues, we remain committed to keeping prices low and quality high. "The latest findings from Which? show that once again customers can save money by choosing to shop with us. We're thrilled to have been consistently named Cheapest Supermarket for the last nine months." Reena Sewraz, Which? Retail Editor, added: "The cost of living crisis has seen food and drink prices put huge pressure on household budgets. It is no surprise to see many people turning to discounters like Aldi when our research shows they could save up to £22 on a typical shop. "Our findings show that while prices are going up, some supermarkets are significantly more expensive than others. As well as choosing a supermarket that is cheap overall, you can save in other ways by swapping from branded to cheaper own-brand products, sticking to a shopping list, and resisting the temptation to pick up special offers you may not need." The news comes as Aldi earlier this week revealed a special 20 percent off discount code - GARDEN20 - available to use now. Valid until March 9, the code can be redeemed to purchase a range of garden furniture, outdoor heating and BBQ products. Available to use online only, eligible items include Aldi's corner sofa, bistro and patio sets, spa pools, fire pits, and pizza ovens. In other Aldi news, the supermarket announced that it will be opening 40 new stores this next year and revealed 30 possible locations. Giles Hurley, CEO at Aldi UK, commented: "Demand for Aldi has never been higher here are still some towns and areas that either don't have access to an Aldi or have the capacity for additional stores. "To meet that demand, we need to open more stores and it's our mission to keep driving our ambitious expansion plan to achieve that."