Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have the Royal Family “over a barrel” and are “yanking their chain” by delaying a response to the Coronation invitation, according to a commentator. Historian Amanda Foreman says key preparation for the crowning of King Charles on May 6 involves the Duke and Duchess of Sussex and whether or not they will be in attendance. Swift confirmation of their decision would help Palace staff plan the first anointing of a British monarch in 70 years. Tension around the historic event has intensified following public attacks by Prince Harry, most notably in his memoir Spare and several media interviews. Speaking to CBS News, Foreman said the invitation from Charles was “absolutely not a surprise”. And she said their delayed acceptance of the invitation is also “not a surprise”. “They really have the Royal Family over a barrel,” the author of Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire claimed. “Will they or won’t they come? A lot of arrangements hinge on whether they will come and so this is, what you might say, ‘yanking their chain’.” It is understood the Sussexes, who are expected to attend, are being factored in. The couple confirmed they received the invitation last week.  Don't miss... US deals massive blow to China as Xi plots 'ramp up military' [SPOTLIGHT] Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [VIDEO] Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave after causing chaos [INSIGHT] Charles ascended the throne in September 2022 following the death of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. The Queen’s record-breaking term on the throne means Charles is the oldest King to be crowned in history, with William now the immediate heir. Harry highlighted his role in the Firm with bombshell autobiography Spare, during which he discussed stepmother Camilla, who is set to be crowned Queen Consort alongside Charles. Speaking about her relationship with Charles, 73, Harry said he was conflicted at first. “I had complex feelings about gaining a step parent who, I believed, had recently sacrificed me on her personal PR altar,” he writes in Spare. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews