Returning Liverpool star Diogo Jota has warned Manchester United that they cannot afford to drop any points if they want to keep their Premier League title hopes alive. The two old rivals face off at Anfield in the Premier League on Sunday in a match that could have huge ramifications for both their seasons. Liverpool are trying to salvage something positive from their dismal campaign as they attempt to break into the top four, with the Reds sitting six points behind Tottenham with a game in hand. United, on the other hand, are dreaming of an unlikely quadruple, with Erik ten Hag's side having already won the Carabao Cup and going strong in the Premier League, FA Cup and Europa League. The Red Devils have plenty of ground to make up on league leaders Arsenal, and lie 11 points behind the Gunners having played a game fewer. And speaking ahead of Sunday's intriguing encounter, Jota, who has recently been making a comeback following a lengthy spell out injured, warned that United cannot afford any slip-ups if they have serious title aspirations. “If they (United) really believe they can win the Premier League then losing points isn't really an option," the Portuguese forward said. “It will be a hard knock for them, but they are still involved in a lot and they have had a really tremendous season after a shaky start. “We believe it can be a big game and hopefully we can win. It will be a big one, for sure. If we win it will give everyone a bit more respect for our momentum - and that's what we will try to do. It is like one of the biggest games in the Premier League, especially for the fans. “And it comes at the right moment for us - if you can say that in this season. We are ready to give it a go but it won't be easy at all.” Jota is desperate to return manager Jurgen Klopp's support during his time on the sidelines, and appears determined to end what has been an extremely challenging campaign strongly. “Even when I was injured, he (Klopp) is the kind of manager who gives you confidence and belief," he added. “I know he trusts me and I have tried to deliver on the pitch. “It has not been easy being out for so long and expecting to get my rhythm back. Against Wolves I was able to get an assist. That is what the attacking players want - to get involved in goals. “Of course, we can finish in fourth place. It's not something that we would have wished for at the beginning of the season, but it's more realistic now and the thing we can fight for.”