Mercedes are at risk of falling further off the pace in Formula 1 this season after prioritising reliability over performance, amid the current freeze over certain engine improvements. Along with Honda, Renault and Ferrari, Mercedes can no longer make performance changes to their power units before the new sustainable-energy regulations are introduced in 2026. Those same teams were permitted to make tweaks to reliability until late in the 2022 campaign, however, which is understood to have been the tactic used by Honda, Renault and Ferrari. But F1 analyst Ted Kravitz has suggested Mercedes may have missed out by first developing a reliable engine and not gaining the potential power benefits. Kravitz, 48, participated in a recent Sky Sports Q&A, where he responded to an 'interesting' question concerning Mercedes' place in the power unit pyramid: “Given the sport’s engine freeze until 2026, there is a theory around the paddock that, because Mercedes were reliable with their power unit last year, they missed a trick in terms of designing it to be powerful but not reliable and then being able to fix the reliability, which was allowed up until September last year. “Lots of other manufacturers did that. Renault did that, Ferrari did that, Honda did that. It meant that they couldn’t get to the end of the season without using an extra power unit and getting a penalty but they didn’t mind that because they could bring the changes to the engine on reliability but have a secondary benefit of adding a bit more power as well." READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and George Russell 'will fight each other' as Mercedes face tough decision   The strategy of prioritising performance over reliability will have led to increased risk of uncurring penalties due to power unit changes over the course of the season. However, it would help provide those teams with a more powerful foundation for the campaigns to come before new engines are introduced in 2026. Formula 1 is changing its regulations in an effort to hit net-zero carbon emissions by 2030, with a new focus on the electric power produced. Kravitz went on to note neither Aston Martin nor Williams' cars incurred power unit penalties last year, but there's an argument that will count for little if Mercedes' engines struggle to be competitive. “Well, you might say hang on, you have gone the other way, you should have gone a bit more performance," Kravitz continued. “Take the hit on the engine penalty with reliability but be able to improve that under the engine freeze. But that is not what Mercedes have done and only time will tell if Mercedes live to regret that.” DON'T MISS F1 LIVE: Hamilton 'preparing for retirement', Ecclestone bombshell, Button stung by Norris Michael Schumacher health: Everything we know about F1 icon after Eddie Jordan update  F1 insider claims Aston Martin 'overrated' as fans told 'pay attention' to different team  On top of lacking the appropriate power to compete with the pace of Red Bull (powered by Honda or 'Powertrains' engines) and Ferrari, Mercedes' infamous porpoising issues held them back in 2022. That saw Lewis Hamilton fail to win a race for the first time in 16 seasons, finishing a career-worst sixth in the standings as a result. The murmurs emerging from pre-season testing in Bahrain suggest Red Bull and back-to-back champion Max Verstappen will still be the ones to beat in 2023. However, it's possible Mercedes' malaise in the title conversation will drag on even further than the upcoming campaign if their focus on reliability proves foolhardy.