Marvel fans are just a matter of weeks away from the release of Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3. The third movie in the Guardians franchise will be the second movie in Phase 5 (following Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania) but the third in the galactic franchise. As a result, it's going out with a bang, and director James Gunn has just confirmed how long the movie is going to be. Gunn recently posted a photo of the new villain, the High Evolutionary, on his Instagram account, telling fans he "can't wait for you all to meet" him. In the comments of the post, however, he was bombarded with questions from fans about the upcoming movie. One questioned the director: "Could you please tell us the runtime for GoGV3? Or at least confirm if it's longer than 1&2? Thanks." (sic) Gunn briefly replied: "It's longer than 1 & 2." (sic) This is quite shocking news considering how long the previous movies in the Guardians of the Galaxy series were. And, as a result, this breaks a Marvel runtime record for the series. The original, 2014 Guardians of the Galaxy flew into cinemas with a runtime of two hours and two minutes, making it one of the longest Marvel movies going at the time. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 hit cinemas in 2017 and expanded the runtime even further, reaching a staggering two hours 17 minutes. Even shorter was the Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special on Disney Plus, which had a tiny runtime of 42 minutes. Even if Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 is one minute longer than Vol 2, it will become the longest-running Guardians movie yet. But, considering this is the final movie in the Guardians franchise, we think Gunn might have an even longer movie up his sleeve. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 has a lot of ground to cover. Not only does Peter Quill (played by Chris Pratt) want to find Gamora (Zoe Saldana) and get her to fall in love with him again, but the film's trailer showed off the backstory of Rocket Raccoon (Bradley Cooper), as well as some new villain arrivals in the form of Adam Warlock (Will Poulter). With these things in mind, Vol 3 could come in well over two hours 30 minutes - and if it does, that will break even more records for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Don't miss... Ant-Man actress Kathryn Newton addresses Cassie actress swap [EXCLUSIVE] Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 had stars 'in tears' during final shoot [NEWS] Kang theory - T'Challa's son is the next Thanos-level threat [INFO] At the moment, there are two films in the MCU that are marked as the longest films in the series. The first is Eternals, which hit cinemas in 2021 and had a staggering runtime of two hours 36 minutes. However, the picture was widely panned by critics, making it one of the worst-reviewed films in the MCU to date. The recently released Black Panther: Wakanda Forever comes in as another long-running movie in the series at two hours 41 minutes. The longest movie in the series thus far, however, is Avengers Endgame, which reached a staggering three hours two minutes in cinemas. However long Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 is, it will surely be an emotional moment for fans of the series. It has already reduced its stars to tears during filming. Drax star Dave Bautista spoke to Digital Spy earlier this month to reveal how emotional things got between the cast in the final days of filming. Bautista said: "There were days when we talked about [the end] on set. We took pictures, and we made videos. I remember shooting the last scene that we were all going to shoot together. It wasn't the last day. It wasn't even close to the last day. But it was the last time that the original version of the Guardians of the Galaxy were on set together." He added: "We were all in tears. So I'm sure there's more of that to come." Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 hits cinemas on May 5, 2023. Guardians of the Galaxy and Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2 are available to stream on Disney Plus now.