A 31-year-old mother has been snapped grinning after she was arrested for allegedly abandoning two young children for two months. Raven Yates was taken into custody after cops broke down a bedroom door inside an apartment, police chief Stephen Carlisle has revealed. Carlisle said: "She was photographed in handcuffs with a full smile on her face and seemingly unbothered by the charges against her for allegedly putting her own children in danger." He added: "I think, was playing for the camera. She wanted to have a smile. "She wanted to look good. The arresting officer reportedly said she asked about putting lipstick on before the photo was taken." Yates is from Roman Forest in Texas but was found over 450miles away in Mobile, Alabama. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan warned US is 'absolutely sick of them' as popularity plummets She is accused of abandoning her daughter, 12, and son, three, at their home on Maplewood Ridge Drive on September 28. Yates is alleged to have told her daughter that she would be separated from her half-brother if she said anything about the alleged neglect. The 12-year-old managed to obtain food by asking her father to order takeaways while claiming her mother was at work. However, her father was alerted about the situation after family members spotted Yates in Mobile. READ MORE: Donald Trump to publish private letters from Princess Diana and Oprah in explosive book Police received a call from the father on November 14. In a press release, Roman Forest Police Department said: "The concerned father reported to the Roman Forest Police that his 12 year-old daughter has been home alone with her 3 year-old brother since September 28, 2022, much of the time without access to food or medical supplies. "The father immediately flew in from California where he had been working at the time. "The father had been informed that his child’s mother had been seen in Mobile, Alabama without her children and realised they were home alone because he had been asked by his daughter to send food regularly." DON'T MISS: Student killed in 'university frat hazing ritual' in Philippines  [SPOTLIGHT] Five key questions in fatal Cardiff car crash mystery [INSIGHT] Mum of missing Nicola Payne died without knowing what happened [LATEST]  The siblings are now in the care of their grandmother in Alabama, the New York Post has claimed. Yates was facing an arrest warrant for two counts of abandon and endangering a child without intent to return since December 8. The 31-year-old is currently being held in the Mobile County jail awaiting extradition back to Texas. 