George Russell doesn't appear to agree with David Coulthard's assessment that Ferrari will be a major concern for Mercedes at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Saturday's qualifying session was the first real sign for all teams on the grid to see where they are compared to their rivals. Red Bull managed to put their cars on the front row, but were not as far ahead as many predicted from last week's pre-season testing. Q1 on Saturday saw Aston Martin, Ferrari, Red Bull and Mercedes all separated by just a few tenths. That gap opened up more heading into Q3, but both Mercedes drivers as well as Charles Leclerc and Fernando Alonso opted for just one hot lap. Alonso ended up putting his Aston Martin between the Ferraris and Mercedes for Sunday's season-opening race and Russell, who starts in sixth ahead of Lewis Hamilton, is confident that his team have a strong enough race car to challenge both Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. However, the British driver is less sure on where Alonso will be in the pecking order. "It's definitely better than the single lap," Russell told Channel 4.  "I think if you look over the last four years, Ferrari have always qualified better than their race [pace]. Fernando is probably more of a dark horse than Ferrari are. I feel pretty confident we can have a bit of a tussle with Ferrari - they might be a tenth ahead of us, maybe two - but I can't imagine anything further. "But Fernando is the one I'm not too sure about." Russell's assessment of Ferrari's chances differs from that of Coulthard, who conducted the post-race interviews with the top three drivers from qualifying.  The 13-time Grand Prix winner believes Leclerc is in a strong position to challenge at the front, making Russell's aim of finishing on the podium that bit tougher. "He's confident," Coulthard said. "He's got a new set of tyres. That was a strategic decision. That's leadership from Fred [Vasseur]. That's confidence from Charles. I think they'll play a part in the race." Leclerc confirmed after qualifying that he opted for just one hot lap in Q3 in order to give him fresh soft tyres for Sunday's race. It likely puts the two Ferrari drivers on different strategies, while Alonso, Hamilton and Russell will be aiming to chase them down.