The US President is expected to miss King Charles' Coronation ceremony later this year as it "does not feel like an event Joe Biden will attend", according to a White House official. The momentous occasion is expected to be attended by other leaders from around the world. The King's Coronation will be held on May 6 at Westminster Abbey in London. As with previous coronations, world leaders, political and religious figures and celebrities often are invited to the crowning of the monarch. But it looks like Mr Biden will not be along those leaders to attend this year, according to a political staffer. “That does not feel like an event Joe Biden will attend,” a White House official who spoke on condition of anonymity told Time Magazine. However, the President's schedule for May has not yet been finalised, the source emphasised. After Queen Elizabeth II died in September last year, Mr Biden described her as "a great lady" and "an incredibly decent and gracious woman”. He also, along with many other world leaders, attended her funeral at Westminster Abbey. Biden has spoken openly about his Irish family's disdain for England and the British monarchy in his memoir, claiming that his mother once refused to sleep in a bed that the Queen had once slept in. READ MORE: Biden’s support for Ukraine under threat, new polling shows In the book, he also recalled his aunt once saying that his dad was "not a bad man" but he was "just English”. Before meeting the late Queen, his mother also apparently instructed him not to "bow down to her”. Once formal invitations are sent out in April, it will be decided if Mr Biden will attend the King's coronation, but if he chooses not to he wouldn't be the first US president to skip a monarch's coronation. President Dwight D. Eisenhower did not go to London for Elizabeth’s coronation in 1953, According to Time. It comes after several celebrities are believed to have turned down the chance to play at the royal event. Elton John, the Spice Girls, and Harry Styles are among the A-list celebrities who have already snubbed the chance to perform at the King's Coronation. Other big-name British celebrities like Ed Sheeran, Adele, and Robbie Williams have also turned down the chance to perform at the concert. According to sources close to the Coronation planning, officials have turned to The X Factor runner-up Olly Murs to fill in the gap. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews