 The Black Sabbath singer has noted that announcing his retirement was “one of the hardest things” he has had to tell fans, after he cancelled his upcoming European and UK shows. Highlighting his appreciation for the fans that are desperately holding on to their tickets with undying hope, the 74-year-old admitted he may return to touring life, if his doctor allows.   On February 1, Ozzy shared a lengthy, heartfelt post on social media as he announced he was cancelling all upcoming shows due to his infamous back injury. The artist noted that fans could get refunds for their tickets and added: “Believe me when I say that the thought of disappointing my fans really f**ks me up, more than you will ever know.” At the time, the Black Sabbath star highlighted that his team was brainstorming ways the singer could get back on the road, accommodating for his “physically weak” body. Following this revelation, fans inundated the star with well wishes and understanding, while many became incredibly concerned for the 74-year-old’s health. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden for days as she admits 'I have been poorly for so long now'  In a new interview on his radio show, Ozzy’s Boneyard SiriusXM hosted by Billy Morrison, the singer explained that he still has hope he will return to touring soon. Ozzy clarified that the only thing keeping him from the road and his fans is his physical health, and if he was medically able to he would be touring right now. He shared: “If I could tour I’d tour. But right now I can’t book tours because right now, I don’t think I could pull them off. “If the doctor said to me today, ‘Oh, you can tour.’ It would take another six months to get it together, you know?”    The passionate musician added that the “only thing” keeping him going is making his records. However, he shared: “But I can’t do that forever. I gotta get out there.” The singer also slammed the coverage of his February announcement, highlighting that he is still very much alive. He blasted: “I mean, I looked in the magazine, ‘Ozzy’s on his last legs.’  “I’m f**king not dying.” Ozzy’s cancelled tour, No More Tours 2, was delayed multiple times due to his ailing health and the pandemic. The rockstar has had a few notorious health scares and brutal injuries throughout his almost five decades in the public eye. In 2003 he was involved in a dangerous ATV accident in which he fractured multiple bones, including a vertebrae in his neck.  Over a decade later in 2019, the singer was heading to the bathroom during the night when he fell and aggravated his already present injury. The Crazy Train singer has undergone multiple procedures and treatments to aid his injured spine and has also been diagnosed with Parkinson’s Disease. In his February announcement, the singer added that he had undergone “three operations, stem cell treatments, endless physical therapy sessions and most recently groundbreaking cybernics (HAL) treatment”. Alongside his spinal injuries, Ozzy revealed his 2020 that he had been diagnosed with Parkinson’s Disease in 2003.