Stylish Queen Letizia rarely makes a fashion faux pas and today was no exception. On March 1, 2023, the royal stepped out in a pink dress and burgundy heels. Queen Letizia and King Felipe VI of Spain stepped out in Alicante this morning to attend the Investigation National Awards 2022. The couple looked suave with Letizia opting for a magenta pink dress and Felipe making a nod to her style statement with a baby pink tie. The Queen opted for a midi-dress complete with a round neck and blouson sleeves. It had an asymmetrical design on the bodice, with more material gathered on one side. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' The dress cinched in at the waist with a very visible panel, highlighting the royal's slim figure. The skirt of the dress hugged her hips and fell just below her knees in a midi style. As she walked a slit up one side of the dress was unveiled, revealing some of Letizia's slender pins. The colour was absolutely fabulous on her and she complemented the pink with some monochromatic and tonal accessories. Letizia carried a gorgeous patent burgundy clutch in one hand. She also wore a pair of burgundy pumps - also patent - for the perfect style pairing. These heels were very high, accentuating the royal's fabulous legs, and had a pointed toe. As for jewellery, Letizia of course honoured the pink theme with some colourful earrings. READ MORE: Meghan shared how women can look 'a million times better' in clothes These boasted four stones, two magenta pink either side of two blue ones. She wore one gold ring but appeared to have left her Signature Karen Hallam jewel at home this time. She opted for a shimmery pink lipgloss as opposed to hot pink lipstick to add some subtlety to the look. Aside from this she went for flawless foundation, a sweep of blush, bronzer and highlighter. The royal went for her signature dark smokey eye with a touch of deep purple to complement the pink look. Letizia wore her hair down with a centre parting, cascading down her shoulders into loose curls. Ever the romantic, King Felipe VI nodded to his wife's theme with a pastel pink tie. He paired this with a white shirt and crisp blue suit.