KSI’s coach Alexis Demetriades has revealed the British YouTube star’s initial reaction to Jake Paul and Tommy Fury’s Saudi showdown. A confident KSI called Demetriades straight after the fight and told him he "wants to sleep both of them and that he could do it easily". After eighteen months of waiting and two failed attempts at getting the long-awaited grudge match over the line, Fury defeated Paul over eight rounds at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia. With scorecards of 75-74 Paul, 76-73 Fury, 76-73 Fury, the Brit took the fight on a split decision but remained in control for the most part. Keeping Paul at bay with his jab and nimble footwork, the ex-Love Island contestant made good use of his clinch to smother the inside work of the always-advancing American. Although Paul did cause him problems in stages, particularly during the final round when a stiff jab dropped Fury to the canvas. They are now expected to rematch later this year with esteemed boxing insider Mike Coppinger suggesting that organisers are targeting the second fight for July. No location has been disclosed although another event in Saudi Arabia looks like the most likely option. KSI is hoping to face the winner at the back end of the year and Demetriades is confident his man has what it takes to beat either man after watching them square off last month. "Both Tommy and Jake were very tired, and the volume and the power punch volume wasn't that high,” he told Sky Sports News. "KSI's got a lot of power in both of his hands and has improved massively with it. He's not one-dimensional or a one-handed fighter as some of these guys are. I have no doubt in my mind that KSI would put Jake Paul and Tommy Fury to sleep." MORE BOXING NEWS... Wilder snubbed in hardest puncher debate by Nigerian boxer Peter Ex-Joshua coach refuses to back down from controversial comments Misfits Boxing 'disrespectful to sport' as Mayweather lumped into dig Although Demetriades admits Fury is more technically sound than KSI he believes the content creator’s physical attributes, chiefly his chin, power and cardio, will be the decider. "KSI punches very, very hard, so if he catches Tommy, which he would, he's 100% sleeping him. "From what I've seen in the gym, KSI is knocking out professional fighters, good level boxers, national level guys, well-known guys in the scene. He knocks them out. KSI has the dog in him." KSI’s next fight is expected to take place in May against either former UFC welterweight champion Tyron Woodley or professional boxer and millionaire businessman Joe Fournier.