Liverpool star Darwin Nunez has been compared to Reds icon Fernando Torres in an exciting assessment ahead of a looming summer rebuild for Jurgen Klopp. Despite Sunday’s 7-0 drubbing of Manchester United, those at Anfield will still be aware of the sizable task that will come at the end of the season with several reinforcements needed after a disappointing campaign. However, the victory over fierce rivals United highlighted that the Reds’ attack may be in safe hands with the likes of Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo and Nunez, as the Uruguayan has recently been compared to Torres by Liverpool icon John Barnes. The 23-year-old was part of a front three that all got braces against United and, after a mixed start following his big-money summer move from Benfica, now appears to be enjoying life at Anfield. Torres made a fast start to life at Liverpool following his £20million transfer from Atletico Madrid in 2007, scoring 24 goals in 33 Premier League appearances in his first season at the club before two-and-a-half more years filled with joyous moments that ended with a British record transfer to Chelsea. However, his time at Anfield endeared him to Liverpool supporters and Barnes believes that Nunez is “similar” to the former Spanish striker. MUST READ Chelsea and Liverpool fighting to sign their own 'Lionel Messi' [LATEST] "I think that Fernando Torres came into Liverpool and scored goals straight away and the crowd loved him straight away,” Barnes told BonusCodeBets. “He didn't come into a team that was necessarily struggling and if it was, he was always scoring goals. "In terms of the way they play, they both like to come in from the left onto their right foot. I feel that Fernando was more of a centre forward to score goals, than Darwin, possibly. But in terms of their physicality, their pace, their commitment, their determination, they're similar in that respect." Don't miss... Liverpool target Kvaratskhelia idolised player Reds nearly swooped for [TRANSFERS] Daughter of former Liverpool manager wins 350/1 bet on Man Utd mauling [LATEST] Pellegrini shoots down Utd and Liverpool over possible title penalties [REACTION] Nunez has recently taken up an unexpected role in the team compared to the one previously imagined, as he has operated on the left-wing spot vacated by Sadio Mane, while Gakpo has played through the middle in a withdrawn role similar to how Roberto Firmino played for years. The new-look front three has excited supporters and eased fears that more money will need to be spent in forward areas, while there may be a need for several midfield reinforcements to join Klopp’s squad in the summer. Borussia Dortmund’s Jude Bellingham has been labelled as the Reds’ top target, but whether he will be able to go down as the new Steven Gerrard and repeat the famous Torres-Gerrard partnership with Nunez remains to be seen.