Patrick John McEnroe is a former professional tennis player, broadcaster and former captain of the United States Davis Cup team. Born in Manhasset, New York, he is John McEnroe's youngest brother and, much like his sibling, also boasts a rather impressive tennis CV. Over the course of his career, Patrick won one singles title and 16 doubles titles, including the 1989 French Open. His career-high rankings were world No 28 in singles and world No 3 in doubles. McEnroe started playing tennis as a young boy and was taught at the Port Washington Tennis Academy, where his brother John also played. As a junior, Patrick reached the semi-finals of Wimbledon and the US Open boys' singles in 1983. He partnered Luke Jensen to win the French junior doubles and the USTA Boys' 18 National and Clay Court titles in 1984. He also made his first impact on the professional tour that year, teaming up with brother John to win the doubles title at Richmond, Virginia. He won the men's doubles gold medal at the 1987 Pan American Games with Jensen, and helped Stanford University win the NCAA team championship in 1986 and 1988. After turning professional a year later, he won the French Open men's doubles title and the Masters doubles title, partnering with fellow American, Jim Grabb. His first career singles final came in 1991 at Chicago, where he ironically faced his brother John, who won the match 3-6, 6-2, 6-4. It was the second time in tour history where two brothers faced each other in a tournament final, after Emilio Sanchez and Javier Sanchez met in the Madrid final in 1987. In contrast to his brother, Patrick showed a calm on-court demeanour, noting: "I’ve had a lot of exposure to the spotlight since I was a kid... it’s more beneficial to me outside of tennis and inside of tennis to be composed. I don’t need extra attention. I’m calm most of the time." Still, there was no doubt that John had been an important influence. Patrick added: "He supported me from when I first started and I was really struggling and wondering myself, 'Hey, can I make it in pro tennis?' and he was always kind of my biggest support saying, 'You can make it.'" McEnroe won the men's singles at the Sydney Outdoor Championships in 1995, to claim his only career singles title. He also had some notable Grand Slam singles results that year - beating Boris Becker in the first round of the Australian Open - before eventually losing in the fourth round. McEnroe then reached the quarter-finals of the US Open where he lost to Becker in an epic four-hour and seven-minute four-set marathon. He later retired from the professional tour in 1998. In the Davis Cup, McEnroe represented his country as a doubles player in 1993, 1994 and 1996, compiling a 3-1 record. In 2000, after older-brother John resigned following an unhappy 14-month spell as captain, he was named the 38th captain of the United States Davis Cup team. With McEnroe as captain, the Davis Cup team won the Cup for the US in December 2007. He resigned the position of team captain on September 6, 2010. His time as captain is the longest of any US Davis Cup captain. Following his departure, McEnroe has become a formidable face and voice with ESPN. He is regularly paired with his brother John or Darren Cahill. Patrick works as the lead play-by-play man for many of ESPN's tennis events. Away from the world of tennis, McEnroe - worth an estimated £19m ($23m) - is married to singer and actress Melissa Errico. The pair share three daughters, Victoria Penny and twins Juliette Beatrice and Diana Katherine. Melissa is known for her Broadway musical roles such as Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady and the title role in One Touch of Venus, as well as her recordings of musical theater classics, including albums of songs by Stephen Sondheim and Michel Legrand.