Over the past few weeks, ITV viewers have seen Daisy Midgeley (played by Charlotte Jordan) terrorised by stalker Justin Rutherfield (Andrew Still) who has increasingly become more and more obsessed with her in the lead-up to her wedding. However, in scenes set to air next week, the bride-to-be decides to take matters into her own hands and the much-loved Coronation Street character if left horrified by what she learns. After Justin bombarded Daisy with unwanted gifts, he escalated his obsession by getting a delivery job in order to obtain her address and contact details. With the local police not doing a great deal to help her, the Rovers barmaid has been living in fear as she continues to try and plan her wedding to Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard). Although she decides to take legal action by attending a Stalking Protection Order hearing this week, which would prevent him from bothering her further, it looks as though he isn’t deterred. In scenes set to air next week, Coronation Street viewers will see Daisy finally decide she's had enough as she takes matters into her own hands. READ MORE:Jeremy Kyle jokes Prince Harry should 'throw Meghan down a well'  Horrified to find Justin lurking outside, Daisy takes out her phone and starts to film him in a bid to show him how it feels to be harassed. As she livestreams the row on her social media, Jenny (Sally Ann Matthews) and Glenda (Jodie Prenger) watch from the pub in horror at what’s happening. While Justin quickly hurries away, Daisy is later paid a visit by his sister Karen (Lynn Kennedy) who shines a light on her brother. Giving her a word of warning, she informs Daisy this isn’t the first time Justin has become obsessed with someone and tells her to watch out as he’s dangerous.  Later on, when she spots a delivery van on the street, she suffers a panic attack thinking it’s Justin. As Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott) tries his best to calm Daisy down, she confides in him and admits she is always looking over her shoulder in fear that he’s around. Trying to focus on her wedding, she tells Daniel that everyone they booked for the wedding is back on board, apart from the florist. Swallowing her pride, she decides to ask Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) if she’d want to do the flowers for the big day.  Don't miss... Gogglebox stars 'stopped drinking' after embarrassing moment [LATEST] Unforgotten's Sanjeev Bhaskar details 'challenging' Sunny Khan scenes [LATEST] Ngozi Fulani steps down from Sistah Space after Palace's new apology [LATEST]  However, Tracy doesn’t make it easy for Daisy as she agrees, but only if she and her daughter Amy (Elle Mulvany) can be bridesmaids. Will Daisy bite the bullet and accept Tracy’s demands in an attempt to make her wedding go as smoothly as possible? Or will she be forced to look elsewhere as the big day approaches? Speaking about Daisy’s stalker situation, actor Andrew Still revealed he was shocked at what’s going to be happening in the future. He commented: “I knew the beginning of the arc at first. I knew about Justin coming in as a stalker and that he could get obsessive.   "He was pitched as someone who has misplaced affections, but also with this possible darker edge in the future." "What you've seen on screen recently are as much as I knew about where the story was going. "Then I came in and they said: 'Well, this is maybe what we've got planned down the road'. It was a bit of a shock when I heard what's going to be happening further down the line…" Coronation Street continues Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV1 from 8pm.