Chelsea took the aggregate lead in their Champions League knockout match against Borussia Dortmund in controversial circumstances after Kai Havertz was given the opportunity to retake his spot-kick with Peter Walton explaining why the decision was made. Havertz was given a golden opportunity to double Chelsea's lead on the night at Stamford Bridge after Marius Wolf was adjudged to have handled the ball inside the box.  Danny Makkelie was advised to go over to the pitchside monitor, where he ended up pointing to the spot to the frustration of the Dortmund players. But their frustration turned to anger just moments after Havertz hit the post on his first spot-kick attempt. The Germany international had sent Alexander Meyer the wrong way, but his shot cannoned back into the box off the post with Salih Ozcan clearing the ball away. However, Makkelie soon blew his whistle to instruct for the penalty to be retaken for encroachment. There was initial confusion on why the spot-kick would be retaken, with several Chelsea players also inside the box. But former Premier League referee Walton explained the encroachment was for Ozcan who ended up clearing the ball away.  "That's encroachment yes, he's clealy in the area there," he said. "He had a material effect on the ball. "The ball comes back off the post and when you see it play, it's the player who has encroached who clears the ball."  Don't miss... Peter Walton mocked after rapid U-turn on Chelsea penalty vs Dortmu... [LATEST] Liverpool receive Jude Bellingham sucker punch as meeting 'underway' [LATEST] Chelsea to 'consider two managers' if Graham Potter tenure tailspins [LATEST] Chelsea came into the match having lost the first leg 1-0 in Dortmund, but Graham Potter's side started the better of the two teams in the second leg. Raheem Sterling, Havertz and Joao Felix all have good chances to give Chelsea the lead early in the first half. And they soon got their just rewards with Sterling fighting for the ball inside the Dortmund box before firing in past Meyer. That match looked as though it could have been heading for extra-time and even penalties heading into the second half. But Chelsea continued their press on the Dortmund box and found their breakthrough with Havertz's second penalty. 