 WARNING: This article continues spoilers for the season finale of Endeavour. After 11 years on-screen, the long-running ITV crime drama came to an end on Sunday night as Endeavour paid tribute to the original Inspector Morse series. During the episode, viewers saw Joan Thursday’s (played by Sara Vickers) wedding to Jim Strange (Sean Rigby).   Over the past decade, the prequel to the early detective days of Inspector Morse has attracted a huge audience with the last three episodes in series eight attracting an average of 4.5 million viewers. However, on Sunday night it all came to an end as Endeavour fans saw plenty of twists and turns throughout the two-hour film as the curtains fell on the hit ITV show. The third and final episode, titled Exeunt, saw Fred Thursday (Roger Allam) and Endeavour Morse’s final case together which had the duo looking into the deaths of outspoken academics. Although there was also the joyous occasion of Joan and Jim’s wedding, where viewers saw Endeavour Morse reveal all, sort of. READ MORE:Carol Vorderman slams BBC 'hypocrisy' to Gary Lineker after discovery During her big day, Morse was seen having a candid moment with Joan where he confessed his true feelings after years of undeniable chemistry between the two. As the Inspector laid his heart on the line, the two shared a long-awaited kiss which thrilled viewers who had been waiting for the pair to get together. Although the happiness was short-lived when it was revealed the moment was all in Morse’s head and in reality he embraced the new bride with a tear rolling down his face at losing the love of his life. It wasn’t long before viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the final plot twist with many unimpressed with the false hope for the duo.  Butterfly502 said: “Last part of #Endeavour I thought we had the ending we all wanted with those #morse and Joan together.” Seutendeern added: “Honestly. That was rather cruel #Endeavour for all Joan and Morse shippers.” Mrskmob1 commented: “I've tried to keep a dry eye, but I've surrendered. Why did Morse not just say the words to Joan earlier.? It could've all ended so happily.” Iambiancafh tweeted: “THAT CANNOT BE HOW IT ENDS BETWEEN MORSE AND JOAN.”  Don't miss... Love Island winners 'confirmed' ahead of final as expert spots sign [LATEST] Antiques Roadshow expert ‘excited’ by value of rock 'n' roll jewellery [LATEST] Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [LATEST] Tardisgirl93 said: “I can't believe that #Endeavour gave me the perfect Morse and Joan scene... only to reveal it was ALL IN MORSE'S HEAD!!!!!! pls THIS IS TORTURE I AM HURTING!!!!!! “ Mrs_topcat added: “That tear rolling down Morse’s face has finished me.” Elsewhere in the episode, fans saw Joan’s dad Fred leave Oxford after a past crime had started to catch up with him. One of the final scenes between Morse and Thursday saw him admit to killing the biker as he would’ve killed his son Sam (Jack Bannon) otherwise. Although Endeavour had given Fred more time to escape by throwing the other biker gang off, telling them Tomahawk was Lott’s inside man, he warned his mentor that the gang would come after him for revenge eventually.   It was then that Fred decided he and his wife had to move further than Carshalton to evade the vengeance of the bikers as Endeavour promised to keep a watch over his daughter Joan. In 2022, the final series of Endeavour was confirmed by executive producer Damian Timmer as he revealed creator Russell Lewis felt as though it had come to a natural conclusion. Executive producer Damien Timmer commented: "Endeavour has been a real labour of love for all of us, and we salute Russell Lewis for his extraordinary achievement in chronicling Endeavour Morse’s coming of age across 72 hours of TV.  "Russell always knew where he wanted the series to end, and that Remorseful Day is nearly upon us! We’d like to thank Shaun and Roger and all the other members of the Endeavour family on and off screen, and to the show’s fans both in the U.K. and abroad. "Russell has many surprises up his sleeve for the final three films, with the return of some familiar faces and new challenges for Endeavour and Thursday to face before the final goodbye!" Endeavour is streaming on ITVX now 