Throwing Prince Harry and Meghan Markle out of Frogmore Cottage as "not a good move" by King Charles, a royal expert has said. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were handed an eviction notice in January, with reports emerging sthat Prince Andrew had been offered to move into the residence in their place. Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk the switch could leave His Majesty facing a significant PR headache because of the Duke of York's public image. The To Di For Daily host said: "The Palace hasn't confirmed the Andrew element... I would say within the royal commentator chat, when this story dropped, we were all going, 'this is not a good look for the Palace.' "You're going to kick Harry out, the son of the King, who has been so open about his mental health issues and feeling excluded from the family and going to move in the brother of the King who has brought nothing but shame over the last few year? "It's not a good look." But Schofield noted the decision to end Harry and Meghan's lease of the property could help in the King's bid to cut spending for the whole family. JUST IN: Charles to move to Buckingham Palace after £369m refit and WON'T slim down property empire The Telegraph reported last month that senior royals had been advised they would see less money coming their way from the royal purse. The royal commentator said Prince Andrew's current home, Royal Lodge, is "extraordinarily extensive" and the Duke is unlikely to be able to afford it since he entirely stepped back from his roles. The Duke announced his temporary retirement from royal duties following a disastrous interview with BBC's Newsnight about his relationship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. In 2022, Buckingham Palace announced Andrew had agreed with the late Queen to renounce his honourary roles as well – marking the complete end of his royal career. READ MORE: 'I don't want to do that!' Tyler Perry puts foot down at Lilibet's christening Ms Schofield continued: "Financially and logistically, this is a solution to a problem that exists. "Harry and Meghan no longer live in the UK, Harry has said repeatedly that America is his home now, and he has no desire to go back. "America is Harry and Meghan's home, there is an empty, newly-renovated house on the Windsor Estate. "And Royal Lodge is excruciatingly expensive – I think they're looking at roof renovations that need to be done." DON'T MISS: Prince Harry playing 'dangerous game' to reinvent Sussex image in US [INSIGHT] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will turn Coronation into 'soap opera' [LATEST] King's Coronation invite marks 'slight thawing' with Meghan and Harry [ANALYSIS] She added: "And the maintenance and upkeep on that is not something that the Duke of York is in a position to afford right now anymore. "He really has to live within his means. He's going to have to change lifestyle because he's no longer a working royal and because of that this was just logistically a solution to a problem." Royal Lodge boasts seven bedrooms and has been home to Prince Andrew since 2003. Frogmore Cottage was gifted to Prince Harry and Meghan Markle following their marriage in 2018. They have not resided full-time at the property since stepping down two years later. Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank have been using it as a temporary base while splitting their time between the UK and Portugal. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews