After a few cups of tea, crockery can become stained with nasty brown marks if they are not cleaned or soaked straight after use. The brown marks are caused by tannic acid, or tannins, which are staining agents placed in several different beverages to give them their colour. If extremely stubborn, they may not even come off in the dishwasher, and instead need to be removed by hand. To try and remove them I opted for the baking soda method. While tannins are harmless to humans, they can leave mugs with nasty stains. This can be embarrassing when households have guests over their home. Browsing the internet for effective ways to remove these brown marks, I came across a hack that used baking soda and didn’t involve any scrubbing. As tea is a favourite in my household, many of the mugs have gathered brown stains. However, there was one particular cup that had recently been stained badly. To begin with, I put the kettle on to boil and placed some baking soda in the bottom of the cup - just enough to cover the bottom. READ MORE: I used the two minute baking soda method to clean my stained microwave As a mild abrasive, baking soda is great as it works away at stains, while not damaging the cup. The baking soda I used was Dri-Pak Bicarbonate of Soda which retails for £1 at Home Bargains, but can also be purchased from Robert Dyas for £2.50. It’s worth noting that any baking soda can be used for this cleaning method. Supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda sell baking soda for only 65p. Once the kettle had boiled, I poured the water into the stained mug, making sure to fill it up as much as possible to help target the stains near the top. DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]‘Soak off’ stubborn air fryer grease with 4p item - ‘works like magic’ [COMMENT]Monty Don shares 7 plants to prune in March - ‘only 1 rule to follow’ [EXPERT] With the boiling water poured in, I left the mug for around five minutes before emptying the liquid. After I used a damp sponge and a small amount of washing up liquid to wipe the inside of the cup. I used the Fairy Antibacterial washing up liquid which retails for £1.50 at Sainsbury’s. However, it would work just as well with any other brand of washing up liquid. Cheaper dishwashing soap can be purchased for 37p at Asda, 45p at Tesco and at Sainsbury’s for 50p. READ MORE: ‘Kill mould’ on walls in '10 minutes' using ‘the best’ natural item I thought I would have to scrub the mug to get rid of the remaining marks but to my surprise, the baking soda had done most of the work for me by softening the stains. Using baking soda rather than bleach, which is often suggested, is much safer for the environment as well as the home, especially if there are pets or children around. For those who find that this baking soda method doesn’t work for them, rather than pouring out the baking soda solution at the end of the five minutes they can use a non-scratch cleaning pad to rub the paste over the stains. The gentle rubbing motion should lift those stains easily that are particularly more stubborn. However, for me the stains easily lifted when wiped over with a sponge. As well as using baking soda, many recommend using dishwasher and denture tablets to help dissolve tea stains. Dishwasher tablets are designed to tackle hard water, remove stains and dissolve grease, so could be great to use in this situation. While denture tablets are typically designed to clean porcelain and acrylic resin dentures, they can be used to clean similar household items. It turns out that denture tablets contain many of the same ingredients as basic household cleaners and laundry detergent.