The son of a former Cardiff City and Queens Park Rangers footballer is among three people killed in a horror car crash following a night out. Rafel Jeanne, 24, was discovered dead in the wreckage near St Mellons, Cardiff, in the early hours of this morning. He and the two other people dead had been missing since the early hours of Saturday morning. UNDERSTAND THE FULL TIMELINE OF THE TRAGIC EVENTS HERE Rafel's dad Leon, 42, played as a winger for QPR and Cardiff City before moving around a host of other clubs and retiring in 2015. The group of friends were last seen around 2am on Saturday morning, with the search lasting 48 hours. Eve Smith, 21, who appeared in a Sky reality TV show after her sister was killed by a drug driver, and Darcy Ross, 21, were also found dead. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, were rushed to hospital with serious injuries. The friends had been pictured together in a Snapchat post on the night out before tragedy struck, Mirror says. The group are understood to have partied in popular bar Muffler in Newport, south Wales, before going to clubbing hotspot Trecco Bay in Porthcawl, around 37 miles away. Family of those missing had shared CCTV grabs of the Volkswagen Tiguan they were travelling in on the night of the disappearance. Police believe the car was involved in a crash and came off the A48. Eve's sister Lauren Doyle updated a Facebook post in the early hours of Monday to confirm she was among those to have died. "I will not comment on anyone other than Eve Smith to confirm that she has been confirmed as deceased," she wrote. "Thank you for your support and shares I won’t be answering messages please allow us some time as a family to digest this terrible news."  A friend of the group wrote: “Forever young god has gained another 3 Angels please keep all family & friends in your prayers through this hard time god bless RIP Eve, Darcy and Rafel.” Rafel’s friend described him as a “lovely kid”. Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and inquiries are ongoing. 