Manchester United's summer transfer shortlist is now reportedly taking shape as Erik ten Hag prepares to upgrade three crucial areas of his squad in a bid to close the gap on both Arsenal and Manchester City at the top of the Premier League. The Dutchman was forced to endure a quiet January window following an excessive £229million splurge upon arrival at Old Trafford - business that has propelled the Red Devils to new heights this season despite their embarrassing 7-0 defeat at the hands of bitter rivals Liverpool last weekend. United's productivity in the market was on display once again on Thursday night as Ten Hag's side swatted aside Real Betis with a 4-1 victory in the Europa League knockout stages. Both Antony and loan signing Wout Weghorst were on target for the hosts while Lisandro Martinez and Casemiro also responded well to poor personal performances at Anfield. At the end of the season, United will go in search of extra quality once again with a striker, central midfielder and goalkeeper all of interest to head coach Ten Hag as he continues to put his own stamp on his ever-improving team. According to The Telegraph, there are as many as nine targets currently on the club's radar as the board prepares to reach for the chequebook, although transfer funds could yet be bolstered by any potential takeover should the Glazers finally agree to sell up. A new, marquee No.9 is the priority for United this summer after the club have had to make do with the loan signing of Weghorst, who arrived from Championship leaders Burnley following the mutual termination of his season-long spell with Besiktas. Don't miss... Man Utd star Rashford shot down after 'impossible' Liverpool defence [REACTION] Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen are the two main names of interest in attack and it's believed United are prepared to break the bank to land the Tottenham talisman or Napoli sensation, who have scored a combined 37 league goals between them this season. Kane will enter the final 12 months of his current deal with Spurs in July, although he's believed to favour extending his stay in north London ahead of Mauricio Pochettino's seemingly imminent return to the club. Osimhen is the name on everyone's lips this season following his integral 19-goal contribution towards Napoli's Scudetto challenge and the Nigerian hitman is unlikely to come cheap on the basis of his red-hot form in front in Italy. Ghana international attacker Mohammed Kudus, who can play in multiple positions across the frontline and worked with Ten Hag at Ajax, is reportedly viewed as a cheaper alternative to Kane and Osimhen with the Dutchman thought to be keen on a reunion in Manchester. In midfield, United have renewed interest in last summer's top target Frenkie de Jong but the Holland international has already made it clear he intends to stay with Barcelona for the foreseeable future, complicating any move. Don't miss... Tottenham stars plead for Pochettino with five other names in fray [REPORTS] Man Utd boss Ten Hag addresses Fernandes doubts after Anfield meltdown [FALL-OUT] Garnacho has suffered rotten luck after shattering Man Utd ceiling [COMMENT] Other targets include Borussia Dortmund and England poster-boy Jude Bellingham, who is likely to cost well over £100m this summer with Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid also in the race for his signature. Moises Caicedo of Brighton is also of admiration but again, there is widespread interest from Premier League rivals including Arsenal, Chelsea and Liverpool, respectively. After formally outlining his desire to leave in January following two mega-money bids from Arsenal, Caicedo recently signed a new long-term deal with the Seagulls and the contract is not thought to contain a release clause, meaning Brighton hold all the cards over his future. Then there is Chelsea starlet Mason Mount, who United have now expressed an interest in signing as talks over a new deal at Stamford Bridge hit a snag. Mount's current deal is up in the summer of 2024 and with the England international currently on the outskirts of Graham Potter's starting XI, there is a chance he could depart his boyhood club in search of a new challenge. His international team-mate and close friend Declan Rice is another player that is admired by United but he is not thought to be an active target due to West Ham's inflated asking price and additionally, the importance of Casemiro, who plays in a similar role to the Hammers captain. Finally, the signing of a new goalkeeper is also on the agenda for Ten Hag with currently No.1 David de Gea still yet to fully win over the Dutchman following a few shaky performances between the posts this season as his kicking ability continues to be thrown into question. United have been in talks to extend the Spaniard's contract but there is also interest in Brentford's David Raya and Porto's Diogo Costa as the Red Devils continue to monitor the goalkeeper market ahead of a busy summer. Raya looks set to leave Brentford at the end of the season having rejected two contract offers in west London with Tottenham and Chelsea also keen.