One; did our former Health Secretary actually do anything else except send text messages during the early days of the pandemic? And two; what on earth was he thinking in handing them all over to a journalist? It just beggars belief that he couldn’t see this coming. What makes it even worse is that by handing all these messages over he hasn’t just created a problem for himself. He’s created a huge mess for absolutely everyone else who he was communicating with. I doubt his Cabinet colleagues and members of his inner circle had a clue he was going to be doing this. Such a shoddy mistake will surely mean any hopes he might have of one-day re-entering politics are gone. His judgment has been shot to bits and right now I bet he wishes he’d stayed in the Jungle well away from the headlines.In recent days some people have said this sorry saga underlines the need for a speedier public inquiry into what went wrong during those horrendous early weeks and months of the pandemic. I understand why people want answers. And I also understand why people want answers quickly. But come on, do me a favour, does anyone honestly believe a public inquiry will really do this? I’ve lived through enough Government cock-ups over the years to know that a public inquiry is the first thing they create to try and kick the can down the road as far as they can. If and when the day comes for it to report, ministers will have hoped we’ve all moved on. The cynic in me also wonders if one of the real reasons why this is being delayed so long is to try and stop what is likely to be a flood of compensation claims from victims. Over the weekend, top cancer specialist Dr Karol Sikora, hit the nail squarely on the head. “I’m part of the medical profession,” he said. “If I make a mistake, I can still be held to account years later. I can be suspended and struck off. The same doesn’t apply to politicians. Everyone’s moved on. Nothing will change.” In other words, the whole thing is going to be a whitewash. And isn’t that the most depressing part of all of this? That nothing looks like it will change. This month marks three years since Boris Johnson sat before us all and told us to stay at home. We all followed the rules because we believed it would help save lives. Many were also left paralysed by fear as to what the future would hold. Yet three years on if, God forbid, the country was struck by another virus like Covid do you have any greater confidence that Ministers would know what they are doing? I don’t.Despite all the lives lost, the jobs that have vanished, and the hundreds of billions of pounds drained from the economy, we’ve not got a strategy to deal with a future crisis. We’ve not learned a single lesson.  And surely that’s the biggest scandal of all.