Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta could reportedly sanction the sale of left-back Kieran Tierney to Newcastle, a man once tipped to wear the armband at the Emirates. The Scottish defender has fallen down the pecking order in recent months as Oleksandr Zinchenko has established himself as first choice on the left-hand side of the defence. Tierney has fallen victim to Arteta preferring a left-back who is able to tuck inside and move into midfield, rather than an overlapping full-back who operates instead on the right in the form of Ben White. The 25-year-old has made just four Premier League starts this season and is on course for his lowest amount of starting appearances since joining the club from Celtic in 2019 for £25million. As Arteta prefers Zinchenko at left-back and the Ukrainian adding a new dimension to the Arsenal team, The Telegraph has claimed that Newcastle are plotting a move for Tierney if the Gunners are prepared to sanction a sale. The report states that the Scottish international would cost in excess of £30m, while Eddie Howe has been a long-term admirer of the marauding left-back. The news would come as a surprise to those following Arsenal in the early years of the Arteta era, when Tierney at times looked like the most senior player on the pitch as the Spaniard attempted to bring through several products of the Hale End academy and his influence in the team was clear. Arsenal icon Martin Keown even made the prediction that Tierney would go on to become the club captain. Don't miss... The Premier League table minus VAR as Arsenal top and Liverpool flying [LATEST] "Now Arteta has acted, he's got the chance to select his own skipper," Keown wrote in his Daily Mail column in 2021 when Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was ousted by Arteta. "Under his management, I believe Kieran Tierney has been the standout player who could fulfil that role. "But Tierney's relationship seemed strained with his manager recently when he returned from injury and wasn't brought straight back into the team." Don't miss... Arsenal urged to hijack Liverpool transfer for Mount on one condition [LATEST] Arsenal set fresh challenge by Jamie Carragher in Man City title tilt [LATEST] Football news LIVE: UEFA offer Liverpool refunds, Man Utd leaks [LATEST] Whether Arsenal would be willing to let Tierney leave remains to be seen, as he is one of the better backup left-backs in the division. However, a fee north of £30m for a fringe player would be hard to turn down if a replacement can be found to cover Zinchenko. Nuno Tavares has spent the season on loan at Marseille and has enjoyed a mixed spell in France, having initially won the Ligue 1 side over with his early-season goalscoring exploits and the 23-year-old was a strong presence down the left flank. However, his recent form has dipped and that has raised questions over whether the Portuguese defender can succeed at Arsenal in the long term. Takehiro Tomiyasu has occasionally filled in on the left, but if Tierney leaves for Newcastle and Tavares is not deemed ready for the Premier League then Arteta would likely need to find a replacement in the summer.