Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have issued a fresh statement defending their decision to formally adopt the prince and princess titles for their two children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, 21 months. They said the matter had been "settled for some time" and hinted that they had reached an agreement with King Charles. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat They said: "The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace.” Yesterday, Harry and Meghan released a surprise statement confirming their daughter had been christened in a private ceremony in California. But hidden within the statement was their decision to adopt the titles for their children, as the 21-month-old was referred to as "Princess Lilibet Diana". A spokesperson for the couple told People magazine: “I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor.” READ MORE:Harry's relationship with royals is 'defrosting' after title change  It marks the first time the couple have referred to either of their children as either prince or princess, settling the long debate on the matter. Their son, who will turn four on the day of the Coronation, will become known as Prince Archie Harrison. Harry and Meghan are understood to have only just decided that their children’s prince and princess titles would be adopted in formal situations. They have said they will not be used in everyday conversation. Archie and Lilibet automatically became prince and princess when King Charles, acceded the throne in September but neither the Palace nor the couple confirmed whether the titles would be used.  Don't miss... Prince Harry is cementing his children's royal future [COMMENT] Harry and Meghan insist Palace approved of Archie and Lilibet's titles [LATEST] HRH titles for Archie and Lilibet will fuel 'press attention' [EXPERT] The Royal Family’s official website was updated on Thursday morning to reflect their new titles, before it referred to the sixth and seventh in line to the throne as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. It now names them as Prince Archie of Sussex and Princess Lilibet of Sussex.  Their use of the titles is in line with the 1917 Letters Patent issued by George V, which conferred the title of prince or princess on male-line grandchildren of the sovereign. If the King wanted to block their usage for the Sussexes’ children, he would have needed to issue a fresh Letters Patent. While Archie and Lilibet will take on the titles, they will not use their His/Her Royal Highness styles. This is because their parents relinquished the use of their HRH styles in an official capacity when they stepped down as senior working royals in the spring of 2020. 