Vladimir Putin is reportedly “furious” after it was leaked that he allegedly spends time at a secret luxury villa with his mistress Alina Kabaeva. Claims on Telegram from alleged Kremin insiders suggested the Russian autocrat was “swearing” and “yelling” in the Kremlin about the leak, which he blamed on his mistress’ “circle of friends”. A report from independent Russian media outlet Proekt claimed Putin lives with 39-year-old gymnast Alina Kabaeva earlier this week. It suggested they reside there with their children in a luxury home on Lake Valdai, around 250 miles away from Moscow. On the grounds are a go-kart track, football pitch, golden furniture, a defence system and an exclusive train station. “It was built specifically for Kabaeva,” Proekt cited a source as saying. Telegram channel General SVR, which claims to be run by a Kremlin insider with access to Putin's inner circle, has since claimed that after the leak was made public, Putin was “furious”. The channel suggested that “no one has seen the President so furious”. He was said to be “swearing” and “yelling” in rows with both his security officials and Kabaeva. His rage was so emphatic that he reportedly required medical assistance after his outburst. READ MORE: Russian recession tipped to deepen in 'turning point year' [REVEAL] It is believed that Putin is blaming the Russian security service, FSB, and Kabaeva’s friends for the leak. The Telegram channel said: “It was the FSB leadership's fault that they didn't keep a secret that was more serious than a state secret”. Putin reportedly criticised Kabaeva's friends as they “talk on every corner about everything they know and don't know”. The channel added: “Putin said that he had 100 percent information that the leak came from Kabaeva's circle of friends.” Kabaeva and Putin have never publicly acknowledged their relationship although they are thought to have at least two children together. DON'T MISS: Defiant pensioner blares siren outside Russian diplomat’s house [REPORT] Russia to imprison critics of illegal Wagner Group for up to 15 years  [REVEAL] Putin's botched PR stunt which left an endangered tiger dead  [INSIGHT] Kabaeva reportedly responded that she was “a wife without a husband” and “all the time by herself”. “Mutual recriminations ended with Kabaeva's tears and a short-lived improvement in the mood of the president, who, apparently, enjoyed the ‘victory’ in a verbal duel with his common-law wife,” the channel added. The Telegram report said Putin's health deteriorated after the row. The channel has long claimed Putin is suffering from cancer and other ailments, and this week added doctors had to stay with him for about half an hour. It added he is due to start “a mandatory course of therapy” in the coming days. These reports have not been verified. READ NEXT: Putin 'used at least 20 genocidal torture centres' in KhersonUK economy must grow or China and Russia will carve us upReal-life Romeo and Juliet from Russia and Ukraine flee Putin's war'We will never stop' Rebels vow new attacks after Russia spy plane hitLoud explosions heard as Crimea comes under attack