Jake Paul has broken his silence after his vodka tattoo, which he was paid £207,000 to get done by a former ball boy turned millionaire, mysteriously disappeared ahead of his fight with Tommy Fury. The Problem Child released a promotional video for the vodka company (AU Vodka) that paid him the extortionate fee. Paul fell to defeat for the first time in his professional career last weekend against fierce rival Fury at the Diriyah Arena in Saudi Arabia. After two failed attempts to make the contest happen in December 2021 and August 2022, many were sceptical about whether the fight would happen a third time around. However, both men turned up and went toe to toe for eight rounds under the scorching Saudi sun. Fury was declared the victor via a split decision, and they are now expected to run it back later this year with Paul revealing that he intends to activate the rematch clause in their contract. Before the bout, Paul agreed to get a tattoo of a bottle of AU Vodka on his right arm in exchange for £207,000. The company is owned by radio DJ Charlie Sloth and Charlie Morgan, who is best known for being the ball boy that got booted by Eden Hazard in 2013 for time wasting during Chelsea's Premier League clash with Swansea City. However, just days after getting the ink done, the tattoo was mysteriously removed from his skin, much to the surprise of eagle-eyed fans. Now, Paul has come out and released an advert for the alcoholic beverage on his Instagram story. “AU Vodka, the best-selling vodka in the UK, is now available in the US. Go and get yourself a bottle. This s***’s fire. And it’s blue,” said Paul before taking a swig of the drink. MORE BOXING NEWS... Khan torn apart as Froch explains if he'll return against 'Bambi' Carl Froch agrees with Tyson Fury as Tommy sent advice after Paul win Froch makes proposal to Jake and Logan Paul after YouTuber clash This comes after onlookers took to social media in their masses to point out that Paul’s new tattoo had mysteriously vanished on the night of the Fury fight. Taking to Twitter, one (@christudball) wrote: “@jakepaul what happened to your @AuVodka tattoo last night? It just disappeared. #auvodka #JakePaulvsTommyFury @Tyson_Fury #TommyFury.” Another (@gavinthomas2015) tweeted: “Imagine being hit that hard, your AU Vodka ‘tattoo’ falls off. #JakePaul.” Meanwhile, a third (@Payney26) added: “@jakepaul hey you seem to have lost the @AuVodka tattoo you was paid £250k for. Haven't seen it at all the last few days on your arm. Defo wasn't at the fight last night, or covered over with make up or it would have smudged or ran. Let us know if it turns up #auvodka #FuryPaul.”