The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh have been greeted by hundreds of royal fans on the Royal Mile after they received their new titles in the Scottish capital. Sophie, the former Countess of Wessex, has been granted the title of Duchess of Edinburgh after it was announced that her husband Prince Edward had been given his late father's Duke of Edinburgh title. The couple spoke with onlookers as they took part in their first royal engagement with their new titles. King Charles has conferred the title on his youngest brother to mark his 59th birthday today. The move means Prince Edward's wife, Sophie, also become Duchess of Edinburgh. In a statement released by Buckingham Palace, it said Prince Edward will take on the title from today, March 10, his 59th birthday. Edward will hold the title for the rest of his life and continue to use the title Earl of Forfar, but he will also use the more senior title Duke of Edinburgh. This raise in royal status for Sophie, 58, is a touching tribute to the late Queen's daughter-in-law who lovingly called her "mama". Their 15-year-old son James, Viscount Severn, becomes the new Earl of Wessex. James will not succeed Edward as duke, despite the title being hereditary in the past. Instead, he will become the Earl of Wessex and Forfar when the title of The Duke of Edinburgh reverts to the Crown, the palace said. The Palace statement read: "The new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip's legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential." They are in Edinburgh on Friday for a reception commemorating the first year of conflict in Ukraine, their first appearance with their new titles. As King Charles starts to streamline the monarchy, Sophie is given a prominent position as one of the fewer working royals thanks to Queen Elizabeth II granting her the title of Duchess of Edinburgh.   The title of the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh is one of the most senior in the Royal Family. Sophie and her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II shared a special bond as the Queen cared for Sophie in 2005 after her mother, Mary Rhys-Jones, 77, died from stomach cancer. Likewise, after the Duke of Edinburgh's death last year, Sophie became a "rock" to the queen, who found her presence "soothing". When Prince Edward married Sophie Rhys-Jones in 1999, Buckingham Palace had announced that "in due course" it was expected by the Queen and Prince Philip that Edward would eventually become Duke of Edinburgh. 