Harry and Meghan have sparked speculation they might still attend the Coronation, after playing down suggestions they were upset at being evicted from their UK home. A source close to the Duke of Sussex, 38, and Meghan, 41, dismissed claims by their biographer, Omid Scobie, they were “stunned” by the “cruel punishment”. Instead, the couple, who live in the US, claimed to be “OK” about King Charles asking them to vacate the five-bedroom Frogmore Cottage, ­on the royal estate at Windsor. A source close to Harry and Meghan said yesterday: “The world seems to be more distraught over it than they have been. “They are not fighting it. They have a roof over their heads. They were very privileged to have a ­second residence. It’s not going to work out for them there, and that’s OK.”  The Sussexes were told to leave the house in January, a day after Harry’s bombshell memoir, Spare, was published. But it only became public earlier this week, when it also emerged the King wanted to move his brother Prince Andrew into Frogmore Cottage from Windsor’s Royal Lodge. Thirty-room Royal Lodge is said to have a serious damp problem and to need a new roof. But Andrew, 63, is said to be resisting efforts to leave his home since 2004. Harry and Meghan are said to have accepted the loss of Frogmore Cottage as part of the King’s ­long-held desire to streamline the monarchy. However, the source said they were still worried about not having a home within the royal security perimeter. A survey of 1,000 British adults by OnePoll showed more than half back the decision to evict Harry and Meghan. One in three considered the move “completely fair”, ­49 percent thought it should have happened earlier and 44 percent said Meghan was blamed for the King’s’ decision. Meanwhile, the Jewish community has urged Harry to call off ­­an interview with Gabor Mate today, after it emerged the physician and author appeared to defend Pales­tinians firing rockets at Israel and call Israel’s government terrorists.  