In a statement on Twitter, it said: “This is a routine tool that we use most winters, and means we are asking generators to make available any additional generation capacity they may have.” They added that the activation of an EMN does not mean that the electricity supply is at risk. They added: “It highlights that, in the short-term, we would like a greater safety cushion between power demand and available supply. It does not signal that blackouts are imminent or that there is not enough generation to meet current demand.” They said there was a possibility that a Maximum Generation Service, a call to provide all power possible, might be instructed. Instructions were also issued to generators in North Yorkshire and Lincolnshire; although these may not be required, they are being warmed in case they are needed. READ MORE: UK snow maps show exact areas to be smothered as -15C freeze hits    The National Grid said the EMN would be in place between 4.30 pm and 8.30 pm on Tuesday as part of efforts to keep the north lit as the region is hit by a wave of snow and ice. Temperatures are forecast to fall as low as -15C in some parts of Scotland as the UK experiences a cold snap. The EMN isn’t the only tool the National Grid has and can use during the winter to protect supply margins. It can also trigger the Demand Flexibility Service, which involves paying household signatories to turn off high-usage appliances at peak times. Don't miss... Snow warnings extended with four day blitz to bring chaos to UK [WEATHER] Urgent warning to millions of dog owners issued by RSPCA  [WEATHER] Sub-zero blast to last for over a week as snow chaos begins in Britain [WEATHER] In order to guarantee energy security, the UK has five coal-fired units ready to be warmed up and used; these have become vital in the aftermath of Russia’s war in Ukraine, one which has affected gas supplies to Europe. A spokesperson for the National Grid ESO said: “The ESO has issued a notification that we will warm four of our five winter contingency coal units for potential use on Tuesday 7 March. This notification is not confirmation that the unit will be used on Tuesday, but that it will be available to the ESO if required. “The ESO as a prudent system operator has developed these tools for an additional contingency to operate the network as normal. This does not mean electricity supplies are at risk.”