Neil, 66, was a familiar face on ITV for 17 years and was known for being clean-shaven and wearing a red jumper. However, he looks unrecognisable these days performing with the heavy rock band Marseilles. The TV personality now has long locks that cover his forehead and rugged stubble. Neil still draws professionally between performing with Marseilles. He first joined Marseilles back in 1976, with the group releasing four albums and six singles together. The band have also supported the likes of Judas Priest, Nazareth, Whitesnake and UFO on tour. READ MORE: Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint Their record, Unfinished Business, was released via Gas Station and garnered positive reviews in specialist magazines. What’s more, they’re also claimed to have recorded backing vocals for Des’ree and Gary’s Guitars. Art Attack ran between 1990 and 2007, and was staple viewing for generations of young people, inspiring fans to get creative. When the CITV series finished its original run in 2007, Neil took most of the set home with him, where it still lives on to this day.  Not long ago, Neil found himself the subject of a conspiracy theory. People believed he was the secretive artist Banksy. The rumour started on Twitter after a user of the site noticed Banksy's work was popping up in the locations where Neil had performed with his band. However, the screen star denied this was the case. DONT MISS:Ant McPartlin 'felt sorry' for Bruno Tonioli at Britain's Got Talent (PHOTOS)John Cleese hits out at Charles moving Prince Andrew into Frogmore (NEWS)Pulp's Steve Mackey has died after 'fighting' in hospital for months (LATEST( He released a statement on his website at the time. It read: "We have been inundated with enquiries over the weekend regarding the current social media story. "Unfortunately, this website does not have the infrastructure to answer all these enquiries individually. “However, we can confirm that there is no truth in the rumour whatsoever." Neil was a regular in British households from 1990 to 2007 while appearing on Art Attack. The artist taught viewers how to paint and draw cartoons, and also make things out of household objects.