Blackpool have confirmed the death of supporter Tony Johnson after he was gravely injured from a fight which broke out between Seasiders fans and Burnley. The club have paid a heartfelt tribute to Mr Johnson and have offered followers the opportunity to come and pay their respects. Police had launched an investigation into the fight over the weekend with Mr Johnson left in a critical condition in hospital. And it has now been confirmed by Blackpool that he has sadly passed away after succumbing to his injuries. A statement on the club's website read: "Blackpool FC is deeply shocked and saddened to learn of the news that supporter, Tony Johnson, tragically lost his life earlier this morning. "The Club will be offering an open book of condolence from 4pm in the Moretti Lounge, giving supporters the opportunity to pay their respects to Tony. "Supporters are also invited to lay flowers at the Mortensen Statue behind the North Stand at 4pm today along with the Club's staff and players, giving everyone associated with the football club the chance to come together and remember a lifelong Seasider. "All of the thoughts of everyone at the football club go out to Tony's family and friends. Rest in peace, Tony." Burnley also paid their respects in a separate statement released on their Twitter page. It read: "Burnley Football Club are shocked and saddened to hear of the passing away of Blackpool fan, Tony Johnson, in the early hours of this morning. "We share our thoughts and condolences with his family, friends and everyone at Blackpool Football Club." Police are investigating the incident, which is believed to have occurred at the junction of Lytham Road and the Promenade in Blackpool following a 0-0 draw between the two sides in the Championship. A number of supporters from both clubs are believed to have been involved. A 33-year-old man from Burnley was arrested at the scene on suspicion of wounding and he has since been bailed, pending further enquiries, until June 1st. Lancashire Police have released a statement calling for any witnesses to come forward as they seek to work out what happened. They will also continue to liaise with both clubs in the meantime.  DCI Tracey McMurdo, of Lancashire Police, said: “Sadly Mr Johnson died in hospital overnight and his family are, understandably, devastated. We are supporting them at this difficult time and are determined to get them answers about what happened. “The investigation continues and we will pursue anybody involved to bring them to justice. "We now continue to appeal for information about what occurred. The incident took place in a busy area and we know there were a lot of people around at the time who will have seen all or part of what happened. There may also be people who filmed the incident on a mobile phone or captured it on CCTV or dashcam. “If you do have any footage, and have not yet been in contact with us, please get in touch. “At the heart of this is a grieving family, who are incredibly distressed by what has happened, so we also ask that if you have any footage you do not share it on social media. If you have already done so, we respectfully ask that you remove it.” Anybody with information should call us on 101, quoting log 1262 of March 4th, or report it online at doitonline.lancashire.police.uk. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 or online at crimestoppers-uk.org. 