Two of the American citizens kidnapped after a case of mistaken identity in Mexico have been found dead. A third victim is understood to have been found wounded and the fourth is unharmed according to the governor of Tamaulipas, Américo Villarreal. News comes days after the four tourists from South Carolina were abducted in Matamoros last week after travelling for cosmetic surgery. The four were traveling Friday in a white minivan with North Carolina license plates. They came under fire shortly after entering the city of Matamoros from Brownsville, at the southernmost tip of Texas near the Gulf coast, the FBI said in a statement Sunday. “All four Americans were placed in a vehicle and taken from the scene by armed men,” the FBI said. The bureau is offering a $50,000 reward for the victims' return and the arrest of the kidnappers. READ MORE: Inside Osama Bin Laden's $7.5M family mansion in Florida Zalandria Brown of Florence, South Carolina, said she has been in contact with the FBI and local officials after learning that her younger brother, Zindell Brown, is one of the four victims. “This is like a bad dream you wish you could wake up from,” she said in a phone interview. "To see a member of your family thrown in the back of a truck and dragged, it is just unbelievable.” White House press secretary Karine Jean-Pierre have responded to the violence. She said: "We're still working with Mexican officials to learn more and to have all Americans returned to the United States. President Biden has been kept updated on this incident. Senior members of the White House have also been engaged. "We extend our deepest condolences to their families and friends. For the sake of privacy and out of respect for their families, we're going to refrain from further comment about those circumstances at this time." Zalandria Brown said her brother, who lives in Myrtle Beach, and two friends had accompanied a third friend who was going to Mexico for a tummy tuck surgery. One of the travelers, Latavia “Tay” McGee, was reportedly scheduled for a tummy tuck surgery on the day of the violent kidnapping. A doctor who advertises such surgeries in Matamoros did not answer calls seeking comment. Brown said the group was extremely close and they all made the trip in part to help split up the driving duties. They were aware of the dangers in Mexico, she added, and her brother had expressed some misgivings. “Zindell kept saying, ‘We shouldn’t go down,’” Brown said. Don't miss... Wife finds husband's mummified body in 'hoarder home'  [LATEST] Footage shows Capitol guards acting as 'tour guides' for QAnon Shaman [VIDEO] Massive 15ft shark attacks two swimmers in Hawaii [INSIGHT] A video posted to social media Friday showed men with assault rifles and tan body armor loading the four people into the bed of a white pickup in broad daylight. One was alive and sitting up, but the others seemed either dead or wounded. At least one person appeared to lift his head from the pavement before being dragged to the truck. The scene illustrates the terror that has prevailed for years in Matamoros, a city dominated by factions of the powerful Gulf drug cartel who often fight among themselves. Amid the violence, thousands of Mexicans have disappeared in Tamaulipas state alone. Mexican President Andrés Manuel López Obrador said Monday that “there was a confrontation between groups, and they were detained,” without offering details. He originally said the four Americans came to Mexico to buy medications. Tamaulipas’ chief prosecutor, Irving Barrios, told reporters that a Mexican woman died in Friday’s shootings. He did not specify whether she was killed in the same gunfight where the kidnapping took place. Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews