The King may struggle to build a relationship with his two grandchildren after evicting Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from their UK home Frogmore Cottage, an insider has claimed, but suggests his recent olive branch could offer a way back in. According to reports, the Sussexes were "given weeks" to pack up their British home after Harry's memoir hit the shelves in January, sparking a bigger divide among the family. But now, King Charles is said to be thinking about offering the couple Prince Andrew's Buckingham Palace apartment to use as their UK base. An insider told Mail Online that Charles "may not have a close relationship" with Archie and Lilibet unless Harry and Meghan get a new royal home. It comes as a source told the Sunday Telegraph the couple are concerned that future visits will be "incredibly complicated if they are forced to stay outside the security perimeters of a royal estate". The couple, who moved to California three years ago, are said to be concerned over how the move will impact Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet's relationship with their grandfather. Earlier this week, journalist Omid Scobie claimed that some members of the Royal Family were "appalled" by the decision to evict Harry and Meghan, with the couple also said to have felt "stunned". An insider allegedly told him: "It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. It's like [the family] want to cut them out of the picture for good."   But a source told The Times that the couple said "if we need to move out, we will get ourselves out". Some reports have suggested that the King's decision to evict his son was due to the number of references to Camilla, Queen Consort, in his book Spare. The Duke of Sussex told how he "begged" his father not to marry Camilla after their affair was revealed. The monarch issued a notice to the Sussexes on Tuesday to vacate the five-bedroom mansion on the Windsor Estate - a move said to be backed by his wife and the Prince and Princess of Wales. READ MORE: Camilla's relationship with Charles is 'testament' to Queen's strength The monarch was said to be worried about how the move would add fuel to the fire of the ongoing row. But he reportedly believes Harry has "crossed a line" with some of the claims made in his memoir and in their Netflix series. Yesterday the Duke of Sussex sat down with controversial "toxic trauma" expert Dr Gabor Maté for a 90-minute conversation in which he spoke about grief, healing and mental health. Royal watchers said Harry was cautious not to attack members of the royal family during the conversation in which he made no mention of his brother, Kate or Camilla. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry says 'broken home' made him 'perfect candidate' for army [INSIGHT]Harry insists he's performing 'an act of service' with his interviews [COMMENT]'Meghan was not as cool' as Prince Harry in meeting with Rebel Wilson [PICTURES]  The livestream event cost £17 to watch and included a copy of his memoir Spare. The Prince discussed his drug use, his views on the war in Afghanistan and how he felt "different" from his family growing up. With Charles's Coronation taking place in May, there is speculation as to whether or not Harry and Meghan will attend with their UK residence now unavailable to them. But if they are offered the apartment, it will give the couple a chance to return to the UK with their children.