The BBC has been thrown into crisis by an exodus of its football presenters, pundits and commentators after Gary Lineker was axed from Match of the Day. Lineker’s strong criticism of the government’s Illegal Migration Bill has seen him stood down from the Premier League highlights programme. Following the announcement of the 62-year-old being deposed until a position on his social media use can be agreed, several of the BBC’s fellow football staff have stepped aside in solidarity. Lineker’s fellow Match of the Day regular Ian Wright was first to go. Wright tweeted: “Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity.” The former Arsenal striker’s intervention prompted Alan Shearer to reveal that he would join the boycott. Alex Scott and Jermaine Jenas - both tipped as future successors to Lineker - both refused to step in. Scott then announced she would not host Football Focus as planned at midday. Final Score’s Jason Mohammad then made the same stance, sensationally prompting both shows to be ditched from the day’s television schedule. Don't miss... Gary Lineker 'cried' after Match of the Day colleagues boycotted show [LATEST] Tonight’s Match of the Day will still go ahead. However, the BBC has announced that it will not feature studio presentation, punditry, or its usual army of commentators. Match of the Day’s usual name-callers announced that they too would not be taking part in Saturday’s show. The programme has access to world feed commentary and could use that for its highlights package in a remarkable show. Premier League stars will not be interviewed by the BBC this weekend, or until Lineker has been allowed to return. Players reportedly confided in the Professional Footballers’ Association that they would feel uncomfortable speaking to the broadcaster. Here is a full list of the BBC presenters, pundits and commentators who have announced that they are not taking part in any of the broadcaster’s football coverage on Saturday across both TV and radio. Don't miss... Premier League stars told Match of the Day interviews ditched [LATEST] Man City boss Guardiola speaks out after Walker filmed 'flashing' [QUOTES] Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag may need to send a thank you to Rabiot's mum [REACTION] Presenters Alex Scott Jason Mohammad Jermaine Jenas Mark Chapman Colin Murray Pundits Ian Wright Alan Shearer Dion Dublin Glenn Murray Micah Richards Leon Osman Reporters and commentators Kelly Somers Steve Wilson Colin McNamara Robyn Cowen Steven Wyeth This list will be updated.