In truth, an open door immigration policy is a recipe for social breakdown, fractured welfare, bureaucratic paralysis and endemic injustice. It is the grasping lawyers and gangs of people smugglers who flourish in a climate of institutional anarchy at our frontiers. This malignant pattern can be clearly seen in the vast expansion of illegal immigration across the Channel. Last year, the number of people arriving in Britain by this route reached a record 45,000 and this year could soar to over 80,000. But contrary to Left-wing propaganda about desperate refugees fleeing for their lives, most of the illegal Channel migrants are in fact young men with the resources to pay the gangsters. Moreover, as they prepare to make their journey, they are based, not in a war zone, but in civilized France. Even more damning, last summer it was reported that 60 per cent of them were from Albania, which is not only a European democracy but also a member of Nato. That is why Rishi Sunak’s Government is justified in making a renewed attempt to halt this illicit racket. He and Home Secretary Suella Braverman have been working for months on a new plan they hope will finally act as a deterrent. Among the key elements of this scheme, due to be launched on Tuesday, is a ban on asylum claims from anyone who arrives here by boat. In addition, the Home Secretary will be given the duty “to detain and swiftly remove” illegal migrants, either to a safe country or to the central African republic of Rwanda. At the same time, appeal pro- cesses are to be streamlined, the scope of human rights legislation narrowed and the definition of modern slavery tightened to prevent abuses. “If you come here illegally, you will not be allowed to stay,” says Sunak, explaining the central thrust of the change. That is very different from the current situation, where all asylum seekers have the right to remain in this country as they wait for their claims to be heard. But it is precisely that kind of leniency which has created the present shambles, where the backlog of asylum applications is now over 160,000 and the state is spending over £7million a day on housing claimants. Officialdom’s feebleness also causes lives to be put at risk on the busiest sea route in the world, as the gangsters’ ruthless trade goes unchecked. Understandably, this new proposal will be greeted with widespread scepticism, given that ministerial promises of “crack-downs” in recent years have been distinguished only by their non-fulfilment. “We will send you back,” warned Boris Johnson sternly in 2019, a threat that turned out to be empty. But in the wake of his triumph on the Windsor Framework, Rishi Sunak now has a real chance of success. That is partly because he has such clarity of focus and an extraordinary command of detailed policy and partly because the Northern Irish deal has created a new mood of cooperation with our European partners. Already, the Government’s opponents are bleating about the supposed harshness of the new measure, but it is only by toughness that criminality can be defeated. Eager to condemn the Tories, they have no solution themselves. It is fashionable among Left-wing campaigners to advocate the creation of “safe and legal routes” for asylum seekers, but in practice this would just be another name for an open door policy, a magnet for a floodtide of new claims by reinforcing the message that Britain is a soft touch. Indeed, official modelling has shown that over 100 million people, displaced by global disasters and conflicts, might try to settle here if such routes were established. “It would be totally crackers,” said a member of the Home Office at the weekend. Just as useless are other ideas, like the Labour Party’s suggestion for a new Cross-Border Police Unit – organisational tinkering – and a speeded-up asylum process, which could end up encouraging more claims. Similarly ill-conceived was the proposal from former Home Secretary Lord Blunkett for a new system of licensing French boats. The reality is that Labour and the Left will never get tough because, ideologically, they are attached to free movement and regard the very concept of borders with suspicion. It is up to the Prime Minister to win back the mantle of national integrity for the Tories. This week could mark the start of that mission.