Emmerdale's Laurel Thomas (played by Charlotte Bellamy) is currently embroiled in a storyline with son Arthur, as they try to protect his friend Marshall from his abusive father Colin. Reflecting on the storylines she's pitched but have been rejected, the soap star explained how writers weren't keen on her idea to see female factory workers involved in a gambling ring. Charlotte, 49, has starred as Laurel or over 20 years with her first appearance on the show being in 2002. Her character Laurel previously worked in a sweet factory and Charlotte wanted to see the workers become addicted to gambling. She explained: “The only story I’ve ever tried to pitch to the writers was years ago, when we were all working in the factory. “I pitched a story about a group of women becoming addicted to gambling, which is actually really common." READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap She continued to Inside Soap: “I thought as a collective of women desperate to make a living that would be quite interesting." Although the idea was ultimately rejected by the writers, Charlotte didn’t seem fazed, admitting sometimes even good ideas don’t make the cut. Charlotte explained: “It never got through, but as actors we don’t see the bigger picture, and what other stories are going on. It’s all about timing." Most recently, fans have seen Laurel welcome Marshall into her home after learning Colin was physically abusing him. Praising her character’s kindness, Charlotte said: “I really admire Laurel’s kindness - that’s a lovely trait in anyone isn’t it? “That’s something that everyone aspires to be. Though I suppose sometimes she can be too forgiving. And sometimes she puts everyone else before herself. But that’s every mother isn’t it?” The actress said like Laurel she is "pretty accepting" and "not too judgemental". She continued: "I’m not saying I’m perfect but I try to accept people for who they are and not be too opinionated.” Don't miss... Emmerdale's Amy and Matty let down after reaction to engagement  [LATEST] Emmerdale exit for beloved duo as Cathy spirals out of control  [SPOILER] Emmerdale fears for Sam as fans 'work out' real health diagnosis [THEORY] Laurel’s kindness will be put to the test in Monday night's episode of Emmerdale, as the Marshall Hamston storyline continues to unfold. Marshall’s relief at being taken in by Laurel and her partner, Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson), is short lived as he attempts to get back into school. He discovers that his old school, Hotten Academy, won’t have him back without his father’s consent. In an unusual turn of events, his father Colin does agree for Marshall to return to Hotten Academy, although Laurel believes this is only in an attempt to keep the abuse quiet. Things continue to unravel, as Jai reveals he has reservations on taking Marshall into their home. Despite Laurel’s good intentions, Jai is worried about the financial and practical cost of continuing to house Marshall. While Jai opens up to Laurel about these fears, a devastated Marshall overhears their conversation, leaving him feeling betrayed by the couple. Emmerdale has confirmed Colin will return to try and manipulate Marshall into returning home later this week. Emmerdale is on weeknights at 7.30pm, ITV1 or streaming on ITVX