Authorities have revealed Bryan Kohberger was wearing "latest gloves" the moment he was arrested in connection with the murders of four University of Idaho students. Police seized multiple weapons including guns, knives and ammunition at his family's Pennsylvania home where he was detained by cops in connection with the killings of Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20, in their off-campus home on November 13, 2022. Officers swarmed his family home at around 1:30am on December 30, where Kohberger was found awake in his family kitchen, according to Monroe County First Assistant District Attorney Michael Mancuso. Mancuso told BRCTV13 that he was found "awake in the kitchen area dressed in shorts and a shirt, wearing latex medical type gloves and apparently was taking his personal trash and putting it into a separate zip lock baggies". He said his behaviour was indicative of his mental state at the time in the weeks following the murders. "It could very explain some of the other aspects of the case from Idaho, some of the lengths that a person would go to to avoid having their DNA left behind when they know or should've known that there was an investigation underway," the police official added. The Monroe County District Attorney's office shared the details of his arrest after a search warrant was released last week, which revealed the items that were recovered by Pennsylvania police from his parent's house. Several knives, a handgun with ammunition and a black mask were all found in the home.  READ MORE: Bryan Kohberger’s ‘lover’ used to be ‘obsessed’ with another killer A shovel was also found inside his white Hyundai Elantra car, which was spotted near the students house several times before their deaths. Ziplock bags, hiking boots and a wrench were among the items seized from the vehicle. Police linked Kohbeger to the murders after matching his DNA to a knife sheath that had been left at the student's home. Officers also seized a black mask from his home similar to the mask described by the surviving roommate who saw the murderer leave the scene on the night of the murders.  Don't miss... Stalker made vile fake porn of woman and bombarded her with messages [LATEST] Callous thieves steal soldier's 'irreplaceable' collection of medals [COMMENT] Ghoul arrested for refusing to leave scene of triple fatal crash [VIDEO] It was also revealed last month that Kohberger had pictures on his phone of one of the students he is accused of killing, more than a month and a half before the grisly night. The pictures suggest that the Pennsylvania man had been "paying attention" to one of the young women, a source connected to the case said, though the identity of the female student hasn't been revealed. “It was clear that he was paying attention to her,” the source told People.  Kohberger, who is yet to enter a plea, is due back in court in June. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews