Damon Hill has called out Toto Wolff and Lewis Hamilton’s demands for Mercedes to go back to the drawing board due to a simple FIA rule. The former world champion explained it would be difficult to ditch their current concept for a new model due to the strict budget cap. Teams must follow a strict £114million ($135m) cost cap in 2023 with any breaches set to be punished. It means the Silver Arrows could struggle to draw up and test out a new plan while staying within the spending limits. He told Sky Sports News: “With the cost cap involved in from one now they can’t just go back to the factory and spend a lot of money and redesign a car because that will also imply they have to abandon what they think they know and go and follow others who have gone in a different direction and they don’t have any information on all of that, they don’t have the wind tunnel knowledge. “So bit of a problem now for Mercedes, they might have to just plug on with what they’ve got and prove everyone wrong with their design.” It comes after Mercedes’ new W14 struggled at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton 'applying pressure' on Mercedes as time 'running out' Hamilton languished back in P5 with the squad likely the fourth-fastest car on the grid behind Red Bull, Ferrari and Aston Martin. After qualifying, team boss Wolff tasked his team to come up with a new model after admitting they had gone in the wrong direction. Wolff has since revealed that a new blueprint had already been tested in the wind tunnel after bosses dug into the data. Hamilton has also called out Silver Arrows chiefs for not listening to him last session. The seven-time champion even called on his mechanics to “own up” and admit the model was bad despite Mercedes having a no-blame culture in place. However, Hill has also pointed fingers at the German manufacturer's direction which was a lot different to their rivals. DON'T MISSHamilton tipped to quit Mercedes as answer given on Alonso link up [INSIGHT]Toto Wolff accused of 'kicking' Mercedes engineers 'in the whatnots' [COMMENT]Russell adds to sombre Mercedes mood with new reality for Hamilton [ANALYSIS] He added: “The thing is they came out with this very different looking car to everyone else’s last year. And the question was ‘well, that’s different, why is everyone else going a different way to them?’ Then throughout the year they persisted with the car that was porpoising and bouncing up and down aerodynamically, and they had terrible trouble trying to fix it. “They even got the regulations changed a little bit on safety grounds so that the cars were raised up another one and a half centimetres, and that hasn’t helped them it appears. “So maybe there’s fundamentally something wrong with the direction they’ve gone in and if that’s the case, then they’ve got a real problem.”