Earlier this year, millions of heartbroken fans took to social media after CBS confirmed NCIS Los Angeles would end with season 14. As they await the upcoming episode, Devin Rountree star Caleb Castille shared a major filming update and gave a glimpse of his final day on set. Caleb took to his Instagram Story as he prepared to portray Rountree for the series finale. In the first post, as he was in the dressing room getting his hair done, Caleb remarked: “The last cut, man. This is it. The last one. Let’s get it.” He then panned the camera to his co-star Medalion Rahimi, who pretended to cry as she sat beside him. In a separate post, Caleb shared a snap of his feet behind a mark during filming, captioned: “Last mark.” In his final video, the 32-year-old was holding up the material from the back of his seat which read his character’s name: “Rountree”. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark  Speaking to the camera, Caleb added: “Aye! It’s been a pleasure, man. Season 14, the last season, the last day. We wrapped, we did it. “Thank you guys for tuning in, much love! Alright y’all. Man! We did it, what a feeling! Stage Nine! Man, it’s crazy.” The actor then took to Twitter to share his appreciation with fans, and thank the cast and the crew. He wrote: “Official last day shooting @NCISLA and I can’t believe how quickly time has passed.    “I can truly say that I soaked up every minute. “Can’t thank my cast, crew, and @CBSTVStudios enough for loving on me and believing in me. Most of all thank you fans for tuning in every Sunday!” As a result, fans rushed to the comments to express gratitude and share their sadness about NCIS LA coming to an end. DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [INSIGHT]NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah leaves fans in tears with Kensi farewell [REACTION]NCIS' Nick Torres star pays touching tribute to Mark Harmon [INSIGHT]  This included @AshleyKauhn who tweeted: “I'm so sad! I enjoyed your character so much!” An emotional @elliqks added: “Still so so sad that it’s ending :(( thank you all for bringing us amazing episodes each week.” @blyedccks praised: “Caleb you've been so amazing as Rountree and were an incredible addition to the NCIS LA family!” While @onechicago15 remarked: “Don't make me cry again.” Although the reason for the show’s cancellation has yet to be revealed, executive producer and showrunner R Scott Gemmill stated: “Our crew has grown to be a true family, and their hard work and dedication has been fundamental to our success year after year. “My deepest gratitude to the cast members, who have brought our characters to life with their impassioned performances – thank you for your talent, professionalism and continuous enthusiasm. “And to our loyal viewers who loved our characters and followed their journeys, thank you. “We look forward to delivering an end to the series that is both satisfying and does justice to these beloved characters.”  NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA and on Sky Max in the UK. 