There are various ways that poor oral health causes cancer, but a major reason is it increases susceptibility to viruses that are associated with certain types of malignancy. One such virus is papillomavirus, responsible for a great number of cancers that grow in the throat and mouth. Fortunately, various bodies of research have highlighted which toothbrushing habits could substantially increase the odds of malignant infection. Papilloma-virus, also known as HPV virus, is an infection imitatively linked to poor oral health that affects the throat, mouth, feet, fingers, nails, anus and cervix. The virus tends to be contracted through sexual contact and infects any part of the skin that has a mucus membrane. When the infection occurs in the oral cavity, it triggers changes in the mouth that can become cancerous over time. In fact, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) states that HPV is believed to cause a staggering 70 percent of oropharyngeal cancers. READ MORE: Six signs in your mouth you could be at risk of heart disease “Flossing teeth should be done daily too,” adds WebMD. “If you aren’t sure if your floss properly […] ask your dentist or your hygienist for a demonstration on your next visit.” A 2015 report published in the Oral Surgery, Oral Medical, Oral Pathology and Oral Radiology journal identified two other measures of oral hygiene linked to a higher prevalence of the infection. According to the data, a higher prevalence of HPV infection was associated with a low frequency of toothbrushing per day and gargling without using a toothbrush. In 2014, the journal of Sexually Transmitted Diseases reported several other ways in which the HPV virus could be passed on. READ MORE: New research says people can reduce their cancer risk within minutes The study of more than 1,000 women with oral HPV, found that the transmission of infections was associated with sharing of toothbrushes and lipsticks. The researchers concluded their study with the remark: “These data provide additional evidence of transmission of oral HPV from oral sexual activity and also suggest possible transmission from self-inoculation or sharing of oral products.” Not only does toothbrush sharing increase the odds of HPV, but individuals may also contract other bacterial infections that may prove destructive to the oral tissue. Other bacteria may grow around the gums that can be breathed into the lungs and pave the way for problems affecting the respiratory system. Alternatively, bacteria in the mouth may reach levels that cause other types of infections like gum disease or tooth decay. Bacteria that infect the gums and cause gingivitis and periodontitis have also been known to travel to blood vessels and spur inflammation, which can lead to blood clots. The association between the HPV virus and cancer was identified in early research published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. The research found that infection with certain strains of oral HPV is responsible for one-third of cancers in the back of the throat. The HPV virus contains 200 different subtypes, but fewer than 10 of these are linked to cancer, with HV16 strongly linked to oropharyngeal cancer.