Former child star Ke Huy Quan was best known for his performances in Indiana Jones and The Goonies before struggling to find work in Hollywood. He returned to the big screen in last year’s eccentric action-drama Everything Everywhere All At Once, and delivered an emotional speech after his performance nabbed him the trophy for Best Supporting Actor. A tearful Quan was ecstatic as he gave his speech at the Dolby Theatre for the 95th Academy Awards. Presenter and Oscar-winner Ariana DeBose also broke out in tears as she confirmed the star had triumphed over the likes of Brendan Gleeson and Judd Hirsch. “My journey started on a boat,” the Everything Everywhere star began. “I spent a year in a refugee camp. And somehow I ended up here on Hollywood’s biggest stage.” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers “They say stories like this only happen in the movies. I can’t believe this is happening to me. This is the American dream!” Quan’s Hollywood career first began by playing Indy’s sidekick Short Round in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. He then went on to star in The Goonies and Encino Man, before struggling to find work as an Asian actor in Hollywood. Directors Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert gave him his comeback with their 2022 action-comedy, in which he portrays goofy family man and multiversal hero Waymond Wang. At the ceremony, he continued: “I owe everything to the love of my life, Echo. “Who, month after month, year after year for 20 years told me that one day my time will come. “Dreams are something you have to believe in. I almost gave up on mine. To all of you out there, please keep your dreams alive.” Quan choked up in several moments during his speech, and there were plenty of tears shed in the audience as well. Don't miss... Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [COMMENT] You boss admits she’s ‘still debating’ Netflix series’ ending [INTERVIEW] NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey’s announcement sparks frenzy [LATEST] His win received one of the biggest cheers of the night as he rose from his seat to pick up the overdue accolade. The performance has landed Quan several trophies during this year’s awards season, including at the recent Screen Actors Guild Awards. He was similarly tearful at the SAG Awards, as he said: “This is a really emotional moment for me. “I recently was told that if I were to win tonight, I would become the very first Asian actor to win in this category.” “When I heard this, I quickly realised that this moment no longer belongs to just me, it also belongs to everyone who has asked for change.” Also picking up an Oscar this year was Quan’s Everything Everywhere co-star Jamie Lee Curtis for Best Supporting Actress. The film was also nominated for Best Picture, while its filmmaking pair, collectively known as the Daniels, are up for Best Director. The 95th Academy Awards are available to stream on NOW and Sky Go.