Law enforcement officials seized 63 items from accused Idaho murderer Bryan Kohberger's family home in Pennsylvania. The unsealed warrant gives way to even more damning evidence against the Washington student as the full list includes multiple knives, a handgun with ammunition and a shovel. Madison Mogen, Kaylee Goncalves, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin were found stabbed to death on November 13, 2022 at a rental home across the street from the University of Idaho campus. Kohberger, a 28-year-old former doctoral student at Washington State University, is charged with four counts of first-degree murder and burglary in connection with the stabbing deaths in Moscow, Idaho. The slayings shocked the rural Idaho community and neighboring Pullman, Washington, where Kohberger was a graduate student studying criminology at Washington State University. Pennsylvania State Police seized three knives from Kohberger's parents' property, including one in another sheath. Moscow police found a sheath for a "Ka-Bar" style knife at the crime scene. READ MORE: Dad-of-5 mysteriously disappears after night out with client  It is now clear what type of knives the police have since found. A shovel from Kohberger's white Hyundai Elantra along with multiple ZipLock bags were also recovered. They also took a silver flashlight, four “medical-style gloves,” a white Arizona Jean Co. T-shirt, a black Champion sweatshirt, a pair of black-and-white size 13 Nike shoes, black Under Armour socks, black Under Armour shorts and black Under Armour boxers, according to an inventory of the items. It comes as Idaho school officials announced the house where the four students were stabbed to death will be demolished. The owner of the home in Moscow offered to give it to the university and the school accepted, University President Scott Green said in a memo to students and employees. “This is a healing step and removes the physical structure where the crime that shook our community was committed,” Green wrote. No timeline has set for the demolition, but university spokesperson Jodi Walker told the Idaho Statesman that the goal is to have the house knocked down by the end of the semester. DON'T MISS Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave after causing chaos [INSIGHT]US Navy 'coasting' as China set to storm ahead to around 400 ships [ANALYSIS]'Brain-eating' amoeba kills man who rinsed nose with tap water [VIDEO] “We’re just working through the processes that it takes to do such a thing,” Walker said. “But from the university standpoint, and in talking with the families, the sooner, the better.” Walker also said the university is working with students and other community members to create a plan for the property’s future development that would honor the slain students. Green also announced Friday that planning has started on a memorial for the four students. The memorial will be the focus of a garden in a location to be determined on campus grounds. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews