A mum has spoken of the terrifying moment she went to pick her daughter up for school and found her turning blue. Four-year-old Jasmine Crooks seemed fine when she woke up in the early hours of the morning to go to the toilet, but by 7.30am she was severely unwell and needed emergency medical treatment.  Emergency services, including the air ambulance, rushed to her home and they carried out life-saving procedures which prevented her from having long-term physical disabilities and mental impairment. Her mum Niky said: “Jasmine had got up at 5am like she normally does to go to the toilet and then she went back to bed. “I went to get her up for the day at 7.30am and there was no response when I turned the light on. “I walked over to Jasmine’s bed and I saw she was blue and going darker before my eyes. I started doing CPR and shouted for [my husband] Ryan who called 999. “The land ambulance arrived within minutes and immediately took over and soon after the police arrived. “The air ambulance was with us within 20 minutes of making the call. “The air ambulance crew arrived with these enormous bags, which is basically a hospital that they carry on their backs. They worked on her so quickly. “Jasmine was lifeless and unresponsive still. They intubated her immediately. “They had to get medicine into her quickly, so they drilled into her leg bones to get the medicine into her. “I just watched them do it and she did not even flinch. Jasmine was then airlifted to Bristol Hospital.”  Gloucestershire Live reports that Jasmine was put in an induced coma for three days to allow her body time to recover. Her parents knew that when she woke up she could be left with permanent brain damage due to the lack of oxygen to the brain. Mrs Crooks said: “When Jasmine came round from the induced coma, we did not know if we would have the same little girl. “It was because of the fantastic effort from the emergency services and the Great Western Air Ambulance Charity arriving with their hospital on their back, Jasmine was not brain damaged. “For us as a family, this happening to Jasmine just came from nowhere.” READ MORE: Putin infiltrating NATO with 'leverage' over Turkey   Tests were carried out and Jasmine was diagnosed with a condition called rapid-onset obesity with hypothalamic dysregulation, hypoventilation, and autonomic dysregulation (ROHHAD). It is a rare, serious syndrome that affects the autonomic nervous system (which controls involuntary actions like breathing and your heartbeat) and the endocrine system. Jasmine, who is now eight years old, now sleeps with the aid of a machine which stops her from not breathing.  Mrs Crooks, from near Cheltenham in Gloucestershire, said: “We were told there are less than 100 children who have survived ROHHAD in the world, and there is no reason for it or treatment. “It starts with a lot of weight gain. You could hardly believe the photographs. Jasmine would still put on a couple of kilos even if she ate nothing but salads. “Now she is up at 6am every day and does 5K on the treadmill every morning.”    Don't miss... US deals massive blow to China as Xi plots 'ramp up military' [ANALYSIS] POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [OPINION] Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [WATCH] Mrs Crooks says that after what happened four years ago, she now looks to each day with appreciation and cherishes every moment with her family. The 48-year-old said: “I think about how quickly things could have changed that day. I have always been a positive person, but now I do not let things bother me. “I look at life freshly and value every moment. “Jasmine was lucky to have the amazing ambulance crews working on her. It shows just how amazing our health care service and the Great Western Air Ambulance Charity really is. "Jasmine knows she was a very poorly little girl. It has not stopped her from being the most wonderful little girl who is always smiling and happy." Mrs Crooks has filmed a video about what happened to Jasmine, who is now eight years old, to raise awareness of the Great Western Air Ambulance Charity. The video has also been entered into a Smiley Awards competition. The Smiley Charity Film Awards were created to celebrate the success of film in fundraising, to increase exposure of charity films, and to encourage donations for good causes. 