Andrés Manuel López Obrador hit out at Washington after US lawmakers proposed to have the army deployed to crack down on drug cartels. López Obrador branded the proposal an "offence to the people of Mexico" as he dismissed suggestions that Mexican cartels are behind the flow of fentanyl into the US. But US intelligence and the Mexican Government itself have shown that dangerous drug is trafficked by local drug cartels. López Obrador blasted Republican lawmakers suggesting the US should send the military to Mexico to clamp down on cartels. Addressing the press on Thursday, the Mexican leader said: "We are not going to permit any foreign government to intervene in our territory, much less that a government's armed forces intervene. He added: "Here, we do not produce fentanyl, and we do not have consumption of fentanyl. "Why don’t they take care of their problem of social decay?" JUST IN: Joe Rogan opens anti-cancel culture comedy club: ‘You can’t fire me from my own club’ López Obrador also threatened to issue a warning to Mexicans not to back Republican candidates in US elections "because they are inhuman and interventionists." Senator Lindsay Graham was the first this week to propose military action after four Americans were kidnapped in Matamoros – a Mexican city just past the border teeming with competing cartels. Two members of the group, Shaeed Woodard and Zindell Brown, were found dead while friends Latavia McGee and Eric James Williams were rescued four days after their abduction. Sen Graham said: "I would put Mexico on notice. READ MORE: 'Don't convict people because they're b****es' Lawyer silences court with odd defence "If you continue to give safe haven to drug dealers, then you are an enemy of the United States. "I’m going to introduce legislation to make certain Mexican drug cartels [are] foreign terrorist organizations under US law and set the stage to use military force if necessary to protect America from being poisoned by things coming out of Mexico." Texas Rep. Dan Crenshaw echoed his colleague, saying drugs flowing in from Mexico were "poisoning" Americans. Crenshaw said: "This is a problem of mass poisoning of the citizens of the United States and the cartels are directly responsible.   DON'T MISS Mexico holiday warning after US tourists kidnapped - latest advice [ADVICE] Alec Baldwin's gun from Rust set shooting destroyed by New Mexico [LATEST] Inside chilling hut where two kidnapped Americans were found dead [INSIGHT] "My questions to you are the following: Why do you reject aid from the United States? "Why do you protect the cartels? They are your enemy and the United States is your friend." The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) said in the December intelligence showed that "most of the fentanyl trafficked by the Sinaloa and CJNG Cartles is being mass-produced at secret factories in Mexico with chemicals sourced largely from China." A third of drug overdose deaths recorded in 2021 involved fentanyl, a synthetic opioid 50 times stronger than heroin. The DEA seized double the amount of fentanyl-laced counterfeit pills in 2022 than they did in 2021. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews