A female version of the “George and the Dragon” statue has been unveiled ahead of International Women's Day – inspiring a new generation of girls that they can do anything. The “Georgina and the Dragon” model shows a powerful young girl rearing on a BMX bike as she triumphantly slays the dragon, which symbolises several stereotypes females still face today. Designed in collaboration with Girlguiding Advocates, the statue was revealed in St John’s Wood beside a traditional male version, as a mark of women’s empowerment. The dragon is decorated in a collection of outdated beliefs and phrases that were shared by girls and young women. And “Georgina” uses a rucksack as a shield, which is covered in badges that young women have gained across their individual Girlguiding journeys – such as “Speaking Out”, “Inventing”, “Construction”, “Navigator”, and “Entrepreneur”. The newly designed “Girls Can Do Anything” badge is the latest one to be added to the collection – empowering girls to think big and be bold in a space where they can be themselves, get creative, explore and have fun. The charity also commissioned research to reveal the most common stereotypes women and girls still battle with in their everyday lives – despite coming a long way when it comes to equality and non-prejudice. Half of the 450 girls polled, aged 10-17, think their gender is more likely to experience negative stereotypes compared to their counterparts. Girlguiding chief executive, Angela Salt, said: “Girlguiding was founded over 100 years ago because girls wanted the same rights and opportunities as boys. “Regrettably, the battle for equality is still very real as girls face an unprecedented number of pressures in all aspects of their lives – with sexism and stereotypes creating barriers to accessing the things that they need to be happy. “Our organisation helps empower girls so they know they can do anything, and we help them to confront the things that hold them back. “This International Women’s Day, we’re excited to share our refreshed brand with the world.” It also emerged 45 percent think females are referred to as more “emotional” and “delicate” than males. And the beliefs that there are certain toys for specific genders (35 percent), science is a subject more for boys (31 percent), and the presumption women are in charge of the household jobs (39 percent), were also among the stereotypes they feel they still face. Hearing these views leaves 45 percent feeling annoyed, while a third are left angry, according to the OnePoll.com study. Exactly two-thirds believe more needs to be done to break down these old-fashioned views – with 27 percent admitting it has previously stopped them from doing something they wanted to do. Girlguiding advocate, Lucy, 15, said: “Gender stereotypes add unnecessary barriers to girls and young women. “They reinforce pre-existing misogyny and sexism in everyday life – in schools, in public, and in jobs. “Being a member has really helped my confidence, and being an advocate means I can inspire other girls to explore new interests and activities that not everyone considers to be “for girls”. “It’s really exciting to have a permanent statue to remind us that we are courageous and strong, and can do anything.” The “Georgina and The Dragon” statue, which marks a significant time in the organisation's 113-year history, is available to view from International Women’s Day (March 8th) at Girlguiding HQ in Victoria, London.