On Friday, March 3 the islanders took part in the challenge, A Couple of Sorts, where they had to rank one another in multiple different categories. For Ron Hall and Lana Jenkins, they were left unhappy with what the public thought about their relationship, especially when it came to thinking Ron was playing the game. In a first look at tonight's Love Island episode, Ron is seen confronting fellow islander Samie Elishi after she made comments to the rest of the villa about his intentions. Sitting around the mini fire-pit after the challenge on Sunday night, Ron said to Samie, Tom Claire, Kai Fagan and Sanam Harrinanan how he was annoyed about the playing a game category. He explained when he used to watch as a viewer, he noticed the strongest couple had their drama in the beginning and then cruised comfortably through the middle and end. Ron compared his and Lana's relationship to a similar kind of relationship in the past, which led Samie to believe he had "exposed" his game plan after saying he didn't have one. The next day, Samie sat down with Lana to explain what she had heard but Lana was adamant she had taken the comments out of context and blown it out of proportion. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' Standing by her boyfriend, Lana pulled him to the side to explain what Samie had explained to her about the comments. Ron immediately became angry and told Lana he was going to "go off" but wanted to approach the conversation calmly. In a first-look clip for tonight's episode, it seems Ron's calm state of mind goes out of the window as he and Samie come to blows. Tonight, Ron sits down with Samie and fumes he thinks it is "pathetic" people think he is fake and playing a game. Ron tells Samie: "You can't be seeding my girlfriend's head that I am playing some sort of game." Visibly angry Samie bluntly responds: "But Ron you said it!" Ron asks: "But why are you running with it?" to which Samie retorts: "I'm not running with it. "All I am saying is that that is what you said and it can be perceived as weird. And everyone has an opinion in here on it. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [LATEST] Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection [WATCH] James Jordan warns 'best skater' may not win Dancing On Ice  [INSIGHT] "I accept that is not how you meant it and I understand that now we've had a conversation. I do accept that and that's fine." Still angry about what had gone on, Ron said: "If I get a whiff that anyone is talking about this as me being a game player in here. "If they have enough of an opinion then they should say it and if they don't I think it's ratty behaviour. It's pathetic!" Viewers of the show took to their Twitter to defend Ron and explained they felt like the other islanders were trying to sabotage their relationship to get ahead on their own. Shaunagh fumed: "I honestly think that the whole villa thinks that Lana and Ron are going to win so they're trying to sabotage it by spreading him being a game player. Isn't it funny how all this b****ing is happening now they all know it's coming to an end. They're all desperate to win." @mickyw2006 commented: "Biggest game players in there Sammie and Tom / Shaq and Tanya….Trying to bring Ron down because they get a hint the public don't buy him and Lana." @Tiatia2000 added: "First Jessie was accused of playing a game now it's Ron's turn, why aren't these couples just focused on each other and furthering their love." @Belothie defended: "The Ron 'game-playing' thing doesn't even make sense. Ron said as a viewer he thought people who had early drama then coasted are the game players, if that's the case then why would it be HIS gameplay which is exactly what is happening with Lana??" (sic) Love Island airs every day from 9pm on ITV.