A man who stabbed his own mother to death has been jailed for 19 years. Jamie Dempsey, 32, was cleared of murder but found guilty of manslaughter after his mother, Karen was fatally stabbed in the chest during a brawl outside a pub in Kirkby, Merseyside. During the trial, the court heard that the mother and son were due to meet in the pub for a drink but Dempsey was concerned about seeing a man he had previously had "unpleasantness with", Liverpool Echo reports. The jury heard that the man, named Brian Flynn, was cross with him because he had run up an unpaid drug debt of some £2,000. The two got into a fight that night after My Flynn threw a glass at Dempsey's head. Dempsey left the pub but the two continued to brawl outside with Dempsey holding a knife in his hand. Dempsey repeatedly stabbed My Flynn before another man and Ms Dempsey intervened. The court heard that the weapon "made contact" with her chest, piercing her heart and liver, and leaving blood pouring down her dress. Dempsey hugged his mum before leaving the area where she was later found. Ms Dempsey was rushed to hospital but pronounced dead a short while later. Reading a victim personal impact written by Ms Dempseu's partner said a "huge void" had been left in his life. It said: "The pain is unbearable and to see the same pain in the eyes of Karen’s family and close friends is too much to bear. "Her zest for life was contagious, she made people smile with her optimistic spirit and always seeing the good in people. "I feel like a ship lost at sea with no direction. Karen was the wind that blew me along and motivated me every single day. "The perception and joy I had for life has decreased. The plans Karen and I had for the future have gone." READ MORE: Heartbroken sister of car crash victim 'disappointed' by police Ms Dempsey's sister said the outpouring of grief from the community had been a "testament to how much Karen touched people's lives". "I am stopped almost every day by people that are visibly upset, who are showing their condolences and trying to comprehend what happened and how Karen is no longer with us," she added. Don't miss... London airports thrown into snow chaos with flights held at Heathrow [DON'T MISS] All passengers evacuated as smoke rises from Northern Line train [DON'T MISS] US expat explains what the UK does better than the USA [DON'T MISS] Jamie Dempsey was handed a 19-year sentence. Judge Watson KC told the defendant he would likely serve two-thirds of this sentence. Dempsey was also given a four-year sentence for unlawful wounding and three years or possession of a bladed article which would be served concurrently.