Most Sky Q, Sky Glass and Stream users will be well aware of the clever voice search on their remote. Now this nifty function is getting an upgrade. Sky has added a completely free voice control update to your channel changer in honour of its hit series The Last of Us. That means TV lovers are in for a treat with the most iconic lines from the post-apocalyptic masterpiece added to the voice search function ahead of its season finale. By using voice search on Sky Glass, Sky Stream or Sky Q, you will be able to jump back into any episode by repeating some of the spiciest quotes from the show. Simply recite the lines straight into your remote, or if you are a Sky Glass user, go hands-free by saying “Hello,Sky” before repeating the lines. To jump back into the action at any moment, you must say the following quotes: ● Endure and survive ● When you’re lost in the darkness, look for the light ● Save who you can save ● I'm going to love you for a long, long time ● No pun intended ● I got you, Baby Girl READ MORE: Best Sky deals: Get FREE TV with Sky Glass, price cuts on Sky Broadband, Sky Q, Sky Stream But the fun doesn’t end there. If you play PS5, you can jump from the game straight into the latest episode using the recently upgraded Sky Go PS5 app. ‘The Last Of Us’, an adaptation of the classic PlayStation game, has taken the UK by storm since its release, fast becoming one of the most talked about shows in the nation. It achieved over 3 million Sky UK viewers and has been tipped to pick up at least three Emmys. It follows Ellie, played by Bella Ramsey, a young girl born into a zombie-infested post-apocalyptic world with an immunity to the fungal infection which has turned the majority of the population cordyceps-riddled monsters. Joel, played by Pedro Pascal, is a smuggler who joins Ellie on a quest to search for the Fireflies, an enigmatic group of renegades who say they can manufacture a cure – but require Ellie as their crucial ingredient. The series is just one of more than 200 Sky Originals series you can watch with Sky Q, which comes with Netflix and lets you watch unlimited shows on the streaming service from any device without paying the usual £6.99 fee. With a Sky Stream subscription, you can access both Sky TV and Netflix from as little as £1 per day. This will also give you access to more 150 channels and 100,000 hours of aggregated content. Or watch the smash hit series on Sky Glass, the only TV that comes with Sky built-in, meaning you don’t even need a satellite dish, areal or box to watch hundreds of shows and movies from the comfort of your own home. Want to know more about Sky's devices? • Read our Sky Q review • Read our Sky Glass review • Read our Sky Stream review