State pension payments are relied upon by millions, many of whom have the sum as a primary source of income. Changes are set to kick in next month, and it will be important for Britons to understand how these may affect them. The first key change for Britons to make note of is the return of the state pension triple lock. The mechanism was temporarily suspended last year, due to warped earnings data as a result of COVID-19, meaning the Government deemed a predicted eight percent rise as unaffordable. However, this was only intended to be temporary, and the triple lock will return from April 2023 onwards. Pensioners can expect a 10.1 percent rise in line with September 2022’s CPI inflation figure. The triple lock ensures the state pension rises each year by whichever is the highest of 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. READ MORE: Pensioners with arthritis or joint pain could get up to £407 The second change, as a result of the triple lock’s return, is the rise of the new state pension. The full new state pension is currently worth £185.15 per week, but this will rise to £203.85. People are eligible if they are a woman born on or after April 6, 1953 or a man born on or after April 6, 1951. To get any new state pension, Britons typically need 10 qualifying years of contributions, rising to 35 for those who want to secure the full sum. Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. DON'T MISS:Six tips to help you avoid or reduce an inheritance tax bill [LATEST]Pensioners warned many are ‘in the dark’ about £3,500 income boost [INSIGHT]Pensioners set to ‘suffer most’ as energy price cap set at £3,280 [EXPLAINED]  Another change to make note of is an increase to the basic state pension - the older scheme. The full old state pension will rise from £141.85 to £156.20 per week for eligible people. It is available to those who retired before April 6, 2016, the Government has confirmed. For the full basic state pension, individuals usually require some 30 qualifying years of contributions. READ MORE: Santander announces savings interest rate increases The fourth change relates to the Married Woman’s Pension - a type of the basic state pension. Under the old scheme, women could derive payments from their spouse or civil partner’s National Insurance contributions. The sum is worth 60 percent of the basic state pension rate, and the DWP has confirmed this will rise from £85.00 to £93.60 per week. In addition, another change relates to the over 80s state pension. Individuals cannot get the over 80 pension if they reached state pension age on or after April 6, 2016, but for older people, this could be particularly useful. Eligibility is not based on the National Insurance contributions one has made. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Over 80 state pension is intended for those who receive a basic state pension of, currently, less than £85.00 a week, or nothing at all. The rate is set to rise from £85 per week to £93.60 a week in the forthcoming tax year. The final important change to kick in next month relates to the Additional state pension. There is currently no fixed amount for this sum, and what a person gets is usually dependent on how long they paid National Insurance for, their earnings, and whether or not they were contracted out. However, the maximum sum people can receive is set to change from April 2023. It will increase from £185.90 to £204.68 per week for eligible individuals.