Alejandro Garnacho's impressive first full season as a Manchester United senior player has been rewarded with his inaugural call-up to the Argentina squad. It comes after the teenage prodigy was reportedly considering an international U-turn after missing out on a World Cup spot. It's been a week to remember for Garnacho, who lifted the first trophy of his senior career in the Carabao Cup at Wembley last Sunday. On Wednesday, he was a stand-out performer as United edged past West Ham United to progress into the FA Cup quarter-finals. Garnacho won the game for Erik ten Hag's side, netting his first Old Trafford goal with a superb 90th-minute bending strike to send the Stretford End into a frenzy. And on Friday afternoon, Argentina confirmed he had been selected in Lionel Scaloni's squad for the first time after narrowly missing out on the travelling party for the winter World Cup in Qatar. After Scaloni excluded him from his ultimately triumphant squad, reports claimed Garnacho threatened to switch international allegiances to Spain. JUST IN: Pep Guardiola names Man City successor and addresses Haaland to Real In February, the Mirror reported Garnacho was left 'disappointed' that Scaloni selected Thiago Almada ahead of him amid an eye-catching campaign at Old Trafford. And as a result, it was claimed the Madrid-born winger had started discussions with Spain about representing his homeland instead. Garnacho made three appearances for Spain's U18s before deciding the join Argentina's U20s. He was then invited to train with Scaloni's senior squad last year, but didn't make his debut, meaning he is still eligible to switch back to Spain. DON'T MISSWorld's 10 most followed footballers on social mediaMan Utd takeover meetings finally set as 'bidders learn deadline'US political figure 'involved' in Leeds takeover bid But the 18-year-old's reported threats seemed to have worked a charm, and he could make his Argentina bow in friendlies against Panama and Curacao. Garnacho has transitioned into first-team football impeccably and has registered four goals and five assists as a permanent member of Ten Hag's squad this season. He has often been utilised as an impact substitute, making an impact in big moments like his winner against Fulham and assisting Marcus Rashford's winner against Manchester City. And he is reportedly on the verge of agreeing a new long-term contract in M16 as his stock continues to rise. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here