Helmut Marko has claimed Toto Wolff is talking “nonsense” after the Mercedes boss suggested Red Bull had been driving slowly on purpose. Red Bull lit up the timesheets in testing last weekend but appeared on the backfoot through the first three practice sessions at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Aston Martin topped the leaderboard on Saturday morning while Mercedes also appeared back in the fight in Q1. However, Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez took a massive step forward in Q2 and remained unchallenged for the rest of the afternoon. The pace advantage allowed Verstappen to secure his 21st career pole position and give the reigning champions the perfect start to the new campaign. Speaking after the session, Wolff assumed Red Bull had “cruised around” in a bid to not show off the car's true pace. The Austrian told Sky Deutschland: “Yes, they played. Red Bull cruised around a bit so that they didn’t attract attention. I can remember what that was like. READ MORE: Max Verstappen reacts to beating Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton “But in the end they squeezed out one more time.” However, the allegations were denied by Marko who stressed both Verstappen and Perez were pushing from the start of Q1. Instead, the 79-year-old put the team's extra advantage from the second session down to new rubber. The Red Bull chief responded: “That’s nonsense, both drove at the limit. But we still had a second set of tyres, that’s another two-tenths.” In an ominous warning to their rivals, both Red Bull drivers feel their car could be even stronger in Sunday’s race. Verstappen even accepted he was “surprised” to be at the front as he revealed the team’s race car is "better". DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton may have a problem at Mercedes because of his loyalty [INSIGHT]Ted Kravitz catches Ferrari boss leaving Mercedes HQ after qualifying [ANALYSIS]Norris 'overwhelmed' says Verstappen as he talks 'best friend in F1' [COMMENT] This was backed up by Marko who admitted the squad had made a compromise for qualifying in a bid to maximise the potential for race day. He added: “Max had relatively strong understeer, he doesn’t want to live with that. Then Perez was faster once, there was already unrest in it. “In the end, we made a compromise with the set-up that satisfied Verstappen, because Max really wanted to have pole, but the engineer prefers to go to the race set-up. Thank goodness the middle path has now served both purposes. "We also analysed the long runs of the competition and Alonso is the biggest opponent there. Ferrari had too much tyre wear in the endurance runs."