The ninth and final series of Endeavour began on ITV last Sunday. First aired on ITV as a single film on 2 January 2012 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of Inspector Morse’s TV debut, Endeavour serves as a prequel to that legendary show which starred the late John Thaw as the titular character. This season ties up the loose ends to set up Thaw’s incarnation, explaining how Morse and Fred Thursday (played by Roger Allam) parted ways since Thursday doesn’t feature in the later TV series at all. The new series is set in the early 70s and finds Endeavour and Thursday entering a new era of change both professionally and personally. Actor Evans, who has played the eponymous Endeavour for a decade, has alluded to a secret that may explain why Thursday doesn’t feature in Morse’s life after this period. “We wanted there to be an end. A point where Endeavour can move off into John Thaw’s Inspector Morse,” he said. “It felt the right time. We had done plenty of films.” READ MORE: Julie Walters pulls out of Channel 4 drama due to ill health “From my point of view I also wanted something that had emotional heft that gave a good reason why Morse never mentioned Thursday in the later John Thaw years,” he continued. “Which I think we do satisfactorily in this. I think we covered all of those bases very well. “Thursday says to Chief Supt Reginald Bright (Anton Lesser) in this series that Endeavour is the soul of discretion and if a secret wants keeping, Morse will take it to the grave,” he revealed. “And, as the audience will discover, there is something about Thursday that Endeavour will, indeed, take to his grave." Tantalisingly he also teased: “There are also echoes of Inspector Morse in the final episode which I hope will be emotionally satisfying for the audience.” “Final episodes are always very difficult,” Evans reflected. “What we wanted to do was to end Endeavour in a way that was fitting to all of the enormous work we had put into it over the last 10 years and also to all of the huge support we have had every year from the audience. “To not leave anybody feeling short changed. To leave people feeling emotionally satisfied. “We won’t be seeing Thursday again. We will see Morse and Strange again ‘later on’ in Inspector Morse but they will be very different versions of themselves. But our story is at its end.” DON'T MISS:Death in Paradise's Dwayne Myers to reunite with Darlene [SPOILERS]1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [SPOILERS]Emmerdale producer details one of the ‘most powerful' episodes ever [INSIGHT] Evans also revealed each role gets a proper send-off explaining: “It was important that all of the main characters get their farewell moments. It reflects the democratic way we have worked. “We have all been together from the beginning and everyone’s work is valid and equal. “All of the actors have brought with them a very specific life outside of the stories we tell. Their character’s lives are just as full and rich. “So it’s important to acknowledge that. To wrap them up in a pleasing way. Which is no mean feat.” Evans won’t be off screens for long as his next major TV role was recently announced. He will lead the cast of a new true crime drama with the working title of Delia Balmer. Based on Balmer’s book Living with a Serial Killer the four-part series will examine the real-life story of how she survived a near-fatal relationship with murderer John Sweeney. The role sees Evans play Sweeney, alongside BAFTA winning Line of Duty and Motherland actress, Anna Maxwell Martin as Balmer.  Endeavour airs on ITV on Sunday nights at 8pm