Supermarket Aldi announced that it will be opening 40 new stores this next year and revealed 30 possible locations. The retailer already has a total of 990 stores across the country but has a target of opening 1,200. As part of its £400million project, Aldi plans to invest in in-store development including refurbishing stores in the Midlands, North West, North East, Yorkshire and some coastal towns. Aldi is considering different locations to open a new store and announced that it will pay a finders fee to agents who recommend a site. The fee that the supermarket is offering will be either 1.5 percent of a freehold price or 10 percent of the first year’s rent for leasehold sites. The retailer explained that it is looking for a freehold town centre or edge-of-town site that can accommodate a 20,000-square-foot store. This would be around 1.5 acres including 100 parking spaces. Aldi said the place should be near a main road with good access and visibility and revealed its priority locations. READ MORE: Animal puzzle only people with ‘extraordinary intelligence’ can solve  Those who want to recommend a location which meets Aldi’s requirements can do so by sending an email to info.nationalproperty@aldi.co.uk. CEO at Aldi UK, Giles Hurley, commented: “Demand for Aldi has never been higher here are still some towns and areas that either don’t have access to an Aldi or have the capacity for additional stores. “To meet that demand, we need to open more stores and it’s our mission to keep driving our ambitious expansion plan to achieve that.” READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Aldi's 40 new store plan is set to create over 6,000 new jobs in the UK this year. The retailer explained that the reason for the openings comes after demand for budget grocery shopping has "never been higher". Aldi became Britain's fourth-largest UK grocery chain last year, overtaking Morrisons, while supermarket Lidl took second place. The retailer was also named the cheapest supermarket in the UK by the consumer champion Which? with the lowest prices for seven consecutive months. Earlier this week, Aldi confirmed a brand new store at Kingston Park, in Newcastle, which will create a total of 39 jobs. New data revealed that it remains the fastest-growing supermarket with growing sales by over 26 percent year-on-year and 1.3 million more shoppers in the last three months.