Police have released images of a man they wish to speak to after a pensioner was set alight outside a west London mosque last month. An investigation has been launched into the incident that took place outside the West London Islamic Centre at 8pm on February 27th.   CCTV screenshots released by the Metropolitan Police show a man kneeling down before an 82-year-old man was doused in liquid believed to be petrol before he was set on fire with a lighter. The victim and man pictured spoke for five minutes outside a mosque on Singapore Road in West Ealing before the attack took place. The motive behind the attack is still yet known as police continue with their investigation.    Detectives say the pair were engaging in conversation as they left the Isamlic centre. They said that after the pensioner had been set alight, his attacker simply walked away. The 82-year-old was taken to hospital, where he received treatment for severe burns to his face and arms. Metropolitan Police Det Sgt Steven Constable said the force was carrying out a full investigation into the "incredibly shocking incident". READ MORE: Met officer jailed after horrific off-duty attack on woman [REPORT]   DS Constable urged anyone who recognises the suspect to contact the police. He said: “I know this will be an incredibly shocking incident for the community and we are carrying out a full investigation into what happened. “Understandably, there is a great deal of local concern in the wake of this incident and local officers have been carrying out reassurance patrols daily at the mosque. “We are continuing to work alongside the West London Islamic Centre who have been very supportive of our investigation and have been assisting us with our inquiries.” DON'T MISS: Chris Kaba family tired of awaiting death probe after police shot him [REVEAL] Former Met Police head faces watchdog over alleged rape comments [REPORT] Fears that UK Cat Killer 'is still out there' with 300 new victims [REVEAL]   He added: “A key part of that is identifying the man in the image we have released. If you recognise this man I would urge you to get in touch, either directly with police or, to remain anonymous, contact Crimestoppers. “I would also urge anyone who witnessed this incident and has not yet spoken to police to please get in touch.” Anyone who recognises the man or has further information is urged to call police on 101 quoting reference 6422/27FEB. Alternatively, you can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.   