Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet Diana have missed out on key moments with King Charles since they left for the US with their parents, a royal commentator has warned. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's children have been living in the United States for most of their lives, and have only met the King a handful of times. Commentator Kinsey Schofield said His Majesty is "devastated" by the distance and added that Archie and Lilibet are missing out on quality time with their relatives. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Speaking to Express.co.uk, Schofield said: "I do think the King is devastated by the loss of access to his grandchildren because, as we've seen during the Jubilee, his interactions with Louis in his lap...he clearly loves being around his grandchildren. "It's something he actually enjoys and it's one of the rare times we see him put his guard down when he's around them and engaging with his grandchildren." During the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last year, the King could be seen beaming as he entertained a bored Prince Louis at the Jubilee pageant. The then-Prince of Wales was all smiles as he bounced Prince William and Princess Catherine's youngest on his knees. READ THE LATEST ROYAL NEWS IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S LIVE BLOG He loves Harry, he's crazy about Harry, he doesn't love Harry's decisions. Schofield said keeping Archie and Lilibet from spending time with the King could also lead to them questioning their parents' decision in the future. The To Di For Daily host noted Harry and Meghan's children do not have much access to either of their grandparents. She said: "Harry and Meghan's decisions ultimately will hurt both of their families because he's not the only grandfather that they're missing in their lives. "They have no access to Thomas Markle either – and they're going to inevitably grow up and have Internet access. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's one-word reply when asked about first meeting Kate "They're going to see Thomas Markle on television pleading with Meghan and Harry to meet his grandchildren. "They're going to read these stories about Harry and Meghan's actions that limited their accessibility to their grandfather who was the King." Relationship psychologist Anjula Mutanda previously suggested Charles was frustrated over how much time Kate Middleton's parents spent with George, Charlotte and Louis. DON'T MISS Harry and Meghan insist Palace approved of Archie and Lilibet's titles [LATEST] Harry and Meghan's title move 'predictable', says expert [INSIGHT] Prince Harry is cementing his children's royal future [ANALYSIS] Mutanda said: "It has been rumoured Prince Charles felt a little bit jealous at times. "He was jealous that Carol and Michael Middleton were spending more time with the grandchildren than he was. "That is a very natural reaction that a lot of grandparents have. Almost to go, 'I'm jealous, how about me?'" But since after the pandemic, George and Charlotte have been appearing increasingly often at family affairs alongside the King. And with the oldest Wales children set to hold a special role at their grandfather's Coronation in May, they are likely to spend extra time with their grandfather in preparation for the ceremony. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews