The Blacklist fans have been waiting eight months for the NBC drama's return, excited to see how Raymond "Red" Reddington's (played by James Spader) story ends. The network announced the show would be coming to a close earlier this month, prior to the first episode airing. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about watching the latest episode of The Blacklist. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Blacklist. The Blacklist season 10 made its debut on Sunday, February 26, on NBC in America. It will consist of 22 episodes in total and is scheduled to air every Sunday in the same time slot. Viewers can expect episode two to come out at 9pm PST (Pacific Standard Time) on Sunday, March 5, on NBC. If you live on the east coast, then while the show will be released at the same moment, the time is going to differ. READ MORE: Emmerdale producer details one of the ‘most powerful' episodes ever The Blacklist season 10 episode two will be ready to watch from 10pm EST (Eastern Standard Time). Ahead of its release, the network has released a few details to highlight what fans can expect. Entitled The Whaler, the synopsis reads: "The Task Force works to infiltrate a high-stakes poker game tied to Wujing with the help of new team member Siya Malik. "Red and Cooper have opposing tactics when Agnes is bullied at school." So far, there has been no word regarding when those in the UK can watch the latest season. Usually, The Blacklist airs abroad several months after its initial USA release date. Going by previous series, The Blacklist season 10 could land in the UK sometime in September 2023 on Sky. There was plenty to follow up on after the dramatic season nine finale last year. DON'T MISS...Julie Walters pulls out of Channel 4 drama due to ill health  [HEALTH]Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck sparks meltdown with Magnum PI reunion [REACTION]The Blacklist fans fume at 'missing' James Spader in season 10 opener [EXPLAINER] Agent Elizabeth Keen (Megan Boone) had been murdered in series eight and Red couldn't let it go. He needed to find out who was responsible and, after a lot of digging, he found out it was his trusted advisor Marvin Gerard (Fisher Stevens) was to blame. Unwilling to feel Red's wrath, Marvin ended up killing himself to avoid the painful consequences of his actions. The series nine finale also set up the 10th season's final big plot which would see Red needing all the help he could get. Wujing (Chin Han), a hacker who targeted and assassinated spies and other government agents, managed to escape police custody. He announced he intended to "find and kill Raymond Reddington" but what made him even more dangerous was the fact he told every criminal he knew that Reddington works with the FBI. So there will be a lot of dangerous people out to get him which could spell the end of Reddington. The Blacklist season 10 airs Sundays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.