Mykhaylo Mudryk could force Raheem Sterling, Noni Madueke and Joao Felix out of the Chelsea starting XI on a regular basis if he continues to lineup in an inside left position. The Ukrainian looked more at home on the left-hand side during the 3-1 win over Leicester at the weekend and now could be set for an extended run in the team. Mudryk has failed to impress since his £88million move from Shakhtar Donetsk in January. The winger had been widely expected to join Arsenal following six months of sustained interest from the Emirates however the Gunners spent too much time haggling over the final details and Chelsea swooped to bring him to Stamford Bridge instead. Mudryk is yet to repay his substantial transfer fee with any goals, blanking in each of his first seven appearances. He has regularly found himself on the bench as Graham Potter struggles to find the best way to accommodate his new talents but he returned to the starting lineup for the win over Leicester on Saturday. The Ukrainian impressed in his first start in five matches producing the assist for Mateo Kovacic’s clincher while he missed out on his elusive first goal for the club after he had a strike ruled out for offside. Read more... Chelsea hero Nevin explains refusing to join in BBC Lineker boycott [NEWS] Mudryk lined up in the inside left position in Chelsea’s 3-4-3 with Felix and Kai Havertz joining him in attack. Should the 22-year-old keep his place he could force three players to have their minutes reduced as he takes their spot in the side. Sterling, Madueke and Felix have all spent time on the left-hand side in recent matches and each player may now find it more difficult to earn a spot in the team with Mudryk in their place. The situation is another major headache for Potter as he seeks to find the best system for his bloated squad but he has been keen to stress that he has been happy with the Ukraine international’s efforts so far. Don't miss... Chelsea woes under Graham Potter explained as Kai Havertz lifts lid [INSIGHT] Chelsea tipped to snub Raphael Veiga due to 'other priorities' [GOSSIP] Chelsea chief Boehly gets one over on Newcastle with 'Whisper' deal [LATEST] "He'll get better and better,” Potter told reporters following the win at the King Power. “He's a young player that hasn't that much experience, so each game he'll get better and better. His attitude is fantastic, he wants to help the team and work with the team. I'm delighted he got an assist and helped us." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE