Kate Middleton, 41, stepped out at the Commonwealth Day Service today in an Erdem peplum suit and sapphire earrings that previously belonged to Princess Diana. But her body language was equally poignant at the service today, according to an expert. At one point, Kate and William could be seen sitting beside King Charles and Queen Camilla, looking eerily similar to a pose performed at the 2019 Commonwealth Day Service. The Princess of Wales glared down the camera lens, in an almost identical pose to four years ago when Meghan Markle and Prince Harry attended the same service. This pose was included in the trailer for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's explosive Netflix documentary last year. Netflix put a black-and-white filter effect on this picture of Kate, William, Harry and Meghan looking quite miserable, most likely to make the picture look more emotive. Kate's pose today at the 2023 Commonwealth Day Service looked very similar to the pose from four years ago. Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain how the Princess's body language was today. She claimed: "Did the ghost of the iconic pose in the Netflix documentary haunt Kate enough today to result in a very similar look here? "Kate didn’t appear tense during this royal event though and there were moments when she and William exchanged some words and smiles that looked almost flirtatious."  Don't miss... Meghan's 'bond with Diana' was first seen in her engagement ring [LATEST] Another royal wore a 'near replica' of Princess Margaret's wedding [STYLE] Expert spots signs Autumn Kelly was the 'perfect ally' for Meghan [BODY LANGUAGE] According to an expert, it wasn't Kate that appeared tense, but instead the Queen Consort. Judi explained: "Kate seemed to try to put Camilla at her ease via some very attentive listening signals when she arrived. "Kate was even in leadership mode enough to lean to point out William’s place in his song sheet for him with an air of almost maternal authority." This year's Commonwealth Day Service was the first for King Charles as the monarch, which Judi claims might have caused the "tension". READ MORE: Fergie sheds light on Princess Beatrice's parenting style with Sienna  She opined: "There did seem to be some contagious, pass-down tension though from Charles and Camilla. "Running the gauntlet of both the strong winds and the heckling from the protestors outside, Camilla dashed past her husband and up the steps, leaving him to stand watching the Haka greeting ritual alone. "When he did get inside, Charles looked a little impatient to get into his seat.  "During the service, the camera appeared to pick up Camilla’s hands shaking as she held the order of service.  "She touched and checked her hair throughout and William next to her did seem to catch some of this anxiety, touching his clothing and performing checking gestures in what might have been mirrored empathy." Kate paired her Erdem outfit today with a massive navy hat designed by Philip Treacy. The navy hat is the exact same as the hat worn by Kate at the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II, except that one was black and also featured a veil. This was a touching tribute from the Princess of Wales to Her Late Majesty.