The Met Office has updated its amber weather warnings for March 9 as it anticipates disruption to spread further across the UK.  Forecasters have warned Britons to anticipate worsening conditions in Wales and the west Midlands, with snow and ice tipped to cause injuries and travel chaos into Friday. A new warning for seven additional areas has brought the number of those affected to 12 in total. The latest alert warns that snow will become "persistent" and occasionally heavy between Thursday and Friday. The heaviest snow will fall later today and early on the morning of March 10, causing disruption until 9am. The areas affected include Conwy, Denbighshire, Flintshire, Gwynedd, Powys and Wrexham in Wales, and Shropshire in England. The agency added that "many" places within the warning area will likely see 10cm to 20cm of snow.  Higher totals, up to 30cm (11 inches) could fall over higher ground, especially areas elevated to 200 metres. Several hazards exist on top of the snow, as freezing rain could cause icy conditions in areas to the warning's south. The impact will cause travel delays, with cars, planes and trains affected by the accumulating snow. The snow could also mean that some rural communities become cut off over the next 24 hours. READ MORE: Met Office issues rare two-day amber weather warning Power cuts are also possible, with communications such as mobile phone coverage also potentially affected. The icy surfaces caused by freezing rain and low temperatures may also cause injuries. Today's warning is one of two, with the second in place for East Midlands, North East England, North West England, West Midlands and Yorkshire & Humber. Alerts of this level are rare, and health experts have warned people to take additional care for themselves and their families. Don't miss... Parking row erupts as sinister notes left on windscreens [PICTURES] Man arrested for filming video within Nicola Bulley police cordon [REPORT] Couple thought they won £182m EuroMillions but then found ticket error [INSIGHT] Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at the UK Health Security Agency, said people with pre-existing health conditions are particularly at risk. Dr Sousa said: “During periods like this, it is important to check in on family, friends and relatives who may be more vulnerable to the cold weather, as it can have a serious impact on health. “If you have a pre-existing medical condition or are over the age of 65, it is important to try and heat your home to at least 18°C if you can.’’