If that sounds a bit, um, dodgy to you, you’re probably not alone. Education chiefs have been forced to respond to the sudden advancement in ed-tech in a bid to control the inevitable mass-cheating scenario facing them. Millions of students are already using it, so this is somewhat shutting the stable door after the horse has bolted. The irony of pupils using “artificial” intelligence for better marks is not lost, and experts have expressed concern that it will be used to generate entire essays, rather than the odd, cited quotation. It is an impressive bit of kit. It produces readable articles and essays, writes jokes, scripts, and half-decent poetry. Heck, I may be out of a job soon. Created by OpenAI, ChatGPT is a global phenomenon, breaking records as the fastest-growing app, gaining more than 100million users in just three months. Its lightning-speed rise in popularity has left universities and colleges scrambling over the academic ethics. As a part-time masters student with a weighty-assignment deadline looming, this instant essay machine is of great interest. So I signed up to the free service, tapped in a complex esoteric question and hey presto! To my horror and amazement up popped an accurate and well-argued answer within seconds.  Maybe not a distinction-grade piece of “work”, but a serviceable entry that could easily be used as a template. A few tweaks, some choice references, pop my name at the top. Who’s to know? Certainly not the assessors as there’s no sensor capable of detecting how this AI-generated material is being used. Of course, I’ll not do that. There’s no short cut and hard graft is where the real learning is. But will panic-stricken GCSE and A-level teens be able to resist this plagiarism on a platter? And how will schools and exam boards react? The International Baccalaureate says ChatGPT is no different to a spellchecker or a calculator. But it goes beyond correcting mistakes or totting up numbers. The app is set to revolutionise schools, colleges, universities, and workplaces too. Yet this may not be education’s death knell. It could mark the beginning of the end of the obsession with tick-box metrics and force a focus on independent thinking, critical analysis and creative learning. Whatever our knee-jerk misgivings, this is the dawn of a new age. Resistance is futile.  An aristocrat is feeling buyer’s remorse after spending a fortune to keep the Poohsticks bridge, made famous by author A A Milne, in the East Sussex countryside where it belongs. William Sackville, 11th Earl De La Warr, who owns Buckhurst Park estate and the woodland that inspired the Winnie the Pooh series, bought the bridge for £101,000 at auction 18 months ago. But he forgot about the VAT and buyer’s premium, and had to pay an extra £30,000. Now he says he cannot afford to keep it. “I don’t want to sell it,” he lamented. “It’s a family matter. It involves us, the estate, having to raise money.” However, the original bridge where Milne played Poohsticks with his son in the 1920s is long gone. This one is a replica built in 1999, with the endorsement of the writer’s estate. The Earl thinks it will go to bidders from Japan. If it does, surely he could build another? The location is far more significant than a pile of timber. As Pooh would say: “Oh bother!”  Ooh la la! It’s spatulas at dawn after the “world’s best chef” lost a Michelin star from his Paris restaurant. Guy Savoy’s Monnaie de Paris has held the maximum three stars for the last 20 years. Now the exclusive eaterie, where the set menu costs a pocket-emptying £550, has been downgraded by the Michelin Guide. The fall from grace comes just a few months after he was named best chef in the world for the sixth year running by foodie guide La Liste. Thoughts and prayers are with his kitchen staff.  A woman armed with an A-level in law and a steely determination to right a wrong beat BA in a pleasing David v Goliath court case. Jennie Barber single-handedly took on the airline after it refused to refund her for cancelled flights during the pandemic. She accepted vouchers but when her chosen destination still hadn’t opened its borders months later, she asked for cash instead. She invoked an 80-year-old “Frustrated Contracts” Act to force BA to pay £2,523.42 to cover the flights and legal expenses. Speaking on behalf of thousands of passengers let down by shoddy service and last-minute cancellations, I say good on you!  After months of delicate negotiations with the EU, Rishi Sunak’s Windsor Framework looks set to resolve Brexit trading issues in Northern Ireland. It marks a new chapter for a country ripped apart by decades of political turmoil. My Northern Irish parents wisely moved to London in the Seventies saving me and my siblings from growing up in the midst of the Troubles. Visits as a child were a step through the looking glass into a very Un-united Kingdom. Memories of school holidays spent in a war zone are burned into my mind. Signs punctured with bullet holes, armed paratroopers on the high street. The burnt-out shell of a van parallel-parked among a row of cars. Kerb stones in green, white and gold or red, white and blue signalling if we belonged, or not. And vast murals of dead hunger strikers or bomb victims served as a reminder of the tragedy. Against all odds, the Good Friday Agreement brought peace to this traumatised nation. And 25 years later, the unique trading position it now holds may see it flourish. I hope so.  JK Rowling's abusive ex-husband has claimed he helped her to write the first Harry Potter book. Former Portuguese TV reporter Jorge Arantes claims he was “very involved” in the creation of Rowling’s debut novel, and called the multi-millionaire author “delirious” after she revealed he held the manuscript hostage. It is possible the bitter man, who admits slapping her but denies sustained abuse, had a modicum of influence during their short turbulent marriage. The chilling dementors that haunt the books are described as “among the foulest creatures that walk this earth… they drain peace, hope and happiness out of the air around them”. Wonder where she found the inspiration? 