Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has included his father Stanley Johnson as part of as many as 100 names on his resignation honours list. However, a new Express.co.uk poll has shown that 87 percent of readers are against his nomination for a knighthood. The former Conservative Party Leader resigned from his position last September and has since put forward a list of around 100 names for awards in his resignation honours list, according to The Times. The list is currently being reviewed by the Cabinet Office honours committee. A spokesman for the former Prime Minister said: “We don't comment on honours.” Stanley Johnson’s nomination has sparked outrage, with Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer slamming it as “absolutely outrageous”. During an LBC Radio phone-in, he said: “The idea that Boris Johnson is nominating his dad for a knighthood – you only need to say it to realise just how ridiculous it is. “It's classic of a man like Johnson. I mean, I think the public will just think this is absolutely outrageous. The idea of an ex-Prime Minister bestowing honours on his dad – for services to what?” READ MORE: Boris Johnson blasts partygate probe as ‘cynical stitch-up' In a poll that ran from 11.30am on Tuesday, March 7, to 2.30pm on Thursday, March 9, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Is Boris Johnson right to put his father, Stanley Johnson, forward for knighthood?” A total of 3,187 readers responded, with the overwhelming majority, 87 percent (2,774 people), answering “no” he is wrong to nominate his father. In contrast, 12 percent (385 people) said “yes” in support of Stanley Johnson’s nomination, while one percent (28 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the nomination of Stanley Johnson. Many readers argued against Stanley Johnson’s nomination, with username Bryan_1324 writing: “No. Knighthoods are supposed to be rewards for public service, not self-service.” Username oreo king said: “No no no. What an absolute disgrace.” Another, username Mc Gilbo, wrote: “This is so embarrassing in the eyes of most normal folk.” And username frenchman1981 described the move as: “Unbelievable nepotism.” Other readers questioned why he was deserving of the honour. Username bigbadbill said: “Johnson Senior has done nothing to deserve an honour of any type.” Username Ricky1954 said: “What the hell has Boris Johnson's father done to deserve a knighthood ?” Likewise, username Caerurfa wrote: “Knighthood for what exactly?” While username Dunky added: “There’s a great many people more deserving of a knighthood the Stanley Johnson.” Liberal Democrats Chief Whip Wendy Chamberlain has called for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to intervene and stop Stanley Johnson from receiving a knighthood. She said: “If future honours lists are to have any shred of credibility, Sunak must step in and veto this list. Honours should be reserved for those who've gone above and beyond to contribute to our country. Boris Johnson's attempt to bestow that recognition on his father makes a mockery of the whole thing.” Only Mr Sunak has the power to deny nominations, but there are no plans to change the resignation honours system. The Prime Minister’s spokesperson said: “There are longstanding rules that guard the honours process. There are no plans to change those that I'm aware of. It is a matter of fact that outgoing Prime Ministers are able to nominate people in this way.” Don't miss... Rishi Sunak has ‘full confidence’ in Cabinet Secretary [UPDATE] Whitehall is actively working against elected Government [COMMENT] Guy Verhofstadt savaged after former MEP claims Brexit 'cannot work' [INSIGHT] Mr Johnson’s list of resignation honours is much longer than his predecessors. Theresa May’s list included 60 people, while David Cameron made 62 nominations. A minority of readers thought that the Uxbridge and South Ruislip MP was right to put his father forward for a knighthood. Username Beanyboy2802 said: “Stanley Johnson has done a lot more than many who have received similar honours. I have no issue with him getting a knighthood.” And username StopIt wrote: “As an ex-Prime Minister, it's his choice and only his choice.” Other readers commented that the honours system was not fit for purpose. Username Loinlobber said: “The whole honours system is a disgrace. "The elites handing honours to their pals who've achieved nothing…meanwhile honest hard-working citizens who relentlessly devote their time and energy to help others are ignored.” Username SONNYM said: “Time this knighthood farce was scrapped altogether.” Another, username Retiree 2021, wrote: “Scrap both the House of Lords and honours list.” And username Simple guy added: “Time to abolish this form of reward for little or nothing and abolish life peerages at the same time.”