Arsenal's victory over Everton on Wednesday showed they have two world-class players in their ranks. There are also four others who have the potential to reach that level. Arsenal stretched their lead over Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table to five points. The Gunners eased to a 4-0 win in their game in hand. After a frustrating first 40 minutes, Mikel Arteta's side struck twice in quick succession before half-time. They sealed the victory with two further goals in the second half. Arsenal fans are in love with their club and players again. Express Sport looks at the two world-class players Arteta has at his disposal and four who are on their way to receiving that tag. READ MORE: Man Utd told to repeat Casemiro signing by 'overpaying' for target  Bukayo Saka Saka is Arsenal's star player and has been for the last two seasons at least. He is still only 21 years old but he is a talismanic figure. He opened the scoring on Wednesday in fine style. The finish with his weak foot from a tight angle will get most of the headlines but how he controlled the ball and set himself up in the same motion was something to behold. Saka has played in 67 Premier League matches in a row, starting 64 of them. He is now producing world-class performances most weeks and is irreplaceable to Arteta. DON'T MISSWrexham owner McElhenney makes plea after his team go top of the leagueEnrique could help reignite careers of three Chelsea starsGuardiola may have made Ferguson Man Utd mistake that could cost Man City  Martin Odegaard Odegaard is another player Arteta cannot replace if injured or suspended. The Norwegian was majestic at times against Everton and is certainly leading from the front. The Norwegian has nine goals and six assists from midfield so far this season. He is so easy on the eye and has the tendency to produce a moment that leaves fans laughing in amazement. Odegaard has always had heaps of potential, Real Madrid certainly saw it. But now he has found a home and is producing quality every week.  Gabriel Martinelli has now scored four goals in three matches since being dropped by Arteta. Perhaps that was the jolt he needed to get back to the level he produced earlier in the season. The Brazilian has stacks of potential that could easily see him reach a world-class level. Arsenal's centre-back pairing is also hugely impressive. People forget William Saliba is only 21 years of age. How he has performed in his first season in the Premier League is remarkable. Gabriel has also been an unsung hero in defence. He has cut out the majority of major errors he was making and is now surely on his way to becoming a full Brazil international very soon. Thomas Partey may turn 30 later this year but has been producing top performances this season. To receive the label of being 'world class', he must stay fit and be a reliable player for Arteta. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 