Weeding between pavers can seem like a never-ending gardening task. As soon as gardeners think they have removed the pesky plant, up they pop again. To ensure that they “won’t come back”, keen gardeners have shared two natural methods to get rid of weeds “properly” without the need for chemicals. These suggestions were given after one group member of Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips asked for effective methods to remove patio weeds. Nickie Gregory wrote: “Anybody have any ideas that work to get rid of small weeds in between block paving?” Pulling weeds can be a time consuming and highly physical task, with kneeling down taking its toll on backs, necks and knees. Store-bought weed killers have a high chemical content, instead many responses were routing for Nickie to use natural methods. The post was inundated with over 160 comments mainly sharing household hacks to kill weeds. Of all the recommendations, using boiling water and white vinegar seemed to be the most popular. READ MORE: Four ‘effective’ methods to remove ivy without damaging your garden Jane Izzard-Nelson said: “Just pour boiling water from the kettle over the weeds. I was sceptical, but it does work.” In response to Jane, Sarah Collard said: “I put some white vinegar with the boiling water and so far they haven’t come back.” Elissa Williams advised: “Mix white vinegar in with boiling water. The combination works like magic on stubborn weeds.” Christina McManus said: “White vinegar in a spray bottle, it really works. My husband does it all the time.” DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p [COMMENT]5 exterior features that makes a house look ‘cheap’ - ‘big turn off’ [EXPERT] Tanya Earth suggested: “Tip boiling water on them a few times, they will die off and won’t come back. It’s completely free too.” Although a kettle costs to run, using boiling water can be free if it has already been boiled for another use. Melinda Hardy wrote: “Did ours with white vinegar in a spray bottle, works a treat, may need a couple of goes but does work.” Sam White said: “I use either boiling water or white vinegar to properly kill the weeds. Not bought weed killer for years.” Jen Haine agreed: “White vinegar or boiling water.” Maria Devlin added: “Vinegar and hot water in a watering can did the job for me.” READ MORE: Gardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds White vinegar's high acidity is ideal for targeting weeds and removing them for good. However, when using white vinegar as a weedkiller, make sure to avoid spraying the mixture on any plants gardeners wish to keep, as it can kill those too. If gardeners are not a fan of using white vinegar, they can always turn to boiling water, as suggested by Mrs Hinch fans. Boiling water almost instantaneously destroys weeds. The heat of the water kills the plant’s root tissue which shocks the plant. The plant will wither and die within a day or two. Along with white vinegar, it’s one of the best ways to kill weeds on paths and driveways. However, just as with white vinegar, boiling water should not be used on lawns or flower beds as the water could destroy grass and plants gardeners want to keep. Before using white vinegar or boiling water on paving weeds it is best to remove the leafy area first, then pour off the natural weed killer of choice. This will make the method more effective as it will allow the vinegar or boiling water to attack the roots rather than just the top of the plant.