Rob McElhenney issued a defiant message to Wrexham AFC after the club moved to the top of the National League table on Tuesday. A 2-1 victory over Chesterfield last night (February 28) moved Phil Parkinson's side to first place in England's fifth tier of football. Elliot Lee’s screamer and Sam Dalby’s solo brilliance saw Wrexham replace Notts County by a point at the top, boasting a game in hand over their closest title rivals. After their thrilling triumph over Chesterfield, Wrexham's McElhenney and fellow co-owner Ryan Reynolds would have, undoubtably, been excited by clinching the top spot. And it's fair to say that the three points left co-owner Rob rather pleased indeed. Taking to Twitter after the win, the It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia creator penned to his 999.4k followers on the platform: "More of this please." His tweet accompanied a picture of the league table, with Wrexham in pole position to return to the professional leagues for the first time in 14 years. Rob and Ryan took over at the Racecourse in February 2021 - and it's been an incredible journey ever since for the club. Following a pitch by video link, which included a promise to immediately plough £2m ($2.5m) into the club and to build a new training facility, their takeover was unanimously approved by the Wrexham Supporters Trust in 2021, who had owned the club since 2011. Wrexham's stock has risen quite dramatically since their takeover, too. There's been record ticket sales, an eye-catching shirt sponsorship deal with global social media platform TikTok, and a surprise inclusion in the FIFA video game franchise - the first ever club from the fifth tier to appear in the series. The club's social media channels also boomed in popularity - with an increase in followers week-on-week since. Since the inclusion of Reynolds and McElhenney, the club's Twitter soared from 80,000 followers to a staggering 367,000. And following the announcement of TikTok as its new front-of-shirt sponsors, and the launch of the club's own channel on the site, Wrexham have gained over half a million followers on the platform since. Incredibly, the Welsh side have 17,000 more followers - 669,000 in total - than Premier League high flyers Fulham, too. And in fairytale circumstances that can only be likened to a Hollywood script, Wrexham went on a magical FA Cup run that was brought to a halt by Championship promotion hopefuls Sheffield United. It was another thrill-a-minute match between the teams, giving Reynolds and McElhenney plenty more material for their critically-acclaimed behind-the-scenes TV series for Disney+ 'Welcome To Wrexham'. After the game, Reynolds, a Canadian-born actor, posted to his 21.1m followers on Twitter: "So proud of these boys. And the 4,000 plus away supporters who gave it all." McElhenney also took to the platform, writing: "I could not be more proud of those men than I am right now. They gave it absolutely everything."