American tennis star Taylor Fritz has been wowing audiences with his attacking mindset since joining the tour. The big-hitting 25-year-old has been knocking on the door of the top level ever since turning pro and, if his pedigree is anything to go by, then it should come as no surprise. Fritz is the son of former players Kathy May, ranked No 10 in the world in 1977 and Guy Fritz, No 301 in the world in 1978. During her peak playing days in the late 70s, Kathy reached three Grand Slam quarter-finals - two at Roland Garros and one at the US Open. Passing on those talents to her son, Taylor would go on to pick up a tennis racket when he was just two years old. Fritz also played baseball, basketball and football, which, according to Kathy, benefited his career years later. She told ATP Tour: "He loved all sports. When he was little actually, tennis was not his favourite. For him, it was great because he didn’t love tennis so much. I think if he would have just played tennis he wouldn’t have enjoyed it now." To date, the California native has claimed three ATP titles and, in 2022, he reached his first Grand Slam singles quarterfinals at Wimbledon. In 2021, he reached his first ATP 1000 semi-finals at the Indian Wells Masters. The following year in 2022, he ended up winning the tournament, beating Rafael Nadal in the final. In June of the same year, he won the Eastbourne International, defeating fellow American Maxime Cressy. Currently, Fritz is ranked No 5 in the world on the ATP rankings. On becoming the first American member of the top five since Andy Roddick, Fritz said: "It's obviously pretty exciting to be top five. "I've known for about a week now that today was going to be the day that I'd be top five. Now I just need to focus on the tournament week and not so much about the ranking. "It's a huge honour to be the first American in the top five since [Roddick] was and I'm hoping that I can take it even further." On the topic of taking it to the next level, Fritz made his intentions known to win a maiden Grand Slam, insisting that it's "possible for sure". He added: "I think if I'm able to win a Masters 1000, then I'm able to win a Grand Slam. Things just need to come together. I need to be playing really well one specific week. I feel like it's possible for sure." Away from the tennis court, Fritz is a doting dad-of-one. In July 2016, Fritz married Raquel Pedraza, who played at all four junior Grand Slams as a player. Their first son, Jordan, was born on 20 January 2017. The two tied the knot in a California wedding after Taylor proposed to her under the Eiffel Tower, however, in December 2019, the two athletes called it quits and got divorced. Sometime in 2020, Taylor Fritz began dating influencer, Morgan Riddle. The 25-year-old has more than 100k followers on Instagram and over 300k followers on TikTok. The pair recently starred together in Break Point, a Netflix docuseries, that follows him and other professional tennis players as they compete in four Grand Slam tournaments. In February, she opened up on what it was like being with a top tennis player. One thing not many people knew about her is that she knew very little about tennis before dating the American star. "I didn’t know a thing," Riddle admitted in an interview, adding: "Literally not a thing. I knew who Federer was. I didn’t even know who Nadal was. That’s not a joke. "I literally didn’t know anything about it. But I know a lot now. I would consider myself a tennis expert at this point, I really would." According to the ATP website, Fritz has career earnings of £9.1m ($11m), including both his singles and doubles career. It is believed that his net worth is somewhere in the region of £4.1m ($5m). As a fresh-faced 22-year-old, Fritz made a groundbreaking move by becoming the first professional tennis player to invest in the rapidly growing eSports industry. The American, an avid gamer himself, concluded his career-best 2019 season by partnering with ReTKGlobal. The company owns several professional Esports teams and Fritz has tested his skills against some of the world’s best. Speaking of the venture, Fritz told ATP Tour: "I always thought that the esports market was going to be big. I thought that it was a good time [to invest] and an opportunity presented itself, so I went for it. "I’ve watched a lot of the London Royal Ravens in the Call of Duty League and seen some of their pro players play in other games. I’ve gotten to play with some of those guys in public matches, so that’s been a lot of fun. "There are some similarities to being a professional gamer and a professional tennis player because if you want to be good at anything, it takes a lot of time and hard work." Fritz will be wary to give his thumbs a rest, though, with the American gearing up to defend his Indian Wells title later this month. Having broken into the world's top five, Fritz is flying the flag high for Americans in the sport, with the likes of Sebastian Korda, Ben Shelton, Francis Tiafoe and more tipped to follow his footsteps.