James, Viscount Severn, has taken up the role of Earl of Wessex, as his father Edward and mother Sophie become the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh. The dukedom - which in the past has been hereditary - will not, however, pass down to James when Edward dies. James' sister, Lady Louise, is the only member of the family not to have been given a new role. However, the new 15-year-old Earl of Wessex has been known not to favour the limelight. He made a rare public appearance earlier this year when he joined his sister and cousins to mourn the loss of their grandmother, standing among the eight royal grandchildren by the Queen’s coffin in an emotional vigil. When the Earl and Countess of Wessex got married in 1999, it was decided that the couple’s children would not have princely titles, giving them the opportunity to shape their own existence outside of the Royal Family. Instead, they received the courtesy titles of the children of an earl. Hence, James is known as Viscount Severn.  The late Duke of Edinburgh, who died in April 2021, had always wanted his youngest son Edward to inherit his title, but the decision ultimately was down to Charles as King. Today Buckingham Palace announced that Charles has officially given the role of Duke of Edinburgh to his brother, and made James the Earl of Wessex in his stead.  The palace said in 1999 that Prince Edward would only take on the role of Duke of Edinburgh after both Prince Philip and the Queen had died. It said: "The Queen, the Duke of Edinburgh and Prince of Wales have also agreed that the Prince Edward should be given the dukedom of Edinburgh in due course when the present title now held by Prince Philip eventually reverts to the Crown." READ MORE: Sophie and Edward's HRH title dilemma for Lady Louise and James [REVEAL] Announcing Edward's appointment to the role, on the same day as his 59th birthday, Buckingham Palace said: "The new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip's legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential." The royal promotion comes after another title change this week, when the Duke and Duchess of Sussex began officially using the titles Prince and Princess for their children Archie and Lilibet. The new duke and duchess' first outing with their new titles will come later today, as they visit Edinburgh to mark the first year of conflict in Ukraine. In keeping with the Letters Patent issued when King George VI gave Philip the title in 1947, Charles inherited the Edinburgh dukedom when Philip died – but he did not use it. Don't miss... James, Viscount Severn has 'preference for privacy' claims astrologer [REVEAL] Kate 'admires' Lady Louise and James's upbringing as she faces dilemma [INSIGHT] Mike Tindall reaches out an arm to comfort James, Viscount Severn [ANALYSIS] On the death of the Queen six months ago, Charles acceded to the throne, with the title merging with the crown - meaning it could be granted to someone to someone else. But the King was reportedly reluctant to do so, as he is in favour of a more slimmed-down monarchy. Edward appeared to be aware of this, hinting in a TV interview in the aftermath of Philip’s death: “It was sort of a pipe dream of my father’s… and of course it will depend on whether or not the Prince of Wales, when he becomes king, whether he’ll do that.”