David Haye’s throuple with Una Healy and Sian Osborne has come to an end. Shortly after reports emerged that Healy had split from the trio, a source close to the singer confirmed that she has called time on the relationship after receiving a great deal of unwanted attention. Just days after Haye sent both women public Valentine’s day messages, Healy scrubbed her social media of any pictures of Haye and Osborne leading fans to speculate whether the throuple had broken up. And now, a source has told OK! Magazine: “Una didn’t think the throuple would get so much attention. She was getting a lot of negative comments about it, and she just didn’t think it was worth it in the end,” they said. “It went from something fun into a big media frenzy and everyone seemed to be talking about it. “Una is a private person and decided to take a step back. It all got a bit complicated. She enjoyed herself, but her kids are her main priority and that’s her focus now.” This comes after The Sun was told by a close friend of Haye and his long-time partner Osborne that they had been searching for a second woman to join their relationship using the discreet dating app Raya. “David and Sian created a profile on Raya to find the perfect partner to enter their relationship,” the source disclosed. “The app is very exclusive and discreet – which was perfect for them exploring their options. MORE BOXING NEWS... Fury knows why Wilder couldn't knock him out as explanation emerges Wilder snubbed in hardest puncher debate by Nigerian boxer Peter Ex-Joshua coach refuses to back down from controversial comments “David and Sian were very much in this arrangement together and after being together for two years decided to open their relationship up. The profile was under David’s name and there were photographs of him and Sian together and glamorous photographs of her from around the world. “As part of their profile they said they were ‘seeing what’s out there,’ and said they wanted to try ‘new experiences’. They spoke to a few people before being introduced to Una and they hit it off immediately.” All three remained tight-lipped on the nature of their relationship throughout but kept fans up to date with their activity via social media. The trio had been dogged by rumours that they were in a three-way relationship ever since sharing a series of cosy snaps together from a getaway to Morocco on New Year’s and recently jetted off for another holiday to Costa Rica.