Queen Camilla looked chic alongside her husband today for Commonwealth Day celebrations at Westminster Abbey. She opted for a royal blue coat dress. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The Queen Consort was stylish in royal blue today for her latest appearance on Commonwealth Day. She wore a coat dress which is classic Camilla style, almost synonymous with her royal wardrobe. Camilla paired the coat dress with a glamorous brooch which appeared to be gold with a central sapphire. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short'  Don't miss... Prince George 'hero-worships' one other young royal [EXPERT] Face yoga for a 'softer' face and 'natural glow' - no 'worry lines' [EXCLUSIVE] 'Luckiest' sign' according to Chinese zodiac [ASTROLOGY] Marie Feodorovna was Consort of Tsar Alexander III, mother of Tsar Nicholas II and sister of Queen Alexandra, the wife of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom. It is an intricate design comprised of glamorous gold filigree encased by a cluster of diamonds. The centre of the brooch is an absolutely show-stopping, deep blue sapphire. The brooch perfectly complemented the Queen Consort's lovely royal blue coat dress this afternoon. READ MORE: The change Camilla should make or risk looking 'unkempt and aged' To further accessorise, Camilla went for a fabulous hat in the same shade of blue and adorned with feather. She wore chic black leather gloves and held a black clutch under one arm. Her incredible sapphire brooch was certainly the statement jewel of the day, although Camilla also wore her signature Van Cleef & Arpels Alhambra bracelet to complement the blue theme. Camilla also went for some lovely pearl earrings - clip-on of course because the Queen Consort famously revealed she will never get her ears pierced. She went for opaque black tights in keeping with royal protocol, and a trusty pair of black suede kitten heels. As for her hair, Camilla went for her signature style, buttery blonde locks in a flicked out style. The Queen Consort finalised her fab look with a pop of pink lipstick, rouged cheeks, mascara and dark eyeliner. Praising the royal's latest look, @PearlChanJack tweeted: "Gorgeous! Love Queen Camilla's ensemble." @LunaB65353431 added: "Queen Camilla looks gorgeous in blue!"