Strictly Come Dancing star Giovanni Pernice has been a fan-favourite on the long-running BBC dance series for seven years. Although viewers may not see the Italian star Waltzing on the dance floor forever as the 32-year-old coyly touched on his future in the show. Since first joining the series, Giovanni has reached the final four times and lifted the infamous Glitterball with EastEnders star Rose Ayling-Ellis back in 2021. With an average of 11 million viewers tuning in to watch Giovanni and Rose be crowned the champions, the actress made history as the first-ever deaf winner of Strictly Come Dancing. Despite winning the show in season 19, the 32-year-old was booted out in week three during the latest series with radio presenter Richie Anderson. With the show finishing at the tail-end of 2022, as Hamza Yassin and Jowia took home the championship, fans are eager to see who will be starring in the show later this year. READ MORE:Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks Along with a star-studded roster of celebrities that take part, Strictly fans often see the return of the much-loved professional dancers including Dianne Buswell, Graziano Di Prima, Gorka Márquez and Giovanni. Although, fans were left heartbroken when long-running professionals Oti Mabuse and Aljaz Skorjanec revealed their exit last year. With two favourites leaving the show, many fear which professionals will announce their departure next. However, Giovanni could be next to leave the dancefloor after coyly touching on his future. Speaking to Radio Times, the dancer appeared alongside Strictly judge Anton Du Beke to discuss their new three-part series, Adventures in Sicily. As Anton has often confessed how long he hopes to remain on the show, Giovanni hesitated to reveal whether or not he’d be returning. He said: “At this moment I’m talking about our first show together. “Why would I consider what’s next? Let me enjoy this moment. “I do feel Strictly is a family and I love doing the show. It’s part of my life.” Don't miss... BBC licence fee 'needs to go' fumes Rees-Mogg [LATEST] Endeavour fans in tears over ‘cruel’ Morse and Joan Thursday twist [LATEST] Antiques Roadshow expert ‘excited’ by value of rock 'n' roll jewellery [LATEST] Despite Giovanni keeping tight-lipped about his Strictly Come Dancing future, Anton seemed to be thrilled with his new role on the judging panel. Starring on the show as one of the professionals since 2004, he left the dancefloor in 2021 to replace former judge Bruno Tonioli. Speaking about his position on the BBC series, the 56-year-old said: “I miss being with the dancers, yes. They’re a great bunch. “But I do love being a judge entirely, and it’s particularly lovely not being voted off – that’s a personal favourite of mine. “And the show itself just goes from strength to strength.” The last time viewers saw Anton compete was with former MP Jacqui Smith two years ago as they were voted off from the competition in week one. Anton replaced Bruno as a judge as the 67-year-old confessed he had started to find it hard to balance filming in the UK and America to be a judge on Dancing With The Stars. Strictly Come Dancing is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.