Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's eviction from Frogmore Cottage is "just the beginning" of King Charles's push for the Royal Family to save money, according to an expert. The cottage has been the couple's UK base since 2019, however reports state the King has decided to give the home to Prince Andrew instead. Relations between the Sussexes and the rest of the Firm have been strained since their relocation to the US in 2020, with a reconciliation looking even less likely following the January publication of Harry's revealing autobiography, Spare. However news of the eviction has still left the pair "stunned", according to their unofficial biographer Omid Scobie. According to royal expert Ingrid Seward, the King is looking to tighten the royal purse strings, particularly during the cost of living crisis. She told The Mirror that Charles is "well aware" that having so many lavish properties languishing unused around the country is "not a good look in these hard times".  She said: "The fact the King’s son Harry is being targeted cannot but help look like a settling of scores for the disloyalty to his family in his explosive memoir Spare. "The suggestion to give up Frogmore did apparently not go down well especially as they have paid their rental to the Crown Estate in advance. "But within the Royal Family nothing is impossible and duly an eviction order has been obtained to get them out of the cottage before their tenure is up." READ MORE: Meghan 'disappointed' by royal life and 'hated being told what to do'  Ms Seward added: "It's royal swings and roundabouts, but King Charles has been warned he needs to make extensive savings and this is just the beginning." Frogmore could now become home to Prince Andrew, who faces having his annual grant of £249,000 cut from next month. This may mean he can no longer afford the upkeep at Royal Lodge, the £30million property on the Crown Estate in Windsor which has been his home for more than 20 years. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry asked Mike Tindall for his autograph after World Cup [LATEST]Prince Harry leaves audience in stitches during latest TV interview [SPOTLIGHT]Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes [REVEAL] Harry and Meghan are now permanently based in California, however they continue to stay at Frogmore whenever they travel to the UK. The last time they were in the UK was for official charity visits made just before Queen Elizabeth passed away in September. They also stayed at the Windsor property during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations last June, when they introuced their daughter Lilibet to the late Queen, her namesake. It has now been reported that the couple have arranged for their belongings remaining at Frogmore to be transported to their home in Montecito.