Novak Djokovic has been tipped to keep playing and winning Grand Slams for “a few more years” as Bjorn Borg gave his verdict on the world No 1’s career. But the Swedish tennis legend refused to rule Rafael Nadal out, complicating the Grand Slam race between the two. Djokovic and Nadal are currently tied with 22 Grand Slam titles each - a men’s singles record. But many believe the Serb will ultimately go down in history with the world No 9’s frequent injuries taking a toll while Djokovic appears able to keep playing for longer. And former Grand Slam record holder Borg has had his say, also backing the current world No 1 to keep playing for “a few more years”. The Swede - who once held a men’s record of 11 Major titles - wasn’t convinced by Nadal though, given the 36-year-old’s continued physical issues. “I think Rafa, like you said, he's not going to be in the top 10 for so many years now. But I think he's a very happy guy,” Borg told Eurosport. “I mean, what he achieved in tennis, he will still want to continue to play. Maybe the body is not working 100 per cent, but he still wants to play.”  Just in Wawrinka shares reasons he refuses to retire after Murray compliments [LATEST] While the 66-year-old didn’t doubt Nadal’s desire, he had more confidence in Djokovic continuing to lift big titles for several more years. Borg continued: “Novak, I think he might win one or two more Grand Slam tournaments.” The 66-time title winner also knew that Djokovic was hoping to go down in history, adding: “Who knows? But he is doing it not for himself but for tennis and journalists. Unbelievable. He's still pushing the limits. He wants to be the greatest.  Don't miss... Murray shares tale which made rival swear after five-month wait ends [QUOTES] Emma Raducanu survives injury scare to upset Linette in Indian Wells [REPORT] Emma Raducanu smiles before refusing to divulge injury after victory [UPDATE] “He wants to win more tournaments, break all the records in tennis history. I mean, he is a fantastic player.” But he refused to rule Nadal out entirely, complicating things in the GOAT race with Djokovic. “But to have these guys involved with tennis, you never know what Rafa is going to do, maybe play one more year. I don't know,” Borg noted. “It is up to him mentally or his body or whatever. But Novak is going to be around for a few more years.”  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE