Pizzas come in all shapes and sizes with a range of crusts and toppings to choose from. No matter what your go-to order is, one thing many people can't go without is a creamy garlic dipping sauce on the side. If you want to cut costs and make a fakeaway pizza yourself, chefs have shared two easy recipes to replicate your favourite flavours from popular chains. There are many versions of garlic sauce available to buy in supermarkets but they often lack in flavour when used as an alternative to popular brands of pizza dips. Whether you prefer yours creamy and packed with green herbs, or smooth and buttery, chefs have shared the best recipes to help you replicate them at home. As shared in the London Economic, food writer Jon Hatchman's recipe for a fakeaway Dominoes dip is not to be missed. He said: "Having tested many iterations of the potential Domino’s garlic and herb dip recipe, a mix of mayonnaise and sour cream produces an end result closest to the original, with dried parsley instead of fresh, lemon juice, salt, sugar, a splash of white wine vinegar, and a suggestion of mustard powder (the dip’s secret weapon)." READ MORE: Kate and Charlotte’s beloved 65p snack Don't miss... Top tips for caramelising onions ‘like a Michelin-star chef’ unveiled [REVEAL] These are the nation's favourite pies you can make for £1 per serving [LATEST] Meghan Markle shares 'soul satisfying' recipe 'with a twist'  [RECIPE] Making the sauce is incredibly easy to do, just add all of the ingredients into a bowl and stir until combined. You can add more salt, sugar, or vinegar to suit your taste if necessary. Serve with your favourite pizzas as a cheap alternative to your favourite takeaway. If you make too much, simply place it in a sealed pot and store it in the fridge for up to three days. If a buttery garlic dip is more to your liking, you can make a Papa John's replica with just two ingredients. READ MORE: Mum's genius method to never break an egg yolk and make them 'perfect' Liquid margarine and fresh garlic cloves are all you need, according to Stephanie Manley, the author of CopyKat recipes. She said that liquid margarine is the "real secret to this recipe", adding that Papa John’s actually doesn’t use butter. The silky sauce has the same consistency as the famous pizza chain's sauce too, described by Stephanie as "thick and creamy and not melted".   To make the sauce, start by grating your fresh, peeled garlic gloves into a small bowl. Add the margarine and gently stir until combined. You can add more garlic to taste, though you shouldn't need it using this ration. Once the fragrant, yellow sauce has been stirred, leave it to rest for at least 20 minutes at room temperature. Place the sauce in an airtight container and store it in the refrigerator where it should last for four to five days. 