Daisy (played by Charlotte Jordan) recently handed over her social media platform to her fiance Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) after Justin's (Andrew Still) constant barrage began to take its toll. In recent Coronation Street scenes, Daisy realised her mother Christina Boyd (Amy Robbins) had started a romantic relationship with Justin and left her sick to the stomach. Andrew Still recently opened up about how he felt playing such a calculated character and admitted he has a typecast. Justin isn't the first stalker-type role Andrew has played in his acting career after starring in similar roles in Hollyoaks, Waterloo Road and Granite Harbour. Comparing Justin to the roles he has played in the past, Andrew explained to Express.co.uk and other press: "Seems like I have a typecast! "Someone who plays damaged individuals basically which, I don't know what that says about me. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find "That is kind of the stuff that I play. But Justin has that darker edge in a way that maybe some of the other characters didn't. But yeah I tend to play vulnerable young men I guess." Andrew has also worked on a film called Nobody Has to Know and praised the "well-oiled" sets which are on the ITV soap. He added: "Corrie is a lot faster and it is like a well-oiled slick machine, there is so much to learn and it is a real challenge in that way. "You are constantly on the move and doing different things. When I was doing the film it was a more slower pace, very different but very enjoyable and getting to push me." In recent scenes, Daisy found out Justin had taken his stalking to the next level by dating her mother Christine. As the pair sat down for lunch, Christina excitedly admitted: "He is very handsome," to which Daisy teased: "Oh... so you're showing off." Christina walked away from the table to grab some snacks for the table before Justin entered the restaurant and sat down with Daisy. "It's good to see you," he said touching her on the shoulder, leaving her immediately feeling on edge. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [LATEST] GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [WATCH] Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [INSIGHT] Christina soon returned to the table and said: "Jay, you're late," before giving him a kiss on the cheek. Sitting down at the table, Daisy couldn't shake the look of shock off of her face, leaving Christina to ask: "Sorry is there something wrong?" Daisy exclaimed: "Yeah you could say that! What are you playing at? No not Jay, Justin. It is a bit more than fancying me. "He is stalking me. What are you doing? You're dating my mother to what? Get my new number because this is not a coincidence!" Christina was left stunned at the revelation and asked: "Were you ever interested in me? Daisy listen, he couldn't get the daughter so he has gone for the slightly more experienced mother." Angrily, Daisy grabbed her things and fumed: "This is not about you! You two are welcome to each other but I am telling you if you say anything to him about me then we are done for good." If Christina talks about Daisy's wedding in front of Justin, is she putting her daughter at risk of being hurt? How far will Justin go to get his claws further into Daisy's life? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.