The Birds of a Feather actress, 64, married Mark Dunford, 62, in 1990 and they live together in London. However, it has been reported she told friends about their marital problems. A TV source told The Sun: “Linda has been quite open behind the scenes about problems in her marriage. “They hit a bit of a rough patch before Christmas but they’ve managed to work through it. “Linda turned to her family and close friends who supported her through it all.” It comes after Linda spoke last week on ITV’s Loose Women about the hurt of being cheated on by two previous partners. READ MORE: Stacey Solomon cleans ‘greasy’ hair after not washing it for 3 weeks She and the panel discussed how Emmerdale actress Amy Nuttall grew suspicious of hubby Andrew Buchan before he reportedly left her for his Better co-star Leila Farzad. During the chat, Linda revealed she had been cheated on. She said: “It’s intuition, it’s happened to me twice. “Two partners have cheated on me, and both times I’ve known something was wrong in the relationship and I’ve confronted them and they’ve always denied it. "Until eventually one of their friends or one of your friends says, ‘Do you know that this has been happening behind your back?’” Linda has previously spoken about how her first long-term partner, Tony Tyler, cheated on her. She was with him for 11 years and he is the father of her eldest child Lauren, 39. Linda said: “I caught my ex several times cheating on me — even when I was pregnant with Lauren. DONT MISS:Holly Willoughby makes jaws drop on DOI in plunging black gown (PHOTOS)EastEnders’ Kellie Shirley gives birth after surprise pregnancy (NEWS)Johnny Depp surprises staff at Lincolnshire antique store (LATEST) “I’d found letters, I’d followed him. I was waiting outside the house and he went into this girl’s house.” But she said despite his infidelities, Tony had always been a good dad to Lauren. The couple split when Lauren was three years old. In September 1990 Linda married Mark and they had two children, Louis, 31, and Roberta, 27. Linda previously said on the aforementioned ITV show last year that her Catholic upbringing had had an impact on her relationship with Mark. She stated: "I find it quite difficult. I've never undressed in front of my husband so when I put my pyjamas on, I go in the bathroom. "My kids have seen my undressed but not my husband or former partners, because my mum was Irish Catholic." It comes after Linda’s former co-star Lesley Joseph has addressed whether Birds of a Feather will return to viewers' screens. The BBC One show aired between 1988 and 1998 before it returned in 2014 to rival broadcaster ITV, running through until Christmas 2020. The TV star admitted she would be more than happy to work with Pauline and Linda but unfortunately, it may not be on Birds of a Feather. Speaking about a show revival, Lesley told Express.co.uk: "It would depend. To be honest, I don't think we should go back to Birds now. "