But not so from chief virtue signaller and woke keyboard warrior Gary Lineker who, when not coiffuring his goatee beard, is ignoring the BBC’s impartiality rules and firing off his predictable comments on Twitter claiming that the policy is “immeasurably cruel” and “directed at the most vulnerable people”, comparing the Government’s communication with the Third Reich. What a complete idiot he is. Such comparisons show that he has lost the argument and the plot, and is completely out of touch with public opinion. Illegal immigration is the public’s No 1 concern. People are at their wits’ end with the numbers entering the UK from across the Channel – a figure the Home Secretary estimates could be as many as 80,000 this year. Instead of being rounded up and instantly deported, these illegal immigrants are fast-tracked into hotels (sometimes four-star ones), paid for by the British taxpayer – the very same taxpayers who are working flat out, and can only just afford their own rent, energy and food bills, let alone hotel stays. Those on the left of politics don’t grasp the enormity of the issue, and don’t appreciate the upset on the ground of a never-ending number of immigrants entering the country. It seems the Labour Party’s sympathies lie with the rights of the illegal immigrants rather than with the British public and taxpayers.  The recent protest in Knowsley on Merseyside should have given them a clue that the patience of the public has long been breached. Instead, the left condemn those protesting as far-right extremists, whereas in reality it was parents in the local community who were feeling threatened by so many single men in their neighbourhood hitting on their young daughters. It is why Rishi Sunak was absolutely right to say at Prime Minister’s Questions this week that Keir Starmer is just another “lefty lawyer” trying to stop the government tackling illegal immigration. The public is desperate for the Government to get a grip and sort out this problem once and for all. A sovereign nation should be able to protect its borders. If Rishi Sunak can face down the lefty lawyers like Starmer and the BBC millionaires like Lineker and stop the boats once and for all, then the result of the next election may not be a foregone conclusion after all. 