I don’t know Gary Lineker – although, as a Spurs fan, I watched him play many times. He was as good a footballer as he is a broadcaster, and that’s meant as a compliment. It’s clear that he is no fool – whatever your view about his politics and his right, or otherwise, to say what he thinks on social media. Given his intelligence, and his return to Match of The Day next week, I hope he spends the next few days reflecting on why it was that his tweet caused such outrage to so many people. It wasn’t just that he had put forward his own view. It was the manner in which he did it – specifically, his grotesque comparison between the government’s plans to reform the asylum process and Nazi Germany. Writing about Suella Braverman, the Home Secretary, he said that she was using “language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s”. In other words, the Third Reich. We will come in a moment to the sheer historical ignorance of that comparison. First, though, it’s important to realise what’s going on. This rhetorical spasm, in which anything or anyone someone considers nasty is compared with the Nazis or Hitler, is now so common that it even has a title: Godwin’s Law, named after an American lawyer who noticed that the longer a discussion lasted online, the more likely – no matter what the topic – that someone would invoke a comparison with the Nazis. As a former editor of the Jewish Chronicle, I long ago realised the truth of Godwin’s Law. And I’ve seen some leaps of historical ignorance in these Nazi comparisons over the years. But I don’t think I’ve ever seen a set of more monstrously idiotic attempts at Nazi analogies than in some social media posts supporting Lineker. One political reporter tweeted what he presumably thought was an oh-so clever point: “Comparisons with 1930s Germany are not acceptable, says national broadcaster, as it complies with demands from the ruling party to take a prominent government critic off air.” As one historian replied with devastating understatement: “Campaigning anti-Nazi journalist Fritz Gerlich was arrested shortly after the Nazis took power in 1933. He was held at Dachau and murdered there in 1934. There were others like him. I’m really not sure the comparison stands.” Last week, the BBC announced a series of cuts to its classical music provision, including the scrapping of the BBC Singers. For many – myself included – it is an outrageous act of philistinism. But for Alastair Campbell (Sir Anthony Blair’s former spin doctor) it is another reminder of Nazi rule. He tweeted: “Amid the noise re @GaryLineker another disastrous move by the BBC in response to the Tory government political pressure and cuts — the abolition of BBC Singers and cuts to BBC orchestras. This is another resonance with 30s Germany — the assault on culture and the arts.” For Campbell, a cut made by the BBC in its classical music provision spells a further step on the road to the Third Reich. The Nazis poured money into classical music, seeing it as a tool for pushing Aryan values. That also meant banning and rounding up Jewish musicians and composers, and sending them to death camps. Point this out on social media and the “Tories are Nazis” brigade push on more. That it even needs to be said that there is no comparison to be made between 1930s Germany and the current government shows just how bad the problem now is. For one thing, this idea of a gradual slide into authoritarianism is nonsense. The Nazis didn’t hoodwink their way into the Nuremberg Laws in 1935, which barred Jews from citizenship and marriage to racially defined "Germans". There was no incremental change. There was immediate fascism, with opponents sent to Dachau. As for the supposed similar language to today: again, this is nonsense. The Nazis’ propaganda was focused on how the rat-like Jews were an alien race that fed off the German volk, poisoned the culture, seized the economy and enslaved workers. Hitler and the Nazis were their saviours, but they would have to make sacrifices to restore the Reich. As one analyst has put it: “Were the government to be bigging up the brilliance of the British people and how their fundamental genetic capacity would reign supreme were it not for the Jews or Capitalists and then demand sacrifice from the great British people, they’d sound more like 1930s Germany.” Lineker and his supporters have every right to believe that wanting to tighten asylum laws is immoral. But whatever it may be, it is not fascist.