Arsenal play second in the Premier League title race this weekend. Manchester City have the chance to close the gap on the leaders when they play Newcastle in the early kick-off today. The Gunners host Bournemouth straight after and Express Sport looks at the XI Mikel Arteta is expected to pick. Aaron Ramsdale kept just his third clean sheet at home this season in Wednesday's win over Everton. He didn't have much action but pulled off a fine late save to stop Tom Davies from scoring a consolation. Only Nick Pope has had more shutouts than Ramsdale in the top flight this season. He will be hoping for another quiet afternoon today. Oleksandr Zinchenko is one player Arteta may consider resting. Kieran Tierney is chomping at the bit for a start but he may have to wait until Thursday's Europa League tie against Sporting Lisbon. Zincheno is so important to how Arsenal play and Arteta will try to field him in every league game he can. William Saliba and Gabriel have had a heavy schedule of late but will be pushed out to go again for this one. Ben White has shown in recent weeks why he is now well ahead of Takehiro Tomiyasu in the pecking order at right-back. His rest will likely come in midweek as well. READ MORE: Man Utd star Greenwood may play again this season as Red Devils 'receive offers'   Martin Odegaard and Granit Xhaka are playing week in, week out at the moment. Both players could be due a rest and Fabio Vieira is waiting for his chance. Xhaka has been substituted in four of the last five league matches and replaced by Vieira. Thomas Partey's return to fitness could see the Swiss given a break from the start today. Jorginho was ill in the week, which forced him off at half-time. Partey gives further height to the midfield and allows Xhaka to take a breather. DON'T MISSChelsea have world-class manager to appoint who wants job 'ASAP' if Potter sackedDe Jong 'makes feelings clear' on ditching Barcelona for Man Utd due to CasemiroMan Utd may target 'monster' centre-back as Maguire replacement in 'convenient' deal  Arteta won't want to disrupt a front three that has performed so well in the last two matches. Gabriel Martinelli has four goals in his last three games after being dropped at Aston Villa. The Brazilian can easily interchange with Leandro Trossard, with the pair both comfortable to play up front and from the left. Eddie Nketiah will be forced to wait for his chance again from the bench. Saka is another player who could be due a rest. But he is the Gunners' talisman and will surely play every game if fit.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here