Cristiano Ronaldo has sent a plane load of care items to earthquake victims in both Syria and Turkey following the devastating scenes in both countries. The death toll has passed 52,000 people and the former Manchester United and Real Madrid star has looked to help those in need. The Portugal captain has paid for tents, food packages, pillows, blankets, beds, baby food, milk and medical supplies to help provide relief for those affected by the regions’ tragedies. The goods have been sent to both Turkey and Syria. The news comes after footage went viral of the Al Nassr star hugging a young Syrian child whose father was among those who died in the disasters. 10-year-old Nabil Saeed was captured on social media expressing his love for the 38-year-old star and hoped to see him face a Saudi Arabian rescue team who had travelled to Syria to provide help in the aftermath of the earthquakes. Before he was tracked down, an emotional moment in the clip saw him ask Saeed who he would like to travel to Saudi Arabia with to meet Ronaldo. “My father and mother,” he said, before correcting himself in heartbreaking scenes. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans The young man was eventually found and was invited to attend Al Nassr’s 3-1 win over Al Batin as Ronaldo played the 90 minutes, but three goals in stoppage time saw the hosts win in front of Saeed at the Marsool Park Stadium alongside his mother. "I cannot believe I am in Saudi Arabia," he said, before he was approached by the five-time Ballon d'Or winner. The pair shared an emotional hug and then chatted before Saeed imitated the striker’s iconic ‘Siu’ celebration. Following the game, Ronaldo was clearly proud of his team’s comeback as he posted on Instagram: “Always believe until the end! Vamos!!” It was just the second time since signing with the Saudi Pro League side following his contract termination at Old Trafford that he had failed to score in a game. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears He has been named the league’s February Player of the Month, however, as he highlighted his delight at winning the award. “Happy to win the February Player of the month award for the Roshn Saudi League,” Ronaldo wrote on Instagram. “Hopefully the 1st of many! Proud to be part of this team.” Meanwhile, the plane-load of care items is not the only act of generosity Ronaldo has made towards victims of the earthquakes. Through his former Juventus team-mate Meriah Demiral the Turkey international auctioned off a signed Ronaldo shirt, alongside a Leonardo Bonucci jersey, in order to raise funds for those affected in his own country.