Sir Keir Starmer has appointed Sue Gray, who led the investigation into lockdown parties in Downing Street, to serve as his chief of staff. The senior civil servant became a household name during the partygate scandal when she authored a report which found "a failure of leadership and judgement" in Number 10 during Boris Johnson's premiership. Ms Gray had been the second permanent secretary in the Cabinet Office. Labour said Sir Keir is "delighted" the partygate investigator intends to take on the role of his chief of staff. It is unclear when Ms Gray will take up the role because her appointment will need to be checked by the watchdog Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (ACOBA), which oversees new jobs for former ministers and senior civil servants. She has long had a fearsome reputation in Whitehall, having served as the key enforcer of ministerial behaviour as Head of Propriety and Ethics in the Cabinet Office between 2012 and 2018. The possibility she could join the Labour leader's office was first reported by Sky News yesterday (March 1).  Ms Gray's new job comes after Sam White was dismissed as Sir Keir's chief of staff. He was reportedly unpopular with some members of the Shadow Cabinet. A the daughter of Irish immigrants, Ms Gray's son, Liam Conlon, chairs Labour's Irish Society. The group used to be led by Matthew Doyle, Labour's communications director. Allies of Sir Keir told Sky News that a candidate for the chief of staff post who knows how to operate at the highest level of government is essential on the Labour leader's relatively inexperienced team.  READ ABOUT CLAIMS HARRY AND MEGHAN HAVE TO 'SCROUNGE'  On its publication in full in May 2022, Sir Keir said Ms Gray's partygate report would stand as a monument to the "hubris and arrogance" of Mr Johnson's government. He told MPs: "When the dust settles and the anger subsides, this report will stand as a monument to the hubris and the arrogance of a government that believed it was one rule for them and another rule for everyone else." The report was one of a series of scandals which led ultimately to Mr Johnson leaving office under pressure from MPs from his own party. But the former PM claimed on Thursday that when he was forced out as prime minister the Tories were "only a handful of points" behind Labour in the polls. During a speech in Westminster, he said: "I just want to point out purely for accuracy, when I stepped down we were only a handful of points behind the Labour Party at that moment. I'm just saying that."  DON'T MISS: Mum praised for transforming son into Prince Harry on World Book Day [REVEALED] 'I queued an hour to visit Clarkson's farm shop but was underwhelmed' [OPINION] Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave after causing chaos [LATEST]    The latest YouGov/Times voting intention poll puts the Conservatives on 23 percent of the vote (+1 from the last survey on February 14-15) to Labour's 46 percent (-4). Nadine Dorries, a keen ally of the former PM, took to Twitter to share her view of Ms Gray's appointment. She claimed: "Sue Gray move to Starmers office not surprising. Whilst writing report, she used QC who tweeted out pro Labour anti gov tweets whilst Alistair Campbell heaped praise upon her. Her comms assistant briefed against Johnson from day 1. The Gray report was a stitch up of PM and CSs." Former Business Secretary, Jacob Rees-Mogg, said: "So much for an impartial Civil Service, the Gray report now looks like a left wing stitch up against a Tory Prime Minister." A Labour spokesman said: "The Labour Party has offered Sue Gray the role of chief of staff to the Leader of the Opposition. "We understand she hopes to accept the role subject to the normal procedures. Keir Starmer is delighted she is hoping to join our preparations for government and our mission to build a better Britain."  News of the appointment comes after Mr Johnson raised concerns today about Prime Minister Rishi Sunak's new Brexit deal for Northern Ireland, saying it "is not about the UK taking back control".   He said: "I'm going to find it very difficult to vote for something like this myself, because I believed we should've done something very different. No matter how much plaster came off the ceiling in Brussels. "I hope that it will work and I also hope that if it doesn't work we will have the guts to employ that (Northern Ireland Protocol) Bill again, because I have no doubt at all that that is what brought the EU to negotiate seriously." Mr Johnson conceded he had made mistakes in signing his Northern Ireland Protocol, which caused the DUP to walk out of powersharing at Stormont because of trade barriers in the Irish Sea. Mr Sunak's biggest political rival said he would find it "very difficult" to support the Windsor Framework despite claiming some credit for the new pact being brokered.    In his first major speech in Britain since being ousted from office, the former PM urged his successor not to slash corporation tax to "outbid the Irish" and to "do things differently" so as not to betray the ideals of Brexit. Mr Johnson raised a number of concerns about the Windsor Framework at the global soft power summit before telling the audience: "I'm conscious I'm not going to be thanked for saying this, but I think it is my job to do so. We must be clear about what is really going on here. "This is not about the UK taking back control, and although there are easements, this is really a version of the solution that was being offered last year to Liz Truss when she was foreign secretary. "This is the EU graciously unbending to allow us to do what we want to do in our own country, not by our laws, but by theirs."  