Vampire Diaries actress Janina Gavankar, who has been a long-time supporter of her pal Meghan Markle, was spotted at the live taping of Chris Rock's Netflix show over the weekend - watching as the comedian ruthlessly mocked the Duchess. An eyewitness allegedly saw the celeb standing backstage "laughing" and "enjoying" the show. Ms Gavankar, who has been a close friend of Meghan's for over 20 years, was at the live show on Saturday night at Baltimore Hippodrome Theatre, according to Page Six. Sources told the outlet that the 42-year-old joined her friend Dave Chapelle backstage to watch Mr Rock's show in a VIP room. One witness said: "Janina looked to be enjoying the show very much, she was standing up by the TV screens and laughing." Ms Gavankar has previously spoken out in support of the Sussexes - including challenging Buckingham Palace's claim that they weren't aware of the full extent of Meghan's struggles while she was a working Royal Family member Following the Palace's remarks, Meghan's pal went on the UK's This Morning show and said: "Though their ‘recollections may vary,’ ours don’t because we lived through it with them and there are many emails and texts to support that.” During his set over the weekend, Rock mocked the Sussex's claims that an unnamed Royal Family member had raised "concerns" over how dark their son's skin might be, before Archie was born. The comic joked: "Like, who is this girl Meghan Markle? Seems like a nice lady – just complaining. Like, didn’t she hit the light-skin lottery? "She’s complaining, I’m like, ‘What the f–k is she talking about? 'They’re so racist, they wanted to know how brown the baby was going to be.' READ MORE: Future of Prince Andrew's home debated as King asks him to leave “I’m like, ‘That’s not racist,’ cause’ even black people want to know how brown the baby is going to be." Rock went on to say that Meghan was "acting all dumb" as if she didn't know the Royal Family were the "OGs of racism." He said: "She was going on Oprah [and] saying, ‘I had no idea how racist they were.’ That’s the Royal Family, you didn’t Google those motherf******? They’re the original racists. They invented colonialism." Th comedian went on to say that he knew what Meghan was "going through", telling the crowd: "I know her dilemma: Black girl trying to be accepted by her white in-laws. “Oh, it’s hard. It’s so hard, it’s very hard – but it ain’t as hard as a white girl trying to be accepted by her black in-laws. Now that s*** is really hard!”  During his press blitz to promote his new book, Spare, Harry was quizzed on the couple's comments insinuating his family is racist. When asked by Tom Bradby whether he would not describe that as “essentially racist”, Harry said: “I wouldn’t. Not having lived within that family. “Going back to the difference between what my understanding is, because of my own experience, the difference between racism and unconscious bias – the two things are different.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews