Brain teasers are a fun way to test someone’s logical thinking and problem-solving abilities. This optical illusion of a busy library is hiding a lightbulb. According to the creators, if a viewer can spot the lightbulb in four seconds it suggests a high IQ level. But the puzzle is extremely detailed and the lightbulb is well hidden. In the image, you can see a busy library with children playing a board game on the floor, another sleeping on a book at a desk, and one young girl trying to study. In the background, there is a librarian carrying a huge stack of books, whilst someone else is up a ladder around the corner trying to find a book. But what you can’t see in the image is a lightbulb. The creators of the optical illusion have advised viewers to not confuse the hidden light bulb with lightbulbs that are in the lamps on the wall. While finding the lightbulb is a challenge in itself, the real test is how long it takes you to find it. READ MORE: Only people with a high IQ can spot the odd letter in time The creators have set a time limit for this brain teaser of just four seconds. Can you find the lightbulb? If after four seconds you’re struggling to locate the lightbulb, here are a few clues: Don't miss... ‘Dry out weeds and kill roots’ instantly with household ingredient [EXPERT] 'Perfectly crispy’ bacon by sprinkling unusual ingredient over the top [VIDEO ] Kate is ‘most relaxed as a parent’ with one child in particular  [COMMENT] If you thought finding the lightbulb was too difficult, try finding the glove in this optical illusion. Or, perhaps finding the giraffe in this animal puzzle will be more fun. If illusions aren’t your thing, perhaps a riddle or two will get your brain working. The following are courtsey of riddles.com. READ MORE: Can you solve the maths puzzle baffling everyone? 1. What word is always spelt wrong? 2. What kind of ship has two mates but no captain? 3. Two people were playing chess they both won how is this possible? 4. What belongs to you, but other people use it more than you? 5. You live in a one-story house made entirely of redwood. What colour would the stairs be? Answers: 1. Wrong 2. A relationship 3. They were both playing different games 4. Your name. 5. What stairs? You live in a one-story house.