Daniil Medvedev and Andrey Rublev are set to face off in an all-Russian final at the Dubai Championships on Saturday, renewing their long-standing rivalry that dates back to before their pro careers. The pair are good friends and used to meet in their childhood days, with the world No 6 claiming that they endured “crazy” matches that often involved “crying and throwing rackets”, with Rublev even eating the clay in frustration. Medvedev and Rublev will do battle for the seventh time as they meet in the Dubai final, with the former on a 13-match winning streak spanning two titles while the latter is the defending champion. While it marks their seventh official match, the pair know each other better than most competitors as they faced off multiple times in their junior days and have been good friends for years. And if their old matches are anything to go by, fans could expect fireworks on Saturday after a fierce childhood rivalry that often left both players “moaning” and smashing their rackets. Ahead of the final, Rublev’s old comments about his junior battles with Medvedev have resurfaced and they make for some entertaining reading, as the 12-time title winner admitted that his countryman would make him cry and eat clay from the court. “We’re both nuts,” the world No 6 told News Au during the 2021 Australian Open, where three Russians reached the quarter-final, including Rublev and Medvedev. “We played lobs. Each rally was 10 minutes. We kept pushing those lobs to exhaustion. One of us would screw up the lob and there would be three minutes of crying and racket throwing.”  JUST IN: Fritz rushes for sick bucket mid-match as star chunders on court  The defending champion in Dubai revealed that, while he was the only one who would cry, Medvedev would still “flip”. He continued: “Then the second point, against 10 minutes of waiting, three minutes of crying. One of us rolling around the court after winning this point and another crying ‘everything is terrible’. And it was three, four hours like this.” Rublev joked that “nobody killed themselves looking at all this” because the matches were played without line judges, but both players would sometimes lash out at random passers-by who happened to find themselves in the firing line. “We’d flip out differently,” he explained. “I was throwing rackets, crying, whining. Daniil was throwing rackets but without crying and whining. Instead he’d yell at everything and everyone around him. Someone would simply pass by and be told to go to hell.” DON'T MISSDjokovic 'denied US entry by Homeland Security' as Biden request madeNovak Djokovic gets Grand Slam support in bid to overturn US banDjokovic discusses end of Nadal's 18-year streak as showdown addressed During the 2021 Australian Open when Rublev recalled the story, he was facing Medvedev in the quarter-final and went on to lose, extending the 27-year-old’s lead in their head-to-head to an unbeaten 4-0. But since then, Rublev has won both of their meetings and reached a career-high of No 5. And Medvedev knows it will be a tough battle against his good friend, even if things aren’t as chaotic as they were in their junior days. “First of all, Andrey is an amazing player,” the Dubai third seed said ahead of the final. “So not much to say. He's a player that can win Grand Slams, can win Masters. Probably gets a little bit tight in important moments but doesn't get tight on 500s, has a lot of them. I'm not looking for this tomorrow. We had some tough battles even when I won. When he won last two times, also tough battles. I'm expecting a tough match physically, tough mentally. Have to be at my best, serve well, try not to give him too easy balls because that's where he's the best. I saw his last two matches. He seemed to hit the ball great. So very dangerous player. Great guy. I'm looking forward for a great final.” 