The broadcaster has received criticism after a caller on his Channel 5 programme said she "don't give a damn" about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. The caller, known only as Kath from West Yorkshire, called The Jeremy Vine Show to declare her dislike of the royal couple. Angry Channel 5 viewers didn't take long to call out the presenter for allowing the comments to air without challenging them, with some fuming Jeremy is "completely irresponsible". When she called the show, Kath referenced how Harry claimed in his controversial book, Spare, that he'd killed 25 members of the Taliban while he served in Afghanistan. Jeremy went on to ask if the viewer thinks the extremist group could stage an attack during King Charles III's Coronation. "I think it's a damn good place for them to try," the caller stated. "I don't give a damn about Harry and Meghan but there will be a lot of the British public there. They will also be at risk." Jeremy didn't question Kath's hateful comments but instead pointed out there would be a lot of security at the huge event. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find It comes as several claims made in Prince Harry's book continue to be debated. Released in January, the memoir caused a huge stir after statements were made against fellow members of the Royal Family. Harry also didn't hold back on details as he recalled serving in Afghanistan and other significant moments of his life. The Duke explained how he could recall "with exactness" the number of fighters he killed due to being in the "era of Apaches and laptops".  He detailed: "And it seemed to me essential not to be afraid of that number. So my number is 25. "It’s not a number that fills me with satisfaction, but nor does it embarrass me." Ever since the book's publication, experts have been concerned that the royal has made himself a target for revealing such details. Many have also expressed concern for the British Army in light of the comments.  Don't miss... Janet Street-Porter 'whacks' Coleen Nolan during Loose Women row [LATEST] Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [VIDEO] Countryfile fans brand presenter 'doom lord' during 'dramatic' episode [REACTION] Those tuned into Monday's Jeremy Vine Show however were left furious with the host for allowing the caller to air her comments. Twitter user @MrsMe15556009 wrote: "#JeremyVine you, your platform, your guests, #Channel5 you are complicit in generating hate & death threats #ShameOnYou #Disgusting." @DanielJFalconer went on to fume: "Gone downhill @theJeremyVine, why didn’t you challenge her? Absolutely ridiculous. Turning off - for good." @Carol36994460 shared: "#jeremyvine and #JamesMac should be banned on tv. Neither are responsible James Mac openly talked about Harry and Meghan bashing and alongside Dawn Neesom said there are many juicy stories about #princewilliamaffair." "He let her go unchallenged. He is definitely #JeremyVile #JeremyVineisabully," fumed @Midnightsunshi4. @honeysugahoney posted: "WOW @JeremyVineOn5 whoever let Kath from West Yorkshire spew her evil bile on national tv this morning needs the sack. "Wishing Harry harm from the Taliban? Are you for real? And this got aired on tv unchallenged? Completely irresponsible #jeremyvine." @DavyGee29 remarked: "@JeremyVineOn5 Vine has been at this for years. He normalises extreme views, he's a Jeremy Kyle with a posh accent. "I gave up on his radio show 5 or 6 years ago, but I'm sure I read recently the TV programme was given a new long-term deal so clearly there's an audience for this tripe." Jeremy Vine airs weekdays from 9.15am on Channel 5.