The 2004 Butler Report into the intelligence used to justify the Iraq War was a case in point. It found Tony Blair’s administration had given the impression there was “fuller and firmer intelligence” Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction than was really the case. But those looking to bring down Blair over Iraq couldn’t find a sentence that damned him sufficiently. Perhaps the author, Sir Robin Butler, a wise former head of the civil service, decided that it was not his job to devise a soundbite that would serve as a knockout blow to a PM but simply to set out the chain of events and then leave politics to take its course. The senior civil servant Sue Gray’s report into lockdown parties in Whitehall, published just last May, represented a notable departure from this tradition. Not only did she set out how various gatherings had breached lockdown guidance,  but she added her own value judgment, namely that: “The senior leadership at the centre, both political and official, must bear responsibility.” In the Commons debate that followed, Boris Johnson felt compelled to declare himself “humbled” by the Gray Report Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer was cock-a-hoop at its verdict claiming: “When the dust settles this report will stand as a monument to the hubris and arrogance of a government that believed it was one rule for them and another for everyone else.” So for Ms Gray now to accept a post as Starmer’s Chief of Staff – dedicated to ensuring a Labour general election victory – fails every smell test ever devised in British politics. There had been mutterings at the time of her report that she was from a Labour-leaning background. Her son was even chairman of the Labour Party Irish Society. But those complaints were dismissed and she was cited being firmly rooted in the tradition of civil service impartiality. In fact that tradition was already on life support – tarnished by the obvious hostility of the vast majority of top mandarins control immigration, as well as a “Woke” takeover of Whitehall that saw a never-ending stream of Left-wing initiatives being implemented often without the prior knowledge of ministers. Yet Ms Gray’s decision to lead Starmer’s bid to become prime minister is so spectacularly inappropriate that the time has surely come to abandon any notion of senior civil service neutrality. So mired are top-ranking mandarins in leftish ideology and groupthink that it is now unreasonable to expect any right-of-centre government to let them implement policy. We must bid farewell to the old idea of a “Rolls-Royce” civil service full of people who will give their best efforts to whichever set of politicians is elected. Alas our society is now so polarised and has within its metropolitan elite such a concentration of determined Leftleaners who regard conservative views as morally deficient that the British public would be better served if we moved to the system that applies in the USA. There, new presidents bring in their own administrators on fixedterm contracts to staff key positions. Such an idea has been put forward by Richard Tice and the Reform Party in respect of setting up a new Department of Immigration staffed by “competent believers in controlling our borders”.   Mr Tice is surely right to suspect that immigration control will never be delivered by the current Home Office set-up. Yet neither is there any prospect of our current civil service facilitating many other policies informed by conservative thought, even if such ideas have been mandated by an election-winning manifesto. By behaving quite so outrageously – helping to bring down a Tory prime minister in 2022 then joining the bandwagon of a would-be Labour one in 2023 – Ms Gray has done British public life a service, albeit inadvertently. She has punctured our sense of complacency about how we are governed and heavily compromised the ability of the permanent establishment to pose as politically neutral. The Left has politicised everything. Only once that is understood can a strategy to thwart it be devised.