Fortunately for fans of the former BBC Breakfast host, he will back presenting the Channel 5 News on March 2. Dan Walker confirmed his return to the flagship news programme as he made his first TV appearance since his accident on Jeremy Vine on 5.  As an image of the host in an ambulance was shown, Dan shared: "I feel a lot better as well. I mean look at the state of that. "I can't believe that's maybe like nine or 10 days ago. My kids think I'm like Wolverine. "I'm very thankful that I've healed on my face. There's still a few lumps and bumps and things. "I've got a badly damaged hand and I won't take my trousers off Jeremy but I've got a massive bruise on my right hip at the moment. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 "But I'm really thankful to the police, to the paramedics and everyone who looked after me in hospital." Dan added: "I found out last week from the police that actually there were five people, who when I came off the bike, came onto the roundabout and they sat with me for 25 minutes until the ambulance came. "I've got zero memory of that Jeremy. I can't remember anything from the moment I arrived at the roundabout. "But it's things like that, the goodness of people in difficult situations, I'm very thankful to be here and getting back to the job that I love. He confirmed: "I'm going back on the telly later today." Jeremy asked: "I gather you were out cold for 20 minutes or something?" Dan reiterated: "I don't know. I remember getting to the roundabout, I looked to my right and I saw a gap Jeremy and I went. "The next thing I remember is, it's almost like an out of body experience, I saw myself looking at a black screen and then the screen expanded into a white circle in the middle of i DON'T MISS...Dan Walker 'on fine form' hosting first major event [UPDATE]Dan Walker in first public appearance since crash as he covers bruises [PICTURES]Dan Walker shows off healed face as he steps out after accident [LATEST] "In the circle came the heads of the two paramedics and the police officer and I think the driver who had hit me in the car." Dan said those who helped him were "brilliant" and has no recollection of what happened. He added there is a video of the accident but he has refused to watch it and hasn't had any flashbacks from the incident. "I'm just grateful that I'm here, I'm okay and the scans all say my brain is fine. "If I can get out of it with a few lumps and bumps then I can say I'm okay." He went on to say: "I'm back on 5 News today. You can join us if you like Jeremy. At five on Five. "It's a great programme, and you know the news never stops, we keep cracking on." Jeremy Vine on 5 airs weekdays on Channel 5 from 9.15am.