Since Friday, February 17, the beloved presenter Hoda Kotb has been noticeably missing from NBC’s Today. After viewers expressed concern for her well-being, co-host Craig Melvin shared the reason for Hoda’s disappearance.   Although Hoda's last live appearance on screens was on Friday, February 17, she was last seen on screens on Monday, February 20 during a pre-recorded segment. The 58-year-old’s absence sparked confusion among viewers as they took to social media with questions. Presenter Craig Melvin was able to ease concerns on Wednesday as he explained Hoda’s absence and addressed Savannah Guthrie’s disappearance. During Tuesday’s episode, Savannah was forced to leave mid-show after she tested positive for COVID-19. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges  Craig stated: “She [Savannah Guthrie] is at home after a positive Covid test yesterday. We are wishing our friend a speedy recovery. “As for Hoda — we know a lot of you have been wondering how she is doing. We can tell you that Hoda is okay.” He explained: “She has got a family health matter that she has been dealing with, so we look forward to seeing Hoda and Savannah back here at the desk very, very soon.” Weathercaster Al Roker, who was co-presenting, added: “We love you both.”    Concerns for Hoda were sparked after she shared several cryptic posts on Instagram. One read was a quote which read: “Choose Hope,” which she captioned with two heart emojis. Another post read: “Hear’s to strong women, may we know them, may we be them, may raise them,” and captioned: “I see you… you strong women.” While a third included an animation of a horse and stated: “One day you will see just how brave you have been.”  DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's identity after Kim betrayal [REACTION]Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck sparks meltdown with Magnum PI reunion [REACTION]The Blacklist fans fume at 'missing' James Spader in season 10 opener [REACTION]  In the caption, Hoda added: “Happy Wednesday xo here's to the brave ones.” (sic) As the presenter didn’t speak about her absence, viewers rushed to her comments with messages of well-wishes and positive thoughts. As for Savannah, she had been on the show on Tuesday but abruptly left after testing positive. Following her exit, co-host Sheinelle Jones provided viewers with an on-air update and stated: “It has been an interesting morning for us.   “As we said, Savannah left early, she wasn’t feeling great, so she took a Covid test. “It came back positive. So of course as soon as we found out, she rushed home to rest up." Sheinelle continued: “So Savannah, we love you, wishing you a speedy recovery.” Hoda was also absent from her show Today with Hoda and Jenna, as a result, Jenna Bush Hager was joined by Sheinelle and Willie Geist instead. Today airs weekdays from 7am on NBC. 