Will Harry Kane leave Tottenham and to where? That will once again be the question heading into the summer transfer window, but Chelsea arguably have the best groundwork in place to make it happen above all other teams. It's been a frustrating season all year for Chelsea fans in Todd Boehly's first 12 months at the helm. Around £600million has been spent on new players in a move that has left many Premier League rivals stunned. It hasn't worked out on the pitch so far with Graham Potter replacing Thomas Tuchel at the start of the campaign. But it's easy to see where Chelsea have struggled most this season with their attackers unable to find their shooting boots. Kai Havertz and Raheem Sterling are the only two players to have scored more than three goals, but the attacking duo have only managed seven each themselves in all competitions. Part of the issue for Potter has been trying to find his three best attackers week-in and week-out with so many to choose from. Following the arrivals of Joao Felix, Noni Madueke, David Datro Fofana and Mykahlo Mudryk in January, Potter has been left with 10 attackers to choose from. Fofana will be expected to be loaned out in the summer while Felix may not be signed on a permanent basis. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was signed to help fill the void left by Romelu Lukaku leaving for Inter Milan on loan, but the former Arsenal striker has fallen out of favour under Potter. For all of Chelsea's attacking options, they're still lacking a true No 9 to play through the middle. The foundations are already there for a frightening attacking unit, they're just missing that final piece and Kane would arguably be the best option out there. Tottenham will face a battle to keep Kane at the club this summer with Antonio Conte's future also uncertain. Kane has little over a year left on his current contract and Tottenham won't want to risk losing their superstar for nothing in 2024. Don't miss... Chelsea keen on Dominik Szoboszlai as Erling Haaland 'consulted' [LATEST] Chelsea mistake over 'next Kaka' draws Ferdinand apology to Hargreaves [LATEST] Chelsea told minimum price to sell Mount as Utd and Liverpool circle [LATEST] Manchester United are being strongly linked with a move for the England captain and could have the financial means to make a deal happen if a full takeover from Qatar is done before the end of the season. But Chelsea have already shown under Boehly that they're not afraid to throw big money around to get the man they want through the door. Missing out on Champions League football may be Chelsea's only issue in any negotiations for transfer targets this summer. But they already have the foundations in place with their squad to be a genuine contender heading into next season with the right planning in place. Lukaku's future may be intrinsically linked too as Chelsea could potentially cash in on the Belgium international to help fund a move for Kane. Other attackers will also have to be sold to free up some space in Potter's squad, but Kane would be the missing link to help realise Chelsea's misfiring squad's true potential.