Painting kitchen cabinets might strike many as a mammoth DIY project, but it is in fact relatively simple. For those who are happy with the look and layout of their kitchen, and if the cabinets are still robust, then refreshing the colour can provide impact without the need for costly renovations. The change needn't be dramatic, households can simply lighten the units by a few shades, or turn to something a little darker. Whatever the colour preference, Phillipa Pawson, marketing director at Harris Brushes, has shared the “best technique” to follow. She said: “The kitchen is the heart of the house for many families, couples and individuals. However, as an area of the home that deals with a high level of activity, the kitchen often faces a great deal of wear and tear on a daily basis. If you’re looking to transform the look of your kitchen and create a room that’s uniquely yours, we’ve got all the information needed to produce smooth and phenomenal results.” Before painting kitchen cabinets in the home, Phillipa noted: “It’s vital to properly prepare the area ahead of completing your paintwork. Usually, this is the stage where we clear all furniture for the room and lay a dust sheet, however for this particular DIY task, we need to take a different approach.” First, open all the cupboards households would like to paint. Using a screwdriver, remove the cupboard doors from their cabinets then all cupboard handles or knobs. Find an open space such as the floor, large table or outside space and lay a dust sheet to catch all dust and prevent any spilt paint from ruining the floor. For extra security, tape the dust sheet in place using some masking tape. READ MORE: Kitchen design to ‘avoid’ that ‘rapidly’ makes the room feel ‘dated’ When it comes to painting kitchen cabinets there are typically two types of cupboard door; classic wooden doors and plastic/acrylic/laminated doors. To prepare plastic doors, you will need to take some sand paper and lightly sand the door down in circular motions. Phillipa explained: “Sanding provides a key, which in industry terms means a surface perfect for the primer to stick to, so it’s essential to include this step as part of your project.” For those who have wooden cupboard doors on the other hand, sanding often creates a lot of dust, therefore it’s important to be protected with a dust mask. The expert noted that sanding will help to “enhance the look of the wood with a smooth finish”. Once the sanding is complete, it’s time to clean the cupboard doors using some sugar soap and a microfibre cloth. DON'T MISSThree ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [EXPERT]‘Number one reason’ gardeners end up ‘killing’ their tomato plants [TIPS]I removed stubborn tea cup stains in minutes using a kitchen item [COMMENT] Phillipa said: “Using the sugar soap first then the microfibre cloth, remove any greasy marks, stains or dust to ensure a clean and even surface ready for your primer. When the doors are gleaming and free from imperfections, it’s time to move on to step four and apply your primer.” In this step, households need to ensure that their primer has a smooth, lump-free consistency before applying it to their cabinets. The expert instructed: “Shake your tin of all-purpose primer well before opening. Next, use an angled paint brush to paint around any detail areas. “The best technique is starting away from the corner and gradually working your way in for smooth and phenomenal results. READ MORE: 29p household staple to clean ‘dirty’ hidden fridge compartment “Larger, flat areas can be painted with a roller or a flat brush for a fast, even coverage.” Once all surfaces have been primed, it’s time to clean the brushes and rollers in some white spirit to ensure they’re ready for use for the top coat. It’s always a good idea to wear some gloves for this step to prevent potential damage to your skin. Work the white spirit into the roller and brushes until they look pristine and completely paint-free, then wipe away the paint with some paper towel. Once cleaning is complete, pour the white spirit into a sealed jar, like a jam jar or mason jar, and take it to the local tip for disposal. An optional step to help DIYers achieve a “professional-looking finish” is to give the primer coat one final light sanding using some sand paper. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Phillips said: “This will remove any brush marks left behind by the primer and create an enviably smooth surface. When you have finished this step, clean away any dust or debris using a microfibre cloth.” Then it’s time to pick up the freshly cleaned brushes and get ready to apply gloss, eggshell or satin paint. Applying in the same way as step four, paint detail areas using an angled brush and larger, flat areas with a roller or flat brush. The expert advised: “When you have almost finished, load the brush with a small amount of paint and using very light pressure, paint a final top coat of the gloss. With a bit of practice, this will give you a very fine glass-like finish you’ll love. “When the paint has sufficiently dried, it’s time to re-attach the doorknobs and then securely fix the door back on the kitchen cabinets. That’s it – your kitchen has a brand-new updated look that will make you feel incredible each time you enter the room.”