A man threw liquid over a car before it was set alight after a street row escalated in Leicester. CCTV captured by a shocked homeowner shows two men walking towards a car - which locals say is owned by one of them. The other man holds a jerry can and appears to throw liquid over the vehicle before setting it alight. The man with the can then allegedly punches the reported owner, knocking him to the floor before walking off, leaving the car engulfed in flames. Locals said the incident in Walton Street, Leicester, came after two men got into a row in a nearby restaurant on March 8. Police and firefighters were called to the scene. No arrests have been made and police are appealing for information. A spokesperson for Leicestershire Police said: "Police were called to Walton Street in Leicester shortly before 2pm on Wednesday (8 March) following a report that a car was alight. "It was established that the fire had been started deliberately. "While attending, officers identified and spoke to the car’s owner, who was not inside the vehicle at the time. Enquiries are continuing." READ ABOUT A COUNCIL UNDER PRESSURE OVER TRAVELLER PARKING FINES The spokesperson confirmed no arrests have been made. Anyone with information about the incident should call 101, quoting incident 299 of March 8. Meanwhile, the emergency services have been on the scene after reports of a suspected gas explosion at a property in Swansea. South Wales Police and the Welsh Ambulance Service were called at just after 11.20am on Monday to reports of an explosion at an address on the corner of Clydach Road and Field Close in Morriston. Don't miss... Spring breakers warned 'avoid Mexico' as three more Americans vanish [REPORT] Prince Andrew 'in despair' after being left NOTHING from Queen [REVEALED] Denise Welch accuses celebs of betrayal over lack of public support [LATEST] Police asked the public to avoid the area while they deal with the major incident. Images circulating on social media appear to show a collapsed building with debris strewn across the street. A South Wales Police spokesperson said: "Emergency services are working at the scene, and we are asking that people avoid the area so we can deal with this incident." A Welsh Ambulance Service spokesperson added: "We were called today shortly after 11.20am to reports of an explosion at a property on Clydach Road in Morriston." Swansea Council leader Rob Stewart said: "it is not known at this time if there are any injuries or fatalities." In a tweet he added: "My thoughts are with the residents at this moment from what looks like an extremely serious incident, as we try and establish if everyone is safe. "Our teams are on site and working with the emergency services." 