Fans of medical drama, Call the Midwife, will be pleased to learn Helen George’s thoughts on the possible return of some beloved characters for the show’s finale. The BBC drama, based in Poplar in the 1950s and 60s, has seen many stars come and go in its 12 series on air, but a reunion could be on the cards. Despite the BBC drama being renewed for two more seasons, the Trixie Franklin star already has ideas for the final episode. "We've talked about that," George told RadioTimes.com in a live Q&A. "Wouldn't it be nice? "Like at the end of Titanic, all the characters come and it's just beautiful. "It would have been amazing to have everybody." READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find She added: "Look, you'll have to wait and see. But it'll be nice at some point – maybe at the end of the very, very last series – to get some of the old faces back, for sure." Fans excited for a reunion will have to be patient, as the series has already been renewed for two more seasons, meaning the earliest a finale could air is 2026. The show has a host of former stars who could reprise their roles. Top of the list for many fans would be Miranda Hart as Matron Camilla Fortescue-Cholmondeley-Browne, known as Chummy. Creator Heidi Thomas has previously stated she would like to see Hart return to the show. Speaking to the Daily Mail, she stated: "I still hope that one day we will come back to Chummy." One actress who will not be returning is Charlotte Ritchie, who starred as Nurse Barbara. Ritchie’s character was written out of the show in series seven, after succumbing to septicemia, devastating fans of the series. Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INTERVIEW] Call the Midwife's Helen George wants old characters to return [LATEST] Call The Midwife star addresses Lucille exit as she opens up return [INSIGHT] Despite George playing a lead role of Trixie Franklin she expressed her own fears of also being written out of the period drama. The actress admitted: "You never have complete control. Absolutely, it's a genuine fear. You never know.” She continued: "And they might just come to a point where they think, 'Do you know what, we've got nothing more to say about your character. "There's nothing left to do with you. So you're off. It happens." George was an important part of the series 12 finale, which saw her character tie the knot with property developer Matthew Aylward. Fans will be excited to see what they do next, especially after Aylward purchased Nonnatus House to save the nuns from leaving Poplar. Series 1 - 12 of Call the Midwife are available to watch on BBC iPlayer.