Barden says this is "working class tourism" and that posh actors (Corrin was born in Tunbridge Wells and privately educated) should not play people less privileged than themselves. Barden who makes much of her working-class roots, lives in LA and is married to the son of Henry Winkler (aka Fonzie) from Happy Days. So she’s not privileged at all. Not at all. No doubt Corrin will now be inundated with gritty film scripts featuring cor-blimey gingers. In fact it sometimes feels as though that is what most new films and plays are about. There aren’t many posh girl parts around – not many Lady Dianas or Lady Chatterleys, not many willowy girls wafting though the French windows asking “anyone for tennis?” So what’s a well-spoken actress to do? Maybe Barden is simply jealous of Corrin’s success. It happens. It can’t be said often enough that the job of actors is – brace yourselves – to pretend to be someone else. They don’t have to be like the person they are playing. If you’re cast as Lady Macbeth you are not expected to have previous experience of stabbing kings. But (according to Jessica Barden’s rules) if you’re cast as Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady then you should have experience of being a Cockney flower girl. But such spats about class in the acting profession have been pretty much superseded by race. We’ve all noticed actors from ethnic minorities inserted into costume dramas on TV, with no regard for historical accuracy. In a series like Bridgerton the colour-blind casting is done with panache and style. In other dramas it often seems as though producers are watching their backs and working to some self-imposed quota to show how inclusive they are. Do black actors feel tokenism involved, rather than over-due acknowledgement of their talent? But, hey, a job is a job. There was criticism when Helen Mirren was cast as Golda Meir in the new biopic about the Israeli leader. But as Mirren herself said, if only Jews can play Jews, “what about Jews playing non-Jews?” What about gay actors playing straight parts? What about disabled actors playing able-bodied characters? But mostly theatre people are a game lot, ready to go the extra mile and do whatever is asked of them. An actor I know, when just out of drama school and in his first substantial role, was rehearsing. “Could you be more Larry?”, said the director. “Larry, as in Olivier?” asked my friend excitedly, reaching for his inner theatrical knight. “No love, Larry as in Grayson,” came the reply. Honestly, it doesn’t half grate to have to refer to Emma (non-binary) Corrin as “they”. It’s annoying. And can someone tell me when it became a human right to pick your own pronouns? Apart from anything, words are meant to convey information not withhold it. In retaliation I’ve decided to pick my own adjectives. Unless I’m always described as “brilliant” or “beautiful” I’m going to complain to…well… someone in the strongest possible terms. I shall put this at the end of emails just so there is no doubt “best wishes Jennifer Selway (brilliant, beautiful)”. It could catch on. The fuss over this picture of King Charles shaking hands with Ursula von der Leyen, the president of the European Commission! You’d think he’d been snapped sharing a joke with Vladimir Putin. There was such huffing and puffing, such an outbreak of pomposity and know-all-ism. Much of it came from the miserabilists in the DUP such as Sammy Wilson, their chief whip, who warned that the meeting has put “the monarchy at risk”, is “a decision that the King will come to regret in the future” and puts him in “a very, very dangerous position”. Jacob Rees-Mogg purred that it was “constitutionally unwise to involve the King in a matter of immediate political controversy”. Yeah, yeah. And OK, it was a small symbolic moment. Symbolic of a flicker of hope in the Brexit fiasco. For that is what it has become. Why in the name of all that’s sensible has it has to take so long for a handful of democratic nations to reach a trade agreement, causing untold stress and hardship to any number of businesses large and small? But as for Charles’s meeting being “dangerous” or “constitutionally unwise”. Well phooey to that. Of course it isn’t. We’re not at war with the EU and in normal times a photograph of the British monarch shaking hands cordially with a Eurocrat would be so boring it wouldn’t even be worth printing. Thank goodness there’s, at last, a slim chance of normal service resuming, and if the King can get a handshake on that, then good. We’ve just had London Fashion Week (an event which seems to come round with alarming frequency) and assorted fashion weeks in New York and Milan. After a few years when plus-size, body-positive models were all the rage, there are now fresh concerns that rake-thin figures have made a comeback on the catwalks. It’s not the skinniness I mind so much as the glum expressions and the zombie walk. Would it hurt to crack a smile and put your shoulders back, dear? Grumping down the catwalk with a face that says you’ve just got a parking ticket isn’t my idea of glamour. Funny isn’t it? Here we are, a nation of inveterate salad dodgers with a massive obesity problem. Yet a temporary absence of limp lettuce in the middle of winter has us all frothing in fury and indignation. Get over it! Not once has a drop of Babycham passed my lips. But I can see that now I’m going to have to seek out a tiddly little bottle of the iconic drink with the sweet little fawn on its label and see what all the fuss is about. Maybe just the one though. The Showering family of Shepton Mallett in Somerset has regained control of the company. It says it is planning to market the bubblesome retro tipple (which was first introduced in 1953) to a new generation. Now that’s a nice thought – a long-established British family firm making a comeback. Babycham had never really gone away. It had just became jokily unfashionable. In the 1980s Saatchi and Saatchi produced an ad campaign which tried to show it was the preferred drink of cool girls. That didn’t make much headway. The Showering brothers claim that “if you were to put a Babycham and a Prosecco, or even a Champagne, side by side, there are an awful lot of people who would actually prefer the Babycham because it hasn’t got that dry rasp”. I’m afraid that doesn’t sell it to me because the dry rasp of Champagne is exactly what I like. One more thing to ponder. Has a man ever, in the history of boozing, asked for a Babycham in a pub – and got out alive?