Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been asked to "vacate" their UK home just weeks after Harry's damning book Spare was released, the couple has confirmed. A spokesperson for the couple said a "request" had been made for the Sussexes to give up Frogmore Cottage close to Windsor Castle. But royal commentator Rafe Heydel-Mankoo has warned Harry could lose a major royal title. Speaking to GB News, he said: "This is actually quite the masterstroke. The practical reality is that he's not only evicted from Frogmore. "From losing Frogmore, they've actually lost their royal roles constitutionally and potentially benefited from Britain. "If you lose Frogmore, Harry has now lost his domicile status in the UK and what means constitutionally is that he can no longer be a Counsellor of State. "A Counsellor of State is a very important constitutional role when the King is incapacitated or abroad, there are four senior royals who can fulfill certain functions of the King. READ MORE: Meghan Markle mocked for 'choosing the poor one' "Harry has been one of those Counsellors of State but without a UK domicile, he has been very publicly and ceremoniously stripped of that." It comes as the couple are facing mounting pressure to give up their royal titles following bombshell claims made against the Royal Family. Harry "backtracked" on his offer to give up his royal titles despite calls for him and Meghan Markle to to renounce their titles after making damaging accusations against the Royal Family. The Duke of Sussex claimed in his Netflix docuseries he previously told King Charles he and Meghan would be "willing to relinquish" their titles. Since then he rebuffed a question by 60 Minutes' Anderson Cooper on whether he would give up the title. Speaking to Us Weekly's Royally Us, royal expert Jonathan Sacerdoti said: "If Harry has any self-respect he should renounce his title himself. "The monarchy here isn't just a soap opera. It's not just a celebrity story, it's a fundamental part of the British constitution." DON'T MISS Meghan and Harry eviction just the start with 'new sheriff in town' [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Andrew 'resentful' after insulting Frogmore Cottage downgrade [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan ‘more punchline then rich’ expert says [VIDEO] He added: "Harry revealed that he suggested to the king, his father, that he would give up his and Meghan's titles anyway if they weren't able to live in Canada and still perform some royal duties but that obviously didn't work out for them. "Since then he has backtracked on that offer, the couple still use their titles, especially in commercial activities through which they make millions of dollars. "When he was asked recently if he would voluntarily give up the titles, he just snapped back and said what difference would that make." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews