Cate Blanchett is tonight tipped to become only the fifth actress ever to win three or more Oscars. However, the actress firmly has family on her mind after a "painful" time away from them. The 53-year-old recently spent months living apart from her loved ones while making psychological drama Tár. She filmed in Asia and Germany for more than two months for the role, which sees her play renowned musician Lydia Tár. Cate was without her husband, Andrew Upton, 57, who she wed in 1997, and their "extraordinary children". The couple share three boys, Dashiell, 21, Roman, 18, and Ignatius, 14, and adopted a newborn baby girl, Edith, in 2015. READ MORE: Star Trek's William Shatner says 'I don't have long to live' She has admitted that she "continually" thinks about early retirement, after landing her first acting job by chance back in 1990. According to the Daily Mirror, Cate said life was a "constant juggle between following your personal, professional passion and trying to serve your family". The A-lister continued: "My daughter was there in Berlin, but I was away from my husband and other three children for quite a while, so it was very painful." When asked about stepping back from her career, she confirmed it was firmly on her mind. "It’s not occasional – it’s continual," she stated. "On a daily or weekly basis, for sure. I just said no to a couple of things." "I think it’s time to be quiet," Cate added. Tonight the star could pick up her third Oscars for Tár at the 95th Academy Awards. Don't miss... Jonnie Irwin sets record straight on A Place in the Sun return [LATEST] Piers Morgan demands BBC suspend David Attenborough over Lineker row [ROW] Christian Horner relives awkward first meet with Spice Girl wife Geri [INTERVIEW] Cate is up against Andrea Riseborough for To Leslie, Everything Everywhere All at Once's Michelle Yeoh, Michelle Williams for The Fabelmans and Blonde star Ane de Armas. According to Oddschecker, the gong is a tight contest, with Michelle, 60, supposedly having a slight edge. Tár is also up for Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, Best Cinematography, Best Film Editing and Best Director. Cate first took home an Oscar back in 2005, for portraying Katharine Hepburn in The Aviator. And she again triumphed just nine years ago for her movie, Blue Jasmine. Cate also received nods for Elizabeth, Notes On A Scandal, I'm Not There, Elizabeth: The Golden Age and Carol. Tár director Todd Field wrote the role specifically for her, saying he wouldn't have made it without her. Cate later said the film was the most "all-consuming, life-affirming" one she’s ever been a part.