Sir Keir Starmer squirmed this morning as he was grilled for the first time on when he first approached senior civil servant Sue Gray to work for him. The Labour leader insisted there "was nothing in appropriate" in him making Gray his chief of staff but Tory MPs are demanding answers over whether the talks dated back to when she was investigating Boris Johnson and Partygate. In his weekly Monday morning interview with Sunday Express columnist and LBC presenter Nick Ferrari, Starmer refused to be drawn on when talks began, heightening suspicions of possible collusion during the Partygate probe. Mr Ferrari asked Sir Keir when he first approached Ms Gray and he answered: "I met her first when I director of public prosecutions, she was obviously a senior civil servant, I met a number of them. "I was really impressed with her. So I have known her personally since then." But trying to distance himself, he insisted: "She is not a friend. I don't mix socially with her. I am not in the same social circles or anything like that." He went on: "I know her personally in the sense if I saw her at a reception I would go over and have a discussion. "But I haven't had a discussion with her during the entire time she was doing her report." Asked again when he first approached her, Sir Keir deflected the question again. He said: "I have been on the look out for a chief of staff for a little while now, very clear what I wanted in that and obviously she will set out that. "But nothing improper at all." He said he had been on the look out since October 22 when Sam White his previous chief of staff left.  The Labour leader came under pressure just after Express.co.uk revealed that Tory MPs are demanding a Commons statement on the issue from the Prime Minister. The concernns go beyond her involvement in the Boris Johnson case but also her intimate knowledge of government plans and internal issues. Under the rules she should have told the Prime Minister she was having an interview with Starmer and also there question marks whether she could take up the chief of staff role with Labour for two years. Don't miss... Boris allies launch petition demanding Sue Gray's report is ditched [REACT] When Starmer met Sue... inside story of how civil servant was won over [INSIGHT] Furious MPs demand new probe after Sue Gray handed top Labour job [REVEAL] The whole issue has raised questions again about the impartiality of the civil service. One Tory MP told Express.co.uk: "The whole issue shows that we need to have a politicised civil service. In effect they are political but hiding it."