The mother of a girl who was shot in her own home wept in court as she told how she "couldn't keep her awake" following the fatal attack. Olivia Pratt-Korbel died after being shot in her home in Dovecot, Liverpool, after convicted burglar Joseph Nee, 36, barged into their house and Thomas Cashman, 34, allegedly opened fire. Jurors listened to a recorded video interview given to police by Cheryl Korbel when she relived the horrific events of last August. With her arm bandaged, Cheryl recalled the harrowing moments before and during the shooting. Cheryl told how she also thought she was going to lose her life as the events unfolded. Speaking in the ongoing trial of alleged gunman Cashman, she recalled how the first time she was aware her nine-year-old daughter was hurt was when “I heard the baby screaming”. She rushed to her daughter's side, but heartbreakingly told the court: “I couldn’t keep her awake", the Liverpool Echo reported. Describing how she'd asked Olivia's brother Ryan to help, Cheryl told jurors: “Ryan said to me ‘I can’t do this’, he started shouting ‘Liv Liv’. She went all floppy and her eyes went to the back of her head. “I realised she must have been hit, because I didn’t know until then and I lifted her top up. The bullet got her right in the middle of the chest.”   Cheryl had described “huddling over” Olivia after being unable to stop Nee bursting into the family home, during the mayhem which saw her struck in the hand by the same bullet that killed little Olivia.  The court heard that as she cradled her bleeding daughter, Olivia’s brother Ryan was at the top of the stairs and screamed at Nee. Cheryl continued: “I shouted to Ryan to come and help me get the baby up the stairs because I couldn’t lift her on my own. He come down and helped me get her. We got her onto the bend of the stairs, she was too heavy. Ryan had hold of her, because I had to stop. It was bleeding everywhere, I had to hold my arm. We were just screaming to get an ambulance. I said ‘love I can’t do this’. “I tried to move the baby again up to the top of the stairs. I heard the lad downstairs shouting ‘please lad don’t’.” The court heard that at this point there was another gunshot before both the two men fled. Turning to her own injury, a gunshot wound to the hand, Cheryl told jurors she thought she was “dying” on her journey to hospital, adding “everything was spinning”. She said: "I thought I was dying myself, I thought I was dying in the ambulance.” As the video interview was played to the court, Cheryl wiped away tears as did members of both Olivia’s and Cashman’s families.  The court previously heard that moments before she was shot, little Olivia ran down the stairs of the family home and said "mum, I'm scared". In the wake of the shooting, police called to the scene found Olivia with a gunshot wound, and one officer carried her out the house and took her “straight to hospital”. The policeman said could feel the faint beating of Olivia’s heart. Her eyes were open but her lips were blue The schoolgirl was taken to Alder Hey Children's Hospital, a very short distance away. She was declared dead at 11.24pm. Cheryl's testimony comes on the latest day of the trial of Cashman, who denies murdering Olivia and the attempted murder of Nee, as well as wounding Cheryl Korbel with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm. He has also pleaded not guilty to two counts of possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life, namely a 9mm calibre self-loading pistol and a 0.3 calibre revolver. The trial continues. 