Glam Girl Gabi is a hairstylist and influencer with almost 200,000 subscribers on YouTube. She took to the sharing platform to share a haircut which can instantly take years off a woman's age. The hairstylist started off by telling mature women they should go for a style they love, as it is a "decorative art form" and an "amazing form of self-expression". When it comes to hair there is no right or wrong, the individual just has to feel confident and fabulous. She said: "Just like there are no rules on how you should decorate your Christmas tree or how you should decorate your house, you do whatever the heck makes you feel happy and whatever you think looks good." That being said, not everyone has a go-to hairdo they know and love, so Gabi suggested one look for those who might be "stuck" for ideas. READ MORE: 57-year-old shares 'unreal' youthful transformation - pictures  Adding a fringe is a great way to take years off the face, according to Glam Girl Gabi. There are many transformative features of a fringe, including making the face look more petite and also having a botox effect on the forehead. She explained: "What a fringe does to a face is it makes it look smaller and it camouflages lines on the forehead." She continued that bangs will soften the look of any fine lines around the eye area - "if - and only if - cut properly". Don't miss... Mum 'nearly passes out' on flight due to meal mix up - claims [LATEST]  Harry is 'determined' to be a 'complete contrast' to other royal [EXCLUSIVE] Aldi recalls chocolate product - some customers should 'not eat' [SUPERMARKET] Gabi stressed how important it is that the hair is cut properly, so while many women are confident giving themselves a simple trim, bangs are best left to the professional. Doing it at home might feel easier and less expensive, but the anti-ageing benefits of bangs will only work if done the right way. What's great about a fringe is that it works with all types of hair cuts and types, whether it's short, long, straight, curly, blunt or layered. This means it isn't a huge change and women can still enjoy their own personal style while experimenting with bangs. READ MORE: 73-year-old model shares 'age defying beauty routine'  Gabi continued that bangs are not a one-size-fits-all and there are many different variations to suit individual preferences. Some women might opt for "airy and mostly see-through" fringes, which create a soft look. Others are more keen on a "denser" fringe that is swept to one side of the face. A "curtain fringe" opens up at the middle and gets significantly longer towards the sides of the face. This one is great for hiding crow's feet for any women a little insecure about this particular area. But the expert gave an important warning about the one type of fringe mature women should avoid. A fringe that is "too square and blunt" or "too short" may be "unflattering" for mature ladies. She explained that these types of bangs are like "arrows pointing towards the eyes" and may draw attention to lines or puffiness in the area. She concluded that most of her over 50s female clients prefer a "softer" cut but if women like this shorter, blunter look then "go for it". For those who aren't keen on bangs, Gabi also suggested mature women could look younger with a mid-length cut with long layers or a blunt bob.