Meghan Markle, 41, celebrated International Women's Day by visiting Harvest Home in Los Angeles, which provides great help to expecting mothers. The Duchess of Sussex wore all black for the occasion, but her jewellery was bright and gold. Meghan appeared to be wearing gold button earrings and a solid gold choker necklace. These earrings and the necklace look very similar to the jewellery worn by the late Princess Diana on a royal tour to Saudi Arabia in 1986. Many believe Diana's gold omega-style necklace is the same pendant as her gold necklace with a butterfly charm in the centre, however, with the butterfly charm removed. The Princess first wore the butterfly necklace in Canada on an earlier trip in 1986. But by the time she went to Saudi Arabia, the butterfly charm appeared to be removed from the pendant. Diana had a matching pair of butterfly earrings, made of yellow gold and set with diamonds and small dark blue gemstones. Meghan now owns the butterfly earrings, having first worn them during her 2018 tour to Australia. Therefore, it is equally likely that she could own the butterfly necklace that came with the earrings in a set, explaining why her necklace on Thursday looked very similar to Diana's. Don't miss... Princess Beatrice wears Beulah London dress like Kate - pictures [LATEST] Prince Edward designed Sophie Wessex's 'bold cross pendant' at wedding [STYLE] 'I tried a slice of Kate's wedding cake & I loved the brandy flavour' [FOOD] Meghan's gold button earrings on Thursday also look very similar to Diana's same earrings from that Saudi Arabia trip. The late Princess of Wales paired her gold jewels with a red and white patterned dress designed by Catherine Walker. Meghan, however, wore a SportMax crewneck jumper in black, which retails for $495, or roughly £414. The Duchess paired these with the MaxMara "Nerina" button-detailed crepe slim-leg trousers. Unfortunately, these are last season trousers so are no longer available for royal fans to buy. To accessorise, the Duchess wore her Maison Valentino Garavani Roman stud flats and her Rockstud sunglasses. She also carried a brand new Chanel clutch bag which looked very chic and elegant. Royal fan @britishroyalfamily64 wrote on Instagram: "Love this look on her!" Another fan, @franceszwei added: "Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex is the epitome of elegance, class and timeless chic. What a sophisticated look. She is stunningly gorgeous." Royal watcher @j.adams.bakowski wrote: "What a brilliant way to mix up an all-black outfit! Love the white and gold touches!" Instagram user @caiterinrose commented: "She rarely misses! I love her style. She always has a timeless feel about the way she presents herself." Finally, @luxmeagainpreloved said: "Love everything about this stunning outfit."