A crack team of British Special Forces soldiers has been leading a covert race against time to secure artillery rounds for Ukraine. Details of the operation are revealed just days after Ukraine Prescient Volodymyr Zelensky confirmed: “Artillery is the number one thing that we need. Both systems and ammunition - shells in large amounts." Under the plan, a group of 12 SAS soldiers accompanied by intelligence officers and FCDO officials have been scouring nations known to possess stocks of 122mm shells for Soviet-built Howitzers. Posing as arms buyers and carrying “substantial amounts of cash”, they have coordinated meetings with middle-men and fixers to secure the ordinance from the black market. Working in small groups of just two and three, the mission has taken them to countries ranging from Angola and Egypt to Jordan, Kazakhstan, and even Vietnam. Last night sources revealed at least one major tranche was recently secured much closer to home, in Europe, though they would not reveal which country. It follows the creation last year of a British task force to secure as many Soviet-built shells as possible. One method used middle-men, a Romanian broker and made no mention of Ukraine to buy shells from Pakistan’s government-owned Pakistan Ordnance Factories - originally founded in 1951 in collaboration with the British Royal Ordnance Factory, using British engineers. This led to the establishment of an unofficial air bridge which saw tens of thousands of shells carried by RAF transport planes from Pakistan's Nur Khan Air Base to Romania's Cluj International Airport. Results were said to be mixed, however, with at least one tranche of 40,000 shells reportedly not delivered. Suggestions that this was due to quality control issues could not be verified. With shortages becoming more acute, the effort was expanded to SAS teams in recent weeks. Using Special Forces in this role is not without precedent. In 2006, Britain embarked on the largest evacuation operation since Dunkirk, rescuing 3,500 British citizens from Lebanon as its war with Israel intensified. But before RAF helicopters could be deployed to pick up stranded individuals as part of Operation Highbrow, SAS soldiers were sent into Beirut with cash to secure all the surface-to-air missiles they could find, preventing them falling into hostile hands. “Our people have sources all over the world who will know if there is any ammo available and who to contact to strike a deal,” said one military source last night. “It is not always easy - it has been a scramble with many dead ends - but there have also been successes." Shortage of ordinance is one of Ukraine’s most pressing military problems, today, as it tries to hold the line while it awaited delivery of heavy armour with which to make its spring counteroffensive. While Britain, the US and other nations are feverishly trying to enable Ukrainian forces to adopt more mobile Nato tactics, the legacy of ordinance-heavy Soviet fighting has cost a high price on the number of shells and missiles fired. Ukraine fires around 100,000 per month while Russia, by contrast, has been firing an average of 23,000 artillery rounds every day - more than 600,000 a month -according to Nato's Supreme Allied Commander Europe, US Army Gen Christopher Cavoli. The US alone has provided more than a million modern artillery shells, but industry can produce less than a tenth of this in a year. While Nato has been providing more modern and accurate systems, a shortage of ordinance is affecting those, too. Ukrainian forces fire more missiles in one month than Nato nations can manufacture in a year. Last month Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned: “It is clear that we are in the race of logistics. Key capabilities like ammunition . . . must reach Ukraine before Russia can seize the initiative on the battlefield.” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said: "Artillery is the number one thing that we need. Both systems and ammunition - shells in large amounts." The war has caused some factories to reopen decades after closing their doors to producing Soviet ordinance. One such factory in Kostenets, near Sofia, is now producing 122mm shells for Ukraine. According to sources, the shells are being purchased by the US which has sent a team of specialists to ensure each shell produced goes to Ukraine. Last night Dr Marina Miron, of King's College London said: “Russia’s strategy now is to destroy Ukraine’s ability to fight by bleeding Nato of ammunition, in the same way that they, themselves, were bled in Afghanistan in 1979. “We must remember that Russia has switched to a wartime economy, so its factories are working around the clock in three shifts. Nato countries have not received this message yet. So, in terms of Soviet stocks. Russia has more." She added; “While finding 122mm shells to buy might seem like the answer, the problem with old stocks of shells is that they can degrade, particularly if they have been stored for decades in humid conditions in countries like Angola. “In some cases, they might pose a greater risk if deployed, especially considering the real possibility of collateral damage.”