The end of the tax year is fast approaching, and many savers are moving fast to cash in on annual ISA allowances before they lose them for good. However, interest rates have been fluctuating nearly week-on-week, making it key for people to keep an eye on the market to ensure they’re investing in the accounts offering the highest returns. Speaking on ITV’s The Money Show last night, Money Saving Expert Martin Lewis said: “You need to use your 2022/23 tax year ISA allowance by April 5 - the end of the tax year - or you lose it.” While there are currently no savings accounts offering an interest rate that exceeds the UK’s 10.1 percent inflation, fixed-term cash ISAs are typically known for offering some of the higher rates on the market. These accounts also come with additional benefits, such as enabling savers’ money to grow without having to pay tax on the interest above the Personal Savings Allowance (PSA). However, ISAs can come with a few more restrictions, like penalty charges for early access or transfers. It makes the account a better savings option for those who can put money away and keep it there without touching it for a few years. Here are the top 10 one-year fixed rate ISAs available right now, according to moneyfactscompare.co.uk’s Best Buys. READ MORE: New pension plans could give workers £40K retirement boost  Ranking top of the list of fixed rate ISAs with the highest interest rate is Virgin Money’s One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Exclusive (Issue 5) with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 4.25 percent. There is no minimum deposit required to open the account, but savers must have a current account with Virgin Money which was opened on or after December 4, 2019. Interest is calculated daily and paid at the end of the fixed term on March 29, 2024. Some or all of the money can be withdrawn during the fixed term, but it can't be put back in, and any amount paid into the account will count towards the person’s annual ISA allowance limit even if they later withdraw it. Savers will also be charged 60 days' interest on the amount taken out during the fixed term. Only one account can be opened per UK resident and they must be aged over 16. Savers with Virgin Money can also have access to special deals across the wider Virgin Group that can help people save everyday essentials, as well as days out and holidays.  Don't miss... Britons warned the ‘price of happiness’ in retirement is £145,833 [INSIGHT] Energy-efficient heating option could see you slash energy bills [EXPLAINED] State pension deadline extended [LATEST] Placing second is Shawbrook Bank’s One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA Bond (Issue 68) with an AER of 4.06 percent. The account requires a minimum deposit of £1,000 to open and interest is paid on the anniversary of the account opening. It can be opened and managed online and by phone, and further additions can be made while the issue remains open and transfers in from other cash ISAs or stocks and shares ISA providers are also accepted. Earlier access to funds and transfers out to other ISAs are permitted but are subject to a 90-day loss of interest penalty. Barclays One Year Flexible Cash ISA (Issue 36) places third with an AER of four percent. The account can be opened with just £1 and monthly and end-of-term interest payment options are available. READ MORE: Gen X face 'pensions black hole' as many undersave for retirement  End-of-term interest is compounded annually and added to the funds deposited in the ISA when it matures, while monthly interest can be paid into a Barclays account in the person’s name or held jointly with someone else. It can also be sent via cheque. Savers can also make three free withdrawals, each one of up to 10 percent of their current balance. In fourth place is Virgin Money’s One Year Fixed Rate Cash E-ISA (Issue 555) with an AER of 3.95 percent. The account requires a minimum deposit of £1 and annual interest is paid on August 5. Similar to Virgin Money’s Exclusive account, money can be withdrawn money but it cannot be put money back in. Any withdrawals made within the fixed rate period are subject to a charge equivalent to 60 days' loss of interest on the amount withdrawn. Gatehouse Bank’s 18 Month Fixed Term Woodland Cash ISA places fifth, paying an expected profit rate of 3.95 percent. Gatehouse Bank operates under Sharia principles, which means profit is earned instead of interest. And with a Woodland Saver, a new tree planted in UK woodland per bank account opened or renewed. The account requires a minimum deposit of £1,000 to open and interest is paid on the anniversary of doing so. Withdrawals will be subject to a reduction in profit of 135 days. Placing sixth is Close Brother’s Savings’ One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA with an AER of 3.95 percent. The account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £10,000 and interest is calculated daily and paid annually. Savers must be aged 18 years or over and a UK tax resident, and withdrawals will be subject to a penalty charge. UBL UK’s One Year Fixed Rate Cash ISA places seventh with an AER of 3.91 percent. The account requires a minimum deposit of £2,000 and interest can be paid monthly, quarterly, or annually. Early withdrawals in full (and no partial withdrawals) are allowed before the full term expires. However, there will be an early withdrawal charge of 90 days’ gross interest. Tesco Bank’s Fixed Rate Cash ISA comes eighth with an AER of 3.9 percent.  The account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £1 and interest is earned daily and paid into the account on the anniversary and at account closure. Withdrawals will also be subject to a charge of 90 days’ interest. Coventry Building Society’s Fixed Rate ISA (205) 31.05.2024 places ninth with an AER of 3.9 percent. The account can be opened with £1 and interest is calculated daily and paid annually at the end of May 31, or on the last day of every month. The account can be closed or transferred before May 31, 2024, but a charge equivalent to 120 days’ interest on the account balance will be applied. Finally, in tenth place is Skipton Building Society’s 18 Month Fixed Rate Cash ISA (Issue 204) with an AER of 3.9 percent. The account can be opened with a minimum deposit of £500 and savers can choose for interest to be paid annually or monthly. Partial withdrawals are permitted, but 90 days’ interest will be lost. 