Since Yellowstone first premiered in 2018, fans have remained enthralled by the Dutton’s complicated family dynamic, which is why many were heartbroken to learn about the series potentially coming to an end. Despite the rumours, Summer Higgins star Piper Perabo hit back with a cryptic response.   In March, Yellowstone sparked a major frenzy after news broke about Kevin Costner’s potential exit as John Dutton. As the actor has taken on roles away from the Paramount Network hit, many believed the patriarch’s departure would leave a major hole in the show. The rumours were fuelled by reports of Matthew McConaughey being in talks about leading an upcoming spin-off. As the cast and showrunners remain tight-lipped about Yellowstone season five, concerns continue to grow about the show’s future. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview   Although reports of the series ending with season five are yet to be confirmed, actress Piper Perabo addressed the rumours. She hinted: “I mean, there's always a lot of drama when it comes to Yellowstone, don't believe everything you hear. “Taylor Sheridan knows to play it really close to the vest, and I know better than to speak outside the ranch. “But I'm excited to see what happens next,” Piper added to Entertainment Tonight.    As well as the end of Yellowstone, it has also been reported the show could continue without Costner. As the western has yet to be renewed for season six, sources close to the show revealed bosses were trying to persuade Costner to reprise his role as the beloved rancher. As Costner has yet to sign on for a potential sixth season, it has been reported by Deadline that the show’s creator Taylor Sheridan grew frustrated with the actor’s commitment to other projects. With Costner’s departure becoming a major possibility, a source disclosed his character is being written out with a similar exit as the 1972 classic, The Godfather. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice star details private conversation with Lord Sugar [INSIGHT]Yellowstone fans baffled as 1923 opens up dubious Rip Wheeler feature [REACTION]1923 finale teases Spencer and Alexandra ‘lost at sea’ [INSIGHT]     The insider revealed: “Taylor has always made it clear that this show should mirror the emotional power of The Godfather, with seismic exits and storylines.” According to The US Sun: “Kevin loves that idea too. “The key scenes in the show start filming again in April and only Taylor knows what the finale will be. The source warned: “He can change anything in the script at the last moment.  “But currently there is an acceptance that the time Kevin has left on screen is much less than what he has already filmed.” A Paramount spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come. “Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. “Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner.”  Yellowstone season 5 returns in the summer of 2023 on the Paramount Network in the USA and Paramount+ in the UK. 