Christian Horner has refused to write off Lewis Hamilton and George Russell despite Mercedes’ struggles at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Horner accepted the Silver Arrows could still find form after they picked up at the end of last year to secure a race win.  Mercedes were the fourth-fastest team in Sakhir behind Red Bull, Ferrari and Aston Martin. Horner said: “Look, it can change very quickly. Look at last year how things turned around. “Mercedes came from a long way back and they had a winning car at the end of the year with that concept." Hamilton finished P5 in the season-opening race while team-mate Russell was down in seventh. The pair were embroiled in a battle with Aston Martin’s Fernando Alonso throughout the Grand Prix but were unable to hold off the Spaniard who picked up the final podium place. The result is actually worse than their result 12 months ago when Hamilton secured P3. READ MORE: Fernando Alonso has Lewis Hamilton wish after Bahrain podium   On Saturday, Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff accepted the German manufacturer had taken the wrong direction over their car design. He explained: "I don't think that this package is going to be competitive eventually. "We gave it our best go over the winter and now we all just need to regroup, sit down with the engineers, be totally non-dogmatic and ask what is the development direction we want to pursue in order to be able to win races. “We hit our targets. That's why I say we gave it our best shot. But the moment comes when the stopwatch comes out and that showed us that we are not good enough.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton branded a 'kiss a**' after Toto Wolff confession [COMMENT]FIA blamed for fresh Lewis Hamilton setback in Nico Rosberg fear [INSIGHT]Hamilton cautioned on 'not realistic' F1 goals as Wolff fears worst [ANALYSIS] Red Bull dominated proceedings with Max Verstappen cruising to victory in race one. Sergio Perez was unable to match his team-mate but was still able to secure a one-two finish for the team. He added: “It’s been an incredible weekend, The race pace, we biased the car towards the race. The drivers were just fantastic today. Our crew did their job. We were able to make the soft tyres work for us. "The degradation seemed less than the others and that then gives you options. Checo losing out at the start he had a bit of work to do with Charles [Leclerc] and he got the pass done and then it was about managing the race until the end.” 