Gabriel Jesus is closing in on a return to Arsenal first-team action. But the Brazilian's presence in the Gunners squad will only give Mikel Arteta a selection headache over five players. Jesus has not played since suffering a knee injury for Brazil in their final group game at the World Cup in Qatar in December. He underwent surgery soon after and has been undergoing his rehabilitation at Arsenal's London Colney training ground. Arteta has always remained tight-lipped on when the striker will return. Jesus has been pictured out on the training field to ramp up speculation he could soon pull on a Gunners jersey again. But Arteta will have to leave out a senior player from his match-day squad once he is back. Express Sport looks at five players who could suffer once Jesus is in contention again. READ MORE: Jesus could be back in perfect timing for Arsenal ahead of six-game run  Kieran Tierney Tierney has fallen down the pecking order at left-back this season. He has made just four Premier League starts following Oleksandr Zinchenko's arrival. Takehiro Tomiyasu can cover at both right-back and left-back. Therefore Tierney may not be needed as much so could face getting the chop on a match day. Jakub Kiwior Kiwior is yet to make his debut since arriving from Spezia in January. He is likely to be given a chance in the upcoming Europa League tie against Sporting Lisbon. But Arsenal don't necessarily need two centre-backs on the bench. He may have to wait to feature in the top flight. DON'T MISSArsenal and Man Utd to lose out on £100m transfer as Man City have trump cardChelsea have world-class manager to appoint who wants job 'ASAP' if Potter sackedMan Utd may target 'monster' centre-back as Maguire replacement in 'convenient' deal  Rob Holding Holding is the second backup centre-back for Arteta. It could be him who misses out instead of Kiwior. However, he is often called upon to help see out a game. He has made seven substitute appearances in the league this season totalling just 17 minutes. Leandro Trossard January signing Trossard has been preferred up top in the last two matches. But Jesus would come straight in once he is fully fit. Gabriel Martinelli's return to form means his place in the side is safe for now. Trossard has a fight on his hands to maintain a regular spot.  Eddie Nketiah Nketiah has already lost his starting spot to Trossard. Jesus' return will only make it harder for him to get into the XI. He may also become the second-choice substitute behind Trossard to come on for Jesus. Nketiah's dip in performances looks set to cost him.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here