Christian Horner has claimed not signing Lewis Hamilton or Jenson Button made the team a “public enemy”. The Red Bull boss said not having a British driver behind the wheel was a ”disadvantage” to securing support. Horner made the admission when pushed on why he has developed a super-villain-like status in F1. Max Verstappen and Red Bull’s controversial 2021 title win was questioned by fans in the UK. Supporters also hit out at the team when news of their budget cap breach was made public at the end of last season. Horner told The Times: “It’s a disadvantage that over the recent years we’ve never had a British driver. That makes you the public enemy when you are going up against a Jenson [Button] or a Lewis [Hamilton].” Red Bull had German driver Sebastian Vettel winning races as Hamilton and Button were partnered at McLaren. Meanwhile, Verstappen has been the lead star for the team at a time when British fans are cheering on Hamilton and George Russell at Mercedes. READ MORE: Norris 'overwhelmed' says Verstappen as he talks 'best friend in F1' Hamilton and Verstappen’s titanic duel in 2021, including their huge accident at the British Grand Prix, has only entrenched viewpoints further. However, Horner suggested he would not change his stance simply to pander to the needs of fans. He added: “You are not going to change who you are. I am not going to change [my] personality to suit a narrative. I am who I am, I am comfortable in my own skin. I sleep well at night. People either like me or they don’t. That’s not going to change my life. “So long as my family love me and I haven’t said anything that embarrasses my mother, I’m fine with that.” Red Bull dominated the opposition last season with Verstappen taking 15 race wins to set a new record. DON'T MISSChristian Horner copying Sir Alex Ferguson tactics to 'wind up' Wolff [INSIGHT]Verstappen on 'tough relationship' with Leclerc which saw pair clash  [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton may have ruled out hopes of challenging Max Verstappen [COMMENT] The Dutchman wrapped up the title four races early as big manufacturers like Ferrari and Mercedes faltered. The team looks set to compete at the sharp end in 2023 after enjoying a trouble-free test ahead of the opening Grand Prix of the season. But, Horner has stressed he is still shocked at the team's ability to battle at the front with the bigger names. He explained: “It does sit a little uneasy that the subsidiary of an energy drinks company can come in and do what we’ve done.”