Wrexham’s Hollywood owner Rob McElhenney has admitted he had football all wrong after defender Jordan Tunnicliffe suffered a nasty heady injury. The centre-back was forced off in the first half of their 1-0 win against Southend United at the Racecourse Ground on Saturday as he was left needing stitches for a gash. Despite Tunnicliffe’s temporary absence, National League leaders Wrexham carried on with ten men. And Tunnicliffe then returned to the action with a massive bandage wrapped around his head. Tunnicliffe re-entering play made Wrexham co-owner McElhenney admit that his perception of football being a “soft” sport was wrong. McElhenney took to Twitter to praise hard man Tunnicliffe. The American actor, who owns Wrexham alongside fellow Hollywood star Ryan Reynolds, said: “Before I understood football, I thought it was a 'soft' sport. I was wrong. THIS is a football player @JordanTunny." JUST INLineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [LATEST] Tunnicliffe replied to the It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia star, joking about the Hollywood star's local NFL team. He wrote: "Thanks, need a helmet like the @Eagles." The 29-year-old defender, who was brought in as a free agent from Crawley Town last summer, has played a huge part in Wrexham’s success. They've yet to lose with him in the side this season and he himself has chipped in with two goals in those 23 National League appearances. Wrexham are in a strong position to win promotion to the Football League this season. After 37 games played, the Welsh club have 91 points and are four points clear of rivals Notts County with nine games left to play. Don't miss... Thomas Partey magic shows Arsenal are ready to claim title [SPOTTED]Arsenal's clock celebration after Fulham win explained amid fan theory [LATEST]Ronaldo shamed by Suarez, contract U-turn and bottle-kick fiasco [ANALYSIS] The non-league side have also taken on two Championship sides this season in the FA Cup and put on a good show. They beat Coventry 4-3 in the Third Round with the second-tier side having a man sent off. Wrexham then welcomed Sheffield United to the Racecourse Ground for an FA Cup Fourth Round tie and managed to take the game to a replay following a 3-3 draw which saw Blades defender John Egan net a late equaliser. However, a trip to Bramall Lane saw Sheffield United run out 3-1 winners with Billy Sharp and Sander Berge netting in stoppage time.