Joe Biden had “cancerous” tissue removed from his chest during his physical in February. The President had basal cell carcinoma, which was found by Dr. Kevin O'Connor and removed. The doctor said: “The biopsy confirmed that the small lesion was basal cell carcinoma. “All cancerous tissue was successfully removed. No further treatment is required.” O’Connor said the site of the removal on Biden’s chest has “healed nicely” and the president will continue regular skin screenings as part of his routine health plan. After the physical on February 16, Biden was deemed by O’Connor to be “healthy, vigorous” and “fit ” to handle his White House responsibilities. Biden had “several localised non-melanoma skin cancers” removed from his body before he started his presidency, the doctor added, Basal cells are among the most common and easily treated forms of cancer — especially when caught early. O’Connor said they don’t tend to spread like other cancers, but could grow in size, which is why they are removed. READ MORE: Alex Murdaugh handed two life sentences for killing wife and son First lady Jill Biden in January had two basal cell lesions removed from her right eye and chest. She said in an Associated Press interview last week that she’s now “extra careful” about sunscreen, especially when she’s at the beach. However, the President didn't receive a cognitive test despite some calls from Republicans for him to receive one. Biden is already the oldest president in US history, and if he wins another term would be 82 at the time of his second inauguration. Biden has said “concerns over my health are totally legitimate”, but repeatedly tells his detractors “watch me”. Recently the President told ABC News: “No (my age won’t stop me running for President again). But it’s legitimate for people to raise issues about my age. “It’s totally legitimate to do that. And the only thing I can say is watch me.” Dr Janette Nesheiwat, a family and emergency medical professional, noted that O’Connor missed out on the details of his mental status. She questioned on Fox News how Biden performed in his “mini mental status exam”, and saidL “How did he do on that? What was his score? I would like to know." “Physical mental emotional health is all as equally important.” Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews