As the female incarnation of the Doctor Who’s nemesis the Master, Michelle Gomez created an iconic character in Missy. However, she has revealed she was initially offered a different role which she was forced to turn down. Speaking at Dublin Comic Con on Sunday she told fans in the audience how her time on the sci-fi show could have been very different and how a fateful letter to showrunner Steven Moffat changed her life. “I was I was offered another role on Doctor Who, but I was doing something else at the time, and I was absolutely gutted,” Michelle detailed. “So, I wrote to (showrunner) Steven Moffat, and I was really apologetic that I wasn't available physically, because I don’t have a TARDIS. “And I was like, ‘if you ever need a high cheek boned, blue eyed villain, I'm your man’.” Revealing his response, she said: “He was like ‘It’s funny that you should say that. How about you play the Master?’ READ MORE: Dancing on Ice fans blast 'fuming' Vanessa Bauer as Joey Essex loses “I said that part is a male role and he was like, ‘It’s not now.’” The character arrived in the show shrouded in secrecy in season eight as a foil to Peter Capaldi’s incarnation of The Doctor. However, the fact she was actually his old foe in feminine form was a closely guarded secret and Michelle confessed she was sworn to secrecy. “I had a year of the Mona Lisa smile because I had the secret, where I really wanted to tell everybody,” she laughed. “I didn’t tell anybody. I told my husband Jack (Davenport) and obviously my agent knew but that was it. “I’m such a nerd at heart as well. I’m such a Doctor Who fan, and I would be so gutted to have that you know… “Anticipation is such an exciting, wonderful thing that we don’t get much of now, so I didn’t want to rob the fans of that. “It was such a huge storyline it was such a big reveal I wanted it to have that massive impact, and not sort of just tweet it away.” DON'T MISS: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBoseBrendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback Asked if she could reveal the part she was originally approached about, Michelle said she couldn’t. However she did confess she was glad she couldn’t play it or she couldn’t have played Missy. She has become an iconic character in the show, which celebrates its 60th anniversary this year and Michelle claims that is partly thanks to the writing. “I owe all of that comfortability to Steven Moffat because he knew my voice and he wrote to my strengths so I got to be as good as I could be and as relaxed as I could be. “Because it was as close as the little minx that’s inside me, because we all have that little minx inside all of us. “And so he really brought that out on the page so I could feel free. Really relaxed and free.” Previous series of Doctor Who are available on the BBC iPlayer. The 60th Anniversary specials will air later this year.