Prince Harry and Meghan Markle hoped Buckingam Palace would "jump the gun" and announce Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet Diana's royal titles before they did, a royal expert has said. The Sussexes revealed their daughter was a princess in a statement about her christening in Los Angeles. Princess Lilibet Diana and Prince Archie were handed royal titles when Her Late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II died in September last year and King Charles III became king. But before the announcement on Lilibet's christening, the pair had not been officially recognised by their official titles. Shortly after the announcement, Buckingham Palace update its website to include Princess Lilibet and Prince Archie's proper titles. Ingrid Seward, the editor in chief of Majesty magazine, told the Mirror that the Sussexes were likely hoping that the Palace would try and beat them to the announcement. She said: "How interesting they waited six months to do this. They were hoping the Palace would jump the gun and announce it before they did. No such luck. "Buckingham Palace left their website intact and allowed the Sussexes to make the move themselves so they couldn’t complain. "It is so much easier to do things in the traditional style. Edward knew he was going to get the title as his late father had requested, he should." The royal commentator added that King Charles had "bided his time" until the moment was right for Edward's ennoblement. She said acting sooner "might have been too close to the late Queen's death" and argued that "no one is going to push the traditions of the monarchy side". Don't miss... Princess Diana's go-to McDonalds order laid bare by ex-butler [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan eviction 'not a good move' as PR nightmare looms [LATEST] Prince Harry playing 'dangerous game' to reinvent Sussex image in US [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan are said to be fuming as King Charles reportedly won't allow Lilibet and Archie to have full HRH titles. The Duke and Duchess were previously told they would not be able to style themselves and His and Her Royal Highness after stepping down from duties in 2020. Sources told The Sun that the couple were "furious" about the ban being extended to their children after "tense negotiations" with the Palace. A source told the newspaper: "That is the agreement — they can be prince and princess but not HRH because they are not working royals."