Kylian Mbappe and Lionel Messi could potentially ruin Manchester United’s chances of signing Victor Osimhen with the uncertainty over their futures meaning PSG are considering signing the Napoli star as their replacement. The Nigerian is said to be Erik ten Hag’s top striker target alongside Harry Kane but they may face competition for his signature. Osimhen has been one of the stand-out players in European football this season after his talismanic displays helped Napoli go 15 points clear at the top of the Serie A. The 24-year-old has netted 19 goals in 21 league games, with only Erling Haaland finding the net more frequently across Europe’s top five divisions. Naturally, this has caught the attention of some of the biggest clubs on the planet and United have been one of the clubs most heavily linked. Ten Hag is widely reported to have made him one of his top targets alongside Kane as the Red Devils target a new No 9 for next season. However, PSG could throw a spanner in the works after Calcio Mercato reported that they are also interested. Mbappe and Messi’s futures are currently the subject of speculation following another disappointingly early exit from the Champions League and Osimhen could be a potential replacement. Must read... Man Utd takeover hopeful Sheikh Jassim 'could ditch bid' [LATEST] Osimhen is likely to come with a considerable transfer fee for any interested parties with a price of £133million touted. This may not be enough to deter potential suitors given the obvious goal threat that he would bring to the side. Osimhen has personally admitted that he would like a move to the Premier League in the future in what could be a boost for Ten Hag and United. The Nigerian has already featured in Ligue 1 with Lille so the fresh challenge of England could have even stronger appeal. Don't miss... Man Utd star Rashford shot down after 'impossible' Liverpool defence [ANALYSIS] Man Utd ignoring Paul Scholes' Diogo Dalot 'problem' warning [LATEST] Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement [GOSSIP] "I think playing in one of the top five leagues in the world is an amazing feeling for me," he said after being named 'Best Foreign Athlete of the Year' by the Italian Foreign Press Association. "A lot of people worldwide consider the Premier League as the best and the strongest league but now I'm in one of the best leagues in the world which is the Italian Serie A. "I'm working so hard to make sure that I achieve my dream of playing in the Premier League someday but like I said, it's a process and I just want to keep on this momentum and continue to do well."