Richard, 41, is an avid hiker, and so was his mum, Rhianydd Walker. Originally from south Wales but settling in Cheshire to found the Iceland empire and raise her children, Rhianydd and her husband would often take Richard out for walks up the nearby Snowdonia mountains. But Rhianydd “had her own adventures too”, including a sailing expedition across the Atlantic.    When Richard and his father, Malcolm, set out to climb Everest in 2011, it was part of the Iceland Everest Expedition with a group of Richard’s colleagues to fundraise towards research into Alzheimer’s Disease. Rhianydd had been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer’s a year earlier, at 64 years old. But Richard recalled that she “hadn’t been quite right” since she was 60. Although most of the group reached the summit, Richard and his dad were forced to turn back at the mountain’s North Col, a point just over 7,000m above sea level. Everest’s highest point is 8,849m tall. Malcolm, who was 65 at the time, had “reached his physical limit” and Richard felt “it was right to accompany him and go home”. READ MORE: Mum hits back at backlash after she said her son goes to bed at 4:30pm The group raised £1million at the time, and Richard wants to achieve the same again this year. His Just Giving page has been open for just over a week, and it has already received around £240,000. “We’re well on track,” Richard told Express.co.uk. But this time, the Iceland boss’ expedition will be slightly different. First of all, he is raising money towards the world’s first Rare Dementia Centre, which is being built in London. The centre will not only support those with different types of Dementias, but their families too. This is important to Richard. “I want to raise awareness of rare Dementias, but also the struggles that not just the sufferers have, but the families too,” he said. “And why it's so important to have a sort of community and hub where people can get support and access to what they need.” Richard revealed that he knew “nothing really” of Alzeheimer’s and Dementia when his mother became ill back in 2010. DON'T MISS: Princess Mette-Marit of Norway pairs Zara coat with gold earrings [STYLE] Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh turns heads in favourite coat [ROYAL FAMILY] Meghan is 'effortless' in all black look in California [MEGHAN MARKLE] He stressed that it’s “not just someone getting more and more forgetful”. “It’s really a sort of hollowing out of their sense of self and a loss of the person,” he said. “So it's a very sad disease, very cruel disease.” Richard added “it's so important that we take Dementia seriously because there’s over a million people who will be suffering from it in the UK”. He continued: “It comes at an extraordinary cost - a great personal cost. And I know that because of the huge impact that has had on our family. But of course, it comes at a great economic cost too - to the economy. “We’re at war with cancer; we’re at war with AIDS, and breakthroughs have happened. But we’re not quite there yet with Alzheimer’s.” As an ambassador for Alzheimer’s UK, Richard said that he has received many touching messages from people across the country telling him about their family members who have the disease. “It’s a pandemic,” he added. Richard went on to note how caring for someone with a long-term illness can impact one’s mental health. That’s why it is important for carers to look after their own health too, and to remember to spend some time outside, to do exercise. Richard’s Everest climb will hopefully encourage others to challenge themselves too - however big or small that challenge. Although the Iceland Chairman has been training - from climbing a sea stack off the coast of Orkney to summiting a never-before-ascended mountain in Kyrgyzstan, which he named Peak Rhianydd after his mother - Richard is a little nervous about his upcoming challenge. He said: “I am nervous - it’s Everest. It’s a huge undertaking, and you have to take it seriously. And you can't underestimate it. It’s a very serious business. “Problems can happen very quickly, and many people die every year - above 8000 metres is known as the death zone.” Nonetheless, Richard said he feels ready. And, after all, he’s in good hands. The 41-year-old will be climbing the mountain with his close friend, Kenton Cool. A world-leading mountaineer, Kenton has summited Everest a huge 16 times - more than any other hiker, excluding Sherpas. Last time, Richard was away with his father for three months. This time, it will only be three weeks. “We’ll be climbing fast and light, and I’m with the best guy in the business,” he said. “So fingers crossed.” Richard will, no doubt, be thinking of his mother when he reaches the top. But he will only be allowing himself to relax when he returns to Base Camp. “Eighty percent of accidents actually happen on the descent,” he said. “But once we’re back down, I’ll be celebrating. It will be very emotional. That’s for sure.” Richard and Kenton will fly out to Kathmandu on April 17, and hope to reach Everest’s summit in early May. To find out more and donate, visit https://coolwalkereverest.com/.