Daniil Medvedev threatened to “pee slowly” during a mid-match bathroom break as he rowed with the umpire at the Indian Wells on Sunday. Medvedev continued his winning streak in California as he defeated Ilya Ivashka 6-2 3-6 6-1 in the third round of the tournament. Must read... Alcaraz has 'dangerous' element which rival has warned Djokovic about [LATEST] Medvedev was in imperious form during the early stages of his encounter with Ivashka as he broke his opponent twice on his way to winning the first set. And the former world No 1 appeared to be cruising to victory when he broke Ivashka’s serve once again in the opening game of the second set. But the world No 85 immediately broke back and ended up taking the second set to take the match into a decider. Medvedev was clearly struggling with the pace of the court in California - and his frustrations boiled over as he spoke to umpire Mohamed Lahyani at the end of the second set. “I’m gonna pee as slow as this court is,” hissed the Russian. “So you can take 25 minutes. The court is slow so I go slow, I take my time.” Lahyani replied: “You have to accept this, you’re professional.” But Medvedev hit back: “I don’t accept this. They say on the fact sheet this is hard courts. This is not hard courts.”  Don't miss... Emma Raducanu survives injury scare to upset Linette in Indian Wells [LATEST] Emma Raducanu provides perfect answer after question about black cats [REACTION] Cam Norrie name-drops Murray as he replicates epic comeback heroics [NAME-DROP] Medvedev ultimately dismantled Ivashka in the third set to set up a fourth round showdown with Alexander Zverev, who overcame Emil Ruusuvuori 7-5 1-6 7-5. And after the match Medvedev said: “[In the] second set I don’t feel like I was playing bad. It’s just that you hit 10 good shots in the rally and it could be not enough. That’s tough.” Zverev returned to the court at the end of 2022 after sustaining a horror injury during his semi-final clash with Rafael Nadal at last year’s French Open. And the German reached the semi-finals of the Dubai Tennis Championship earlier this month. But Medvedev will fancy his chances of beating the 2020 US Open runner-up. And ahead of the fourth round showdown, Medvedev added: “I think our match could be a lot of rallies. Let’s see. It’s going to be interesting. “I feel like he’s playing better and better, which is normal after a tough injury. He’s someone who was one of the best players on Tour, going kind of close to world No 1, started playing better and better in Grand Slams. His injury was unfortunate but I’m sure he’s going to come back. Hopefully next match I can be the winner and I can play some good tennis.” 