Manchester United’s legendary manager Sir Alex Ferguson made it clear to Gabriel Heinze that there was no chance he would sanction the Argentine’s sale to Liverpool due to the two clubs’ intense rivalry in 2007. Phil Chisnall in 1964 was the last player to directly swap Old Trafford for Anfield and the Scottish boss was intent on keeping it that way, despite Heinze’s protests. Heinze spent three years at United after moving from Paris Saint-Germain in 2004, winning the Premier League in his final campaign before pushing for a move to Liverpool. However, Ferguson would not begin to entertain the idea of potentially aiding the Red Devils’ arch-rivals. “Gabriel was told, with no ambiguity, that historically Manchester United do not sell players to Liverpool, and vice-versa,” Ferguson wrote in his autobiography. The defender had grown frustrated at his lack of game-time having returned from a serious injury while Patrice Evra had replaced him as the club’s first-choice left-back. Ferguson had been impressed with Heinze’s no-nonsense approach and even suggested that he would tackle a member of his own family. “Ruthless, would kick his own granny,” Ferguson added before explaining the situation regarding Heinze’s exit from the club. “After one year he wanted to leave. We were playing Villarreal when his agent came to see me. Things were never the same after that. The following day he injured his cruciate. When he returned to action during the 2006/07 season he wanted new terms on a new contract.” Before moving on to Real Madrid he attempted to engineer a move to Liverpool, as Heinze knew that the Reds admired him. “It’s clear he’s a player we like and he’s a very good player,” Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez said at the time. “That’s the reason why they don’t want him to leave for us. We made an offer which they rejected. The lawyers are now working on it and so we have to wait.” DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes After United made it clear that they would not directly sell to Liverpool, there were rumours that Crystal Palace would be paid £1million in compensation if they bought Heinze and then immediately sold him to Liverpool, but no such deal materialised and the Argentinian was denied a Liverpool transfer. Reflecting on his desire to move to Liverpool, Heinze admitted that he hoped that it did not tarnish his reputation with United fans. “I spent three years in Manchester and had some great moments and I regret it [leaving the club] a lot,” Heinze said. “There are a lot of things I regret from the last months but I am a strong personality, Sir Alex is a strong personality. I took the decision and, looking back, I regret it because it meant leaving a great club and their supporters. I was aware of the rivalry [with Liverpool], I knew the risk of going from Manchester to Liverpool and what it means. I hope it doesn’t tarnish the way they [the supporters] see me and they will remember the three years I had in the team.”