After entering rehab earlier in 1000lb Sisters season four, Tammy finally received the news she’d reached her weight loss goal and was approved for surgery in Tuesday’s episode. And after the surgery was successful, much to the relief of sister Amy, Tammy’s new lease of life has left her questioning where to go from here - and it sounds like starting a family could be on the cards. Tammy emerged from the operating table alive and well but acknowledged there was still some way to go in her recovery bid. While the likes of Amy and Chris Combs outlined their hopes for Tammy going forward, the newly loved-up star had plans of her own She told the cameras: “I’ve missed so much and I’m excited to have a new chance on life.” And Tammy went one step further, suggesting to her family: “Who knows, I could have a kid.” READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Of course, Tammy’s family were slightly apprehensive at the admission given she’d only just received weight loss surgery. After all, Amy and the rest of the Slaton clan weren’t exactly overjoyed when Tammy announced she’d gotten engaged to Caleb Willingham during her rehab stint. But after her family members put her on the spot about it, Tammy repeated: “I said, who knows, one day I might have a kid.” However, it wasn’t just her surgery which appears to have given Tammy the desire to start a family. She explained in the episode her sister Amy influenced her after bringing up children Gage and Glenn. “I’ve been saying, I don’t want kids, I don’t want kids,” Tammy insisted. “I don’t know, just something changed. “I’ve been seeing Amy with Gage and Glenn. So, I’ve been thinking about it. “Nothing’s written in stone. I don’t even know if I can have kids. But, who knows.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters fans outraged by Tammy Slaton’s ‘selfish’ rehab demands1000lb Sisters fans fear for Amy's son after 'concerning' detail Amy Slaton admits she's still 'smiling' in new weight loss snaps Tammy then teased: “Maybe there will be a little Tammy running around one day. I don’t know if the world is ready for that.” The Slaton sisters’ families have been rocked in recent weeks however when it was reported Amy had split from her husband, Michael Halterman. A show insider told The US Sun last month: “Amy says Michael is lazy and has been jealous of her attention toward the kids. "They've been having trouble since last year,” they added. Amy and Michael share two children together and tied the knot back in March 2019. Amy is yet to publicly address the split but appeared to snub Michael in one of her latest Instagram posts. After sharing a snap of baby Glenn, Amy failed to include Michael in the caption which read: ”Happy 8 months baby. Mama and gage and everyone love u baby!!!!” (sic) 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.