 Waspi campaigners are battling on behalf of 3.6million women born in the 1950s were hit by government moves to bring their retirement age into line with men. Previously, men got their state pension at 65 and women at 60. Everyone now retires at 66 and that will start climbing to 67 from 2026. Waspi women claim they did not get sufficient notice of the change, set out in the 1995 Pensions Act, and have demanded compensation. The Parliamentary & Health Service Ombudsman, which has been reviewing their case, appeared to be taking a favourable view of their arguments. In June 2021, it accused the Department for Work & Pensions of “maladministration” in the first of its three-part investigation. It said the DWP should have written individual letters to affected women 28 months before it finally sent them out. The second stage of the Ombudsman investigation was completed in December 2022. This repeated its view that the DWP was guilty of maladministration, but added that it “did not lead to all the injustices claimed”. This severely limits the compensation that can be recommended in its final report, which is due imminently. Its conclusions are binding and campaigners have decided to challenge the Ombudsman before its ruling is published. On Wednesday, the Women Against State Pension Inequality (Waspi) campaign filed papers for a judicial review case against the Ombudsman itself.    Chair and director of finance Angela Madden said 1950s-born women were left in ignorance of the impact the Pensions Act 1995 until it was too late to do anything meaningful about it. “We have been let down very badly.” She insisted that Waspi women “are the victims of maladministration on a massive, wholly unprecedented, scale and which began as long ago as 2005”. The DWP did not challenge the Ombudsman's “maladministration” conclusion, which was “heartening” for Waspi campaigners. Yet the Stage 2 report led to “profound disappointment”, Madden said. “It felt that we were right back where we started, with our experiences disbelieved and the injustices we have suffered inexplicably being decoupled from the maladministration that was their cause. “We have read and reread the Ombudsman’s reasons for taking the approach he has to injustice and we simply cannot understand it.” Madden called the Ombudsman’s draft report “a catalogue of errors”, which has left Waspi women furious. Although Waspi women "by definition" are not well-off she said "we are having to ask people to visit our Crowdjustice page and to dig deep with any donation they can afford so we can keep the fight for justice alive". Madden acknowledged that the High Court’s role is limited in this case. “It is there to ensure the Ombudsman is put back on track if he has become derailed legally. We believe he has been and that he must think again about the injustices we have experienced.” Madden remains confident that their trust in the Ombudsman will be fulfilled and he is "capable of identifying the injustices we have suffered and the appropriate remedy for them". Waspi set a fundraising target of £100,000 by 7pm on March 24. With 21 days to go it has already gathered £81,305. Further pledges can be made via CrowdJustice. It is confident of hitting its initial target and has now launched its legal challenge. READ MORE: ‘Furious’ WASPI women ‘dig deep’ for new challenge    Its legal challenge has won the backing of a fellow campaign group, the Women Against State Pension Injustice Campaign 2018. The two main Waspi campaigns are united in the belief that a judicial review is the only way to get justice for 1950s women. Waspi 2018 chair Hilary Simpson said it fully supported this legal action. “This is for the financial (and other) consequences of not being properly and promptly informed about the changes to the state pension age - not for the loss of the pension itself.” Simpson said compensation should reflect the consequences of this failure. “It also needs to be simple to understand and administer without requiring women to make complex claims.” Madden said when the Government increased the state pension age by up to six years without proper notice, women's retirement plans were shattered, leaving them "disempowered and vulnerable". "Years on, we are still seeking justice. Now we must seek it from the High Court.”  