The UK has plenty of incredible staycation destinations but there’s something particularly special about the south-west coast. However, a break on Cornwall or Devon’s stunning coastline can come at a hefty price. From Newquay to Padstow, Cornwall’s coastal destinations have gorgeous beaches and award-winning seafood. Using Booking.com, I looked for a coastal break for two people in Padstow for four nights from July 26 to July 30. The cheapest accommodation I could find was a four star guesthouse room for £460, with many other rooms priced above £1,000 for the four night period. When it came to Newquay, home to some of the UK’s best beaches, the cheapest room for the same period with its own bathroom was £440. READ MORE: Jet2 issues weather warning for travellers However, in nearby Plymouth, I found several ensuite rooms for the same time period for under £250. The port city might not be people’s first thought for a seaside staycation, but its location makes it an ideal base to explore the rest of the region. Padstow is just over an hour’s drive away from the city while it takes just one hour, and 10 minutes to drive to Newquay. Meanwhile, Fowey, which has over 300 spectacular beaches, is under an hour’s drive from Plymouth. Don't miss... Lanzarote aims to attract ‘higher quality' guests [LATEST] Benidorm expects record-breaking Easter as hotels could sell out [NEWS] Cheapest destination for a summer holiday named [INSPIRATION] While the south-west’s train network isn’t ideal, holidaymakers can reach beautiful St Austell from Plymouth in an hour by train. There’s even a bus to the gorgeous Polperro heritage coast, which takes just over an hour from Plymouth. Plymouth is also ideally placed to explore the wild open moorland in the beautiful Dartmoor national park. It takes under an hour to reach the unspoilt wilderness with its wild ponies and Bronze Age stone circles. READ MORE: ‘Wonderful’ UK village crowned one of best staycations Holidaymakers might not even want to leave Plymouth, which was recently named one of the world’s most underrated destinations by Time Out Travel. The city’s historic Barbican district is packed with restaurants, bars and boutique shops while the Hoe offers some of the south-west’s most atmospheric views. The city’s Tinside Lido is one of Europe’s most breathtaking outdoor pools and the perfect spot for a dip in summer. Plymouth might also be a better choice if you’re looking for nightlife as the university city has a huge range of bars and nightclubs to dance the night away. If you’re looking to spend some of the summer in Cornwall or Devon, I’d definitely recommend Plymouth as a cheaper alternative to some of the region’s coastal towns. It’s the perfect base to explore the wider region and the accommodation is far cheaper than other nearby spots. Researching the location is a great way to save money on a holiday and it’s definitely worth looking around the area if your first choice destination seems too expensive. You could also try looking at hotels in the city’s business district, which are often quiet during the summer, if a city centre spot seems too pricey. All prices found on Booking.com and correct at the time of writing. 