The European Union doesn't have the same "China threat" mentality as the United States, according to one analyst. As the bloc's leader Ursula von der Leyen met with US President Joe Biden, many observers believed that the US would push the issue but a joint statement released by the leaders following the meeting only named China once. Rhetoric between the US and China has heated up in recent months amid calls by Xi Jinping to modernise the PLA into a "world-class" fighting force. China's new foreign minister warned Washington of conflict if the US continued on its current course. Top US officials, for their part, have warned of the threat posed by Beijing and both major political parties in the US have adopted largely hawkish views on China. However, China is the EU's largest trading partner - meaning it may not share all of these concerns. "The US has a particular worldview here, when it looks towards the Asia-Pacific region generally, whether it's looking at security or economic matters, bearing in mind that the US is part of the [Asia Pacific] triangle if you like, rather than an outlier," Dr Colin Alexander, an expert on Chinese politics at Nottingham Trent University, told Express.co.uk. He noted US concern over Taiwan - the island has effectively been independent for the better part of a century, however, Beijing sees it as a breakaway province and looks towards eventual reunification. He added that there was a certain "animosity" that existed in US-China relations which wasn't as prevalent in the EU's dealings with China.  Dr Alexander said: "There's a considerable Taiwan lobby in Washington DC which gets a decent amount of traction but the EU doesn't really have that same concern or that same dynamic in its talks. "I think the perspective from the US is more of the under the China threat theory concept whereas I don't think that notion has such a primacy within EU thinking." However, the EU and US find common ground on economic issues, namely access to markets and resources in China. "There are considerable overlapping interests here, whether they be ideological around neo-liberal interests like free trade, access to markets, access to energy resources, particularly coal supply from China," Prof Alexander added.  READ MORE: Mapped - The US troops on high alert in bases near Russia and China In a joint statement released following the meeting, China was only mentioned once. The leaders agreed that the EU and US would "facilitate information-sharing on non-market policies and practices of third parties - such as those employed by the People’s Republic of China (PRC)" which would serve as the "basis for joint or parallel action" on these issues. China is the EU's biggest trading partner, while the US comes second. In addition, the EU imports a huge number of goods from China while the US is a larger export market for the bloc. Still, Russian aggression in Ukraine has revitalised Western security relationships, namely NATO which most EU countries are apart of. In addition, as the EU seeks to wean itself off natural gas and oil from Putin's Russia it has turned, in part, to the US to help make up the deficit.  Don't miss... Lilibet and Archie's new titles spark concern after US war [ANALYSIS] Miracle as girl, 8, kidnapped in 2018 found alive in Mexico [INSIGHT] A TikTok star adopted nine boys, he's now been charged with sex abuse [REPORT] "Indeed, you [the US] helped us enormously when we wanted to get rid of the Russian fossil fuel dependency, you helped us tremendously by delivering more liquid natural gas, you helped us through the energy crisis. We are partners jointly supporting together Ukraine that fights for freedom and independence," Von der Leyen told reporters ahead of her meeting with the US President today. The leaders met to discuss Biden's Inflation Reduction Act although other issues would almost certainly be brought up. The act aims to curb inflation in the US by lowering the deficit, reducing the prices of prescription drugs and investing into US energy production with a focus on green energy. Despite the name of the bill, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that it would not have a statistical impact on inflation. The EU has taken issue with the legislation with 27 European finance ministers citing concerns. They pointed to parts of the legislation which they believe may breach World trade Organisation rules and took issue with incentives to buy electric cars assembled in North America as opposed to Europe and other parts of the world. 