On Thursday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, hosts Kate Garraway and Ben Shephard were speaking about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle christening their daughter last week in California. Although no royals were in attendance, it’s believed around 30 people celebrated the one-year-old’s special day.  A spokesperson for The Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed the royal baby was christened on March 3 at their home in the States by the Archbishop of Los Angeles. Despite King Charles, Prince William and Kate Middleton getting an invite for the occasion, it’s been reported none of the royals were at the Christening. Although Meghan's mother Doria Ragland along with Lilibet's newly appointed godfather Tyler Perry were at the intimate gathering. However, when discussing the Christening on Thursday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, host Kate Garraway noticed an error in their statement.  READ MORE: Tammy Slaton shares pregnancy hopes after smashing weight loss goals Sitting alongside her co-star Ben Shephard, the news anchor swiped: “You worry that the Sussexes don’t particularly help themselves, don’t you?” In their statement, they commented the act was performed by the Archbishop of Los Angeles Revered John Taylor, when in fact the real Archbishop of Los Angeles is José H. Gomez. Informing viewers about the statement over Lilibet’s christening, the 55-year-old revealed John Taylor was once a journalist. Picking up on Reverend John Taylor’s former career, Kate added: “A profession Harry’s not always keen on. “But actually in the statement, they called him the Archbishop of Los Angeles, which is factually inaccurate.  “You just think, Gosh, someone who is so keen on accuracy and representation, it seems so unhelpful that things like that are wrong.” Prior to being ordained, the former journalist worked in the office of ex-president Richard Nixon from 1984 to 1990. During the conversation on the ITV show, Kate continued: “If you’re challenging reporting and the accuracy of that about yourself, you’ve got to get your own facts right haven’t you?” Lilibet’s christening comes after they revealed in their controversial Netflix docuseries, which was released in December, that Tyler Perry was going to be one of her godparents.  Don't miss... Ben Shephard forced to intervene as Gary Lineker row erupts on GMB [LATEST] Clarkson's Farm slammed for 'misleading' viewers over planning meeting [LATEST] Simon Cowell to ‘turn his back’ on ITV after 20 years for TV switch [LATEST] In one of the episodes, the American actor touched on the moment Harry and Meghan asked him to do the honour. The 53-year-old commented: “I take a minute to take that in, and I thought I’d be honoured. I’d absolutely be honoured. "I got off the phone, took it all in, then I called them back, I go ‘Ah hold on a second, does this mean we got to go over there [UK] and do all of that in the church with them and figure all that out because I don’t want to do that. "Maybe we can do a little private ceremony here and let that be that and if you have to do it there then it’s OK."  The celebration of their daughter comes two months before their son Archie’s fourth birthday on May 6, the same day as King Charles’ coronation. However, there’s heavy speculation whether or not the Sussex’s will attend the historic event following the conflict Harry’s had with his family over the past few months. A spokesperson for the couple commented: “I can confirm the duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty’s office regarding the coronation. “An immediate decision on whether the duke and duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time.” Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. 