With the buzz of the Cheltenham Festival well and truly upon us, racing fans may already be looking ahead to next year’s meeting and considering attending. Tickets are always in high demand for the four-day meet, and those keen could be tempted to make their interest known sooner rather than later. Cheltenham brings together a mix of passionate racegoers and casual fans looking to soak up the action. And those who have attended often urge others to take the plunge and attend the meeting at least once. Those who are interested can already register their interest in next year’s Cheltenham Festival online with The Jockey Club. They will then be alerted of when the 2024 tickets go live so that they can guarantee their tickets in one of the stands. There are no longer any tickets available for the Friday of this year’s festival, with hospitality packages the only way to secure entry. The last day of the meeting also sold out in 2022, with racegoers desperate to watch the Gold Cup at 3.30pm on the day. The Tuesday of Cheltenham is often busy, with fans keen to catch a glimpse of the opening day and soak up the atmosphere. The Champion Hurdle is the feature race on the day, though the Supreme Novices’ Hurdle and Arkle Challenge Trophy ensure that the opener is always a competitive day of racing. Though the quality of the other two days of the meeting should not be understated, with the renewals this year being very intriguing contests. The Ballymore Novices’ Hurdle is a very exciting race on Wednesday, the Willie Mullins’ Impaire Et Passe recently taking favouritism from leafing British hope Hermes Allen. The latter, owned by Sir Alex Ferguson, won the Challow Hurdle easily last time out and proved that he was a force to be reckoned with. He will be ridden by Harry Cobden on the day, and the talented jockey is very hopeful of his chances. He told AtTheRaces: “Hermes Allen is probably our best chance of a winner there this year. The only thing he did well at home before going to Stratford the first time out was jump as he never really galloped that fast, but when he gets to the track he is a different animal. “He has got to raise his game again, but we haven’t got to the bottom of him so we don’t know how good he is. It will be a good race, but he jumps well, is quite relaxed and laid back. He is everything you want in a good horse.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 