 Stacey Solomon celebrated four weeks with her daughter Belle by having a sweet family photoshoot and sharing the snaps on Instagram. However, fans were quick to point out the singer had food stuck in her teeth in some of the photos, a blunder the sleep-deprived star said she hadn’t even noticed.   On Tuesday evening, fans fawned over Stacey’s sweet family photoshoot featuring her husband Joe Swash and their third child together. Stacey lovingly captioned the post: “One Whole Month Of You Belle. What a beautiful blessing you’ve been to all of us. “We love you more than you could ever imagine. Thank you for the most amazing four weeks. To the moon and back beautiful Belle.” As four-week-old Belle snuggled up on her mother’s chest, the gushing songstress smiled into the camera, but failed to notice a dark piece of food stuck in her teeth before posting the snap. READ MORE: 'Self sabotaging' Prince Harry faces 'royal exile as he ruins relationship with William'  One fan was quick to spot the blunder, writing in the comments: “Gorgeous photos. But, am I the only one who’s noticed Stacey has something stuck in her teeth? “I’m sure it can be edited out though.” Stacey shared the comment on her Instagram story as she lay in bed with her little one lying on her chest. She giggled in the clip adding: “I didn’t even notice and now it’s all I can see. “I don’t sleep and I eat all day I’m surprised it’s just the one. “At least you know my photos aren’t edited.” Fans had some fun with the star’s blunder, with Bal.119 sending some laughing emojis as they shared: “I can see the herb now.” Lisa_victoria_wordsworth shared: “Loving the fact Stace is keeping it real with food in her teeth. Don't miss... Amanda Holden suffers unfortunate wardrobe mishap [LATEST] Piers Morgan takes swipe at Meghan Markle as he thanks her for award [LATEST] Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [LATEST]  “Clearly a pure photo just sharing the mamma love bubble and not doing it for the likes!” Within hours the post garnered thousands of comments as fans fawned over the sweet little newborn. Linda.eklund wrote: “Oh my ovaries. Look at that second picture! Is an arm allowed to be that TINY?!” Ericajones8181 added: “Gorgeous photos of you all, Belle is just so squidgy, I just want to cuddle her, she is so lucky to have you and Joe as her parents, bless her xxx”  On Wednesday morning Stacey shared an angelic snap of little Belle sleeping, writing on her story: “Good morning everyone. “Wanted to put her in her cot and go back to sleep with her, she always has her best sleeps after the 6am feed BUT…” Sharing another snap, Stacey showed off her family’s snow day antics adding: “It snowed so ZERO percent chance of us keeping this two inside. “7am we all had to come down the stairs into our snowsuits and outside.” with some laughing emojis.