Liverpool face Wolves in the Premier League as the club attempts to return to form after a stop-start season. Jurgen Klopp's men will be seeking revenge against their Midland opponents after a humiliating 3-0 defeat at Molineux last month as they try to strengthen their assault on the Champions League places. Here Express Sport details how the Reds may line up with Ibrahima Konate fit to return after a spell out. Goalkeeper: Alisson Klopp has an easy decision between the sticks with Alisson his clear No 1. The Brazilian has made some high-profile mistakes this season but has also regularly kept his side in matches almost single-handedly and remains comfortably clear of backup Caoimhin Kelleher. Defence: Trent Alexander-Arnold, Virgil van Dijk, Ibrahima Konate, Andy Robertson Long-serving trio Alexander-Arnold, Van Dijk and Robertson have fallen below their usual standards this season but remain largely undroppable duo to their experience and underlying quality. It would be a huge surprise if Klopp decided to drop any of them for the clash against Wolves with so much on the line. It is more difficult to predict the Dutchman's centre-half partner. Joel Matip started the 0-0 draw with Crystal Palace but Klopp has confirmed Konate has returned to fitness and it would be no surprise if he returned to the lineup at Anfield. READ MORE: Man Utd could sign five PSG stars as owners look to 'do away with £194m' Midfield: Jordan Henderson, Fabinho, Stefan Bajcetic Central midfield has been a position of real weakness for Liverpool at times this season with Klopp failing to find a settled trio. This pattern is likely to continue against Wolves with more changes to be made. James Milner and Naby Keita both started against Palace on Saturday but the Englishman's age coupled with the former RB Leipzig star's injury record mean neither are likely to start twice in the space of a week. Fabinho and Bajcetic both came off the bench at Selhurst Park and may both earn a first-team berth against Wolves bringing fresher legs in the centre of the park. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumesArsenal could sign three PSG stars with owners 'looking to slash £645m wage bill'Benni McCarthy played role in Sir Alex Ferguson anger and handshake snub Forwards: Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino, Cody Gakpo Salah is a near certainty to start despite falling below expectations this season with injury issues affecting other members of the front three. Gakpo also has a clean bill of health and should start for this reason. Diogo Jota started against Palace but given he has only recently returned from a long-term injury it seems reasonable that he would be a candidate to replace him. Firmino is the most likely to replace him with Darwin Nunez just coming back from a shoulder injury that forced him to miss out on Saturday.