Ian McElhinney has addressed how it felt to swap Derry Girls' Grandad Joe for a "Tory toff" in the latest series of ITV's Unforgotten. The 74-year-old actor is portraying a former politician called Lord Anthony Hume, who is living a comfortable and lavish life. However, the character appears to have some skeletons in his closet. Unforgotten fans were thrilled when the drama returned to screens last month after a two-year hiatus. The series kicked off when human remains were discovered in a freshly renovated period property in Hammersmith, London. The detective team tasked with the investigation had to establish how long the body had been there. Was it linked to a grizzly murder dating back to the 1930s, or has the victim been disposed of in more recent years? READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction'  When Ian was asked what attracted him to Chris Lang's show, he replied: “They’re great scripts. I very much rely on the scripts. "At the end of the day, what you’re trying to do is be in the moment that the script requires of you. "So knowing your script, knowing it well, and not having to look for the lines because you’ve become the character. "It was a little bit of a leap for me in the sense that I’m Northern Irish, I’m not English, and I’m probably thought of as a Northern Irish actor, but at the same time, I didn’t feel it was untoward for me to be playing a Tory toff.    "I just thought, 'Well, that’s an interesting opportunity. Why not go for it?' I really enjoyed doing this job." He described Unforgotten as an "extremely well-run ship" with a "very good team". "And from the day-to-day side of things, it was a very, very good experience with people who know what they’re doing," he added. "Andy [Wilson] is a great director. I wish there were more directors like him for screen because he really gives you the right messages as an actor."   Don't miss... Unforgotten season 5 episode 2 sees Hayley Mills join the cast [EXPLAINER] Unforgotten star Hayley Mills' boyfriend is 20 years her junior [UPDATE ] Unforgotten season 5 featured a major twist in the finale [LATEST]  "Andy’s instincts are great," the actor gushed. "I also think he knows what he’s looking for, and he knows when he’s got it. "Those are great things. He’s a pleasure to work with.” The actor also had the chance to work alongside the show's new leading lady Sinéad Keenan who portrays DCI Jessica James. She replaced Nicola Walker who had starred as DCI Cassie Stuart on the ITV series since its inception.   Cassie was killed off in a car crash at the end of season four which left viewers stunned. According to Nicola's IMDB, the actress is due to star in an upcoming project titled Under the Blue which is described as a "short film". Sinead's character is now helping DI Sunny Khan (played by Sanjeev Bhasker) and the team solve cold cases. Unforgotten continues on ITV at 9pm on Monday but the latest series is also available to watch in full on ITVX. 