A driver received a parking ticket despite being stranded outside a car park with her family due to a signage blunder. Kirsty Ferguson used a National Car Parks site in Exeter, Devon, with her partner Terry Martin and extended family but, while its website and Google Maps stated the car park closed at 6.30pm, it was locked after 6pm.   It comes despite car park operators' promises not to charge several customers whose vehicles were trapped overnight on February 11. Signs were unclear and, since Kirsty's complaint, NCP has clarified the car park had been locked too early. Kirsty and Terry visited Exeter with their children, aged two and four weeks, as well as Kirsty's sister Hayley who is pregnant and had her three-year-old son with her, reports Devon Live. Hayley described the experience as a "brutal" one which distressed her son so much that he was "up crying through the night". Customers had had to find alternative transport to get home and to retrieve their vehicles the following day when the blunder happened. Kirsty, from Newton Abbot, Devon, has now been sent a PCN for £100, or £60 if paid within 14 days. The PCN letter says the charge must be paid or appealed by a deadline of March 27. NCP says four drivers received fines in error but these will be cancelled. A spokesperson for NCP said last month: "We’d like to apologise profusely for this situation. "The site is actually supposed to close at 6:30pm, and so the website is correct. "However the signage on the site is not, the signage states it will be closing at 6pm when in fact it is due to close at 6:30pm. "This has been a recent decision and the team were awaiting new signage. "It shouldn’t normally affect customers as the time of closure is actually 6:30pm. "However, on Saturday we were alerted to the site being closed at 6:22pm. "We sent the team back to the site to reopen it as soon as we were aware this was the case. "Signage will be changed to reflect the later closing time of 6:30pm. "We will make sure that no customer is PCN’d due to this matter and once again offer our sincere apologies for this experience." A spokesperson for NCP said: "NCP has investigated this and can see that whilst we cancelled all PCNs issued on the day the car park had been locked early, we unfortunately didn’t correctly cancel four PCNs for customers who picked their cars up and exited the car park the following day. "The contravention for no payment is recognised on exit, and as they exited on Sunday 12th they should also have been voided along with all exits on the 11th. "We will immediately cancel the four PCNs which parked on Sat 11th and left on Sunday 12th and send cancellation letters today. We sincerely apologise for this error."