Ferrari have ditched a new rear wing design as Martin Brundle raised fears the piece could be ruled out by FIA bosses. The Scuderia ran a new beam wing on Charles Leclerc’s car during FP1 after testing the part for the first time in pre-season. However, the part appeared to fail with the whole rear wing shaking from side to side throughout the session. Engineers were then spotted removing the part in the garage with the team fitting the double-pylon rear wing used by Sainz. Sky Sports F1 host Martin Brundle stressed the piece could be investigated by race officials on safety grounds. He said: “The rear wing wobbling around on the Ferrari. I think the FIA technical police will be wanting to have a look at that and understand and check that it’s got integrity to be honest to stay on the car. “I mean that's extraordinary. No wonder they are working on the back of that. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc not buying Fernando Alonso comments “That didn't look like it was going to survive anything like a Grand Prix did it.” Ferrari has since confirmed the design was simply a test piece following on from pre-season testing. The Scuderia have also revealed the piece would not be used for the rest of the Bahrain Grand Prix weekend. However, team boss Frederic Vasseur accepted the piece would make a return at some point this season. He explained: “It was a test item that we are not able to do last week. We tried to run it this morning but, as you saw, it was not very positive, and we won't run the wing during the weekend, but it will be back soon." DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton dealt Bahrain GP hammer blow as team ‘play catch up' [COMMENT]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell set to 'fight each other' in 2023 [INSIGHT]Ferrari accused of missing chance to recreate Schumacher dream team [ANALYSIS] Ferrari struggled to light up the leaderboards in FP1 as Red Bull continued to set the pace. Sainz also suffered a nightmare early on with a major spin in the braking zone of turn 10. The Spaniard was thrown backwards in a plume of smoke on his hit lap but was able to continue. However, Brundle stressed this could be another issue for Ferrari to get on top of ahead of Sunday’s race. He added: “He was a little bit greedy on the kerb on the way in and a touch wide. But the disturbing thing there, if I was driving that, I would be very concerned about how quickly it unloaded, the tyre and the aero. "He was a total passenger from the moment it ran out of travel on the bump."