Gout has historically been deemed a rich man’s disease due to its associations with certain foods. Despite being around for centuries, data suggest it may be making a major comeback. This trend, researchers believe, may have some connection to the Western diet and its deleterious effects on the metabolic and endocrine systems. High fructose corn syrup is an artificial sugar derived from corn syrup which is used ubiquitously in the production of sweet treats. The sugar alternative is found in sodas, packed fruits breakfast cereals, sweetened dairy products, and sweets, to name a few. WebMD explains that it’s made from corn that’s broken down into individual molecules which convert into 100 percent glucose; a simple sugar. “Enzymes are added to convert some of this glucose into fructose,” it explains. READ MORE:' Avoid' three meats that could cause painful joint crystals - expert The Arthritis Foundation warns that the body releases chemicals called purines into the blood as it breaks down fructose. The breakdown of purines produces uric acid - a substance that triggers the formation of painful crystals in the joints and causes gout. “Within minutes after you drink high fructose corn syrup-sweetened soda, your uric acid levels rise,” explains the organisation. Uric acid tends to lurk in the body when it cannot be removed by the kidneys, and this is how it settles in the joints. Don't miss... Obesity rise fuels gout cases spike, health chiefs say [LATEST] Eight types of fish that can cause 'painful' acid crystals in joints  [INSIGHT] 'Distilled' alcohol can lead to 'painful' arthritis warns health body [LATEST] The Cleveland Clinic explains the crystals that settle in the joints trigger painful gout attacks, among other complications. “They can also settle in the kidneys and form kidney stones,” it adds. When a gout attack strikes it can inflict pain that can last just a few hours or up to three to 10 days. Almost everyone with these conditions is expected to experience another attack at some point in their lifetime. READ MORE: Cold water immersion shown to ease several symptoms linked to gout The Journal of Seminars in Nephrology in 2012 highlighted a notable rise in the prevalence of hyperuricemia in the general population. It also flagged that the prevalence or incidence of gout had correspondingly doubled, and proposed that Western lifestyle factors were the probable cause. The authors said in their report: “The substantial increase in sugar-sweetened soft drinks and associated fructose consumption has also coincided with the [...] trend of hyperuricemia and gout." These trends continued into 2022, when the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey suggested higher rates of gout in the population were likely due to hyperuricemia. Scientists have also recently pointed to the obesity epidemic as one of the major reasons for the ever-increasing prevalence of gout. It should be noted that the condition primarily affects men, who lack the protective effects of oestrogen. When a woman experiences a dip in oestrogen during menopause, she also becomes increasingly susceptible to gout attacks. Fortunately, preventive measures can prevent the onset of gout and other forms of arthritis, such as following a plant-based diet and drinking enough water.