Mike appeared on Thursday's instalment of BBC Breakfast to discuss his band, Mike and the Mechanics, gearing up for a tour. The Genesis co-founder also reflected on Phil's health as the 72-year-old musician suffers from Type 2 diabetes, acute pancreatitis and nerve damage. Mike, also 72, admitted Phil is "much more immobile than he used to be". Charlie asked the musician: "You have officially waved goodbye to Genesis in a performance environment, that is done and dusted?" He replied: "It's been 53 years, and things do stop and it is OK." The star reflected on performing his last gigs as part of the beloved band and described it as "the end of a wonderful time" with Phil. He confirmed: "It really is over, unlike Elton [John] who we love who did his first last tour 35 years ago."    READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Charlie touched upon Phil's health conditions which made it difficult for him to perform alongside Mike and the rest of the band. Updating viewers on Phil's health, Mike said: "Phil is a bit... He's much more immobile than he used to be, which is a shame. "But for the tour, he was in good spirits and he's fine now at home enjoying life. "He's worked so hard over the years, you know, so I think he is sort of enjoying his time at home."  Presenter Nina Warhurst noted how Phil's son Nicholas Collins has been on tour with the band to play the drums. She said: "It must have been lovely for [Phil] to see Nick going on tour." Mike explained: "On stage for the last tour it was really lovely to have the two of them side by side." Charlie cheekily asked who is the better drummer of the pair, with Mike backing Phil.  Don't miss... Phil Collins daughter Lily hits back at 'nepo baby' label [REACTION ] Phil Collins’ ex Orianne ‘insisted’ on moving her escort husband in [LATEST] Lily Collins in plea to star in The Crown 30 years after royal snub [LATEST]  Mike gushed: "Phil is the most amazing drummer but Nick is fantastic too. "He's like his dad but a bit different, so I am looking forward to having him join us." He felt Nick gave a "new energy" to the band and described the 21-year-old as very professional. Nick will be joining Mike and the Mechanics' Refuelled Tour which starts in April.   Mike also reflected on how the music industry has changed during his lifetime and admitted there "weren't many bands in our day" so it was "kind of easy". "Now everyone's in a band - so it was a much easier time, those days," he concluded. Looking back at his career, he told BBC viewers one of the highlights was performing in front of 500,000 people in Rome's Circus Maximus. BBC Breakfast continues daily on BBC One between 6am and 9.15am. 