Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has a preference between signing Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen, according to reports. Both strikers are linked with a summer move to Old Trafford. United are set to be in the market for a forward. Cristiano Ronaldo's departure left Erik ten Hag short of options up top. Wout Weghorst joined on loan in January but a permanent deal looks unlikely. Anthony Martial has missed much of the season due to injury and could be on his way. Kane has long been linked with a move to United, while Osimhen's superb season for Napoli so far has only seen rumours increase. The Guardian claims both players are on Ten Hag's radar. However, the Dutchman would prefer to sign Kane.  Read more... Chelsea keen on Dominik Szoboszlai as Erling Haaland 'consulted' [REPORT] The England captain is seen as more of a guarantee of goals in the Premier League. The 29-year-old is desperate to break Alan Shearer's record of the most goals ever scored in the league. Osimhen at 24 may be a longer-term option for United. He has 21 goals in 26 appearances in all competitions this season, with Napoli flying high in Serie A and among the contenders to win the Champions League. However, Osimhen would take time to settle into English football. Kane would have more of an immediate impact in the United side. Kane is the second-leading scorer in the Premier League this season with 18 goals to his name. That tally would see him be in contention for the Golden Boot in most campaigns but Erling Haaland's stunning 27 goals in 25 games blows Kane out of the water.  Don't miss... Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement [QUOTES] Chelsea told minimum price to sell Mount as Utd and Liverpool circle [TRANSFERS] Paul Pogba left out of Juventus squad for 'disciplinary reasons' [REPORT] Spurs saw their last hopes of winning silverware go up in smoke on Wednesday. They drew 0-0 at home to AC Milan to go out 1-0 on aggregate in the Champions League round of 16. Kane is yet to win any major team silverware in his career. Former Spurs striker Peter Crouch says the time has come for Kane to move on. He said on BT Sport: "How many transitional periods is Harry Kane going to have to wait for? How many periods and how many managers? "And then we all go ‘oh this is the period, this is the time, we’re going to invest now, we’ve got the new stadium. Let’s wait for the new stadium, let’s wait for the new training ground.’ "It’s a short career, I don’t think anyone would begrudge Harry Kane if he wants to move this summer, I don’t think any fan could tell you different."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here