 The second half of 2022 saw strikes on a scale not seen in over a decade. Concentrated with certain industries – four-fifths of all working days lost coming primarily from the rail and postal sectors – and unevenly spread around the UK, the disruption knocked a significant chunk out of the country’s economic output. While survey responses indicate most were able to find a way around travel upsets, school and hospital shutdowns proved far more difficult to manage.     Most UK workers have long had a right to withhold their labour to bargain for better pay and conditions. Between 1999 and 2018, wage disputes were the cause of around three-quarters of all working days lost to industrial action, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). There have been few mass walkouts over the past decade, but the cost-of-living crisis in 2022 marked a dramatic shift. With inflation at record highs, British workers experienced a real pay cut of 2.7 percent between August and October. Between June 2022 and February 2023 a number of sectors staged nationwide strikes, from railway workers and train drivers, to nurses, ambulance crews, Border Force agents and civil servants. Although further action is still pencilled in for the months ahead, data released by the ONS today show the true scale of the “winter of discontent” gone by. READ MORE: RMT suspends series of national rail strikes after new pay offer    The number of working days lost because of labour disputes steadily increased from last summer. In June, the tally amounted to 93,000 days, increasing more than ninefold to 843,000 in December – the highest monthly total since November 2011. In total, 2.47 million working days were lost between these months, 79 percent of which were caused by workers in transport, storage, information and communication. In December, a near-total 86 percent was a result of walkouts by people in these industries, which include rail employees as well as postal workers and couriers. The education sector – including higher education, tertiary, and primary and secondary education – saw the second-highest number of days lost during the last seven months of last year.  Across the UK, between last June and December, Northern Ireland saw the highest rate of working days lost per 1,000 employees, at 129. This was followed by the North West (105) – the most disrupted region in England – Scotland (99) and Yorkshire and The Humber (78). Wales was the least impacted of all at just 51 working days lost per 1,000 Welsh workers. The gross domestic product (GDP) estimate for the last quarter of 2022 came in flat at an economy-wide level, but there is evidence of output in the most affected industries shrinking towards the end of the year. The rail transport industry declined by seven percent in December, while postal and courier activities fell by 10.5 percent. Total GDP fell by 0.5 percent that month, according to the ONS. Don't miss... Protest as hotel closes to house asylum seekers in exclusive contract [BREAKING] Study shows 'socially Scandinavian' UK is more liberal than France  [REPORT] SNP leadership hopefuls furiously clash over Scottish independence [LATEST]  The latest Opinions and Lifestyle Survey (OPN) – conducted between February 8 and 19 – found 11 percent of respondents reported having their travel plans disrupted by rail strikes over the previous two weeks. During the December 21 to January 8 iteration of the survey, nearly one-in-five (18 percent) declared as much. Among those who reported that rail strikes had disrupted their travel plans in the latest OPN, almost half (45 percent) said this had affected their ability to take part in leisure activities, just over a quarter (26 percent) reported having to spend more money on travel, while just seven percent said they were unable to work. Over half of parents reported that they would be affected by schools being closed. OPN results from December 7 to 18 found just 41 percent of working parents with a child in primary or secondary school said their work would not be impacted. This compared with 31 percent reported they would have to work fewer hours, while 28 percent claimed they would not be able to work at all. According to NHS England, a total of 16 days of strike action involving 154 organisations took place during December, January and February. As a result of this, at least 93,022 outpatient appointments, 18,716 elective procedures, 27,957 community service appointments and 9,634 mental health and learning disability (MHLD) appointments were rescheduled. As not all trusts submitted data, true figures are higher.   