Fans of ABC’s long-running medical drama, Grey’s Anatomy were excited to discover Catherine Fox (played by Debbie Allen) would be returning to the Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital. The promo clip for Sisters Are Doin' It For Themselves teased she would return with another groundbreaking surgery. Since Catherine’s first appearance in season eight, she has made several appearances on the show over the years. As well as being the founder of the Catherine Fox foundation, she is also a world-class urologist, which requires her to operate on the urinary tracts of different patients. Catherine also has personal ties to Grey Sloan hospital because her husband Richard Webber (James Pickens Jr) and son Jackson Avery (Jesse Williams) also work there. Thankfully for fans, bosses provided major insight into the upcoming episode with a synopsis. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail It read: “Catherine returns to Grey Sloan for a surgical case that makes Lucas and Blue queasy. “Amelia treats a possible cancer patient with a family that’s a little too supportive. Owen takes his medical future into his own hands, much to Teddy’s surprise.” Fans were thrilled to learn about Catherine’s return and took to social media with excitement. An excited @__JoseCorrea__ imitated the surgeon’s well-known phrase and asked: “Who wanna fix a penis #GreysAnatomy.”   A thrilled @irwinnnn16 tweeted: “Catherine is back next week.” Taking to Reddit, u/AlternativeAdvice916 wrote: “It will be interesting if Catherine has scenes with Simone and Lucas on the show besides just Richard interaction.” While a fourth viewer @KyleAW93 added: “Catherine is back next week!” However, the upcoming episode will also see more from Simone Griffith (Alexis Floyd) and Lucas Adams (Niko Terho), the promo provided a glimpse of Catherine’s return. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [REACTION]Grey’s Anatomy star teases Meredith Grey’s return [INSIGHT]Grey's Anatomy's Debbie Allen drops update on Ellen Pompeo future [UPDATE]  During the clip, she was surrounded by the surgical interns and asks: “Who wants to come fix a penis?” To which Lucas responds: “Totally,” and Alex Blue Davis (Harry Shum Jr) adds: “I’m in.” However, as they undertake the operation, the surgery takes a turn for the worse when Blue becomes overwhelmed and faints. As Catherine watched the ordeal, she quipped: “I would’ve bet my money on the other one,” while Lucas looked shocked. With Catherine’s return, fans can expect to hear more about her cancer which came back earlier this season. Viewers will recall the cancer was first discovered in season 15 and she underwent spinal surgery which removed 95 percent of the tumour. However, after a routine check-up, Dr Tom Koracick (Greg Germann) revealed Catherine was no longer in remission. While it's yet to be seen if she will undergo another surgery, fans will have to stay tuned to see if this will even be a possibility.  Grey’s Anatomy season 19 continues Thursdays on ABC in the USA and on Disney+ in the UK. 