John's former Only Fools and Horses co-star Sue Holderness joined the Loose Women panel on Thursday afternoon to discuss her recent experience of being scammed. However, talk soon turned to her time starring in the BBC sitcom alongside John Challis, where she admitted how much she missed "my best friend". Nadia Sawalha first asked: "Sue, we have got to talk about John Challis. I was lucky enough to work with him a few years ago on Benidorm. He was so lovely." Sue admitted: "Do you know the nice thing is when they talk to me about John Challis, who played Boycie my husband for many years and was indeed my best friend. "When people talk about him I haven't heard anybody say anything other than that he was a jolly good egg." Sue went on to discuss the upcoming convention she has this weekend and said: "I will be seeing his wife Carol tomorrow and David Jason of course. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 "They are very nice these conventions because you realise that Only Fools and Horses has made a difference in people's lives." Nadia agreed: "So much joy! I felt so starstruck when you came in because I was thinking the whole time how you made us howl with laughter." Interjecting Nadia, Carol McGiffin asked: "Do you miss Marlene?" Immediately Sue exclaimed: "Oh yes I would have gone on to play Marlene until I dropped! But of course, Sally Lyndsey has gone on to give me this kind of monster in the Mandame Blanc." When the news of his death was announced, Sue paid tribute to her "beloved friend", writing: "Marlene without Boycie - it's unthinkable. "John Challis was my partner on screen and stage for 36 years and my beloved friend. RIP darling John. I will miss you every day." After John's funeral service in October 2021, Sue once again took to her social media and expressed her sadness: "It was a very beautiful (and very WET) send-off. "He would have approved. Miss him. Every moment." DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert gobsmacked by £20 item's staggering profit [WATCH]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges [INSIGHT]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [LATEST] Sue played Marlene Boyce in the sitcom from 1984 to 2003. The BBC star has been very vocal about her love for John since his passing and previously broke down in tears whilst talking to ITV's Lorraine. Discussing their 36-year friendship, she was was close to tears and said: "How lucky was I that John Challis came to be the other husband in my life? We were friends from the word go. "Just five weeks ago, we were having lunch together and in fact, less than four weeks before he died, John and I were filming together all day and he was fine. "He was as much fun as usual, got a bit tired towards the end of the day. So the end came very quickly. "I can honestly say that I don't believe he's gone. I think he's watching us now and I think we must talk about our loved ones who are no longer with us. "John will be remembered forever and loved by so many people, and I don't think he's gone. I don't really believe he's gone." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV.