When Prince Louis arrives home from school, he frequently has a joking request for his parents, Kate Middleton and Prince William. The Prince and Princess of Wales's youngest child, who is four years old, is now enrolled at Lambrook School in Berkshire with his older siblings, Prince George, nine, and Princess Charlotte, seven. Louis reportedly participates in "Forest Fridays", a series of outdoor activities that include den-building and marshmallow toasting. The young Prince appears to enjoy being outside, as his mother Kate has disclosed that he frequently requests her to play outside when he gets home from school. During a visit to Denmark last year, Kate said: "Louis comes home and says: ‘I need to get my energy out'." George and Charlotte, the two rugby players among the Prince and Princess of Wales's three children, are both quite active.   READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby They are attempting to teach Louis the rules, as Kate recently shared that George is learning the game. The Princess added: "They are trying to teach him the rules. “They move them around for their confidence. Because he is tall, he has the physique. “But then there is Louis coming. Charlotte also does rugby.”  Don't miss... Princess Charlotte could wear a tiara before her wedding - unlike Kate [STYLE] Kate's dramatic pink gown from Belize will set fans back by £2,250 [PICTURES] Diana 'couldn't bear' wearing Chanel - sad link to Charles and Camilla [ROYAL] Prince Louis is a lucky child, according to a parenting expert, for having a parent who is an "active listener". Kimberley Wiltshire, a primary school teacher and owner of Catkin Toys, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain Kate's parenting style. She said: “If you’ve ever seen a photograph of Kate speaking to one of her children, you will notice that she is almost always crouched down and speaking at eye level with her child. "This is often referred to as ‘active listening’ and is an effective parenting strategy you could introduce today.  READ MORE: Meghan's 'life-changing' beauty treatment plus how to do it at home "This is to make your parenting journey easier while building a better relationship with your child in the process!" This implies that Kate is an "active listener" for little Louis and his needs after he comes home from school. The expert continued: "Being on your child’s level makes them more inclined to listen to what you are saying as they can easily make eye contact and hear your words clearly. "Furthermore, it allows your child to feel more in control and sends a clear message that you are prepared to listen and engage with them, too."  Prince Louis, therefore, most likely feels listened to when he is encouraged to join in playing rugby with his older siblings. Ms Wiltshire added: "It also helps avoid feelings of frustration. "This is because you are much more likely to speak in a quiet and calm manner without emotions spilling over for both you or your child. "So next time those toys need tidying away or it’s time to leave the play area, why not try crouching down to their level and giving active listening a try!” 