Daisy Jones and The Six has finally landed on Prime Video, with the first three episodes now available to stream. Ahead of the premiere, lead actor Sam Claflin reflected on production as he shared the “horrors” of recording. Based on the best-selling novel by Taylor Jenkins Reid, Daisy Jones and The Six followed the rise and fall of the fictional rock band during the '70s. Portraying the titular character of Daisy Jones is actress Riley Keough, Suki Waterhouse plays keyboard player Karen Sirko and Sebastian Chacon is drummer Warren Rhodes. While Sam starred as the band’s charismatic lead singer, Billy Dune. Although he had to sing and dance as part of the role, Sam confessed he didn’t enjoy the recording process or watching the scenes back. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview  Speaking on Magic Radio with Tom Price, the actor admitted: “Well I don’t really like singing. “I think hearing yourself sing and especially during the recording process, hearing myself sing without the music playing as well at times, to kind of hear whether I hit a note or not, was the most horrific thing that’s ever happened to me. “I am not a fan of also watching myself either," the actor went on to admit. "So not only watching myself but also listening to myself sing obnoxiously high notes was too much for me.”   The drama follows Daisy as she joins the legendary 1970s rock band The Six, to create a one-of-a-kind album. However, they unexpectedly disbanded after a sold-out show at Chicago's Soldier Field. The show sheds light on the complicated lives of the band members as they struggle to come to terms with fame. Daisy Jones and The Six also highlight the '70s era of chaotic celebrity culture as well as the band’s battle with drugs, heartbreak and loss. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice star details private conversation with Lord Sugar [INSIGHT]Riley Keough and her stuntman husband secretly welcomed their daughter [INSIGHT]What happened to Pete Loving in Daisy Jones and The Six? [INSIGHT]   Daisy and Billy have a complicated relationship with fame and drugs as they try to resist the undeniable connection they share. The series also stars Will Harrison as Billy's younger brother Graham and Josh Whitehouse as The Six's bassist Eddie Roundtree. Daisy Jones and The Six is told in a documentary style which switches back and forwards in time as each band member shares their perspective. As they speak about their time in the band, they will also reveal what they believe contributed to the band’s demise.   The synopsis for the drama reads: “Based on the best-selling novel by Taylor Jenkins Reid, Daisy Jones & The Six is a limited musical-drama series detailing the rise and precipitous fall of a renowned rock band. “In 1977, Daisy Jones & The Six were on top of the world. Fronted by two charismatic lead singers—Daisy Jones (Riley Keough) and Billy Dunne (Sam Claflin)—the band had risen from obscurity to fame. “And then, after a sold-out show at Chicago's Soldier Field, they called it quits. Now, decades later, the band members finally agree to reveal the truth. “This is the story of how an iconic band imploded at the height of its powers.” You can listen to Sam’s full interview with Tom Price on Magic Radio this Saturday at 9am. Daisy Jones and The Six episodes 1-3 are available to stream on Amazon Prime Video now. New episodes are released on Friday.