The Duke of Sussex made his first in-person appearance since it was announced he and the Duchess want their children to be known with their royal titles on Wednesday night. Harry shared the stage with Alexi Robichaux - the CEO of coaching app BetterUp of which the royal is the Chief Impact Officer - for one of the panels included in the two-day BetterUp's Uplift summit, tipped to cost its attendees £842 ($1000) per person. During his 30-minute long appearance in Nob Hill, San Francisco, the Duke replied to a few questions the audience had previously submitted in writing. Asked what drives his purpose, the Prince mentioned being part of a team with a shared mission - be that the military or his Archewell Foundation he co-founded with Meghan. He added: "For me, personally, I get so much out of helping other people. To be in the service of others is what drives me, what gets me out of bed every day. Then you have kids." The mention of Lilibet and Archie came shortly before Harry turned the conversation to Mr Robichaux, who became a father nine months ago. Children, Harry added later during the summit, "ground you". Hours prior, a spokesperson for Harry and Meghan announced their children Archie and Lili would be known with their royal titles of Prince and Princess. They did so by confirming in a statement the daughter of Meghan and Harry, addressed as "Princess Lilibet Diana" had been christened on March 3. Hours later, the Sussexes issued a fresh statement to make it clear it is Archie and Lilibet's birthright to use their royal titles, in reference to the 1917 Letters Patent issued by King George V. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf' The statement read: "The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace." During the BetterUp summit, Harry also praised the women in his life, saying: "I've been lucky enough to be surrounded by strong, empowered, confident women all my life. "I wish that more women would have higher leadership roles. Less testosterone in the room - which I think would be a good thing." BetterUp announced in March 2021 Harry had joined its team to guide its social mission, "expand our global community, and influence the vision of our member experience, bringing the power of professional and personal growth to people everywhere". Don't miss... Fergie claims she 'hasn't really met' Meghan after curtsey claims [INSIGHT] Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’  [REPORT] Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims [ANALYSIS] Harry has promoted the brand several times over the past few years. Most recently, upon replying to Late Night's host Stephen Colbert, he said his most used phone app is the BetterUp one, describing it as the "quickest access to mental health coaching". In February last year, he attended a live-streamed event with BetterUp CEO and tennis champion Serena Williams, who uses the service. And in July he interviewed three different people about their mental health practices for a short film shared on the organisation's website.