Meghan Markle and Prince Harry should be "very concerned" about their declining US popularity, a royal expert has claimed. The couple's popularity has plummeted since their royal departure in 2020, particularly due to their continuous potshots towards the Royal Family. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams claimed that the couple should be worried about how much their popularity, particularly in the US, has plummeted. He added: "Two polls in Newsweek have shown that after Spare the American people, instinctively supportive, don’t like those who trash their families. "Their next moves after Harry’s online promotion of Spare on Saturday with Dr Gabor Mate will be eagerly scrutinised." Last week, Newsweek conducted a survey which showed many Americans believed Prince William better represented eight human characteristics than Prince Harry. READ MORE: Meghan contacted Liz Hurley over her stint on Royals TV show prior to meeting Prince Harry Of the 1,500 Americans who participated in the survey, 43 percent stated that William ranked better in duty, compared to 23 percent who voted for Harry. The remaining 34 percent claimed that they did not know who favoured better. In terms of leadership, William had a 17-point lead over his younger brother, with 40 percent choosing the royal heir. William also had a six-point lead in trustworthiness, with 36 percent showing that William was more likey to tell the truth. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry 'being evicted' from Frogmore Cottage by King Charles In January, Harry released his highly-anticipated memoir, Spare. One week after the release of Harry's book, a poll was conducted by Newsweek, which stated that his popularity had decreased even further since the book's release. The poll showed a seven percent decrease in his popularity since the previous poll, with 38 percent now stating that they dislike the 38-year-old. DON'T MISS In a poll conducted by YouGov after Spare's release, 41 percent of Brits felt that the motivation behind the release was money. While 25 percent felt the motivation was for Prince Harry to "tell his side of the story". Meghan Markle and Prince Harry now reside in the US with their two children, aged three and one.