This is the bizarre moment a motorist caught a large fish with his bare hands on a flooded road. In the latest unusual weather pattern to strike the US - an 'atmospheric river' - thousands of homes in California have been evacuated. Rivers and creeks have breached their banks, with waist high floods rendering towns uninhabitable. Residents attempting to regain a sense of normality have continued to use roads in areas where floodwater is dissipating. This includes the driver in Watsonville, Santa Cruz County who pulled a massive orange carp from water next to his car on a city road. Holding it by the gills, the man shows off the catch of the day to the amusement of other motorists. In the Watsonville area, hundreds were evacuated over the weekend and more than 90 had to be rescued by first responders. By Sunday afternoon, parts of California’s famed Highway 1 were closed due to overflowing water. And there is no time to rest on laurels just yet as meteorologists say another atmospheric river is imminent in the Golden State, meaning more flooding, snow and strong winds. About 15 million people remain under flood watch in California and neighbouring Nevada. Heavy snow is set to fall across the Klamath Mountains, southern Cascades and the Sierra Nevada, while strong winds will spread across northern California, with gusts of up to 45mph possible across the terrain. "Frequent showers will track into Northern and Central California through Monday, thunderstorms prowling around the central valleys and foothills on Saturday," AccuWeather meteorologist Brandon Buckingham said. READ MORE: Fears of global 'domino effect' after SVB collapse Starting Monday night, “the rain will impact increasingly sensitive portions of central California that were hit hard by the rainfall on Friday and early Saturday,” the Weather Prediction Center said. As a result, it “won’t take long once the steady heavy rain gets started for flooding impacts to resume.” But the latest event comes just days after the last atmospheric river, which left at least two dead. Late on Friday, rainfall saw the Pajaro River's levee rupture grow to at least 400 feet. Don't miss... Sunak says China is 'biggest threat’ in new interview [LATEST] Family 'desperate' as two sisters and friend go missing in Mexico [UPDATE] Moment Mexico volcano violently erupts blasting ash 1000 metres [VIDEO] Built in the late 1940s to provide flood protection, the levee has been a known risk for decades with several breaches in the 1990s. California has seen an unseasonable amount of rain since the end of 2022, with January bringing unprecedented downfalls. At least 20 died in the weather event which lasted around three weeks, while some parts of the state experienced two and three feet of rain. Tonight’s atmospheric river will be the 11th to strike California this year. Governor Gavin Newsom declared a state of emergency in six more counties on Sunday, after earlier making declarations for 34 counties. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews