King Charles, as the monarch, is constantly travelling up and down the country, as well as abroad to perform duties for the Royal Family. A nutritionist spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what diet the sovereign follows, including his unusual breakfast. Royal biographer Tina Brown confirmed in her book, The Palace Papers, that Prince William once warned guests at a breakfast buffet to stay away from his father's linseed breakfast at Highgrove House. The young Prince of Wales reportedly told guest Stephen Fry that King Charles's breakfast choice of linseed was like “bird food”. Ms Brown wrote: "At breakfast at Highgrove, Fry was inspecting a buffet when he lifted a tureen that offered Charles's preferred heap of Linseed. “Prince William said 'Oh no, don't go near the bird table, Stephen, that's only for Pa.'" Leading nutritionist Signe Svanfeldt at Lifesum, the healthy eating app, has shared the benefits of King Charles's diet. Ms Svanfeldt acknowledged the benefits Charles is receiving from linseed: “Linseed can aid digestion and is high in protein, fibre and essential fatty acids (omega-3). "For breakfast, King Charles is known to enjoy homemade bread, fresh fruit and fruit juices - which have many nutritional benefits. “Home-made bread typically contains more nutrient-rich flours such as rye and spelt plus fibre- and protein-rich seeds, including psyllium or linseed. Fresh fruit and fruit juices will help to boost the King’s vitamin, mineral and fibre intake."  Don't miss... Meghan Markle appears to wear Diana's gold earrings and necklace [LATEST] Princess Beatrice wears Beulah London dress like Kate - pictures [STYLE] Prince Edward designed Sophie Wessex's 'bold cross pendant' at wedding [PICTURES] Over the years, it has been reported that King Charles does not eat lunch. His former press secretary, Julian Payne, has confirmed as such. He told The Mirror: "The King doesn’t eat lunch; so, an early lesson I learnt when out on the road with him was to have a big breakfast or bring a few snack bars with you to keep you going. “The working day is pretty relentless. Beginning with the radio news headlines and a breakfast of seasonal fruit salad and seeds with tea.” Ms Svanfeldt explained to Express.co.uk whether or not this is a healthy option for the King.   She claimed: “The only ‘right way’ is what suits your lifestyle needs, which is what King Charles does and it works for him. Some prefer to eat many smaller meals, while others prefer to have fewer larger ones." King Charles admitted in a BBC interview in 2021 that he has a routine when it comes to eating meat and fish. The King said: “For years I haven’t eaten meat and fish on two days a week and I don’t eat dairy products on one day a week." "This is a good strategy,” Ms Svanfeldt opined. “King Charles’s love for plant-based food increases his dietary fibre, decreases saturated fats and reduces his carbon footprint.   "Reducing your intake of animal-based products instead of cutting them out completely is a sustainable strategy since you don’t have to restrict yourself from things you love - and can enjoy them in moderation. “Changing your diet to reduce your carbon footprint is easier than you think. Start by cutting down on meat and eating more root vegetables, beans, lentils and whole grains.” Ms Svanfeldt offered some recommendations to ensure that King Charles has enough energy to perform his royal duties. She suggested: “King Charles should ensure that his diet remains balanced and is coupled with regular exercise. Nutritious foods to consider include legumes, whole grains and root vegetables - as well as keeping hydrated by drinking enough water throughout the day.” 