After TLC viewers slammed Michael Halterman for not supporting his wife, Amy Slaton with the children, it was reported the 1000lb Sisters star had left her husband and moved in with her sibling, Tammy Slaton. Despite this and cryptic social media posts, fans exposed a key clue which suggests the couple could have recently reconciled. According to recent reports, Amy and Michael were on the road to divorce as an insider claimed Amy and Michael had quietly spilt after she became “frustrated” after five years of marriage. "Amy says Michael is lazy and has been jealous of her attention toward the kids," a source told The US Sun. The insider claimed: "They've been having trouble since last year." Despite these rumours, a recent photo suggests the couple have since resolved their differences and got back together. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers  In the photo, Amy and Tammy are sitting next to each other, flaunting their impressive weight loss, while many congratulated the reality stars, fans quickly noticed a particular ring on Amy’s finger. Taking to a fan page on Reddit, u/Sad_Recommendation51 wrote: “Just noticed that Amy is wearing her wedding ring. “Not sure how old this picture is but I think it’s from the last week since she has the bag she posted on Instagram a few days ago.” Another fan u/morbidbutwhoisnt explained: “Some people who are even divorced will continue to wear a ring for a while because they are so used to it.” A shocked u/TeachyMcTeacher15 asked: “Did I miss something?? Her and Michelle separated??!! To which, u/Sad_Recommendation51 responded: “It has been a lot of rumours going around that they split up, but since the family hasn’t said anything about it we don’t really know.” However, u/Senior_Physics_5030 hit back: “I’m not putting much stock in the separation rumours until someone in the family confirms or denies it.” Last month, episode six revealed Michael and Amy were going through turbulent times in their marriage. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION]Amy Slaton 'struggling to parent kids after split from husband' [INSIGHT]Tammy Slaton fans 'amazed' at her weight after losing 300lbs [REACTION] After Michael fell ill with Covid, Amy was forced to provide round-the-clock care for her two-year-old Gage and eight-month-old Glenn on her own. While this was understandable, fans quickly took to social media with rage after a healthy Michael watched on as Amy struggled to console the crying children. As he continued eating, Amy’s sister Amanda was forced to step in and help, after the star was reduced to tears trying to care for the kids without support. This week, The US Sun reported Amy had moved out of their family home and taken her two children with her but has not yet filed for divorce.  It was also alleged the couple were fighting over their young sons. The insider disclosed: “[Michael] doesn't want the kids to be on the show, but Amy disagrees. They have been fighting over this for months.” Amy has also taken to social media to share cryptic posts about her relationship status. On Valentines’s Day, she posted photos of Glenn and Gage but made no mention of Michael. Express.co.uk have reached out to TLC for a comment. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. 