Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway recently returned to ITV for an all-new series of their well-loved show. During the latest episode, the pair pranked This Morning's Alison Hammond into believing she was staying at a haunted hotel and fooled a dad into thinking his baby was waving at him from inside the womb. The baby prank was hit with Ofcom complaints for being "cruel", but the Geordie duo admitted they have refused jokes they thought have "crossed the line". The pair have revealed even some pranks were too much for them to take part in. Speaking on Capital Breakfast with Roman Kemp on Friday, the pair said they have flat-out refused to participate in some pranks. They also shared how they felt nervous pranking chef Gordon Ramsay and ex-Top Gear host Jeremy Clarkson, with Gordon "vowing" to get his revenge. When Roman asked the hosts if there were any sketches producers have asked them to do which they have refused, Ant exclaimed: "Oh yeah."   READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview Roman replied: "What're mainly the ones that you guys kind of refuse to do? Is there a certain category of things?" Dec explained: "No, I wouldn't say a category. But I think sometimes we sit down and they go, 'We thought maybe you could do this' and we go 'No, I think that's crossing the line.' "Especially when we do like hidden camera stuff on celebs. You kind of go, 'That’s a bit cruel.'" The pair told listeners Alison nearly ruined the last episode of their show as they couldn't get her past reception because she was too scared of a hotel she thought was haunted.  Dec added: "I mean, as you probably saw, she refused to stay in the hotel. We'd rigged the whole place. And we had hidden cameras everywhere. "We couldn't get her past reception because she was too scared. "You know, we had the haunted hotel and she went in, took a look at it and went, 'I'm not staying here', got back in the car, and was like, 'Take me home.'" Dec admitted the taxi driver had no idea about the prank at all and was happy to take her away from the hotel. DON'T MISS...Saturday Night Takeaway hit with Ofcom complaints for baby prank [LATEST]Ant and Dec admit they 'love and miss' David Walliams despite backlash [UPDATE]Ant and Dec on 'difficult' Matt Hancock situation behind the scenes [INSIGHT] Ant added: "We had to ring the cab firm and then get another job booked for the driver so he would just drive off." When Alison realised she was being pranked by Ant and Dec she cracked up and admitted she felt embarrassed by her reaction. Aside from the Alison prank, the duo wound up a dad-to-be called Liam which did not sit well with viewers. More than 100 viewers complained about the prank to Ofcom, with many branding it "cruel".  The expectant father's wife was in on the joke too as he was taken to her ultrasound. However, the ultrasound was not real as the baby on the monitor was just CGI as it waved, danced and played peek-a-boo with Liam. Liam assumed the baby on the screen was real and was amazed when it responded to his singing and hand signals. Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway continues on Saturday at 7pm on ITV and ITVX. 