Police have found the remains of a child while searching for Constance Marten and Mark Gordon's missing baby. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford confirmed the devastating discovery this evening in a "significant" update on the search, which began on February 27 and covered approximately 90 square miles in Brighton. Mr Basford told reporters that remains had been found in a wooded area. He said: "It is my very sad duty to update this afternoon, police officers searching a wooded area close to where Constance and Mark Gordon were arrested discovered the remains of a baby. "A post-mortem examination will be held in due course. "A crime scene is in place and work at the location is expected to continue for some time. "This is an outcome that myself and that many officers who have been part of this search had hoped would not happen." "I recognise the impact this news will have on many people who have been following this story closely and can assure them that we will do everything we possibly can to establish what has happened." He added: "I would first and foremost like to extend my heartfelt condolences on behalf of Sussex Police to the wider family of the baby at this time. "I understand that the conclusion of this search will be heartbreaking for the local community and the wider public who have been impacted by and so supportive of this search and the investigation from the outset. "I would like to thank again the public, including the member of public whose information led to the arrests, the huge number of people who came forward with information and those that have volunteered to assist with the searches."  "We continue to support the Metropolitan Police as they conduct their investigation and also the wider community as we all come to terms with this tragedy." The couple were arrested on Monday in Brighton moments following a tipoff from a member of the public. They had avoided police for more than seven weeks but were without their child. Following their arrest on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter, the couple refused to tell police where the baby was, sparking a massive hunt across a wide area of the Sussex countryside.  Police appealed to the public while the couple were missing, asking them to get their child medical attention, with concerns raised that family was sleeping rough in freezing temperatures. Marten's parents also made public pleas via the press, with a £10,000 reward also offered by police that could lead to the location of the missing child. Officers from the Met and Sussex Police and London Search and Rescue Service combed the area where they had last been seen. They used helicopters, sniffer dogs, thermal imaging cameras and drones as well as hundreds of investigators on the ground. More than 200 officers and specialist search teams scoured the area around Stanmer Villas, where the couple were finally found after a tip-off from a member of the public.