Hundreds of 1950s-born women descended on Parliament Square yesterday, in a rally to draw attention to state pension age changes. While many of these women do not disagree with the rise to the state pension age, they take issue with the way these changes were communicated - with some arguing they were not provided with the notice they needed. As a result, women from several campaign groups including WASPI, Women of Wales, and Waspi 2018 attended the event in crowds. One such woman who says they have been impacted is Kay Clarke, from the Vale of Glenmorgan, a founding member of 1950s WoW (Women of Wales) and beyond. Ms Clarke organised yesterday’s rally, and stood next to the Millicent Garret Fawcett Statue to deliver a speech to the crowd. She said: “It’s taken a lot for us to come here today, as most of us are fast approaching 70 years of age. READ MORE: State pension age hike may be announced by Jeremy Hunt next week “Look around and see just how many of us want our voices heard. “We’re all here to express our utter contempt towards the trusted representatives who sit daily in that building [the House of Commons], and pick and choose the fate of people like you and me. “We all know what they’ve done to the women born in the 1950s, and the 1960s as we later found out. “We’ve been robbed. We’ve been seen as an easy target to focus on in order to save money.” Don't miss... WASPI women bring traffic to a standstill in London protest [LATEST] Britons warned the ‘price of happiness’ in retirement is £145,833 [EXCLUSIVE] Warning as income-poor pensioners worse off in benefits  [INSIGHT] The organiser encouraged the protest attendees to “do their bit”, and thanked them for their attendance. However, she remained frustrated at what she perceived as a lack of response from the Government on the matter. Ms Clarke continued: “People in power will do anything to keep their crown. “We haven’t even got so much as an apology for the mistake they made by not writing to inform us. “It’s just been excuses and reprimands for having the audacity to question them. READ MORE: Furious Britons call for free prescription age to remain at 60 “We will only be guaranteed a fair reply from this Government when they find a cure for human nature!” Ms Clarke previously told Express.co.uk she was “shocked and angry” when she discovered her state pension age would no longer be 60, but 66. The campaigner first began working at the age of 15, on a Saturday in Woolworths. She progressed to full time work with a bank, and then British Airways. Her circumstances changed when she had children, giving up work to raise them, and then taking on part-time and zero hours contracted jobs. However, at the age of 57 she was made redundant, and was then dealt the double blow of a raised state pension age. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea She added: “Between the ages of 60 to 66, that I thought I’d have payments for, it’s cost me somewhere in the region of £48,000 to £50,000. “I had £15,000 saved but that’s all got now. It’s a lot of money I could’ve had. “People said I should’ve planned for my future - but I did. Only it was the one I thought I was having.” A Department for Work and Pensions spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The Government decided over 25 years ago it was going to make the state pension age the same for men and women. “Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP under successive governments dating back to 1995 and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal.”