The new Queen has suffered a fresh bout of heartache as her much-loved brother-in-law has died. Landowner Simon Elliot had been married to Camilla's younger sister, Annabel for 50 years. Camilla had been close to her brother-in-law, with Annabel and Simon even joining the King and Queen Consort on their honeymoon at Balmoral in 2005. Simon also attended the premiere of James Bond's No Time To Die in 2021. He was alsi at the late Queen's funeral last September. Annabel married Simon in 1972 and during their five-decade marriage, they had three children. READ MORE: King Charles given heads up of Lilibet and Archie's title change before Sussex statement The couple's son was former Conservative Party chairman Ben Elliot, who resigned as co-chair shortly after Liz Truss was elected as the Conservative Party's leader last year. The heartache comes just months after Camilla's cousin was found dead at the Durrant Hotel in London. Charles Villiers killed himself at the Marylebone-based hotel in August 2022. The 59-year-old's tragic death came after a 10-year divorce battle. READ MORE: Royal Family snub invite to Lilibet's christening as Charles, William and Kate skip event Simon's funeral is set to take place later this month. Along with the event at Buckingham Palace to coincide with International Women's Day, Camilla also released a statement. In a statement, the new Queen praised some of the "remarkable" women she has met over the past year. DON'T MISS William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' [LATEST]Prince Harry could have his 'visa revoked' after admitting using drugs [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf' [ANALYSIS] She wrote, in the statement posted on Twitter: "I would like to take this opportunity to highlight just some of the remarkable women whom I have had the privilege of meeting over the past year. "To me, they represent, not only themselves and their own efforts, but also the millions of brilliant women who made a difference every day." The list, of "remarkable" women, included soap actress Rose Ayling-Ellis, as well as female academics and sporting stars.