Limescale is caused by calcium and magnesium left behind on taps when hard water evaporates. Usually, chemicals are used to banish limescale, however, these can leave harsh smells behind and can leave stains if used incorrectly. With this in mind, fans of cleaning influencer Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their natural solution for removing limescale. The cleaning expert has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her gardening and lifestyle tips online with her fans and followers. Recently, fans of hers have taken to social media to share their own hacks for solving common household problems, including banishing limescale. On one such group, Facebook user Angela Deacon posted: “Hi does anyone know how to remove hard limescale buildup from taps please?” READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again The post was flooded with responses from keen cleaning enthusiasts but the most popular suggestion was to use natural methods like white vinegar, lemons or baking soda - or all three. Glynis Helm wrote: “Try baking soda and lemon.” Mair Hudson said: “Put a piece of lemon in a bag, and tie it to the tap.” Christine Parkins commented: “Soak cotton wool pieces in vinegar with a bit of bicarbonate of soda and lemon juice. “Pack it on the tap, cling film it or bag it, leave it overnight if you can and it should look like new.” Don't miss... Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [LATEST] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] ‘Game-changing’ item to ‘instantly’ remove washing machine odours [ANALYSIS] Sylvia Kidd suggested: “Vinegar. Put it in a bit of cling film, put a plastic band around it and leave it. It’s brilliant.” Patricia Yates wrote: “I mix bicarbonate of soda with white vinegar and tie a plastic bag over it overnight.” Lemon juice and vinegar are both acidic which means they can easily break down the calcium carbonate that limescale is made from. Baking soda, or bicarbonate of soda, is alkaline so it makes calcium buildup more soluble. It works particularly well with an acid like vinegar or lemon juice. READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea All three items are common cupboard ingredients can can be found in most homes. However, they can also be found online and in most local supermarkets for under £2 each. Stardrops White Vinegar Multi-Purpose Cleaning Spray costs 99p from Asda. Asda Tangy & Zesty Lemons cost £1 for four, working out at 25p per lemon. Sainsbury's Lemons Unwaxed cost £1.50 for a minimum of five. M&S Bicarbonate of Soda costs £1.05 from Ocado and Clean+Natural Bicarb Of Soda costs £1.19 from Savers. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Viakal, a 2p coin, Harpic and Kilrock spray. Fiona McCaig replied: “Viakal or Harpic limescale.” Linda Brewster Hindmarch said: “Viakal limescale remover.” Lisa Daykin commented: “2p piece. Rub it on limescale and wipe it off. Then repeat until it has all disappeared.” Gary J. Flaxman posted: “Cillit Bang limescale remover. The orange and purple bottle. Awesome stuff!” Kelly Elphick said: “Viakal leaves them sparking!” Nicci Netting replied to the post: “Kilrock is amazing. You can sometimes get it in Aldi and Savers. “I just put some in an old cup with boiling water and put the spout in the cup and just sit there for a few minutes watching it disappear.”