By which I mean they believe it’s perfectly acceptable not to bother working but instead to live off benefits and do the odd job on the side – then moan about how they’re not being given enough money to get by. Whatever the reality, experts believe there could be as many as a million missing workers in the UK. Fears of a huge spike in unemployment when furlough and other support measures were withdrawn after Covid restrictions were lifted failed to materialise and, on the contrary, with vacancies at a high of 1.2 million, many employers are struggling to cope with a shortage of staff, not helped, it must be admitted, by the results of leaving the EU. The Office for National Statistics reckons there are 400,000 more people described as “economically inactive” than before coronavirus. Suggestions as to the reason for this include that after lockdown, many older people decided to retire early, particularly those with occupational pensions. And they possibly also couldn’t face going back to long commutes to work or cope with working via zoom. Passing the local food bank, I see people with top-of-the-range phones, expensive footwear and pretty good clothing. But of course they may well have bought these in the good days, before the cost-of-living crisis and the massively rising energy bills, as we are now frequently reading stories of nurses and other people in work still having to resort to this sort of support. I have to say, from a personal point of view, if I didn’t have enough money, I’d go out and find another job. I have a friend with three jobs. But neither does it mean working 24 hours a day. Maybe it’s the aftermath of Covid, which trapped us at home, cut off friendships and escape on holiday and made us worry about the next cataclysm – such as the Ukraine war – but you do sometimes get the impression now that people think they’re entitled to whatever they want, whether they can afford it or not. I’m glad the awful Adam Graham (or Isla Bryson, take your pick) has finally been sentenced to eight years in prison for rape. Whether this person was pretending to be trans for an easier life in prison or not, the fallout from the case will have caused all sorts of difficulties for those folk genuinely going through the very difficult business of deciding where their heads are at as far as sexuality or gender is concerned. Most of the people deciding whether they wish to live in the body they were born with or the body they think they will be happier in just want to be left alone to get on with it. Disgruntled dog owners are growling in discontent at the suggestion by Lord Ivar Mountbatten to charge £60 a year for walking their canines on his 100-acre Devon estate, Bridwell Park. Ironically, Lord Ivar, inset a cousin of King Charles, whose Orangery Café featured in ITV’s Keeping Up With The Aristocrats, is having difficulty keeping up with being part of the landed gentry. “The rise in living and operational costs in the past 12 months means our maintenance, management and operational obligations have spiralled far higher than the return of coffee, cake and community events can cover,” he writes in his local parish magazine. He’s proposing a £60 annual “Friends of Bridwell” pass with other benefits. That works out at a fiver a month, which seems cheap to me for the chance of walking over some of the most beautiful countryside in Britain. I have a friend who inherited a very well-known country house estate. To be fair, he has made a success of it, but it meant he had to give up his life. The running costs of some of these places are absolutely horrendous. Friday saw the departure of yet another big BBC radio presenter, his last show on Radio 2 disgracefully brought forward by a month by the broadcaster. At least Ken Bruce left of his own volition, to a berth in commercial radio, perhaps seeing the writing on the wall as the BBC chases a mythical young audience. A spate of older presenters have recently been forced out or announced they will be leaving the BBC, including Vanessa Feltz, Craig Charles, Simon Mayo, Steve Wright and Paul O’Grady – all to be replaced by far younger presenters. Ken, 72, is a brilliant broadcaster, and there are very few radio stars left like that now. I have no doubt many of his loyal listeners will follow him to his new station Stars like Ken, Tony Blackburn, Johnny Walker and Dave Lee Travis made radio what it is. Losing more mature presenters from the BBC makes you wonder what bosses are thinking. Not the same as you and me, for certain! Amazing how a juvenile jape can end up with Suella Braverman pontificating on blasphemy. Last month a pupil brought into Kettlethorpe High School in Wakefield a Quran, apparently as a dare after losing a match on violent video game Call Of Duty. The cover of the Islamic text was torn and some pages marked when the boy dropped it at the school. Four teenage students involved were suspended. There were allegedly also “death threats”. Minister for Schools Nick Gibb said: “The death threats are totally unacceptable.” The fact this was a “dare” suggests the boys were aware of the possible dangers of their action so really should have known better. But as Suella Braverman commented in a newspaper, Britain’s blasphemy laws ended in 2008, and “there is no right not to be offended”. Nevertheless, as a matter of courtesy, as the school’s head said, its “values are to ensure that all religions are respected”. Let’s face it, would Christians be happy if the Bible got similar treatment? Everybody's talking about Northern Ireland and the possible Protocol deal. It’s doing wonders for Rishi’s popularity. Unlike Boris, he might just actually “get Brexit done”. But we still have to wait for the DUP’s lawyers to crawl through the small print. And many of the people of Northern Ireland – who, incidentally, voted against Brexit – must be fed up with having no power-sharing government for ages. It’s a small part of the UK, but a powder keg of emotion and violence, as the recent shooting of a policeman sadly showed.