Gary Lineker 'has not agreed to step back' from Match of the Day this weekend and has instead been taken off air by the BBC following an impartiality row over his social media use. The former England striker is now at the centre of a major story after causing controversy with a tweet earlier this week, in which he criticised the government's new asylum policy. Lineker had stated the policy has been outlined in language "that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s," which in the view of the BBC, was a breach of their guidelines. The national broadcaster is now set to hold further discussions with Lineker over his future, however, it's understood he will not be apologising for his comments which he considers to be freedom of speech. The BBC has since advised the 62-year-old to "keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies." Despite suggestions Lineker was the one to decide he would not be presenting Match of the Day this Saturday night, it has now emerged that the decision was taken out of his hands. JUST IN: Ian Wright branded 'legend' after Match of the Day snub in solidarity with Gary Lineker Sky News reporter Rob Harris tweeted: "Source close to Gary Lineker says he has not agreed to step back from MOTD - claiming the BBC has taken him off air. "It’s understood Lineker is unwilling to apologise for his tweets and admit he should not have posted them. The BBC has been approached for comment." The decision has since caused huge backlash within media circles, while colleague Ian Wright has since confirmed he will not be partaking in the production of this weekend's show in solidarity with his close friend. Wright tweeted: "Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity." Alan Shearer has since followed in his footsteps, confirming on Twitter that he too, would not be taking part in the production. Don't miss... Dan Walker aims dig at BBC as he brands Gary Lineker MOTD row 'a mess' [LATEST] Ian Wright branded 'legend' after Match of the Day snub for Lineker [REACTION] Gary Lineker steps down from BBC Match of the Day LIVE updates [LIVE] An ourpour of support has already arrived for Lineker, spanning across the sporting landscape and broadcast industry. Former England international Gary Neville took to Twitter to write: "When you take on the Tories and the system! Awful people who we need gone." Piers Morgan also quickly chimed in with his thoughts, comparing Lineker's predicament with the BBC to that of Alan Sugar several years ago. He wrote: "How pathetically spineless.. I now demand the BBC suspend every presenter who has made public comment about news or current affairs - starting with Sir David Attenborough and Lord Sugar." The BBC also announced they are now striving to find some middle ground with MOTD host Lineker over his use of social media moving forward. "When it comes to leading our football and sports coverage, Gary is second to none," a BBC spokesperson added. "We have never said that Gary should be an opinion free zone, or that he can't have a view on issues that matter to him, but we have said that he should keep well away from taking sides on party political issues or political controversies." Earlier this week, Lineker declared he was looking forward to presenting this weekend's show as it would provide an escape from the row that he considers to have been blown out of proportion. He wrote on Twitter: "Happy that this ridiculously out of proportion story seems to be abating and very much looking forward to presenting [Match of the Day] on Saturday. Thanks again for all your incredible support. It's been overwhelming." When approached by reporters and journalists in person on Thursday morning, Lineker said: "yes I would like to say something, very good morning to you." He was then asked whether he feared suspension by the BBC, to which he responded "no" as he walked around the back of a vehicle he would later climb into. Lineker added when asked if he was in contact with the BBC: "I'm always talking to the BBC." He was also asked if he'd spoken to the general director, to which he added: "yeah" before continuing: "Well, we chat often." Finally, Lineker was asked if he regretted the tweet to which he replied: "no" and when asked if he stood by the opinion, he concluded "[Of] course". The BBC are refusing to comment on the saga, a spokesperson said: "We don't have anything further to add to the statement."