Endeavour is coming to an end on ITV with the final episode titled Exeunt. Dorothea Frazil (played by Abigail Thaw) is an editor at the Oxford Mail and in the finale, Morse (Shaun Evans) investigates a number of untimely death notices in the paper. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about actress Thaw, including who she is married to. In the final Endeavour episode, Morse spots a number of death notices in the Oxford Mail which each include a cryptic message. This takes him to a series of funerals before forcing him to confront his own mortality. The editor of the Oxford Mail is Dorothea Frazil and she is played by Abigail Thaw, whose father John played the original Inspector Morse. The actress said her father would have approved of the ITV series, telling What to Watch: "I like to think that dad would have given it the nod of approval. "We made it our own, we weren’t trying to ape Inspector Morse, but I've always had him as a sort of benign presence on set just there on my shoulder, and I’ve loved that. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find "I think he's up there smiling. Dad would have loved Shaun, and would have totally respected Shaun’s wishes to not emulate him but with the writing, you could still absolutely see Morse and the man he was about to become." The actress is married to Nigel Whitmey and the pair met at the esteemed drama school RADA in the mid-1980s. They tied the knot six years later in 1986 and Thaw gave birth to a daughter, Molly-Mae Whitmey, in 1997. In 2003 the pair welcomed their second daughter, Talia, and the family live in Muswell Hill, North London. Her husband Nigel, 60, is a British-Canadian actor whose credits include Black Earth Rising and Doctor Who. He was born in Peace River, Alberta, with his family having emigrated there from Liverpool, England, where his father had been employed as a medical officer of health. He came to London in the mid-1980s to study drama at RADA and this is where he met Thaw. The star's other credits include Casualty, Waking the Dead and Agatha Christie's Poirot.  Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST] Endeavour makes history with heartwarming scene in final series  [INSIGHT] Endeavour's Roger Allam warns Thursday and Morse 'in real danger' [INTERVIEW] He is also known for his voice acting roles and has played parts in the two Battlefield games of the Bad Company series, Crysis Warhead and Cyberpunk 2077. One of his latest roles was in the video game The Ascent and he had a guest role in The Crown in 2019. The pair's daughter Molly had a cameo as the younger version of her grandmother Sally Alexander in the Endeavour episode titled Oracle. Sally Alexander was John Thaw's first wife, and Abigail's mother. Thaw spoke about her father's love of playing Morse, saying the role "meant the world" to him. She added: "Initially, he was unsure whether anyone would want to be bothered with this grumpy, vaguely alcoholic, miserable loner. "But then he fell in love with the character. When he was in The Sweeney, every bloke wanted to fight him, whereas with Inspector Morse, everyone wanted to shake his hand." The final episode of Endeavour will include nods to the very first Inspector Morse film, The Dead of Jericho. Endeavour concludes on Sunday on ITV at 8pm