Prolonged unemployment for many means a life on the margins, blocked from the social, financial and health benefits gained by others through work.  I have seen it for myself, up and down the nation.  Entire households where the kids see worklessness as the norm, parents feel less and less able to ever get out, grandparents left to fend for themselves. And often a downward spiral towards disadvantage, criminality, and dysfunction resulting in a huge bill for the state. That’s why I am so concerned about so-called “economic inactivity”.  The consequence of lockdown has been an explosion in working-age welfare.  Data from the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) suggests there are around 1.6 million more claimants since 2020 costing the taxpayer some £13 billion more in welfare benefits. At the same time, we have some 1.4 million job vacancies holding British businesses back. In his Spring Budget on Wednesday, the Chancellor has a great opportunity to help get people out of welfare and back into work.  But he can only do this if he focuses his efforts on the fastest-growing category of claimants, the 3.5 million or so with “No Work Requirements”. For the most part, these are people out of work due to long-term sickness and disability.  They have been signed off after an assessment due to caring responsibilities, physical and mental health conditions.  Due to their circumstances, they are exempt from any rules designed to encourage or help them into work. Many people in this category as a result of their condition may never be able to work and should be treated with compassion and support.  But from research done by the Centre for Social Justice (CSJ), we know that others, at least 700,000, say that they would like to work, with even more saying they could with the right support. That number represents more than half of all vacancies currently in the economy, ready to try and willing to get into work.  Unlocking this group of people’s potential would cut billions of pounds from the nation’s benefits bill while helping to fire up the economy. We know how to help this hidden army into work.  Universal Support was designed to complement Universal Credit, specifically to help claimants overcome barriers to work. We know it works at a local level via Greater Manchester’s “Working Well” programme, drawn from the original plans I had to give that extra bit of support.  It has seen 42 per cent of participants move into work after just over a year, compared to just 25 percent of those on the wider Work and Health Programme after two years. By contrast, just two per cent of this group typically move into work without the same support.  Now is the time for the government to use the billion-pound underspend on the poorly targeted Restart scheme to roll out Universal Support nationally.   But we also know that many in this group fear that they will lose their benefits if a job does not work out (although this is not the case on Universal Credit). The result is that for thousands it’s become far safer to do nothing instead. So alongside Universal Support, the government should announce an “Into Work Guarantee”, reassuring claimants that if the job doesn’t work out, they can return to their earlier benefits without undergoing a new work capability assessment for a set period. There are more than 700,000 people on benefits who want to work with the right help. The CSJ estimates that adopting Universal Support and the Into Work Guarantee would see an additional 300,000 inactive claimants in work before the end of the current Parliament, transforming the economy’s fortunes. But more importantly, it would transform thousands of lives.  What is the Conservative Party if it is not for helping people improve the quality of their lives by helping them be more independent through work.