Tammy Slaton weighed more than 700lbs when she first appeared on TLC's hit TV show alongside her sassy sister Amy. She has undergone a dramatic transformation and now enjoys a much healthier lifestyle, sharing regular updates with fans on social media. While the majority of people have been supportive of the television star's weight overhaul, the 1000lb Sisters star still says she is found "intimidating". Tammy has dropped down to 550lbs and appears happier than ever in recent clips shared with her 400,000 fans on Instagram. She had to undergo strict diet plans from doctors at a food rehabilitation centre and even ended up on life support as a result of her weight. Starring recently in season four of the popular programme, Tammy was seen entering the rehab centre after the near-fatal health scare. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview After coming off social media for a year, Tammy recently returned and wowed fans as she showed off her dramatic transformation – looking totally unrecognisable. She recently posed for snaps on her friend's Instagram Story as Tammy flaunted her noticeably smaller frame in the images. While she smiled at the camera, pal Joshua's photo was captioned: "Literally the hottest girl in the world" and "Love you Tammy". But it was in a recently shared clip from 1000lb Sisters that Tammy appeared less upbeat, admitting that she was "a little intimidating". Speaking in confessional, Tammy admitted: "I can be a little intimidating I guess, cause of my size and I've got resting b***h face." Despite calling herself "super-size big", she went on to praise herself, saying she was a "beautiful woman". "I'm not a BBW, I'm an SSBBW - super-size big, beautiful woman," Tammy quipped. Only recently she gave herself a confidence boost as she gushed over her incredible weight loss – in comparison to her early days on 1000lb Sisters. "When I got on the scale and saw it was at 534.7, I kinda stopped breathing for a second. From over 700, that’s a huge drop," Tammy admitted. "I did that! I’m feeling thrilled, proud, excited — just all the emotions. I proved everybody wrong. Everybody that doubted me, I finally got mine! My told-you-so moment!" It was in a recent episode that she put her weight loss success down to the love and support of her beloved family members. "I needed to know that they love me no matter what," she said. Tammy added of her family: "I needed to know that they're here for me. They love me. "That's one of the biggest things to help push me through to get to where I am now." She had just stepped on the scales in the recent TLC episode, revealing that she had reached her goal to allow her life-changing surgery. During the episode, sister Amanda exclaimed: "Tammy, did you see that?" while she added: "I’m just so proud of her." 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.