Ian Wright and Alan Shearer both shared the same disappointment after Gabriel Jesus made his return to action. The striker came on as a second-half substitute in Arsenal's win at Fulham on Sunday. Arsenal eased to a 3-0 win at Craven Cottage. Three assists from Leandro Trossard in the first half saw off Marco Silva's side. Jesus was named in a Gunners match day squad for the first time since November. He has recovered from a knee injury which forced him to sit on the sidelines for the last three months. Mikel Arteta felt comfortable to bring him on with 13 minutes of the match remaining. Arsenal fans reserved their biggest cheer of the afternoon for when he stepped onto the pitch.  Read more... Alan Shearer and Ian Wright return to TV a day after boycotting BBC [LATEST] But it could have been even louder if the former Manchester City star had taken a chance that came his way. Jesus was through on goal but stumbled slightly as a weak shot was saved by Bernd Leno. Wright says that was the only disappointment from Jesus' return. He told Premier League Productions: "I was [delighted] and I was just hoping he could have just stayed on his feet. "We were all desperate for him to score as Arsenal people because it does make a massive difference when you've been on the treatment table that long, you score a goal, it just gives you that feeling again. I was hoping that he could have got that." Wright and Shearer were working as pundits for the first time since they pulled out of Match of the Day duty as a show of solidarity with Gary Lineker. Shearer believes a goal would have done Jesus wonders.  Don't miss... Casemiro lets Man Utd down as Ten Hag gamble fails in Southampton draw [COMMENT] Casemiro to be handed long suspension in major blow for Man Utd [LATEST] BBC crisis hits Sunday shows as Chelsea vs Man Utd and MOTD2 impacted [NEWS] The Newcastle great said: "Nearly [the perfect return]. The result was perfect, him getting on for 15 minutes or so was perfect, and you can imagine what it would have done to him, all that hard work, in the gym on your own, looking at the players going out everyday training, all that hard work would have been all worthwhile. "I know he'll be feeling good because he's back on the football pitch, and the atmosphere and you get that great feeling again. But it would have been perfect had he seen the ball hit the back of the net." In his post-match press conference, Arteta insisted Jesus must fight for his place in the team. He said of his return: "He has to earn his place like in any other team. "We have alternatives who can play in different positions and we have different goals as well to fill in relation to the chemistry of the players and what we ask them to do. It’s a great problem to have, believe me."  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE