The heartbroken father of a woman killed with two others in a car crash has shared new photos of her in a devastating tribute. Eve Smith, 21, died alongside her childhood friend Darcy Ross, also 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, after the car they were in left the road on the outskirts of Cardiff early on Saturday morning. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, remain in a critical condition. Eve's grieving dad, Everton, posted a message to her last night, describing the "numbness" he felt, saying: "I loved you more than words can say." He wrote on Facebook: "It’s taken a couple of days and I just can’t believe what has happened, the pain and numbness constantly reminding me that I will never see my beautiful daughter Eve again." Everton added: "I would give anything to hear her sing a song again, fly high my queen. I loved you more than words can say and will cherish the 21 years I had with you bossing my life! "My family & I would appreciate time to grieve and [mourn]. Thank you."  The post prompted an outpouring of support from well-wishers on the social media platform. Facebook user Teighlor Jade Richards wrote: "So sorry for your loss, sending so much love to you and your family at this heartbreaking time." Michael Caruana said in a post: "I’ve been by your side for the last couple of days as have others, and it kills me seeing you go through this pain. You’ve always been like a big brother to me and I love and respect you. My heart my goes out to you and your family." Claudia Laïda wrote: "She truly was the most gorgeous girl with the biggest heart. Fly high Eve❤️ Thinking of you and all the family xx." READ ABOUT SARAH FERGUSON NOT ATTENDING THE CORONATION  Fellow Facebook user Hannah Bolton commented: "So deeply sorry for the loss of your truly beautiful daughter  Absolutely tragic, rest in eternal peace." Officers believe the car the group was travelling in was involved in a collision before it left the A48(M), but detectives are still trying to establish the exact time. The group had been to a social club in Maesglas, Newport, on Friday and are thought to have then travelled 40 miles to the Trecco Bay area of Porthcawl. After failing to go home, the five were reported missing by their families. The first call reporting the victims as missing was made to police at 7.34pm on Saturday with further reports made up until 5.37pm on Sunday.   Don't miss... Two dead after planes collide mid-air and crash into fireball in road [REPORT] Macron threatens longer airport chaos for British travellers  [LATEST] Beijing warns US-China 'heading for conflict and confrontation' [REVEALED] Mr Jeanne's sister, Ffion Actie, told Sky News at a vigil on Tuesday she feels "disappointed" police did not act sooner. She said: "I heard the girls' mums had contacted (police) but it had taken several hours (to respond). I feel they should have acted straight away." Ms Actie added: "I like to think that if (police) got there sooner, it would have been a different outcome." Members of a search party, Matthew Pace, 45, and his son Lewis, 26, told Sky News they found the car shortly before officers arrived after seeing tyre marks leading off the road and into a wooded area.  South Wales Police maintains the car was spotted by helicopter just before midnight on Sunday with officers on the ground reaching the vehicle minutes later. In a previous statement, Ms Smith's family asked for their privacy to be respected. They added: "We want to allow Gwent Police and South Wales Police the time and space to investigate the matter in a thorough and professional way and to enable the Independent Office for Police Conduct thereafter to come to their own conclusions." The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) launched an investigation into the forces amid all the allegations they did not take matters seriously enough.  IOPC director David Ford said: "After careful assessment of referrals from Gwent Police and South Wales Police, we have decided to independently investigate how police responded to the missing person reports. "We will be examining what information police had, the grading given to any risk assessments and the steps taken by police to locate the missing people prior to the Volkswagen Tiguan being found just after midnight on Monday. "We will also consider what communication took place between the two forces and whether police action was appropriate and followed relevant policy and procedures."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this news story. Please check back regularly for updates on this developing story. Get email updates on the day’s biggest stories straight to your inbox by signing up for our newsletters. Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you by following Express every time you see our name. Follow Express on Google News. Follow Express on Apple News. Follow Express on Flipboard. You can follow us and sign up for Twitter alerts here @daily_express. Keep up-to-date with your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day by following us on Facebook at  