A driver was jailed for 14 years for hitting a woman and carrying on driving, despite being aware his car was dragging her body for more than half a mile. Pierce Whelan had been smoking cannabis and was twice over the alcohol limit when he hit Nawelle Ormerod on June 19, 2021.   The 35-year-old also hit another pedestrian at the junction of Roanne Ringway and Coton Road in Nuneaton. Whelan pleaded guilty to mum-of-one Nawelle Tina Ormerod's manslaughter and also causing serious injury to the male pedestrian. Ms Ormerod, 37, died at the scene and the 26-year-old man was left with a broken arm which needed nine screws to fix it. Whelan continued to drive for more than half a mile and was captured by CCTV driving with his window down because of severe damage to his windscreen. READ MORE: Nord Stream pipeline attack probe sees pro-Ukraine group suspected   Don't miss... MPs warn plot to tie UK in 'knots' could derail migrant crisis plans [UPDATE] Biden's Budget hits 'winning issue' as he can channel 'populist' anger [REVEAL] Energy crisis as suppliers fire up contingency plans in UK cold snap [INSIGHT] After abandoning the vehicle, he called in to see his girlfriend in Nuneaton, Warks. He was arrested when he went to a police station later that day. On March 3, the drink-driver was sentenced at Warwick Crown Court to 14 years in prison. Emily Clewer from the Crown Prosecution Service, said: “This is one of the worst hit and run cases I have come across. "Pierce Whelan knowing fully well he had hit someone failed to stop at the scene and continued driving his car with no regards for Nawelle Tina Ormerod who was trapped beneath his car.    "I hope this case serves as a warning to others who may be tempted to drink and drive. "Driving while intoxicated ruins lives, and we will prosecute offenders to the full extent of the law." Inspector Michael Huntley, from Warwickshire Police's Serious Collision Investigation Unit, said: “The horrific consequences of Pierce Whelan’s actions on June 19 2021 have been devastating for the family and everyone who knew Nawelle Ormerod. "Nawelle leaves a husband and son, who keenly feel their loss and my thoughts remain with them. "Lives changed forever on that day, including the life of the man who was also hit by Whelan’s car." Whelan has also received a lifetime driving ban.