Vicky Simpson was 16 weeks pregnant when she was left to identify the body of her teenage son who was killed by a “selfish and reckless” driver. Her son, Liam Simpson was 18 when he was killed by a hit-and-run driver.  Recalling the dreadful day, Ms Simpson said that she kept smiling while looking at the photo she had just uploaded to Facebook of her son as he was getting ready for his first ever night out. The 41-year-old mother had taken him to the barbers, before cooking his favourite pasta dinner. Little she knew it would be his last meal. Now, heartbroken Vicky spoke out in memory of her beloved son - after the man behind the wheel, Daniel Beck, now 34, was let out of prison after only serving half his sentence.   She said: “Liam was the kindest soul and loved by everyone. “We had the best day before he went out – I cooked his favourite tea, Spaghetti Bolognese, to make sure he'd lined his stomach. “I made sure to get his hair cut and picked out some clothes for him as he mainly had sports clothes. "Before he left I made him stand for some pictures because he looked so lovely. "Little did I know that it would be the last picture of him. As soon as I uploaded them to Facebook, he was already gone." READ MORE: Constance Marten's baby may have 'come to serious harm', say police  Liam, Vicky's eldest and an avid football fan, had just started playing for Holywell Town FC, when he was invited on a night out at a club for his friend Kiran Creedy's 18th birthday. Vicky claimed her son, who dreamed of becoming a primary school teacher, was reluctant to go as he “wasn’t much of a drinker” and had a match the next day. After some convincing from Vicky and her partner Mike, 38, a bricklayer, Liam decided to join his mates on September 30, 2017. Vicky recalls: "It was hard to let him go on the night out, only because I had the usual motherly worries. "I never thought that would be the last time I'd see him. DON'T MISS:Police to conduct post-mortem after Constance Marten's baby found dead [REVEAL]Sussexes said to be left in dark about Prince Andrew move to Frogmore [INSIGHT]Australia reluctant to acquire British nuclear submarines [SPOTLIGHT] "He'd been reluctant to go because he had a football match the next day, but me and Mike had convinced him. I had Liam when I was 17, so we had an extremely close bond. "He always helped me out with his younger brothers - Jack, 21, Max, 15, Jace, 10, and Owen, four. We wanted him to go have some fun. "We are the kind of family who doesn't leave a room without saying 'I love you' and the last thing he said to me was, 'I love you, Mum, don't worry about me, I'll see you in the morning'." Vicky then had to identify Liam's body, while she was 16 weeks pregnant. She said: "That day will haunt me forever. I still have flashbacks and will never be able to unsee his lifeless body on that trolley in the morgue. It was the most horrific thing I have ever had to do.'' Beck was arrested three days later and, after refusing to comment, he claimed he was driving within the speed limit and had no recollection of running away. Beck, then 29, had fled the scene and checked into Arrowe Park Hospital, Merseyside, for treatment on his own injuries. 