There are millions of beauty brands and skincare products on the market, claiming to reverse signs of ageing instantly and make women look 10, 15 or even 20 years younger in a few weeks. Express.co.uk spoke to Nicola Jones, founder of the skincare brand Face Junkie about the products women should be incorporating into their daily skincare routine to see the best results. Nicola spoke about the main skincare issues women face as they get older: “From the women who I speak to, the main concern is loss of firmness, over wrinkles. “As we get older our skin does naturally become less defined, this starts to show around the jawline, sides of the mouth and outer corners of the eyes. Although using a quality Vitamin C and SPF early can really help to prevent this.” The skincare expert also revealed the area of the face that shows signs of ageing the most: “I would say the eyes first due to the skin being much thinner than the rest of the face. This is also amplified by the fact that most people don’t think about applying an SPF around that region of the face.” In terms of how fine lines and wrinkles can be reduced, Nicola recommended a few products: “Fine lines can often be a sign of deeper wrinkles to come. Make sure to drink water throughout the day and keep coffee to a minimum as this is very dehydrating. READ MORE: Makeup artists top tips for ‘fresh, flawless’ skin “They can also be reduced by keeping the skin hydrated with Hyaluronic Acid which attracts water to the skin keeping it plump. #5 Hyaluronic Acid Hydrating Serum is the perfect product to achieve this. “Secondly and most important is a daily SPF cream with added hydration actions. Face Junkies smart hybrid cream #3 Neroli Day Cream + Sunscreen contains UVA/UVB protection of SPF20 plus a dose of hydration via Neroli Oil.” She continued: “As we age, I think it’s important to have monthly skin peels. They are the most effective way to combat discolouration, sun damage and fine lines and wrinkles. Always have a consultation at a reputable clinic to ensure you get the best type of peel for your concerns. “At home, never go to bed without doing your PM routine. Our skin naturally regenerates overnight so applying your night creams can radically improve the signs of ageing. The Face Junkie PM ritual is designed to detox, hydrate, and combat all signs of ageing.” DON'T MISS...Two easy methods to clean your patio without a pressure washer [EXCLUSIVE]‘I tried Michael Mosley’s diet plan for 4 weeks to lose weight' [REVIEW]Warburtons vs supermarket own crumpets compared in taste test [COMMENT] Nicola also has one product she recommends women wear for the rest of their lives: “No brainer, SPF, 365 days a year. The benefits of SPF are limitless, anti-aging is probably the biggest benefit that people know of, however, SPF also works to prevent hyperpigmentation and inflammation.” There are also a few skincare mistakes women make regularly which Nicola mentioned: “Applying products in the wrong order! Every product has its job to do but if it's blocked by another product it will not deliver its optimum impact. “The same can be said for if too many serums are used at once, this can just cause the skin to become overwhelmed which leads to inflammation. “I think many people stop their skincare at the jawline too. Don’t be afraid to extend your cleansers, serums and creams down the neck and chest and even the back of the hands too. These are the most exposed places on the body and where ageing shows the quickest.” READ MORE: Best anti-ageing face exercises to get ‘taut and youthful skin’ For anyone unsure about what products to use in what order, Nicola shared her skincare routine: “I created what I call the six elements of skincare. My AM routine consists of three products only. I start by gently exfoliating and brightening, followed by a dose of Vitamin C serum and a light hydrating day cream with SPF20. “My PM routine is all about detox, hydration, and regeneration. I use our Green Tea Antioxidant Cleansing Oil to remove complexion killing pollution, then a generous dose of Hyaluronic Acid and finish with our Pro Collagen Night Cream which is packed with ingredients to put the vitality back into the skin.” Alongside great skincare products, Nicola recommends using a facial tool to help stimulate the skin. “I’ve been using facials rollers for many years now because you get amazing results with very little effort,” she said. “I use mine straight from the freezer but start with the fridge first if you’re new to them. “With very little pressure work from the jawline centre, outwards and upwards towards the ears and temples. “This rolling technique removes inflammation, reduces blocked sinuses, and puffy eyes and is great for stimulating blood flow which is a great antiaging hack. “Our facial roller is stainless steel, which is naturally antibacterial, antimicrobial and stays cold longer than other materials such jade stone.” As for how Face Junkie is different from other brands, Nicola explained: “We have simplified skincare routines with our hashtag system which leaves no room for confusion about product layering. “Our formulas are a hybrid of raw active ingredients to combat our climate and lifestyles with a fusion of aromatherapeutic scents, so every application feels like a moment at the spa. “Face Junkie is for people who demand high-performing products, instant results, long-term healthy skin and a daily dose of luxury.”