The moment Fortnite fans have been waiting for is almost here, as Chapter 4, Season 2 goes live on PS4, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, PC, Nintendo Switch and Android. Despite some earlier confusion, the new Fortnite season has been given a March 10 release date by Epic Games. Needless to say, the launch of Season 2 coincides with a lengthy period of server downtime, which starts at 7am GMT for fans living in the UK. While there's no official maintenance schedule, the extended downtime is likely to last for at least a couple of hours, which means the game should be back online between 9-10am UK time. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter, alongside confirmation that the new season would be known as Fortnite MEGA. "Made with precision. Prepare for Fortnite MEGA 3.10.2023," reads an Epic tweet. "To clarify any confusion, we plan to go into downtime for Fortnite MEGA Chapter 4 Season 2 on March 10 at 2 AM ET." Despite the update going live on March 10, Fortnite fans have already discovered some of the new skins joining the Battle Pass. In addition to official teasers posted by Epic Games, insiders like Shiina and Hypex have uncovered some of the upcoming skins and gameplay changes. Check out some of the images above for a closer look at the Season 2 Battle Pass rewards and items. Elsewhere, Epic has shown off the futuristic new bike joining Fortnite in the new season, which can also be seen below. According to Hypex, the neon rails in the background of the image are grind rails that players can ride while still firing weapons. The other big new gameplay feature is the addition of a first-person mode, which is rumoured to arrive in Season 2. Hopefully this is a day one feature, although Express Online will update this article to confirm once the update goes live. And because it wouldn't be a new Fortnite season without more pop culture crossovers, the rumours are that Attack on Titan will join the fray with the new season. Other reports suggest new Star Wars skins will be added to the game soon. Unfortunately, however, it's not all good news, especially if you're playing with an older Windows operating system. Epic has announced plans to withdraw support for PCs running Windows 7 and Windows 8, starting with the Season 2 update. If you're unable to make the upgrade, there is a workaround via NVIDIA's GeForce NOW streaming service. By signing up to GeForce NOW players can enjoy Fortnite via cloud streaming on older PCs. Just make sure you have a decent internet connection before you sign up. Fortnite Season 2 will also launch alongside a big new update, which will fix various bugs and make multiple quality of life improvements. You can see the early Fortnite Season 2 patch notes below. Express will keep this post updated with new information, so keep checking back for all the latest developments. Fortnite Season 2 update patch notes... GENERAL FIXES Exiles Emblem Wrap appears yellow - The Exiles Emblem wrap appears bright yellow when used instead of reflecting the colors displayed in the icon. Some outfits, including Jonesy Ranger, looks glossy and shiny - Some outfits like Jonesy Ranger and Rio appear to have a glossy shine to them. Kiss the Cup emote has incorrect audio - When emoting with the Kiss the Cup emote, FNCS music will be heard instead of the World Cup music Postparty loading slowly on iOS - iOS users may experience slow loading when launching the Postparty app. Hurdling is temporarily disabled. - Due to issues, we have temporarily disabled Hurdling. Players are still able to Mantle over taller obstacles. Fixes are coming soon and we'll provide an update when the issues are resolved. Geralt Quest displays as incomplete - We're aware of an issue with the Geralt Quest displaying incomplete 4/5 for some players. As long as you've completed all the requirements this is a visual issue only and will be resolved in the next update. BATTLE ROYALE FIXES • School of Llama banners missing/greyed out - We're aware that banners received from completing School of Llama challenges may be missing from the Locker or "Equip" may be greyed out. • Peely’s Plunder may lead to treasure in inaccessible areas. - Players may find the Peely’s Plunder augment can occasionally lead them to treasure in an inaccessible area. • Falcon Scout binds - We're aware some console players Falcon Scout binds may be unbound when opening Fortnite from sleep mode. • Firing a weapon while sprinting and jumping may not register the hit - Players may experience an issue when firing their weapon while sprinting and jumping. The shot may not do any damage and also does not use ammo. • Controller inputs don’t work on PC when spectating. - When joining a party that is already in a match and spectating them, PC players using a controller may find the controller buttons are unresponsive. CREATIVE FIXES • Damage not taken in Creative edit mode - Player cannot take damage in Creative edit mode regardless of invulnerability settings. MOBILE AND CLOUD FIXES • Players in Performance mode do not see player or chest outlines when they are marked. - After capturing flag points, players using performance mode will not see chest or player outlines. Players using performance mode also won’t see player outlines when marked with the Falkon Scout.