Stevie Nicks hit the stage over the weekend for the first time since her friend and Fleetwood Mac bandmate, Christine McVie, died. The Edge of Seventeen singer hit the stage with Billy Joel in a massive round of entertainment dubbed the Two Icons One Night Tour. During the end of Nicks' set, she performed Landslide, one of her most heartfelt tracks, dedicated to McVie. According to videos of the event, after Nicks finished performing Landslide, she bowed her head into her microphone and took a moment to compose herself. Overcome with emotion, Nicks blinked through teary eyes and told her audience: "I have to imagine she’s still here. It’s all I can do." The star choked up as her band members surrounded her in support. They took their final bow and left the stage. This was the first time Nicks had performed live since McVie's death back in November. McVie was 79-years-old when it was announced on December 1 that she had died. The official Fleetwood Mac social media accounts released a statement confirming her death. It read: "On behalf of Christine McVie’s family, it is with a heavy heart we are informing you of Christine’s death. She passed away peacefully at hospital this morning, Wednesday, November 30th 2022, following a short illness. "She was in the company of her family. We kindly ask that you respect the family’s privacy at this extremely painful time and we would like everyone to keep Christine in their hearts and remember the life of an incredible human being, and revered musician who was loved universally. RIP Christine McVie.” Shortly thereafter, Nicks released a touching statement about the loss of her friend. Don't miss... Daisy Jones & The Six was inspired by a world-famous band [INSIGHT] Elvis's granddaughter Riley Keough stars in new drama [NEWS] Mick Fleetwood on Fleetwood Mac’s future after Christine McVie's death [INFO] Nicks posted on her Instagram account: "A few hours ago I was told that my best friend in the whole world since the first day of 1975, had passed away. I didn’t even know she was ill until late Saturday night. I wanted to be in London; I wanted to get to London — but we were told to wait. So, since Saturday, one song has been swirling around in my head, over and over and over." She then hand-wrote the lyrics to Haim's Hallelujah in another image on her account. Mick Fleetwood also posted a sentimental tribute to McVie. He wrote: "This is a day where my dear sweet Friend Christine McVie has taken to flight.. and left us earthbound folks to listen with bated breath to the sounds of that ‘song bird’... reminding one and all that love is all around us to reach for and touch in this precious life that is gifted to us." He added: "Part of my heart has flown away today.. I will miss everything about you Christine McVie. Memories abound.. They fly to me." The Fleetwood Mac band accounts posted a lengthy tribute about the star, as well. It read: "There are no words to describe our sadness at the passing of Christine McVie. She was truly one-of-a-kind, special and talented beyond measure." They added: "She was the best musician anyone could have in their band and the best friend anyone could have in their life. We were so lucky to have a life with her." The band went on to say they "cherished" Christine and were "thankful for the amazing memories they had" with her. They went on to say she would "be so missed".