Hairy Bikers' Dave Myers was diagnosed with cancer last year and faces having to learn all over again how to ride his brand new motorbike, as chemotherapy sessions have affected his balance and mobility. However, he insists that he is determined to "film around the chemo" as he has no other option. Dave, 64, admitted he is learning to live with his condition, comparing himself to a diabetes sufferer who needs "constant care". Based on that belief, the TV star has decided not to take further time off, regardless of the awkward symptoms he's experiencing. "My God, the chemotherapy doesn't half age you quickly," he confided to Kaye Adams on her How To Be 60 podcast. He lamented: "Your balance goes, and being on a motorbike, that's a disaster! My walking's been affected quite a lot too." READ NOW: Piers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore' However, the strong-minded star added: "I'm going to go back to filming this May and we're going to film around the chemo. "That's just how it is really - one doesn't have an option at the minute," he explained. Dave added that he was feeling "grateful" that the cancer has not spread to any other organs since his original diagnosis. He's been receiving regular physiotherapy sessions in a bid to ease his mobility issues, and a few weeks ago, felt well enough to take a trip to Romania to visit his in-laws. Dave's diagnosis has given him a new perspective on life, and he recently vowed to his wife, Liliana: "I won't whinge ever again if I get through this - I promise I'll never whinge!" However, the BBC Two star joked that, having been married to him for the past 12 years, she has her reasons to be sceptical. "She doesn't believe me!" he chuckled, before adding that Liliana, whom he met while filming an episode of Hairy Bikers in Romania, has been a constant source of support. "She's fought like a mother hen for me, fighting for her chicks!" he revealed proudly. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [LATEST] Ken Bruce 'lingering' at BBC despite exit is 'surprising' - Simon Mayo [OPINION] Tearful Sheridan Smith cuddles son Billy during standing ovation  [PICTURES] His unexpected diagnosis, at the end of March 2022, "came like a bolt from the blue", resulting in "the most uncomfortable week". He has since learnt first-hand how gruelling chemotherapy sessions can be, admitting that he has "no symptoms" of cancer, apart from the exhaustion caused by the treatment. "I've had to learn how to walk again properly," he admitted. Meanwhile, he's purchased a brand new motorbike in anticipation of a health improvement, but now has to "learn how to ride again", too. Besides his wife, he has also benefitted from the unconditional support of his Hairy Bikers co-star Simon King. The pair have travelled the world together for the show, and Si has been quick to show his support, saying that they make a "formidable team". "It's hard seeing someone you love in those trenches - it really is tough," Si told Kate Thornton on White Wine Question Time. However, he added that he has high hopes for his pal's recovery, insisting: "He's as tough as an old boot, which is what we're all relying on. He's as hard as nails!" The full interview with Dave Myers can be found here.