Meghan Markle stepped out for brunch with friends just hours after Archie and Lilibet's new titles were announced. The Duchess of Sussex was caught beaming as she left Harvest Home in Santa Monica, Los Angeles. Meghan attended the organisation to create a pop up baby boutique. A statement on the Archewell website said: "Happy International Women’s day to all of you! Whether donating your time, funds, or helping a woman in your community, let’s all celebrate the women in our lives today and every day!" It comes as the Royal Family's official website has been updated to reflect the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's children's new titles, Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet. Harry and Meghan's youngsters became a prince and princess on the accession of their grandfather the King six months ago, but the Sussexes publicly used Lili's title for the first time on Wednesday when announcing their daughter's christening. Archie and Lili are now listed on royal.uk's line of succession page as Prince Archie of Sussex and Princess Lilibet of Sussex. READ MORE: Inside incredible $25.5m Hollywood home bought $2bn lottery winner Previously they were Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. The siblings are sixth and seventh in line to the throne, having already moved up a place each after the death of the late Queen. A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said the decision to use the titles had been "settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace". "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch.  "This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace," the spokesperson said. Lili, who is 21 months old, was christened in an intimate ceremony at the Sussexes' family home in California on Friday, watched by her grandmother Doria Ragland and celebrity godfather Tyler Perry. The King, the Queen Consort and the Prince and Princess of Wales were reportedly invited but did not attend. The "alignment" on the titles has given rise to suggestions Harry and Meghan will attend the King's coronation in May, which also falls on Archie's fourth birthday. Don't miss... US tourists call Big Ben ‘boring’ [INSIGHT] 'I put my son to bed at 4:30pm and I don't need to justify myself' [LATEST] Harry and Meghan warned US is 'absolutely sick of them' [VIDEO] Bookmakers Coral said the Sussexes were now odds-on at 4-6 to witness the historic spectacle, flip-flopping from 4-6 to not attend before the titles announcement. A Coral spokesman said: "Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are being tight-lipped about their attendance at King Charles III's coronation in May. "Our betting suggests the couple will attend and take their seats for the official ceremony at Westminster Abbey on May 6. "We think this could be an olive branch towards the couple from Buckingham Palace." Odds they will not be present stand at 6-5.