Sex/Life is back on Netflix with a second season and it saw Billie Connelly (played by Sarah Shahi) attempt to move on after the Brad Simon (Adam Demos) heartbreak. She dipped her toes into the dating pool once more but her romance journey brought her right back to Brad. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the show's future. Billie's love life was not off to a great start as she was left heartbroken after divorcing Cooper (Mike Vogel). What made matters worse was that she discovered her other love interest, Brad, had also moved on with another woman. This prompted her to start setting her sights on a new man and she met Majid (Darius Homayoun), who treated her well. The only issue was, he was not prepared to act like a father figure to Billie's children. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview This was a deal-breaker for Billie and she decided to call things off with Majid. Billie soon found out things happen for a reason as she bumped into Brad, who was now single again, at her friend's wedding. He said he only ever had eyes for her and the pair ended up getting married, with Billie revealing she was pregnant. At this moment in time, Netflix is yet to officially renew the series for a third outing. However, this does not mean fans should lose hope as it is still early days, with the second season only being released on March 2. The streaming platform usually waits a few weeks to assess the viewership figures before making a decision. With this in mind, hopefully fans will have an update on the show's future by the end of March. As everyone got their happy ending in the season two finale, it is difficult to say where the show could go next. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice star details private conversation with Lord SugarSex/Life season 2 ending explained as Billie finds happinessSex/Life season 2 welcomes some new love interests to the cast If the series is renewed, it could see Billie and Brad deal with new challenges in their relationship, especially with a baby on the way. Perhaps family life was not on the cards for them after all, but viewers will have to wait and see. Speaking about the second season, Shahi told ENews: “This season is really about second chances, it’s about hope, it’s about timing. "It takes all the themes from the first season and adds a few more life-y things into the mix.” Creator Stacy Rukeyser said she was thrilled the series had made it to a second season. “Sex/Life is a dream come true, she said. "To create a show about empowered female sexuality that has entranced so many millions of viewers is not only immensely fun but also incredibly gratifying. "When I think about all the women who have reached out from all over the world to say that the show speaks to them in a deeply personal way, I am so inspired.” Sex/Life season 2 is on Netflix now.