Southampton residents have reported a "huge" explosion emanating from an oil refinery in Fawley. Several Twitter users have taken to the social media platform tonight as they heard a "boom" rock the area. According to the local witnesses, the explosion was followed by alarms coming from the site. Twitter user @TheMMABulldog said: "Huge explosion noise a moment ago from Fawley refinery followed by alarms anyone know what’s going on there???" Another user, @BlinkingAllWays, asked: "What just went boom in Southampton?" User @twiggslane said their "house shook" and added that "alarms are going off". Another, @dan_of_steele, whose parents live near the refinery said: "My parents seem to think something big just exploded at Fawley refinery." READ MORE: Explosion at house in South Shields rocks residential area Crews with nearby Hardley Fire Station are currently on standby, the service said on the platform. The service said: "#BellsDown 20:46. Currently standby on station following sounds of an explosion near Fawley. "Remaining on station as a precaution at this time, ensuring we are out the door as quickly as possible if needed." A spokesman for Exxon Mobil, which operates Fawley oil refinery, apologised for the disruption, and stressed operations were "safe". They said: "We apologise for the noise that came from our operations this evening, and for any concern this may have caused. "Our on-site teams are working to understand the cause. "Our operations remain safe and are continuing as normal. Thank you for your understanding." Local police said officers responded to reports of an explosion, adding there was "no cause for concern" and that the incident is being investigated. Waterside Police said in a statement: "We have received reports of a loud bang at Fawley Refinery. "This was also heard by officers from the Waterside Police team and officers from Response and Patrol who were in the Waterside area. "Police immediately responded to the scene. The refinery have stated that at this time there is no concern to the public and the incident is being investigated." "Refinery employees will be searching the site to confirm and identify any issues but everything is stable and no issue has been identified by sensors or CCTV. "Fire crews are on standby and the Waterside team will be patrolling the area."