Where do the Royal Family love to vacation when they aren't undertaking royal duties? Karl Thompson, Managing Director at Unique Vacations UK Ltd., an affiliate of the worldwide representative for Sandals and Beaches Resort, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about a royal favourite travel destination. Sandals Royal Bahamian, an all-Inclusive resort with its own private beach, is located in Nassau, The Bahamas. Karl told Express.co.uk: "Sandals Royal Bahamian is steeped in royal history. After King Edward VIII abdicated the throne in the 1940’s to marry Wallis Simpson, the couple fled to The Bahamas where Edward was made Governor. "There, they established their residence at what was once the Balmoral Club in Nassau, now known as Sandals Royal Bahamian Spa Resort and Offshore Island. "The couple so adored the club that Edward VIII located his offices there, and together they turned it into a hub of year-round glamour in Nassau - attracting a glittering crowd of world leaders and celebrities." READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about 'horrible stink' from other passengers Since the 1940s, the gorgeous, luxury location has been visited by a number of Royal Family members. Karl continued: "After the departure of the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, official and unofficial visits from various members of the royal family then followed from the 1950’s onwards." A very important royal was once pictured at the stunning resort - the late Duke of Edinburgh. Karl said: "There is even a photo of HRH the late Prince Philip standing at the bottom of the steps at Sandals Royal Bahamian Resort & Offshore Island many years ago, when attending a Bahamas National Trust function." In the days that Balmoral Club was the Sandals Royal Bahamian Spa Resort and Offshore Island, many A-list celebrities graced its doors. Karl revealed that The Beatles filmed part of their movie Help! at the resort, locations including the Balmoral Club and on Sandals Royal Bahamian’s own offshore private island. Nowadays, the resort boasts a Royal Village, the epitome of luxury and privacy. The official website states: "Experience a peaceful sanctuary of villa suites reminiscent of a quaint country village, boasting a truly royal experience with quiet pools and cabanas tucked into lush gardens. READ MORE: ‘Quirky’ British city is one of the world's best staycations  "The Royal English Hideaway Villas offer a romantic private enclave, with every amenity from expansive bedrooms to elegant sitting areas. "The villas are for couples who want to reign in privileged privacy, in a luxurious domain all their own, and are the perfect setting for a Bahamas honeymoon." Many former guests of Sandals Royal Bahamian have left reviews of the hotel on TripAdvisor, praising the lavish facilities and incredible staff, many of them amazed by the attentiveness of the butlers some guests are entitled to. A former guest commented: "I couldn’t recommend more, we had an AMAZING TIME. Butlers made our trip. Every need was met from the minute we landed. "We will return soon. So clean and quiet and romantic. Upgrade the room if you can." One said: "Me and my wife really enjoyed Sandals Royal Bahamian! They are very professional and very courteous staff, very well run resort! "Would most definitely recommend this resort for a couples getaway. Beautiful beaches and we loved the private island." Another seconded this rave review: "My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our five-night stay at the Royal Bahamian. "The friendly staff, the delicious meals, the cleanliness of the resort, the fantastic drinks, the beautiful beach, the first class service, the perfect room, and the exceptional and friendly service from our Butler team, especially Okeamah were all perfect. We had a fantastic time!" For holidaymakers who want the royal treatment, Sandals Royal Bahamian offers some fabulous facilities including 10 fine-dining restaurants, six pools, six whirlpools and three swim-up pool bars, a penthouse fitness centre and both land and water sports.