A father of five has been missing for a week after disappearing on a work trip in which he took a client out to a basketball game. Nathan Millard, 42, never returned back to his hotel room and his family have not heard from him since, his wife said. Millard flew to Baton Rouge on February 22 for what was supposed to be a short trip of just 24 hours but he hasn’t been seen or heard from since, his wife Amber told 11Alive. She said: "My mind has been going nonstop, but I can’t let my mind torture me, and I’m just turning it over to God and prayer, prayer, prayer, staying positive. “He’s a loved man, a great man and we need him, we want him home.” The father of four teenage boys and one daughter, 7, had taken the trip to look for a new site for his Conyers-based company Advanced Construction.  He FaceTimed his wife while at a basketball game to show her the seats he had managed to get for himself and his client. Amber said she never thought that could be her last call with her husband. Following the game, Millard and his client went for a drink at a nearby establishment, Happy Pub, where they were seen on surveillance footage. The night ended and the pair parted ways at around 1:30 am but had plans to meet the following morning at 8am at the job site. READ MORE: Police say disappearance of X Factor's Levi Davis is 'disturbing' The client said he watched Millard leave the bar while he stayed behind to pay off his tab. He left to go to his hotel room, which was nearby, but hotel staff reported that it didn’t look like his hotel room had been used that night. The client called the police for a welfare check at 9 am when Millard failed to show up or respond to messages. In their statement, the Baton Rouge Police Department said Millard was last seen around that time in the downtown area, and that he "was wearing a green ball cap, black shirt and blue jeans." As soon as she woke up, Millard's wife said she "immediately" knew something was off since she "never heard from him" that night as she would usually "at least have a text", she told WAFB.  Amber said her husband's card was used twice on Thursday morning, and surveillance video shows a man using it, reported WAFB and WSB-TV. She told the outlet: "It's a nightmare that I want to wake up from. This is my worst nightmare." “And that’s just my biggest fear, locating his body,” she added. Investigators have reportedly interviewed at least one individual in connection to the disappearance, but have not released new information. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews