Neil Ruddock, 54, a former Premier League football star, revealed that his life had been put at risk after his penchant for indulgence spiralled out of control. However, after meeting TOWIE star James Argent at a match, he was inspired to follow in his footsteps and have two-thirds of his stomach removed in gastric sleeve surgery. According to Neil, the decision to have the op - which helped James shed an impressive 13 stone less than two years earlier - was directly inspired by him. The ex-Liverpool and Spurs defender had previously boasted an athletic and trim figure, but the lockdown cost him that as he gradually became "lazier". Unable to resist temptation after discovering that he could order ice cream without having to leave his house, the pounds piled on. Before long, the anxious sporting star had ballooned to 27 stone. READ NOW: Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint "[I was] just sitting on my backside at home getting bigger and bigger," he revealed. Lamenting his lockdown boredom, Neil added: "I was eating loads and loads of takeaways, making bacon sandwiches just for something to do. "It really didn't help when they brought out Uber Deliveries, I was getting ice cream delivered from Co-op... it's f****** madness!" he exclaimed in an interview published by the Daily Mail. He added that he was in fear for his life at the time when, by a stroke of "fate", he met James at a football match and admired his post-surgery body. Unlike a gastric band, which squeezes the top part of the stomach to form a small pouch, therefore controlling how much is eaten before feeling full, gastric sleeve surgery involves actually removing some of the stomach itself. The NHS website explains that the procedure, usually performed under general anaesthetic, will make the stomach "much smaller than before". The Ramsay Health website suggests that anyone having surgery can lose up to 70 percent of their excess weight. If they overeat following the surgery, they can experience agonising abdominal cramps - but that stage may never be reached, as the smaller stomach means patients feel full much more quickly. DON'T MISS... Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’ [LATEST] Kate Garraway shares horrendous costs of Derek's care [DETAILS] Matt Hancock no longer in I'm A Celeb WhatsApp group, says Babatunde [INSIGHT]  The ex-footballer added that his levels of hunger hormones have been hugely depleted too, as the hormone ghrelin is produced inside the stomach. Neil can now drive past a Mcdonald's without being tempted. "I know a lot of people will read this and say I've cheated [by having gastric sleeve surgery] and I tell you what I did... I cheated death!" he declared adamantly. Neil explained that he now eats just four mouthfuls of each dinner and that on visits to his local curry house, even if he orders a three-course meal, he'll just have light bites of each. The star, known for appearing on reality shows including Celebrity Big Brother, I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! and Celebrity MasterChef, says he doesn't intend to stop there either. His weight loss journey is set to continue, with a couple more stone being the amount he thinks he needs to lose to reach his target weight. Neil says he feels more confident posing nude after shrinking in size, and has joked that even his "wedding tackle" appears bigger since. Another part of his commitment to a healthy lifestyle includes substituting beer for wine, and indulging in lower quantities.