Although NCIS Los Angeles is currently on hiatus, fans remain heartbroken about the hit CBS drama coming to an end after season 14. As the stars spoke about their final day on set, actor Eric Christian Olsen opened up about which Deeks items he refused to give up.  Earlier this year, CBS confirmed NCIS LA would come to an end after 324 episodes hit the screens. The long-running procedural will officially bow out following the season finale on Sunday, May 14. The cast and crew recently took to social media to share a glimpse of the finale as they posted photos from their final day on set. Deek’s Eric Christian Olsen opened up about saying goodbye to the show as he admitted emotions ran high. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Reflecting on the final day, the actor shared: “I cried,” before giving “an impromptu speech.” “What I said, which is the fulfilment of dreams and that the reason that we chose this business was to come out here and tell stories and we got to do that. “We got to tell 324 stories. My parents call it ‘coming home on Sundays,’ like ‘Eric's coming home on Sundays,’ and they get to watch it for an hour." Speaking on his emotions, Eric added: “It comes in waves of gratitude and sadness and celebration.” During his interview with ET Online, Eric confessed to taking home some keepsakes from NCIS LA. He flaunted one of Deek’s jackets at the wrap party, which indicated Eric took ownership of the iconic blazer. The actor also admitted to getting his hands on Deek’s set of dumbbells. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [INSIGHT]NCIS LA Chris O’Donnell admits he ‘had trouble speaking’ on final day [INSIGHT] NCIS' Wilmer Valderrama opens up on 'personal' ties to new role [INSIGHT]   As they filmed the final episode, Eric’s co-star and on-screen wife Daniela Ruah left fans in tears as she took to Instagram with an emotional farewell post to her character, Kensi Blye. Alongside a sombre photo of herself in character, she wrote: “Good night my Kensi. It's been an honour to be you for 14 years.” Daniela also wrote the caption in her native language of Portuguese, with the hashtags: “#TheEnd #Fim #ThatsAWrap.” Both Deeks and Kensi were introduced in season one and, after dating, the characters tied the knot in season 10. In a statement, showrunner R. Scott Gemmill said: “I want to thank both the network and studios for their partnership and support over the years. “Shane Brennan for giving us such a great playground; and my partners John P. Kousakis, Frank Military, Kyle Harimoto, and Andrew Bartels for their tireless efforts and collaboration episode after episode.” He continued: “Our crew has grown to be a true family, and their hard work and dedication has been fundamental to our success year after year. “My deepest gratitude to the cast members, who have brought our characters to life with their impassioned performances — thank you for your talent, professionalism, and continuous enthusiasm. “And to our loyal viewers who loved our characters and followed their journeys, thank you. “We look forward to delivering an end to the series that is both satisfying and does justice to these beloved characters.”  NCIS Los Angeles season 14 returns Sunday, March 19 on CBS in the USA. 