Jurgen Klopp insists he’s “really happy” for Marcus Rashford and his rejuvenated form - even though he plays for Liverpool’s bitter rivals Manchester United. Questions were asked of Rashford last season after he returned just five goals in 32 matches. But the 25-year-old is enjoying his best ever season yet under Erik ten Hag and has produced 25 goals and nine assists in 39 games so far. He scored in every round of the Carabao Cup including the second goal against Newcastle in a 2-0 final win at Wembley last weekend. The Red Devils will be bouncing into Anfield on Sunday on an 11-game unbeaten run across all competitions, having won nine of those games. And England international Rashford has been key to that run as one of the most in-form forwards in the world. United’s academy graduate has 17 goals and four assists in 20 matches since the World Cup and now goes in search of his first ever Anfield goal, having scored five times against the Reds at Old Trafford. Despite the threat Rashford poses, Klopp insists he’s pleased for the player and says he always knew he’d rediscover top form. MUST READ: Liverpool duo Virgil van Dijk and Diogo Jota missing from training Klopp said ahead of United’s trip to Liverpool: “It is difficult, pretty much impossible to be positive about something at Manchester United, where you at the Liverpool manager for seven years, but I am really happy for Rashford. “He had a really difficult last year, was not performing at the level he is able to and I knew this would change again and now he is playing incredible, his speed technique, how calm he is in front of goal, he scores worldies, he scores the simple ones.” On Ten Hag’s United, who can still win a quadruple this season, Klopp continued: “They are incredibly difficult to play against, everything they are doing is fantastic but we still have to find a way to make it difficult for them to play against us. “That’s why it’s such a big game - it was always was in my life a big game. Thank God it still is. When Liverpool vs United is not a special game any more then something went really wrong. It has to be like that otherwise football would have absolutely no right to exist any more. “What I enjoy most is there are so many things that are much more important than football in life, but we all pull ourselves out of this sometimes not so nice reality and dig ourselves into this game. Then football is the most important thing for these 95, 98 minutes. “The whole world will watch it, I will watch it! I want to win so I don’t have to look in your faces (after a defeat), but on top of that there are five million reasons I want to win this!” If Manchester City beat Newcastle on Saturday, Liverpool - who are currently six points adrift of fourth - know victory against United would move them above the fifth-placed Magpies.