Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been tenuously linked with the Real Madrid job should Los Blancos decide to part ways with Carlo Ancelotti, potentially leaving the Gunners on the lookout for a new manager. The Spaniard has stressed he is fully focused on the task at hand at the Emirates as he looks to bring the Premier League trophy back to north London for the first time in 19 years. But, as we know, things can change quickly in football, and the Bernabeu is a big draw. Here Express Sport takes a speculatory look at who could replace Arteta in the unlikely event that he does leave the club, with four men potentially in the frame. Zinedine Zidane Zidane has been out of management since his second stint as Real Madrid boss ended in 2021. He had just come off the back of a trophyless campaign but his record when he was first in the job speaks for itself. The Frenchman won the Champions League three years in a row making him one of the most successful managers ever in the competition. There was a sense that he may have been waiting for the France job but that opportunity has now closed after Didier Deschamps extended his contract. With a third spell at Madrid out of the question in this scenario, a stint at the Emirates may appeal. The Gunners can offer the 50-year-old a chance of competing at the top of the Premier League while bringing him back in focus for other jobs in the future. Just in... Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover U-turn, Richarlison lashes out [LIVE] Thomas Tuchel The German has been out of work since being fired by Chelsea last September and may see the vacancy at the Emirates as a way to get back into work. Tuchel’s sides have a reputation for being defensively solid and difficult to beat. However, this may not be completely suitable for the Gunners with the club enjoying a more expansive style of play under Arteta. Tuchel may also be reluctant to take the job given his past with the Blues. Carlo Ancelotti With Arteta taking up the Madrid job in this scenario, Ancelotti would be back on the market. The Italian is one of the most successful managers in football history and has won the Premier League with Chelsea in the past. However, he has hinted that he could retire when his time at Madrid comes to an end, meaning Arsenal would face an uphill battle to convince him to come. Don't miss... Arsenal have their very own Origi to support Saka and Martinelli [COMMENT] Declan Rice to Arsenal 'very realistic' as Gunners ready to go big [GOSSIP] Arsenal drop early team news hint as Gabriel Jesus filmed in training [LATEST] Jose Mourinho The legendary 60-year-old has been linked with the Arsenal job in the past and may relish the chance to come back to his spiritual home of London. Mourinho may see the Gunners as the perfect chance to add a fourth Premier League trophy as he looks to catch up with Pep Guardiola in the silverware stakes. However, it is unlikely he would be well received by the Emirates faithful given his past with Chelsea and Spurs. There is also a sense that his methods have become somewhat outdated, meaning on-field success would be by no means guaranteed.