Lady Amelia Spencer, 30, is the niece of the late Princess Diana. She is currently engaged to Greg Mallett, a health and fitness expert, who posted the engagement news on his Instagram page. In November 2022 he wrote: "I did a thing for you. Four months until I marry the love of my life!" Lady Amelia commented: "Ahhhhhh this is so special! I love you with all my heart angel. I can’t wait for [eternity] with you." Amelia's older sister Lady Kitty married her husband Michael Lewis back in 2021, and a style expert argues that Amelia's wedding dress could look quite different. Cynthia Grafton-Holt, the founder and bespoke wedding dress designer at Cynthia Grafton-Holt Couture spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain. She said: "Princess Diana’s niece Lady Amelia Spencer's wedding to her fiancé Greg Mallet is fast approaching. In fact, I do believe the wedding is scheduled for March 2023 – although the venue (or country) for that matter is yet to be disclosed. READ MORE: Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests  "Royal wedding dresses follow certain protocols such as modesty, hence high necklines and long sleeves. Materials tend to be traditional pure silks such as Duchess, Taffeta, boucle, brocades and lace that are historically manufactured within the UK. "It is usual too to feature a gown by a British designer – although we will need to wait and see on this one." According to the expert, Lady Amelia must not allow herself to be "overshadowed" by Kitty's extravagant bridal gown from two years ago. Ms Grafton-Holt said: "As the younger sister of Lady Kitty Spencer, it will be difficult for her to avoid feeling overshadowed by the statement gowns worn by her sibling.     "But, not wishing to compete and to find and follow her own heart might produce a very different gown for all the right reasons." The wedding dress designer gave some professional insight into what style of gown Amelia will wear. She said: "There will be certain aspects of Lady Amelia’s gown that will be crafted to mimic the details of gowns she will have worn and enjoyed in the past. "I would almost certainly imagine the bodice to be tailored and corseted to flatter her shape whilst providing the structure required to support the design of the gown. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home  "One thing of course will be sure, Lady Amelia’s gown will be sculpted to show off her tiny frame with much attention focused on the gorgeous detailing within the bridal gown itself. "I would love her gown to be in keeping with traditional classic styles, yet modern and romantic in the choice of materials, combining multiple layers of organza with a 3D organic lace design." Lady Kitty Spencer, 32, wore a series of Dolce and Gabbana gowns on her wedding day, one of which had a Victorian-style sculpted bodice. Ms Grafton-Holt is suggesting that Amelia's gown could follow a similar pattern.   She explained: "I think Lady Amelia will opt for a classic high neckline, long sleeves and a sumptuous train with a hand-embroidered and detailed veil." The professional wedding dress designer provided some sketches of bridal gown designs which she thinks Amelia could wear. Ms Grafton-Holt continued: "The cuffs I have suggested should be soft and floaty in keeping with the romance and soft style of the design. Details of the wedding are being kept hidden from the public, but it is expected they will wed in South Africa, where Amelia was raised. 