Fashion trends come and go, and Kate, Princess of Wales’ style has remained timeless and classic, with her outfits being suitable to her role as one of the senior female royals. More recently, royal fashion fans have seen Kate experiment a little - her contrasting black gloves for the BAFTAs is an example of this. Claire Heathcote, co-founder of sustainable luxury cashmere brand, Loop Cashmere has taken a look at Kate’s wardrobe staples and explored how she subtly follows the “latest fashion crazes”. Spring/summer 2023 trends are forecast months ahead, with big-name designers showcasing their new collections before the year even starts Looking at the trends as a whole, Liane Wiggins, head of womenswear at MatchesFashion said for spring/summer this year, designers are “creating wearable yet interesting clothes, with a shift towards hard-working, effortless pieces”. She also said there is a “real shift to modern luxurious wardrobing and interesting, accessible tailoring to fit all lifestyles”. “Bright colours” as well as “elevated basics” and “contemporary formalwear” were also mentioned. READ MORE: Sign you’re intelligent if you can spot the lightbulb in this illusion Therefore, Kate’s classic style is bang on trend, and according to Claire, one of her go-to pieces is not only “hard-working and effortless” but accessible to all. Claire said: “The turtleneck is another must-have for those looking to experiment with layers in their clothing, and Kate has been a major proponent of this styling approach on several occasions. “The key to styling the turtleneck like Kate is to know how to make it work with every outfit. “When worn under a jacket, a turtleneck shirt makes a subtle but essential addition to the overall look. Don't miss... ‘Dry out weeds and kill roots’ instantly with household ingredient [EXPERT] 'Perfectly crispy’ bacon by sprinkling unusual ingredient over the top [VIDEO] Mum worries she’s ‘mean’ for refusing daughter to stay over boyfriends [COMMENT] “Plain or earthy shades like blacks, browns and greens are a must so as not to drown out the upper layer, but injecting some colour into your jacket instead is a great way to draw attention like Kate does,” she added. “However, when worn on its own, the turtleneck makes for a standout item in anyone’s wardrobe. “In this case, Kate often goes for vivid shades as this is the perfect opportunity to emphasise the turtleneck as the centrepiece of the outfit.” Claire referenced one outfit of Kate’s in particular, and how it played into a current trend: “The Princess of Wales has had many iconic turtleneck looks, but perhaps one of the most memorable was her appearance in a hot pink turtleneck and matching coat in January 2023. READ MORE: Sign you’re intelligent if you can spot the glove in this illusion “Following a trend that some are coining ‘barbiecore’, with many celebrities donning the daring shade in recent months, Kate showed that she isn’t afraid of keeping up with the latest fashion crazes and that she continues to look flawless whilst doing so.” Kate isn’t the only female royal to wear an outfit that follows the ‘barbiecore’ trend, Sarah Ferguson stepped out in LA earlier this month wearing a long pink jacket and pink trousers. Her longline vegan leather blazer is Macey from alice + olivia, and is priced at £695. ‘Barbiecore’ is not the only fashion trend Kate has dipped her toe into, over the last couple of years, fans have seen her step out regularly wearing just one colour. This is also known as colour blocking, and it involves choosing bright, bold colours and tonal accessories. In recent months, Kate’s colour-blocking outfits have involved roll necks or fine knit jumper dresses. In November she wore an all-camel or caramel outfit; a roll neck jumper dress, longline coat and a tan belt, and matching bag and heels. In contrast, in October 2021, Kate stepped out of her car wearing a bright red outfit, consisting of a roll-neck jumper tucked into a pleated A-line maxi skirt.