Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been asked to "vacate" their UK home just weeks after Harry's damning book Spare was released, the couple have confirmed. Harry and Meghan's spokesperson said a "request" had been made for the Sussexes to give up Frogmore Cottage close to Windsor Castle. Royal commentator Lee Cohen has told Express.co.uk that the royal couple "got what they wanted" after two years of giving interviews about the Royal Family. He said: "The duo got what they wanted to withdraw from Britain and from the duties that were never a fit for them. "They were initially welcomed with great joy in the country where Harry is a Prince of the Blood, but their behavior has understandably made them deeply unpopular there, so why should Frogmore or any residence be reserved for them when they don't want to be there and neither do the citizens of Britain want them there. "The King has shown great patience and empathy for his son in the face of all the insufferable insults and assaults." READ MORE: Meghan Markle mocked for 'choosing the poor one'  Meanwhile, royal expert Kinsey Schofield pointed out the timing of the announcement is "very strange" after Harry and Meghan's popularity reached an all-time low. Speaking to GB News, she said: "The timing on this is all very strange and I do wonder if this is a story leaked by the Sussexes to try and garner sympathy after several really hard weeks of criticism. "Between Spare and South Park, they have taken some severe hits lately and it does make you wonder if this story popped up out of nowhere for people to feel sorry for them." The eviction decision is likely to be interpreted as a major rebuke by Charles to his son, who since moving to North America in 2020 has criticised the monarchy and individuals within the institution alleging racism and a lack of support. With the couple's permanent UK base now gone, there will be speculation about whether they will receive an invite to the King's coronation on May 6. A spokesperson for the couple said: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." DON'T MISS King's Coronation offers Harry a 'fresh start' [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction [ANALYSIS]Kate uses special phrase to keep George, Charlotte and Louis in line [VIDEO] The move comes after Harry's controversial autobiography was released in January which claimed the duke's brother, the Prince of Wales, physically attacked him and that Charles put his own interests above Harry's and was jealous of Meghan. Reports of a fractious friendship between Meghan and the Princess of Wales were confirmed in Spare, with Harry recounting how the princess, pregnant at the time with Prince Louis, said she was owed an apology from his wife who had previously commented Kate was suffering from "baby brain" due to her "hormones". In a series of interviews to promote his memoirs, Harry gave an unflinching assessment of the Queen Consort, but also sympathised with the royal - describing her as not an "evil stepmother" in an interview with ABC's Good Morning America. The duchess said in an interview with The Cut magazine published last year, that "just by existing" she and Harry were "upsetting the dynamic of the hierarchy" before they stepped down as working royals in 2020. The first, in-depth details about their troubled relationship with the royal family were revealed in a dramatic interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 