Buckingham Palace has been the official residence of the British monarchy since 1837, attracting millions of visitors every year. While the property itself is currently undergoing an extensive refurbishment, the grounds of the central London landmark are constantly being added to by the team of gardeners. Described as a "walled oasis", there's plenty to explore on the private grounds. The 39 acres of land that surrounds the central London residence serves many roles, one of which is King Charles III's private London garden. Described as "a walled oasis in the middle of London", the site is the largest private garden in the capital. A staggering 325 wild-plant species, 30 species of breeding birds, and over 1,000 trees can be found at the palace, but there is also a host of "secret" gems tucked away on site. As told by Claire Masset, the author of Buckingham Palace: A Royal Garden, the monarch also harvests honey from the many beehives kept among the greenery. While the historic grounds are listed as Grade II on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens, the forward-thinking royals have future-proofed the grounds with plenty of pollinators. READ MORE: A look inside Gary Lineker's £4million river-side home Close to the central feature of the grounds, a 19th-century fresh-water lake, a secluded island can be found in the palace garden. The 3.5-acre lake surrounds the wildlife retreat which is covered in wildflowers, grasses, and logs. Unlike the rest of the grounds, the spot is completely uncultivated to allow for natural pollination. Five beehives are kept on the patch, with an estimated 20,000 bees in each one. Under the management of the palace's long-serving bee-keeper, John Chapple, the city residence has been a reliable producer of honey since 2008. Of the 160 jars filled with royal nectar per year, many are used in the kitchens which serve other Crown Estate homes. Don't miss... King Charles III plans major shakeup of Britain's royal residences  [LATEST] King Charles to move to Buckingham Palace after £369m refit  [ROYAL] POLL: Should Meghan and Harry accept offer of Buckingham Palace flat? [POLL] Elsewhere on the grounds, landscaped features including an idyllic curving path and rose garden can be found. The rose patch has 26 beds, each filled with 60 bushes of mixed varieties so no two are the same. Sweeping lawns connect the different sections which also include a 156-metre herbaceous border and wildflower meadows. A wide selection of trees can also be found on-site, with two of particular importance. READ MORE: Hydrangea mistakes that lead to ‘reduced flowers’ - how to ‘avoid’ Among the 1,000 trees in the garden, two of the 98 plane trees are named after two key royals - Victoria and Albert. The trees were planted more than 150 years ago by Queen Victoria and her consort. She was the first monarch to take residence at the palace in July 1837. According to the Royal Collection Trust (RCT), their marriage in 1840 set the seal on the use of Buckingham Palace as a royal family home, place of entertainment, and official business. The lake is arguably the most enticing feature, described as "a self-regulating eco-system fed from the Buckingham Palace borehole", but the RCT. A "long grass policy" has encouraged the lakeside patch to thrive as the ideal nesting spot for water birds, and rare natives that are lesser-spotted in the British capital. Sedge warblers, the common sandpiper, and the lesser whitethroat are just some of the mammals found by the historic lake. Just like the Palace, the garden has undergone many changes over the years though only time will tell what Charles, a passionate gardener himself, has planned for the grounds.