Liverpool are potentially looking at a summer rebuild after a disappointing season has left Jurgen Klopp’s outfit staring at the possibility of being out of all cup competitions if Real Madrid finishes off their Champions League last 16 tie after a 5-2 victory at Anfield, while the Reds are currently sitting seventh in the Premier League table. Midfield has been a huge area of concern for Liverpool this campaign and have targeted Jude Bellingham in order to fix some of their issues. However, several pundits have stated that the England star would be needed to be joined by more midfield acquisitions in the summer. Paris Saint-Germain spent £645million in wages during 2022 to the likes of Kylian Mbappe, Neymar and Lionel Messi according to The Athletic but The Times have claimed that the club are willing to let some of their stars leave this summer in a bid to bring down the current costs. Here, Express Sport looks at four players who Liverpool may target this summer that would help slash PSG’s wage bill. Former Swansea City flop Renato Sanches has since proven himself to be a top-level all-action midfielder that Liverpool could profit from. The Portugal international has made just three starts since moving from Lille to PSG and could be available for a bargain price, considering the Ligue 1 giants only paid £12.5m for his services in the summer. Renato SanchesFormer Swansea City flop Renato Sanches has since proven himself to be a top-level all-action midfielder that Liverpool could do with. The Portugal international has made just three starts since moving from Lille to PSG and could be available for a bargain price, considering the Ligue 1 giants only paid £12.5m for his services in the summer.  Similarly to Sanches, Fabian Ruiz could be on the chopping block this summer despite making ten more starts in the league than his Portuguese team-mate. The 26-year-old moved from Napoli in the summer but has attracted attention from Liverpool in the past. The Spaniard could be the perfect foil for Bellingham and would allow PSG to bring their wage bill down, potentially guaranteeing a positive outcome for all parties involved.  Trent Alexander-Arnold has been often criticised this season for his defensive capabilities, as it could be wise for Klopp to bring in another right-back that is more able in the defensive third of the pitch. Nordi Mukiele can also cover at centre-back and while there is uncertainty at right-back for Liverpool with Calvin Ramsay injured for almost the entire season, a smart buy could be PSG’s French defender. Carlos Soler’s short cameo at the World Cup with Spain highlighted his quality in midfield as a forward-thinking player that can press high, dribble and create chances. He has been heavily involved under PSG boss Christophe Galtier but the club may have to make a decision regarding their bloated midfield with Marco Verratti, Danilo Periera, Soler, Fabian, Sanches and Vitinha. Soler has previously interested Liverpool and they could return for the 26-year-old if he is made available by PSG this summer.