The Grumpy Northern Foodie is a cooking social media influencer who enjoys teaching people fun and delicious recipes on his TikTok account @grumpynorthernfoodie. In one of their recent videos, the cook has recently taught their audience how to make the perfect takeaway burger that could come from a resultant by simply using an air fryer. The social media cook began his video with some lean beef steak mince which was 5 percent fat. They placed the mince in a bowl and combined tomato puree, Italian seasoning, garlic powder and onion powder. They then mixed the combination together before shaping the burgers using a circle shape cutter. The cook then placed three of the burger patties into an air fryer for eight minutes at 375 degrees Fahrenheit (190 degrees Celsius) The cook also said they turned the burgers halfway through and added some cheese and bacon to the patties. READ MORE: Air fryer technique will 'genuinely change your life'   While the burgers were cooking, the social media chef also made a special sauce inspired by the McDonald’s Big Mac sauce in order to make your burgers feel like they could have come from a restaurant. The cook mixed three tablespoons of mayonnaise, and two tablespoons of ketchup alongside vinegar and mustard. They added that you could also add a small amount of paprika and garlic powder alongside some finely chopped gherkins for an even more authentic sauce. The TikTok chef then build up the burger by adding the sauce to a bun, alongside some tomatoes and lettuce and then added the burger that had been topped with bacon and cheese. DON'T MISS:Chef’s technique to make the ‘perfect’ grilled cheese sandwich [REPORT]Genius fried egg technique to flip them and never break the yolk [REVEAL]Grandmother’s tip for cooking the perfect poached egg without a timer [INSIGHT] The Grumpy Northern Foodie also had another method to make Air fryer smash burgers. Like in the original recipe, they combined beef mince into a bowl and shaped the burgers using a cutter. Instead of placing the burgers into the air fryer, the cook fried them on a stove and then stacked the cooked patty on a bun with cheese, another patty and bacon. The cook then wrapped the burger in tin foil before placing it into the air fryer for four minutes at 400 Fahrenheit (200 Celcius). After it was cooked, the cook placed the burger next to some fried and unwrapped the tinfoil to reveal the perfect takeaway burger cooked at home.    In the comment section, people spoke about how they found the recipe after trying it at home. One user wrote: I tried this and it actually tastes loads better after being in the air fryer. Don’t ask me the science behind it but I promise.” Somebody else said they enjoyed the recipe and said: “Love your air fryer burgers” while another user said: “Am I the only one thinking this is good for a prep-ahead meal for lunch or dinner?” Another commentator named Louise recommended their own method of making the perfect burger. They wrote: “Trust me on this, 500g of mince, 1 egg, an onion diced, salt, pepper, garlic seasoning then mix and make burgers - it is so much better.”  