Air fryers are the must-have kitchen gadget with most brands selling out as soon as they restock. If you’re lucky enough to have got your hands on one, here’s how to make soft-boiled, or ‘dippy eggs’ in the air fryer - perfect for a weekend breakfast. @Traystewie on TikTok is now known as the ‘Air Fryer Jammy Egg Lady’ following one of her videos going viral. In her video, she shows two different ways to cook eggs in the air fryer. She said: “I am totally new to this whole air fryer game, but I just found out you can hard boil, soft boil, make jammy eggs in the air fryer? We’re going to test this out, let’s go. “I saw two different videos, with two different temperatures, so I’m going to try them both out.” READ MORE: Clever food swaps you can make to save money and reduce food waste Preheat the air fryer first, and use room temperature eggs, not eggs straight from the fridge. The first egg went into the air fryer at a temperature of 150 degrees Celsius or 300 degrees Fahrenheit for nine minutes. The second egg went into the air fryer at a temperature of 190 degrees Celsius or 375 degrees Fahrenheit for six minutes. @Traystewie said: “When they’re done, make sure you place the eggs into an ice bath - super important to shock the eggs to stop the cooking process. Don't miss... Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [STYLIST] Man who was ‘addicted to takeaways’ sheds 6st with ‘no fad diet’  [EXCLUSIVE] Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ [COMMENT] “The longer you put them in the water - about 10 minutes - the easier it is to peel the shell.” Anyone wondering whether the water cools the egg, @Traystewie said the eggs emerge at “room temperature, but you don’t have to keep them in the water that long”, it just helps the peeling process. The two eggs were then placed onto a plate with a little salt and pepper and cut open to reveal how cooked or runny the yolk was. “I’m going to cut into the one we air fried for nine minutes, I would say this is a good option for ramen noodles, slightly runny in the centre but not full set,” she explained. READ MORE: Two-ingredient breakfast bagel recipe that takes just 10 minutes As for the second egg: “I do like this one - less time at a higher temperature, I’m all about a perfect runny yolk!” @Traystewie signed off the video by saying how “easy and simple” it was to cook eggs in an air fryer. She did also say how it is trial and error, depending on the size of eggs, and make and model of the air fryer being used, so results may vary. Thousands loved the video adn took to the comments section. Michael said: “Finally, there's a quick, easy, and accessible way for people to make boiled eggs at home!” A second added: "I just tried this and I will air fry my eggs forever thanks. I always preheat my air ryer for like two min and put cold eggies in there and it worked.” Some, however, were concerned about the eggs exploding during the air frying process. Stephanie wrote: “I had one explode and the other three were undercooked.” Stella added: "I tried this and I went awfully. Egg exploded.”