Hannah and Lee welcomed their guests to stay at The Britannia Inn in Dorset during Thursday's Channel 4 instalment of Four in a Bed. The hoteliers had high hopes for their stay following Hannah and Lee's harsh critique throughout the week. As their guests arrived, the duo explained the rooms cost between £85 and £95 a night and if they wanted a cooked breakfast it would be £9.50. At the beginning of their stay, the guests had the chance to inspect the rooms in detail, and everything seemed to be going well. However, one guest did pick a fault with the breakfast menu. They pointed out that if they decided to have eggs on toast, instead of a cooked breakfast, it wouldn't cost £9.50. Despite the criticism, Hannah and Lee took the feedback on board and agreed they would look into changing it. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead When it came to giving their scores and feedback about their stay, despite giving the couple a high score, Joe admitted he wouldn't stay there again. As he sat sharing his thoughts, Joe said: "It has been great value for money, but this isn't what I go away for." "So no, actually," he said while filling in his feedback form. When looking through the forms, Hannah and Lee were left stumped when they came across Joe's. The couple were thrilled as they read out their first set of feedback. They scored a high nine for cleanliness by one guest and an eight for breakfast. "Nice tasty breakfast, poached egg on toast not value for money," Hannah read out. "That is a fair comment when you look at the size of a cooked breakfast. It is something we need to look into." Don't miss... The Conners viewers 'switch off' as Whoopi Goldberg guest stars [LATEST] Emmerdale couple torn apart after Charles Anderson betrayal [SPOILERS] Coronation Street star lands new role after emotional exit  [INSIGHT] "I am over the moon," Lee stated as he beamed over their high scores. "I am so happy," he said as his wife chipped in: "It is a great start." However, things took a turn when reading through Joe's comments. The hotel owner gave Lee and Hannah a score of 10 for being great hosts. He also gave a 10 for how comfortable he was when he slept. "These scores and comments are brilliant," Hannah noted before realising Joe said he wouldn't stay there again. "You can't please them all," she said as Lee shook his head in dismay. "It has thrown me that," he fumed. "But no, you can't please them all." Hannah concluded by admitting she was going to confront Joe over it. Four in a Bed airs weekdays at 5pm on Channel 4. 