Jay Swingler will be looking to continue his social media boxing dominance when he takes on Nicholai Perett in the showcase fight of the Misfits Boxing series in Telford. The 27-year-old Swingler got the better of bitter rival Cherdleys at the second event while Perett comes into the series untested under the Misfits promotion banner. Fans will also get to see OnlyFans star Astrid Wett take on former Love Islander AJ Bunker, as well as the highly-anticipated WWE-style tag-team boxing match featuring Luis Pineda. The event itself has drawn controversy due to the tag-team match, which has been described by critics as making a mockery of the sport. That bout will feature Pineda - who shot to fame after losing to KSI late last year. Express Sport is on hand with all the details for how to watch the night's action. Tommy Fury handed WBC boost by Jake Paul after Saudi Arabia showdown The fifth instalment of Misfits Boxing will take place at the Telford International Centre on Saturday March 4. The action is due to get underway at 6pm in the UK, with ring walks for the headline event set for 9:30pm ahead of a 9:45pm fight time. Times may vary depending on the duration of the undercard bouts, though several of the contests are slated to include a short number of rounds. DON'T MISS All Drake’s sports bets in the last year after losing £335,000 on Jake Paul v Tommy Fury Tommy Fury set for massive net worth boost after bagging millions from win over Jake Paul Jake Paul's new £207,000 tattoo mysteriously disappears before Tommy Fury points defeat Streaming giants DAZN are the exclusive broadcast partner of the Misfits Boxing series and will air the event on the platform. The fights will come at no extra cost to the price of a standard subscription, with new subscribers able to catch the action for £9.99 per month providing they commit to a 12-month term. Customers can instead subscribe for £19.99 for a shorter term limit. DAZN can be watched on multiple devices including laptop, smart TV and through the mobile app. Jay Swingler vs Nicholai Perrett King Kenny vs Ashley Tebi from Rak-Su Deen The Great vs Pully Arif Luis Pineda & BDave vs Stromedy & Austin Sprinz Astrid Wett vs AJ Bunker Ginty vs Halal Ham Tempo Arts vs Godson