Bruno Fernandes was supposed to set an example as Manchester United captain on Sunday afternoon at Liverpool but if his performance and all-round on-field conduct was anything to go by, Erik ten Hag would be better served looking elsewhere should he wish to free Harry Maguire from the armband. There is every chance the England international central defender could move onto pastures new at the end of the campaign and should that be the case, Ten Hag must elect a new skipper. Even if Maguire stays - his game time is likely to remain limited - therefore, it's highly likely that United will have a new captain ahead of the 2023/24 campaign. Fernandes is undoubtedly a top player but his leadership qualities must be thrown into question following Sunday's Anfield shambles when he was one of several senior United players to go into hiding as Liverpool ran riot. Gary Neville declared Fernandes was 'looking to be subbed' as the Reds continued to inflict more misery during their incredible second-half demolition job on the Red Devils. The Portugal international is not everybody's cup of tea but you cannot argue with his numbers since he arrived in the Premier League as he has consistently delivered at the top level. READ MORE: Graeme Souness confronts Man Utd icon Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark You also cannot hide away from the fact his petulance is leaving a stain on his reputation and that was clear at Anfield when he twice tried to dive in an attempt to land both Alisson and Ibrahima Konate in hot water. Shortly after almost gifting Liverpool a fourth goal through Andy Robertson when he misplaced a loose pass deep into his own half, Fernandes endured another moment that threw his leadership style into doubt. Teenage prospect Alejandro Garnacho was fresh from the bench and looked dangerous almost immediately when he bared down on the Liverpool goal via the left flank. With United's players breaking stride to make the box, Garnacho showed a tad of inexperience as he opted to shoot instead of crossing the ball. But instead of encouraging Garnacho and praising his quick involvement and positivity, Fernandes could be seen waving his arms frantically in fury before screaming at the 18-year-old. DON'T MISSRaphael Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful actions after Liverpool collapseLiverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumesGraeme Souness confronts Man Utd icon Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark As Fernandes ran over to take the corner, he shouted at Garnacho and told him he should have passed - somewhat understandable to an extent - but you cannot underestimate the negative impact that will have had upon the forward's confidence. Having just entered the fray with his side 3-0 down, the last thing he needed was to be shouted at following a small judgement in error - particularly from a player that was not enjoying the best afternoon himself. Coincidentally, Fernandes' resulting cross - taken after his short corner was laid back to him by Luke Shaw - was headed away by Liverpool, who counter-attacked and scored their fourth of the afternoon through Mohamed Salah. It must be said, Fernandes was not the only United player who endured an afternoon to forget but bad performances can be forgiven. What truly defines a player is the way they react and the attitude they show in adversity and on this occasion, Fernandes was not a player leading by example - particularly as the so-called captain. He was among those that needed to stand up and be counted to protect the scoreline and United's pride which was somewhat shattered on Merseyside but their ruthless rivals, who cut through them like a hot knife through butter. Even after the full-time whistle, the United players were prepared to head straight down the tunnel without applauding the supporters before Raphael Varane's furious intervention - highlighting the lack of leadership and responsibility. Neville said on Sky Sports post-match: “I start with the captain. You don’t throw your hands up, you run back. I’ve had enough of him throwing his arms up as team-mates and not running back. He got pushed in the chest and went down holding his face. I think Ten Hag will deal with him very strongly in the next 48 hours. It was a disgrace.” United's disastrous afternoon must be one that they learn from both as a team and individuals. Their reaction and response will tell us more about this team and their character. There is hope that it was simply a blip.