The BBC has been urged to review Question Time host Fiona Bruce's “bias” following Gary Lineker's controversial tweets on the Government's new Illegal Migration Bill. But do you think she should be sacked? Vote in our poll. Viewers hit out at Ms Bruce and her “impartiality” on the political panel show after the BBC said it would remind the Match of the Day host about his responsibilities. Mr Lineker criticised the Government’s migration policy by comparing it to the tactics of Nazi Germany. In a retweet of a video from the Home Office featuring Suella Braverman, he wrote: “Good heavens, this is beyond awful.” In another Tweet, he said: “There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?” The BBC has since responded to Mr Lineker’s comments: “We expect these individuals to avoid taking sides on party political issues.” READ MORE: Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE ABOVE POLL, CLICK HERE Question Time viewers then called out Ms Bruce’s political bias on Twitter. Twitter user @KSAfricaHack wrote: “@bbcquestiontime someone should remind the unbelievably biased Fiona Bruce that she is on Question Time to chair it not whip up support for the odious Tories.” Another, @isaacdavid1958 tweeted: “It’s horrible news. Hearing that the BBC had reminded Gary Lineker of his responsibilities after his remarks when Fiona Bruce appears to be getting away with blatant bias in her presentation of Question Time, makes me glad I gave up on current affairs programmes.” And @MyGineration said: “So the Tories think Lineker should be sacked for expressing political opinions. But happy for Fiona Bruce to continue chairing QT despite being appallingly biased....” So what do YOU think? Should Ms Bruce be sacked by BBC over “bias”? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.