The Duke and Duchess of Sussex issued a new statement overnight regarding the decision to use a royal title for their children Archie and Lilibet. The brief note made it clear Meghan and Harry had been in agreement with King Charles for "some time" regarding calling their son and daughter a Prince and Princess. The statement read: "The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace." As noted by Harry and Meghan, Archie and Lilibet became eligible to hold the titles of Prince and Princess on September 8, when King Charles acceded to the throne. This is in line with the 1917 Letters Patent issued by King George V, who reshaped who has the right within the Royal Family to hold a princely title. As Archie and Lili are the children of a son of the current monarch, it is their birthright to be known as Prince and Princess. This would not have been the case had they been the children of a daughter of the monarch. While Archie and Lilibet will be known as Prince and Princess, they won't be styled as HRHs, as their parents relinquished the use in an official capacity of His/Her Royal Highness upon stepping down as full-time working royals in the spring of 2020. Meghan and Harry's statement comes as a source claimed King Charles had reportedly discussed the matter of Archie and Lili's titles with Harry following the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II. News the Sussexes' children will now be addressed as Prince and Princess came on March 8, as a spokesperson for the couple confirmed to People magazine Lili had been christened. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf' The statement mentioned for the first time Lili as "Princess Lilibet Diana", reading: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the bishop in the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." The ceremony took place at Meghan and Harry's home in Montecito, Santa Barbara. King Charles, Queen Camilla, Prince William and the Princess of Wales were on the guest list, but did not travel across the pond to witness the family moment. The intimate event was attended by some 20-30 people, including Meghan's mother Doria Ragland and Hollywood producer Tyler Perry. Don't miss... Fergie claims she 'hasn't really met' Meghan after curtsey claims [INSIGHT] Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’  [REPORT] Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims [ANALYSIS] Mr Perry became a close friend of Meghan and Harry in the spring of 2020, when he hosted them for several weeks at his Los Angeles home. As the pair explained in their Netflix documentary released in early December, Mr Perry also provided Harry and Meghan with security detail as the two royals had lost the taxpayer-funded provided to senior royals. The Hollywood A-lister mentioned Lili's christening in the docu-series, revealing he had been asked to be the child's godfather. Recalling the moment when he was asked to become an important figure in the life of Lilibet, Mr Perry said in the sixth episode of Harry & Meghan: "They were pretty serious on the phone and I am like, 'OK what's going on', and they said, 'Well we would like for you to be Lili's godfather.' "I had to take a minute to take that in and I thought I'd be honoured, absolutely be honoured'."