Mark Chapman should be first in line to succeed Gary Lineker in the future when the Match of the Day presenter decides to leave, according to former Premier League referee Graham Poll. The BBC were forced to back down in the row over the suspension of Lineker after he posted a tweet comparing the Government's immigration policy on asylum seekers to one of Nazi Germany, reinstating the MOTD host just four days later. The incident opened up the possibility that Lineker, 62, could leave the show for good in the near future after he was controversially taken off air for the March 11 show. Lineker has been presenter for the popular sports highlights programme since 1999 after replacing Des Lynam as the leading figure of their football coverage. Lineker had already scaled back his football presenting duties when he quit BT Sport to spend more time watching Leicester City with his sons. Despite his huge unwavering support from the football world, the fiasco with BBC has led some to question whether it may be time for a change in approach. JUST IN Leaked BBC email shows what staff were told about Gary Lineker return [LATEST] He has now returned after the BBC's apology. But if Lineker were to leave in the future, former Premier League referee Poll believes that Chapman - the current host of Match of the Day 2 on Sunday evenings - would prove to be an ideal fit, having also praised Lineker for his 24 years' of service. “Lineker has developed into a very talented presenter since taking over in 1999 who mixes great insight with some good humour and makes the pundits feel included and at ease to contribute. That is a lot harder than it looks," he told Betting Sites. "If Lineker feels he cannot work to the BBC’s requirements and steps down then I would like to see Mark Chapman take on the role. DON'T MISS John Barnes fumes 'BBC can't have it both ways' in Lineker row [NEWS] Inside BBC's Lineker meltdown with 'staff sessions' to take place [INSIGHT] POLL: Do you want Gary Lineker back on Match of the Day? [POLL] "I worked on a very early podcast for Championship Manager with Chapman, who was brilliant at getting the best out of me and my experience which is something MOTD have never done with a referee.” Instead of the usual 90-minute slot afforded to MOTD and MOTD2, a heavily reduced highlights package was shown for the Premier League's weekend matches as Lineker's colleagues stood by him and boycotted their duties. Interestingly, Chapman followed the lead of the likes of Alan Shearer, Ian Wright, Jermaine Jenas and Alex Scott in refusing to appear on sports programmes including Final Score to Football Focus. In further changes suggested to spruce up the current version of MOTD, Poll, 59, suggested that the BBC's current pundits are not adequate in dissecting referee decisions and should consider appointing a retired referee to give their opinion instead, following Sky Sports and BT Sport - who have recruited Dermot Gallagher and Peter Walton respectively to analyse incidents. “Given the amount of refereeing incidents most weeks, I would like to see some time given to someone with a strong refereeing pedigree to offer the final word as none of the current pundits offer that, although they clearly think they are able to give those views without refereeing insight," he added. "Football has always been a game of opinions and close calls that could go either way. Pundits love to comment ‘I’ve seen those given’ which is a non-committed comment meaning nothing but proving the pundit doesn’t know whether the match official was right or wrong.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE