Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity has slid further into negative numbers among Britons following their recent projects, new polling suggests. According to polling undertaken in Britain on March 1 by strategists Redfield & Wilton, Harry's net approval rating has dropped 37 points since November to -22. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Meghan's has also dropped 31 points leaving her with an approval rating of -33. The polling comes after the couple saw their popularity drop among Americans. Since December last year, Harry has sunk 48 points and Meghan 40 points stateside. The research, conducted by Redfield & Wilton on 19 February, showed that Harry was disliked by 42 percent of Americans, compared to 32 percent who said they liked him. READ MORE: Royal Family: Harry and Meghan face balcony relegation if they attend Coronation Meghan was found to be even less popular than her husband, with just 27 percent of Americans saying they liked her, compared to 44 percent who said they didn’t – giving her a net approval rating of -17. The latest polling is a blow to the Sussexes brand but other royals did not fare much better. Prince Andrew's net approval rating now sits at -53 a 22-point drop since November. Queen Camilla received an approval rating of +1, a 24-point drop since before Harry's memoir and docuseries were released. Don't miss... Prince Harry needs to be 'set straight' after drug use admission [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle shares avocado on toast 'with a twist' - recipe [REPORT] Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying' [LATEST] Camilla and Prince William were perhaps the royals most negatively portrayed in Harry's tell-all memoir, Spare and the interviews undertaken to promote it ahead of its record-breaking release on January 10. In the book, Harry accuses his stepmother of leaking stories to the media about him in order to sacrifice him on her "PR altar" in the pursuit of earning public favour. He also made a number of swipes against his brother in the book, recounting at one point a physical attack at Kensington Palace in 2019. The decreases in net approval are not isolated to just a select number of royals but instead occur across the board. READ MORE: Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying', claims royal expert Even the most popular royal, Princess Kate, has seen an 11-point drop with a +52 rating, followed by Prince William with a 12-point drop leaving him at +49. King Charles, who received a boost in the polls following his accession to the throne after the death of Queen Elizabeth II in 2022, currently has a +27 net approval rating, a drop of 19 points since November. The latest slide in opinion comes as questions swirl around the King's Coronation on May 6. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have not yet revealed whether they will attend the King's Coronation. The optics of the event will ultimately shape the public's perception of the royals, claimed one PR expert. "With regards to the Coronation, I actually think it’s King Charles, Prince William, Princess Catherine and the Queen Consort that need to think about keeping up appearances," celebrity PR guru Carla Speight recently told Express.co.uk. She explained: "They need to show up as the happy family, which means they’ll have to work out the damning things that Harry has said." As with all family drama that plays out in the public domain, the current feud needs to be handled tactfully by all sides, Ms Speight suggested.