The protest in Chisinau was organized by a group calling itself Movement for the People and supported by members of Moldova’s Russia-friendly Shor Party, which holds six seats in the country’s 101-seat legislature. Shor Party leader, the exiled Moldovan oligarch Ilan Shor, accused police of trying to "thwart the peaceful rally." Shor, who is named on a US State Department sanctions list as working for Russian interests, said in a statement Tuesday: "Fighting one’s own people is the last refuge of tyrants and the beginning of their downfall." It is the second anti-government rally held in Chisinau in two weeks and comes amid growing concerns of attempts to destabilize Moldova, Ukraine’s neighbour. On February 13, President Sandu outlined what she claimed was an alleged plot by Moscow to overthrow the government in order to put the nation “at the disposal of Russia,” and to derail it from its course to one day join the EU, Russia strongly rejected her claims. DON'T MISS:China fires space lasers, US deploys troops, says JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]Joe Biden snaps back after being asked about China arming Russia [NEWS]Arming Ukraine before invasion might have made Putin think again [SPOTLIGHT]  In carrying out the plan, she said, the culprits would "rely on several internal forces, but especially on criminal groups such as the Shor formation and all of its derivatives." The Shor Party also initiated a series of anti-government protests which last fall rocked Moldova — a European Union-candidate member since last June — as it struggled to manage an acute energy crisis after Moscow dramatically reduced natural gas supplies. Around the same time, Moldova’s government asked the country’s Constitutional Court to declare the Shor Party illegal. The country’s anti-corruption prosecutors’ office alleged the protests were partly financed with Russian money. The protest also comes a day after Moldova’s Intelligence and Security Service, SIS, said it had expelled two foreign nationals who were caught carrying out "subversive actions" to destabilise the nation. 