Erik ten Hag has rallied behind Manchester United's under-fire vice-captain Bruno Fernandes and claimed the Portuguese international provides inspiration for all of his Red Devils team-mates after his questionable actions and lacklustre performance were heavily scrutinised in the 7-0 defeat to Liverpool. The 28-year-old playmaker endured an afternoon to forget by all accounts at Anfield. He threw himself to the floor on two occasions separate occasions before Sky Sports co-commentator Gary Neville accused the former Sporting man of 'asking to be subbed' as the rampant Reds continued to inflict misery on the Carabao Cup winners in the second half.  Fernandes' poor personal showing has since seen his future Old Trafford captaincy credentials thrown into question due to the lack of leadership he displayed on the Anfield turf. He was one of several senior United players that failed to stick their chests out and stop the bleeding as Liverpool ruthlessly dispatched six second-half goals to leave Ten Hag red-faced and questioning his team's lack of professionalism. But having taken time to digest the result and performance, Ten Hag has jumped to the defence of Fernandes, rubbishing suggestions he is no longer fit to serve as one of United's leaders. When asked if Fernandes was still the club's vice-captain, Ten Hag said: "Yes, definitely [still captain], I think he's playing a brilliant season, he's played an important role in the position that we are. He's giving energy to the team, running a lot with intensity, in the right way. READ MORE: Raphael Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful actions after Liverpool collapse "He's pointing and coaching players, he's an inspiration for the whole team. No one is perfect, everyone makes mistakes. I'm really happy to have Bruno Fernandes in my team and I'm happy with him as our captain with Harry not on the pitch." With Harry Maguire expected to head for the exit door at the end of the season, there is every chance Ten Hag will be faced with the task of appointing a new captain at Old Trafford. Fernandes is one of the main names in the frame but Neville in particular was deeply offended by the way the Portuguese international conducted himself as the game ran away from United. "Bruno Fernandes is stood in the centre circle with his arms raised saying 'Why isn't it me coming off?' Honestly," Neville said on Sky Sports during the match. "I think some of his behaviour in the second half has been a disgrace." DON'T MISSRaphael Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful actions after Liverpool collapseLiverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumesMan Utd may have already found their next Alejandro Garnacho after stunning debut He later added: "The second-half has been an absolute disgrace, a shambles. They have not been epitomised more than Bruno Fernandes, who has been embarrassing - a shambles - in this game. "But I have to say it's not their usual performance. It's not their usual spirit and form. Ten Hag will deal with it I'm sure, like he's dealt with other difficult issues." Roy Keane also took aim at Fernandes and typically, the former United captain packed no punches when assessing the performance and general attitude of United's stand-in skipper. "Fernandes’ body language today was nothing short of disgraceful," Keane said. "A really talented boy, he's your captain, but his body language, waving his arms, not running back, you wouldn’t be happy with him in your dressing room." A number of pundits including Chris Sutton and former United striker Dwight Yorke have since urged United to strip Fernandes of the vice-captaincy as he is not up to scratch when it comes to leading the team. Yorke has labelled Fernandes "a fake captain" and believes United are better served finding their next skipper elsewhere due to his lack of leadership on the field. At the end of the last month, Fernandes lifted the Carabao Cup alongside club captain Maguire at Wembley following the 2-0 victory over Newcastle.