Manchester United icon Gary Neville believes that Harry Kane could be the missing piece that would help the Red Devils to start winning Premier League titles again if he joins the club in the near future. United have come on leaps and bounds under the guidance of Erik ten Hag over the last few months but remain without a first-choice striker of the required ability, with Wout Weghorst having failed to pull up any trees since joining on loan from Burnley in January. The signing of a top-class marksman has reportedly been prioritised in advance of next season, with Kane one of several big names to have been linked with United over the last few months as a result of the uncertainty over his future at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. His current deal is set to expire in 2024 and although he has previously indicated a desire to agree fresh terms, he is yet to do so and there is a possibility that he could leave in the summer if his employers decide to cash in while they can.Neville is adamant that Kane would stand a great chance of firing United to Premier League glory if he joins the club when the bidding opens in the summer, with the Red Devils legend telling The Overlap: "I've worked with him and I've said this before, he will score 30 goals and get 10 or 15 assists and that's an absolute fact."He's a professional, the dressing room will love him, he'll fit in straight away and he's a guarantee for Manchester United. If he's going to cost £150m and he's 30 it's short lived but Casemiro, we all said it by the way, a £60million [transfer fee] and £20m a year for five years is a £170m investment. JUST IN: Arsenal face four-player headache as Everton backed to trouble leaders "It's not a smart or shrewd signing, none of us thought that, but the impact he's having in the short term is what Manchester United need, he's devastating for the club in an unbelievable way. So Harry Kane, he's the type of player who could take you to the title, he'll connect the whole of the midfield to the top of the pitch and will score goals. The fans will love him, the players will love him and I don't see how you can go wrong with him."Although Neville would like to see Kane leading the line for United throughout next season and beyond, he went on to insist that the forward's age would likely see Ten Hag needing to replace him after only a few years at the club. He added: "The fact of the matter is that for the long term it wouldn't be something that would work. He's got five years left of his career, by the way, so I don't think there's a problem with that, it's just that he is at the latter part of his career."It remains to be seen whether United will decide to chase a post-season move for Kane, who has long been considered as one of the finest strikers in world football and would be a great signing for the Red Devils if he makes the switch to Old Trafford. He would likely cost a pretty penny, though, with Tottenham having rejected several nine-figure bids from Manchester City in exchange for his signature in the summer of 2021. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.