Prince Harry and Meghan Markle may receive a sympathy boost in popularity from the public if they are booted out of Frogmore Cottage in favour of Prince Andrew, according to a royal expert. The Sussexes have been asked to leave the property following the publication of Harry's memoir Spare, in which the prince severely criticises the Firm and some of its most senior members. There has now been speculation that King Charles has offered Frogmore to Prince Andrew in the event of him leaving Royal Lodge, where he currently resides. Once Andrew's annual £249,000 grant from the Privy Purse is cut in April he may be unable to afford the upkeep on his £30million home. Matt Wilkinson, Royal Editor of The Sun, told The Royal Beat on True Royalty TV: "This is the final act of Megxit. It’s the last remnants of the decisions, the talks, and negotiations that were happening three years ago. "Frogmore was a wedding present. [Harry and Meghan] thought it was their family home… somewhere they thought they would have maybe for eight, nine or ten years … they still have their belongings there. "They were given notice 24 hours after Spare was published that they’d have to start clearing things out." He continued: "“[Harry and Meghan] were given written notice by the bean-counters at Buckingham Palace. The King would obviously be behind the decision and would have known what was going on. "It looks to me that the King is taking decisive action; the Coronation is coming up, it’s a loose end and they [Buckingham Palace] need to sort out Harry and Meghan." He adds that the Andrew situation may play out in Harry and Meghan's favour, who were reportedly kept in the dark by the Palace about plans to move the Duke of York into Frogmore. READ MORE: Fergie says Queen was ‘relieved’ Duchess could help her with Andrew He said: "They [Harry and Meghan] have known about this for seven or eight weeks. The way it has played for them, maybe people feel sympathy for the Sussexes, as they will think, ‘hang on, they are putting Andrew in this house!’" Charles is said to be looking at tightening the royal purse strings as part of his plans for a more modern "slimmed-down" monarchy, especially in the light of the cost of living crisis. The cut to Andrew's subsidy is just one way he is looking for the royals to make some savings. DON'T MISS:King's first state visit confirmed as trips to Paris and Berlin [LATEST]'Outraged' King Charles evicted Harry after his attacks on Camilla [UPDATES]Charles's decision to evict Sussexes was like 'ripping off band aid' [REVEAL] The Coronation of the King and Queen Consort in May will be a smaller affair than the late Queen's back in 1953, with fewer guests and a shorter ceremony. Around 2,000 people will be invited, about a quarter of the number that were crammed into Westminster Abbey to see Elizabeth II be crowned. Invitations are expected to go out very soon, with Harry and Meghan still on the guest list in spite of their rift with the royals. It is not known whether they will accept, with the Frogmore issue throwing the question of their attendance further into doubt.