Peter Kay is back. In the last few months, he announced his comeback to comedy with an enormous residency tour that will see him taking on some of the country's biggest venues across months. This is quite a big deal for the 49-year-old, who cancelled another massive tour back in 2018 before disappearing from the public eye for some time. But it looks like he's finally ready to speak out, as his new project was just announced on Twitter. Peter revealed he has written a memoir, and it's hitting bookshelves this September 2023. The comedian shared the book's title (T.V Big Adventures on the Small Screen) as well as a sneak peek at the book's cover - which remains mostly hidden for now. He posted an image of the cover alongside a caption on what fans can expect. It read: "Peter’s hilarious new book will be his first memoir in fourteen years and follows his lifelong obsession with watching and working in television. Available this September." Fans may recall his biggest memoir to date, The Sound of Laughter, was released back in October 2006. In it, he delved into his childhood in Bolton, the jobs he endured before making it big, and how he never stopped laughing through it all. Peter's year is looking stacked, at the moment. Before his new memoir hits shelves, he has a massive amount of live shows to get through. He has booked approximately 110 live shows throughout the country, in cities such as Birmingham, Liverpool, Dublin and Sheffield. The funnyman's massive residency tour will come to an end in August 2023 after around eight months of shows. When he finally returned to the stage, Peter found himself overcome with emotion. DON'T MISS...Peter Kay tickets: New dates added, how to buy tour ticketsPeter Kay donates £14k to charity £1 from every ticket sold at O2 gigPeter Kay praised for 'expert' handling of heckler at show After announcing the shows Peter said: "It’s good to get back to what I love doing best, stand-up comedy, and if there’s ever a time people need a laugh it’s now." According to The Sun, once he hit the stage he broke down in tears. Making a joke of the situation at the Manchester AO Arena, he reportedly said: "What’s all this about? Oh my Lord. I’m supposed to do b****y comedy now." He went on: "Oh my God. You’ve got me in f*****g bits. Let me get my tissues out my drawer. I love you too. In ways you’ll never know. I’ve been looking forward to this for quite a while now, about five years." Shortly after Peter returned to the stage, he made the announcement that his comedy shows would go on to benefit underprivileged children. He made a whopping £14,000 donation, announcing: "I'm going to put it in a children’s charity and I was looking at my phone and I found one called Action for Children. They do a secret Santa and it seems really lovely. There are 14,000 people here, so if I take a pound that’s £14,000 for children on your behalf, so thanks!" A spokesperson for Peter told The Mirror the "amazing donation would help them support our frontline workers who are helping struggling children".