Meghan Markle wore a head-to-toe designer look to lunch in LA yesterday. The Duchess of Sussex dined out at the Gracias Madre restaurant on Melrose Avenue, West Hollywood. Meghan wore the Chanel 19 Large Stitch Bag from the 2021 collection. She paired it with a MaxMara coat and Valentino shoes and sunglasses. The Chanel 19 was created by Karl Lagerfeld for his last collection before his death. The bag “pays tribute to its elder, the 2.55 bag, created in February 1955 by Mademoiselle Chanel.” It has been carried by the likes of rapper Cardi B, British glamour model Kelly Brook and actress Margot Robbie. It's recognisable by its heavy-duty metal hardware in aged gold, silver, and ruthenium, and for its soft lines and slouchier shape. READ MORE: Meghan's friend specially designed 'inappropriate' dress for Queen's birthday celebration The handbag is one of a number of items from Chanel the Duchess owns. She has also been spotted with the Chanel Gabrielle Hobo Bag. Meghan has worn this bag since 2017, seen wearing it with black jeans and a jean jacket. The bag sold for £3,000 and tends to resell for around £2,500 on sites such as Luxury Promise. Meghan owns the Chanel "Ballerina" lambskin flats in various colour ways, including beige and black, and also the Chanel leather cap-toe flats. The latter sell for £910 and the former style retail at around £770. Meghan ate at Gracias Madre, a Mexican-themed restaurant where fish tacos cost £22.96. The restaurant also offers a number of "time machine margaritas" with vintage tequilas. Don't miss... Meghan was 'very humble' before she 'had to cull' friends [INTERVIEW] Inside Harry and Meghan's lavish date night where fries cost £10 [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle looks 'vulnerable' in public since South Park episode [BODY LANGUAGE] One with Herradura Anejo costs a whopping £105 for a measure of tequila with citrus and orange liqueur with a citrus salt rim. The restaurant's website reads: "Born out of love for Mother Earth and reverence for all mothers. We serve traditional Mexican cuisine, made from scratch using local, organic, plant-based ingredients. Dedicated to diffuser-free agave spirits, our bar highlights independent producers and small-batch distillers in Mexico. "We honor the mother residing above us, within our hearts, within the earth, and in all those who nurture us. Pull up a chair — there is always a seat at Love’s table."