A California OAP was handed a life sentence after he was found guilty of hiring a killer to murder 67-year-old Dr Thomas Shock in 2018. Robert Elmo Lee was found guilty of first-degree murder last year for orchestrating the murder of Shock outside his home. The podiatrist died in Lodi, California after being shot in the head, chest and arm. Lee hired three men to carry out his murder-for-hire revenge on the podiatrist he believed to have caused his wife's death in 2011. Officers found a document from a California Medical board file relating to Lee's wife, Bonnie Lee. The single-page file was a complaint alleging Dr Shock's "gross negligence" in treating the woman had led to her foot being partially amputated. Bonnie Lee first visited the podiatrist to treat an ingrown nail in 2011. She reportedly continued to struggle with her foot, later developing a deadly infection that caused her death in 2016. JUST IN: Melania finally breaks her silence after failing to attend any of Donald's campaign events Friends of Lee claimed he blamed Dr Shock for Bonnie's death and orchestrated the murder as an act of revenge. Authorities maintained it was unclear whether the podiatrist had played a role in Bonnie Lee's death, Dr Shock surrendered his medical licence shortly before his death in 2018 after he was disciplined. Investigators tracked Lee down by obtaining the IP addresses of users who had downloaded the Medical Board file in the weeks before the murder. He was found to have accessed the file a month before the death. READ MORE: Inside chilling shack where two Americans were found dead in cartel kidnapping District Attorney Ron Freitas said: "Mr Lee twisted a devotion for his late wife into a perverse obsession with Dr Shock, one that led to inexcusable violence. "I want to commend former San Joaquin County Deputy District Attorney Edward “Ted” McGarvey for his tenacity in seeking justice for the Shock family, as well as the Lodi Police Department for their investigative skill.” Lee's co-defendant Mallory Stewart admitted to shooting Dr Shock outside of his home and pleaded guilty to first-degree murder with weapons enhancement. Christopher Costello, whose fingerprints were found on the Medical Board file, and Raymond Austin Hassan Jacquett IV were also convicted for their role in Dr Shock's murder. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews