The eviction of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from Frogmore Cottage has come at an "unfortunate" time for the couple, according to a source. While they said the Sussexes were "matter-of-fact" about having to leave the property, it has raised security questions over where the family can stay when they visit the UK. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Meghan and Harry relocated to California in 2020 after stepping down as official working royals, where they have been raising their two children Archie, three, and one-year-old Lilibet. However, an insider told People magazine that the couple considered the Windsor property as a safe haven in the UK for their family, but added they are not trying to fight the eviction. A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said in a statement last week: "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." It is understood that they knew about the plan for them to vacate their UK bolt hole before the release of Harry's memoir Spare in January. Just after their wedding in 2018 Harry and Meghan were living in Nottingham Cottage in the grounds of Kensington Palace, before they moved into Frogmore the following year. The property was a wedding present from the late Queen. While at the cottage the couple spent £2.4million on renovations, which was initially covered by the taxpayer until Harry and Meghan refunded the money following their decision to step down. Their rental lease on the house has also not yet expired, meaning the Firm may end up having to pay back the Sussexes for any costs they have paid in advance. READ MORE: Ngozi Fulani reignites Palace race row in new TV appearance It is also not yet known whether Harry and Meghan will be back in London in May for the Coronation of King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla. A spokesperson for the Sussexes said in a statement this weekend: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the coronation. "An immediate decision on whether The Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." The couple have returned to the UK for large royal events such as the Platinum Jubilee and the Queen's state funeral last year, however their eviction from Frogmore raises uncertainty over where they can stay in the future.  Don't miss... George and Charlotte's favourite Disney films laid bare by mum Kate [LATEST] Sarah Ferguson defends Harry and Meghan's 'beautiful' life [REVEAL] Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [FASHION] Royal historian Robert Lace told People magzine that Charles is taking a stronger stand against his younger son than Queen Elizabeth would have done. He said: "Charles is now the guardian of the institution. The King just can't sit back. "It shows Charles has a steel that his mother lacked. The Queen could never bring herself to confront Harry as an adult." It had been suggested that the King had offered Frogmore to Prince Andrew as a home, however it now seems that Princess Eugenie has moved in.