Certainly, as family sagas go, the ceremony, which is due to take place at Westminster Abbey on May 6, has soap opera printed all over the script. Dysfunctional family, cat-fighting sisters-in-war, sorry, law, scuffling brothers, and some virginal stumbles with a fetching older woman behind the local boozer.  Oh yes, and then, of course, there's the wicked stepmother. The ever cheerful, relentlessly enduring Camilla whose CV has arced from "other woman" and third person in that marriage to – would you believe it, Ethel – Queen Consort. Sorry, Queen! Which, according to well-placed sources, is how she will be referred to by Buckingham Palace after the Coronation.Now, even Camilla's family will form part of this historic event following news that her grandchildren will be taking a major part in the proceedings. In a role usually performed by duchesses and considered one of the most sacred parts of the Coronation, it seems Lola and Eliza, both 15, Freddy, 13, and twins Louis and Gus, also 13, will hold a canopy over their Nan as she's anointed with holy oil.Camilla, of course, shares her beloved grandchildren with her first husband Andrew Parker Bowles. The man notably cuckolded in favour of her royal boyfriend, now spouse. You couldn't make it up - or rather you could, and air an episode three times a week on your favourite channel.  But is it right? After all, these children will now be taking their place in history as A-level students of the future are tested on their names and ages. Of course, they are blameless of their heritage. But they are not Royal by blood or marriage – so permission for Camilla's decision is an unusual one. It’s also a move which may well sting one keen-eyed observer. How will Harry feel – should he turn up, RSVP unknown – as he watches not only Camilla be crowned Queen (something his mother would have abhorred) but her grandchildren playing a central part too?After all, the Duke of Sussex's memoir made no bones about his feelings for Camilla. In it he memorably revealed how he and William “begged” their dad not to marry the “other woman” (their phrase) because they were worried she’d be a “wicked stepmother.” He also recalled meeting Camilla for the first time, comparing it to an “injection” and writing, “Close your eyes and you won’t even feel it.”  The Prince is, of course, architect of his own recent troubles – no longer even favoured in the States. A point exquisitely articulated by the savaging he and Meghan recently received on South Park.Yet it's likely the latest move – chess move? – by Camilla to involve her hitherto largely unseen family is bound to hurt Harry. Perhaps Charles, still keen to reconcile with his son, should have intervened. Maybe telling his wife the grandkids would look just as nice on the family pics?The flinty side of my heart however disagrees. Sure, Harry was let down, bereaved, lost and despairing after Diana died. Who knows how things might have shaken up if his father had lowered the stiff upper lip and given his "dear boy" the comfort he needed?However, furious retribution from Harry, as we have seen, has been disproportionate and relentless.  Nothing is sacred, no private word or off-stage moment too intimate it can't be commoditised by the mighty Sussex PR machine. Why should he be given a prominent role in the proceedings?So, when Harry takes his seat in the stalls on May 6 – or even if he watches it on his flatscreen in Montecito – he'll just have to live with the knowledge that he has scripted this situation. That every furious, resentful, and injurious word he has ever uttered lies behind the reason Camilla's grandchildren have a higher place in the proceedings. Coronation day is his Coronation Street. But Harry made the lead part a starring role all on his own. 