An Australian mum-of-two whose bank account was emptied after she received an unexpected £30 payment has told how she was scammed out of tens of thousands of pounds. Thuy Le found the sum was deposited into her account in November 2022 following a call from someone claiming to be the husband of a client who had accidentally sent her the money. But one day after complying with their innocent-seeming request to send the cash back, the beautician discovered the caller had fleeced her of £23,000 in savings. The money, Ms Le said, was transferred to an account matching the information provided by her mystery caller. They had extracted her life savings from her account with Commonwealth Bank without passwords or personal information, she told Australian 7News, leaving her in "financial hardship". Ms Le added that she "can’t sleep" and wants to "know why this happened to me and how it happened to me". She has struggled to get assistance CBA, with officials only offering the mum a fraction of what she lost. READ MORE: Outlander's Sam Heughan issues urgent warning to fans After reporting the incident, she said the bank had offered to resolve the dispute with a payment of £1,110. As the sole provider for her family, Ms Le said she urgently needs the £23,000 back. Without the money, she can't care for her husband, who has Parkinson's disease, or her six and 11-year-old children. She said: "I’m not a liar, not a criminal, not a fraud." "My husband is not working. We need the money for medicine." Ms Le works at the Sparkle Nails and Beauty salon in Wollongong, an Australian city south of Sydney. CBA said that, following an investigation, it had included that the bank was not liable for her losses. Representatives said the alleged scam transaction was successful on the first attempt, suggesting her login was used. Login details registered with the bank, CBA added, are "nearly impossible for an unauthorised third party to guess". In a letter, representatives reasoned that Ms Le's "online banking credentials were known to the unauthorised third party, which would be in breach of the passcode security requirements." The bank also claimed that she had not informed them of the unauthorised transactions fast enough after the scammers logged in via the app. Had she reported them more quickly, the bank said: "The chances of successfully recovering some of the funds would have been much higher." Ms Le has said she was forced to apply for aid from the Australian government and has filed a report with the Australian Financial Complaints Authority to reclaim her money.