Lewis Hamilton is unlikely to become an F1 team principal when hanging up his helmet as a driver, according to Sky Sports host Simon Lazenby. Hamilton is the founder of the X44 Extreme E team which secured the title last season. However, Lazenby feels Hamilton will not follow many of his F1 adversaries in setting up his own team after he retires. Alain Prost and Jackie Stewart are among the notable F1 champions to establish their own squad. Meanwhile, Toto Wolf and Christian Horner gave up their own racing careers to take roles on the pit wall. Lazenby told Express Sport: “If you want to be a successful racing driver and if you want to win, the only thing you've got time for is yourself and your racing career… At times, I think he just wants to get away from it all. “I think he’s got a lot more to his life than just Formula One and I certainly don't see him being a team principal. I think there’s more to come from Lewis post Formula One.” READ MORE Ferrari and Red Bull make same Mercedes prediction ahead of Saudi GP [LATEST] Helmut Marko recently claimed Sebastian Vettel could one day return to F1 in a management role. He said the four-time world champion was an “open-minded” and “intelligent” young man who could do well in a role at the helm. Vettel has ruled out taking a position now due to the massive commitment it would take. Hamilton is yet to put pen to paper on a new deal at Mercedes which is expected to keep him with the team until 2025. However, Toto Wolff has previously stressed a new agreement would consider Hamilton's future at the team once his racing days were over. The Austrian said it was “important” the pair sat down to discuss his role as an ambassador for the manufacturer. DON'T MISS Nelson Piquet 'facing £1.6m fine' over racist Lewis Hamilton comments [LATEST] Mercedes chief 'given ultimatum in emergency meeting'  [COMMENT] Martin Brundle explains what's 'doubly painful' for Mercedes [ANALYSIS] Like Vettel, Lazenby feels Hamilton will use his platform to raise awareness of key issues after he quits. He added: “I feel like Lewis is quite statesmanlike already and I think he probably feels he could add much more value being an ambassador to some of the good causes he talks about so much. “The thing I admire the most about him is he’s prepared to stick his head above the parapet on a number of issues. And a number of issues which are central to where we are heading as a society and as a planet. I’ve always admired him for that, some people will say ‘oh he’s just playing lip service to it’ but I'm not sure I believe that. “If he does start to become more actively involved with some of these things when he leaves the sport that might be what he enjoys."