It’s good to have a regular cleaning routine, whether that’s hoovering your house each week or washing your towels every day - having a routine can make tackling pesky chores that bit easier. However, some of the most common cleaning methods we utilise each week could be doing more harm than good to our homes. Experts at Clear it Waste have found out which cleaning methods are damaging our household items and how we can adopt more appropriate methods. It’s likely you’ve never thought about how you mop your floors but mopping against the grain of your floor, can cause dirt particles to get stuck in the crevices of the floor and can even cause streaks. Make sure you are mopping with the grain rather than against it as this will ensure no dirt gets stuck in the crevices of your floor. When there’s a grease stain or perhaps an oily spillage, we will often opt for hot water to clean it up. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p However, Jade Piper, content manager of Better Cleans, said “hot water can actually cause grease and oil to spread and become more difficult to clean”. Use cool water to clean up grease and oil as this will make the cleaning process easier while saving you cash on your energy bills. Using hot water to wash all your garments isn’t only costing you money on your energy bills but it can also damage your clothes. Hot water can damage natural fabrics in clothes which can ruin them and decrease their lifespan. DON'T MISSGardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]‘Increase the size’ of orchid blooms with popular bath item [UPDATE]Neighbours fume as homeowner could possibly keep 'eyesore' extension [ANALYSIS] Instead of using hot water in every wash, use cool washes for most of your loads of washing except all-white washes. Try to use cooler water whenever you can as this will keep your clothes in good condition while keeping your energy bills down. After cooking, it is a common mistake to scrub pots and pans with abrasive sponges to remove caked-on food and grease. However, using rough sponges will only scratch and damage steel pots, pans and stovetops. READ MORE: Warning over 25p TikTok tip for keeping bathroom mirrors steam-free Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Use a non-scratch sponge or pad to reduce the risk of scratching and damaging pots and pans. If there’s a fresh stain on the carpet or on your new top, your go-to method might be to give them a good scrub. However, scrubbing can damage your carpet fibres and other fabrics. Try and blot the stain gently until dry and treat it with a stain remover. Remember to test the stain-remover on a hidden area of the fabric first to ensure it won’t damage the fabric. Spokesperson Joshua Clarke from Clear it Waste added: “With the spring-cleaning season approaching, many of us may opt for using the same techniques as we usually do. “However, it is crucial to ensure you aren’t repeating these common cleaning mistakes in your home, as over time they will ultimately damage your household items, making things harder and more expensive in the long run. “The alternative tips are important to consider, as they can make the task of cleaning less difficult, with some also helping us consider ways to save money on our energy bills, which can be crucial at present.”