Former Real Madrid and Manchester United man Javier Hernandez was ruled out of his side’s scheduled showpiece season opener last week due to a tweaked hamstring sustained in training. The Mexican international, in his fourth full season with the California club, later took to Twitch to discuss his condition and revealed he could be on the sidelines for up to five weeks. That admission appears to have ruffled a few feathers within the organisation, most notably that of head coach Greg Vanney, who expressed his annoyance at the star man’s disclosure. "It matters. For us, things like that are internal and for club release,” he said on Wednesday ahead of what will be Galaxy’s first league outing on Sunday against FC Dallas following last weekend’s postponement due to weather. “Players sometimes want to get out in front of it and want their fans to know how they're doing. But ultimately there’s a time and a place to give that information. MUST READ MLS season opener gaffe leaves commentator explaining offside rule in wild St Louis goal “It's also about the opposition, game management, game prep, all those kinds of things. There's a lot of things. It's not earth-shattering but in different situations this could be really important information that you give to the opposition, and you don't want to do that all the time, that's for sure." The longtime Toronto boss went on to pour cold water on Hernandez’s assertion that he would be out of action for such a prolonged period and instead suggested the forward would be reassessed by medical staff in the next few weeks. Vanney added: "With Javier, he's in the treatment phase, then he's gotta go through 'return to play'. I don't know exactly... 2-5 weeks is a long range. Our anticipation with the grade 1 hamstring strain is 10 days to a couple of weeks. "Then we'll see with return to play how long it takes him to get back into maximum fitness and do all the things he needs to do for a match performance. I don't know if that's two weeks or four weeks, right now he's still in the treatment phase."