Manchester United and Liverpool have issued a joint statement to urge fans against chanting about tragedies during Sunday's crunch Premier League clash. Erik ten Hag and Jurgen Klopp have written to supporters of both clubs to attempt to kick the trend out of football. High-profile matches, commonly between rivals, have often led to abhorrent chanting about football tragedies to 'score points' against the opposition fan base. United and Liverpool have been at the centre of some of the most upsetting historical examples in Munich, Heysel and Hillsborough. And in a heartfelt plea ahead of the latest grudge match at Anfield, Ten Hag and Klopp have urged supporters to help eradicate the atmosphere-souring trend. Ten Hag wrote: "The rivalry between Manchester United and Liverpool is one of the greatest in world football. "We all love the passion of the fans when our teams meet, but there are lines that should not be crossed. JUST IN: Liverpool decide stance on replacing Firmino as pressure piles on four "It is unacceptable to use the loss of life — in relation to any tragedy — to score points, and it is time for it to stop. "Those responsible tarnish not only the reputation of our clubs but also, importantly, the reputation of themselves, the fans, and our great cities. "On behalf of myself, our players, and our staff, we ask our fans to focus on supporting the team on Sunday and representing our club in the right way." Jurgen Klopp added: "One of the main reasons why the rivalry between Liverpool and Manchester United is so special is that it is so intense, and no one should ever want to change this. "But at the same time, when the rivalry becomes too intense, it can go to places that are not good for anyone, and we do not need this. DON'T MISS Man Utd £50m Ivan Toney deal jeopardised with Brentford 'disappointed'Football news LIVE - Premier League build-up as Ronaldo bites at fanLiverpool boss Klopp may axe another three heroes after Firmino exit "We do want the noise, we do want the occasion to be partisan, and we do want the atmosphere to be electric. "What we do not want is anything that goes beyond this, and this applies especially to the kind of chants that have no place in football. "If we can keep the passion and lose the poison, it will be so much better for everyone." United can strengthen their grip on a top-three finish and move 13 points ahead of Liverpool with a win at Anfield on Sunday. But the Red Devils haven't left Merseyside with three points since a 1-0 triumph under Louis van Gaal in 2016, with Wayne Rooney scoring the decisive goal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here