"Is there life on Mars?" David Bowie asked. Maybe the question should have been "was there life on Mars?" because a growing number of scientists are increasingly convinced that the Red Planet once hosted living creatures - and we're not talking basic, microscopic single-cell amoebas or bacteria, but relatively sophisticated animals visible to the naked eye. The story broke this week and it knocked me out of my socks. That’s because it begs so many fundamental questions about man’s existence (and even God’s). We’ll come to them in a minute. First, the mounting evidence that Mars was once (and perhaps still is) a living planet. It comes from Nasa’s rovers, which have been slowly cruising around Martian rocks, craters, and long dried-up river beds and lakes for the last quarter of a century. The rovers have beamed thousands of high-resolution photographs back to Earth – and now a group of researchers have broken a long, guarded silence and published four peer-reviewed papers, explaining why they think the evidence for life on Mars is simply too overwhelming to keep secret any longer among a privileged few. They say they have seen photos of fossils, which look exactly like the ones routinely found here on Earth. Fossils of shrimps, crabs and scorpions. Fossils of worm eggs, spiders, and in one extraordinary image, a millipede. Plants too – sponges, corals, and mushrooms. There may even be images of living creatures on the surface of Mars today. Dr Rudolph Schild of the respected Harvard-Smithsonian Centre for Astrophysics is spokesman for the group: “We have photos of an unusual specimen that seems to be in a hole,” he said. “Two days later it’s outside the hole.” Gulp. Nasa now plans to bring some of the rock samples home, in an operation they’ve christened “Fetch”. Specimens will be launched into Martian orbit, collected by a spacecraft sent from Earth, and brought back home. They could provide final, incontrovertibleproof that we are not alone – and never were. On Tuesday I spoke to Sky At Night presenter Dr Maggie Aderin-Pocock about the intriguing questions that arise from all this. If there was, or is, life on Mars, did it emerge spontaneously and separately from life on Earth? If so, why does it look so similar to creatures found here? There are two possible answers, she told me. Either a huge asteroid strike here millions of years ago punched the seeds of life into space, and they eventually floated down on Mars. Or – and this is the real googly – life developed on Mars first and an asteroid strike there subsequently bounced it over to Earth. To me, that presents an obvious challenge to Genesis and the Old Testament: far from God creating man in His image here, was the act of creation performed on the Red Planet? If so, meaning that life here is essentially alien in origin, what room in the equation is left for God? Unless, of course, He’s a Martian. Self-pity is one of the least attractive human characteristics. People who insist on dwelling on their own misfortunes rapidly become unbelievably boring. Which is why, when I read the headline sparked by Prince Harry’s latest public moan-fest – “I come from a broken family” – I wanted to bang my head against the nearest wall. Will he ever stop complaining? He has a beautiful wife, two adorable little children, a mansion in the Golden State, and dollars coming out of his ears. I think Harry should pay a visit to Ukraine’s war zone. It might give him some much-needed perspective on what real suffering is. I just made a back-of-an-envelope calculation and realised, with something of a jolt, that I must have interviewed upwards of around 5,000 actors in my years on TV and radio. One thing many have in common is a surprising lack of self-belief – especially the most talented and successful ones. So it was no surprise to read this week that Keira Knightley is among them. She tells April’s issue of Harper’s Bazaar that she used to be “incredibly hard” on herself and felt she was “never good enough”. I suppose it’s a form of so-called imposter syndrome. Must stem from repeatedly having to pretend to be someone else, I guess. If Gary Lineker genuinely thinks the Government’s migration policy is comparable to Nazi Germany’s genocidal plans for Jews, homosexuals, and sundry ethnic minorities in the 1930s, I wonder what he feels about Australia. That country has what you might call a “robust” approach to illegal migrants that must be the envy of our Home Secretary and the Prime Minister. It involves naval patrols ruthlessly turning back approaching boatloads of asylum-seekers, virtually instant deportation of anyone who does somehow make it through the defences, and a completely unapologetic response to anyone who dares protest. Would Lineker compare the Australian government to Hitler’s? Actually, I don’t really care if he does, however potty it would be. I’m not one of those who believes the Match Of The Day host should be barred from posting political tweets. He’s a sports presenter, not a current affairs journalist. I don’t see why being paid £1.35million a year by the BBC (well, us, actually, via the licence fee) means he can’t say what he thinks on social media. Some of his tweets are quite clever; some, like this one, are just crackpot. Either way, it’s called free speech.