Married at First Sight Australia series 10 made its debut Down Under in January and now it's the UK's turn to enjoy the drama. As always, the E4 dating show sees a group of people in search of "The One", who put their trust in a team of experts. So who are those responsible for getting all of the contestants hitched? Here's everything you need to know about the MAFS Australia experts. Mel Schilling is one of the two original experts who remains on Married at First Sight Australia. The 51-year-old is a relationship and marriage expert who worked as a psychologist for two decades. She later turned her attention to becoming a relationship expert, as well as giving her advice on issues like dating, careers and divorce. Mel is married to her Irish husband Gareth who she met more than 10 years ago on a dating website before getting married in Bali in 2018 - they now share a six-year-old daughter Maddie. READ MORE: Mark Steyn's GB News show branded 'materially misleading' John Aiken is a former professional cricketer who played for the Auckland and Wellington teams in New Zealand but while playing, he also trained as a relationship expert. He has also given his blunt but fair views on romances on other shows like ABC's Making Couples Happy and Making Families Happy. Most recently, he started working on the official Married at First Sight podcast with his fellow expert Alessandra Rampolla. John has been married to his wife Kelly for 13 years and has two children. Sexologist Alessandra Rampolla was introduced in season eight, replacing Dr Trisha Stratford. Originally from Puerto Rico, Alessandra has more than 20 years of experience helping couples with their sexual chemistry. She has a master's degree in marriage and family therapy and various other credentials specifically relating to sexology. Alessandra was previously married to businessman John Hernández before getting divorced in 2011 after four years. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [CAST] GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [REACTION] MAFS Australia star teases 'game-changing' moment in series first  [EXPLAINER] Married at First Sight Australia season 10 is premiering in the UK tonight, Monday, March 6, on E4. The dating series is going to be on four nights a week, taking rest bite from Friday to Sunday. So far it isn't clear how many episodes are going to make up this season but could well follow the pattern from last year. Season nine was made up of 35 episodes, as well as a reunion dinner party and the finale episode. What makes the 2023 series different from last year though is that there will be more contestants to follow. Season nine had eight brides and eight grooms matched from the very beginning and three more couples were introduced later on. This time around, the show will start with 10 couples and later welcome two more. Married at First Sight Australia season 10 continues Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on E4.