Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are tipped to be given "front-row seats" at the King's Coronation in May, in the same week it was revealed that King Charles has evicted them from Frogmore Cottage. The couple have lived permanently in California but had maintained their UK base at Frogmore, however, they were told to vacate in January following the publication of Harry's memoir Spare. The book made a number of damaging claims against the royals, although Harry explained in TV promotional interviews that he still hopes for a reconciliation with his family. This week's events have thrown that prospect into further doubt and raised more questions over whether the Sussexes will be at the Coronation at Westminster Abbey on May 6. Author and Royal expert Wesley Kerr told The Royal Beat - available on True Royalty TV that he believes the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend the Coronation. He said: "I think they will come. There is a lovely royal gallery where the Sussexes will get front-row seats. There will be lots of cutaways and plenty of chances to wear fantastic outfits." Invitations for the ceremony are expected to go out over the next week, with a guest list of around 2,000 people. If Harry and Meghan do attend it is likely they will sit separately from other high-profile royals like the Prince and Princess of Wales, as they did during the Platinum Jubilee. Buckingham Palace have planned for the Sussexes to attend but the couple have not confirmed whether they will accept or decline the invitation. READ MORE: Fergie opens up on difficult past that helped her become ‘good mother' The event also falls on the same day as their son Archie's fourth birthday, leading some to speculate that Meghan will remain home with their children while Harry travels to the UK. Others have suggested that the Duchess is even planning a holiday to the Caribbean during the Coronation weekend. If and when the Sussexes do return to the UK they will no longer be able to stay at Frogmore and have already begun moving their belongings out. DON'T MISS:Sarah Ferguson refuses to wade into Harry and Meghan drama [LATEST]King's first state visit confirmed as trips to Paris and Berlin [REVEAL]'Outraged' King Charles evicted Harry after his attacks on Camilla [UPDATES] Reports have said that Charles has offered the property to Prince Andrew instead, who is currently living at Royal Lodge. The Duke of York has lived at the £30million house mansion for 20 years but may have to leave once his annual £249,000 grant is cut from April. This will leave him struggling to afford the upkeep of the property, with million already being spent on refurbishments there. Harry and Meghan also spent at least £2.4million renovating Frogmore, with Sunday Times royal editor Roya Nikkhah telling The Royal Beat they may try to get some of that money back.