Almost half of employed adults believe the dream job doesn't exist – with flexible working topping the list of most sought-after requirements. A study of 2,000 workers found two-thirds (64 percent) are not currently in the industry they dreamed of being in, and 71 percent are not in their intended role. But 46 percent don’t believe the dream job exists – although 41 percent also admitted their own ideal career isn’t a realistic goal. The ultimate role would also need to include the opportunity to travel (35 percent), regular pay rises (45 percent), and not being stuck behind a desk all day (26 percent). Other things a dream job should entail were no day being the same (25 percent), free food and drink (21 percent), and opportunities to go to events (20 percent), or work in other countries (18 percent). It also emerged healthcare, creative arts and design, and leisure, sport, and tourism are the top industries employed adults feel their ultimate career would be in. But 54 percent don’t think they’ll ever be in their dream job role or industry. The research was commissioned by Accor, to mark the launch of TV show, “Fred’s Last Resort” on E4, where young recruits will be put to the test within the demanding industry of luxury hospitality – resulting in one of them winning a life- and career-changing role with the brand. It also found a third of those polled (32 percent) have worked in the hospitality industry at some point, and 60 percent were satisfied with the job. However, 17 percent admitted they see the likes of working in a hotel, restaurant, or bar as a “stepping stone” career, and 16 percent are under the impression there is a lack of flexibility. Fred Sirieix said: “The hospitality industry offers such great opportunities for people, which is why I am still so passionate about it and love it just as much as the first day I started. “However, the sector has an image problem in the UK, and I’m on a mission to change that. “Too many people see the industry as a stepping-stone at best, but most of them don’t appreciate how rewarding it can be. A true profession!” The research also found that, of the age groups polled, the younger demographic of 18-24-year-olds are most willing to consider a career in hospitality (41 percent). Nearly three in ten (29 percent), of 25-34-year-olds also would – compared to just 16 percent of the population as a whole. A spokesman for Accor said: “We all have an idea of what we want to do with our career when we start out, but often end up compromising – whether that’s on the hours, pay, or industry itself. “The research shows that while people think their dream job doesn’t exist, a lot of the things people are looking for in their job now are very achievable – like having flexibility and variety, and simply enjoying their day-to-day role. “It’s true that hospitality has traditionally been poorly perceived in this country, but role models like Fred are doing a great job to change that. “There is still a lack of awareness about where a hospitality career can take you, but as the survey suggests, we are seeing more interest from younger generations who are beginning to realise that their aspirations – whether they are about career progression, variety, travel, finances, flexibility, or just fun – can be easily met in the right hospitality setting.” According to the study, perception and reality often don’t align in our careers – as 32 percent of those polled have less job satisfaction than they thought they’d have. And one in four (24 percent) feel their job isn’t what they expected it would be. The typical worker has been in their current role for eight years – but 41 percent aren’t earning as much as they’d like to be at this stage. And 20 percent are frustrated they haven’t progressed further than they have. Many are also dissatisfied with the amount of opportunities they have to travel (39 percent), and how much fun they have at work (36 percent). The OnePoll.com survey also found job enjoyment came top of the most important factors to people in their career (63 percent) – followed by the pay and benefits (61 percent), and flexibility (39 percent). Fred Sirieix added: “I’ve always worked hard. I’m first in and last out, and I attribute a lot of my success to that work ethic. “That pride in a job well done, and the hard work needed to get there, is what I’ve learnt in hospitality and, for me, is the key to career contentment and success, no matter what the sector.” Fred’s Last Resort starts on E4 on March 14th.