As several friends gather for a dinner party, with one guest raising a glass and making a toast, there is a white glove hidden somewhere, that only two percent of people are going to be able to find in less than 11 seconds. Can you spot it? An optical illusion is described as a “mind-bending, deeply fascinating, shape-shifting image of an object or drawing or people that challenge the brain’s way of perceiving things”. A normal brain of a human can look at things or images differently than someone else, forming another perception. One clever illustration created by Bright Side shows a dinner party and there is a single white glove hiding somewhere. Apparently, only two percent of people can spot the glove, and if you do, it suggests you have a high level of intelligence. READ MORE: Optical illusion: Mind-blowing puzzle baffling the internet - why? The image has been shared as a picture puzzle that both adults and children can attempt. The illusion shows six cartoon guests gathered around a table, that has food laid on it and candlelights. The party host is standing and everybody else is watching and listening. To make things tricky, there are lots of white items in the picture to throw you off finding the glove. Don't miss... Mum worries she’s ‘mean’ for refusing daughter to stay over boyfriends [COMMEN] Meghan Markle puts her own needs before Harry’s, expert claims  [VIDEO] McVitie's digestives compared to supermarket’s own in a taste test  [REVIEW] If after 11 seconds you’re struggling to locate the glove, here are a few clues: Studies show the more you exercise your brain with difficult puzzles, brain teasers and illusions, the smarter you tend to be. READ MORE: Hairdresser shares ‘universally flattering’ hair colour Optical illusions are just one way to stretch the brain and the combinations of colour, lights and patterns can trick the brain into seeing something that isn’t there. If you enjoyed finding the glove, perhaps you want to try finding the giraffe in this difficult animal illusion. Another fun exercise to get the brain thinking is riddles. Here are a few from riddles.com. 1. “I fly when I am born, lie when I’m alive, and run when I am dead. What am I?” 2. “When my father was 31 I was 8. Now he is twice as old as me. How old am I?” 3. “What can you hold in your right hand, but not in your left?” 4. “The more you take, the more you leave behind. What am I?” 5. “What has a head, a tail, is brown, and has no legs?” Answers 1. A snowflake. 2. The difference in age is 23 years, so I must be 23 if my father is twice as old as me. 3. Your left hand. 4. Footsteps. 5. A Penny.