Are you guilty of stereotyping people's professions simply by the clothing they wear? An amusing video has revealed how Brits don’t have a clue what farmers do, as passers-by tried to guess the job of a suited and booted mystery man. People were also given tips on the job role – including scientific testing, being in the great outdoors regularly, high business acumen, and driving positive change for the climate. But most were none-the-wiser as to what industry Adam Johnstone, a 27-year-old dairy farmer from Hampshire, worked in. Guesses included a sportsman, marketer, coffee shop owner, and even a lawyer – while others thought he could be a musician, or someone who works as part of a hiking brand. It follows research of Gen Z adults whose career aspirations included analytical jobs, roles that tackle climate change, and even jobs that include scientific testing – yet have no idea about jobs in farming. Research of 500 young people, aged 18-24, revealed a third don’t have a clue about agricultural roles, despite them ticking a number of these boxes. The research was commissioned by Arla, which is looking to attract the next generation of farmers to help deliver future changes, and to engage the Government in their mission to raise awareness of new initiatives, such as its Climate Check programme. Paul Savage, director of UK agriculture at the dairy brand, said: “Sustainability is about ensuring a sustainable workforce for the future, and that is why we need our younger generation to step-up and consider a future in dairy, to help drive the changes we’ve already identified. “There is clearly a knowledge gap within Gen Z Brits – and it’s our job, alongside the Government, to ensure there are enough future farmers in place to help drive the changes that will help the industry meet its climate commitments.” When asked about the role dairy farmers play in tackling the climate crisis, 45 percent weren’t aware they’re working day in, day out, towards lowering climate emissions. And 67 percent didn’t know they spend most of their time using technology to gather and analyse data, working to improve the sustainability of their farms, and taking a data-led approach to the work they do. It also emerged two-thirds of young adults think it’s important farmers use renewable energy technologies. But nearly half of those were unaware that solar panels and wind turbines can already be found on many farms, and often have the capacity to generate enough energy to power homes in the local area. Paul Savage, from Arla, added: “In October last year, we launched a Sustainability Incentive Model – a new way of rewarding farmers for their actions to reduce emissions through the milk price. “And we’re already collecting data for our 2023 Climate Checks report, with the results to be published in Autumn 2023. “We’re calling on the Government to join with the industry in encouraging more young Brits to consider a role in agriculture, and to help them gain the skills they need.”