A resident fed-up with parking chaos on their street left "sinister" notes on car windscreens urging the drivers to "park on your own street". The signs were taped to the outside of the windscreens of the vehicles over the weekend in Bedminster, Bristol.  The sign read: "Dear vehicle owner/driver, The residents of British Road have noticed that you park on this street regularly, yet do not live on this street. "Please be mindful of the residents who wish to park near their own properties. We respectfully ask you to park your vehicle on the street that you live on, in future." One of the notices was attached to an unmarked van, which had a "BT engineer on call" sign inside the vehicle on the dashboard. On this vehicle, a handwritten addition to the pre-printed notice read: "YOU DO NOT WORK FOR BT!!!" The parking mayhem has been an issue in the street near a school in Bristol for years, residents told Bristol Live. One resident, who wished to remain anonymous, said she was concerned by the appearance of the signs. "Parking is an absolute nightmare around here, and people spend a lot of time driving around looking for a space, so I understand people get frustrated, but this is a bit sinister. Whoever wrote this does not speak for everyone on this road at all. How do they know the people who own those vehicles don’t live nearby? "Do they keep watch all the time, and then follow them to see where they go when they park up? As a woman driver, I’d be worried if that appeared on my car, wondering who was following me to check where I lived. "And because parking is a nightmare here, you do sometimes have to park a fair distance away from where you live. There are too many cars and not enough street. But the main thing is, whoever posted this note doesn’t seem to realise they have no greater claim over the road outside where they live than anyone else. "It’s not their road, it’s everyone’s. There’s no residents’ parking scheme here, there’s no restrictions, people can park where they like for however long they want. If this notice-writer wants to guarantee they can park their car outside their home, they need to move to a house with its own drive." 