Netflix subscribers couldn't get enough of Sex/Life the first time around so it didn't come as too much of a surprise when it was quickly renewed for more. Two years later, and these latest episodes have been released on March 2. As the drama once again follows Billie Connelly's (played by Sarah Shahi) journey, it also welcomes other potential lovers. Wife and mum Billie Connelly grew tired of her mundane life, dreaming of going back to her care-free days and fantasising about her ex-boyfriend. Things got complicated when they met up again and even when she decided to put it to bed, Billie couldn't resist going to her exe's apartment to try and start up their illicit romance. Actress and former model Sarah Shahi was Carmen in The L Word, Kate Reed in legal drama Fairly Legal and Sameen Shaw in CBS' Person of Interest. Cooper is Billie's very straight-laced husband who was hurt and confused by Billie's desire for more. But he has been eager to try and keep his wife happy in order to save his marriage, as well as explore his own sexual side. Much like his co-star Shahi, actor Mike Vogel is also an ex-model who started acting in 2001. He has since been in The Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants, Cloverfield, under the Dome, The Help and Poseidon. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 Brad Simon is the Australian ex-boyfriend of Billie's who still wants to be with her, despite years going by. He is hoping she will see that a life with him could be far more exciting than with Cooper. Actor Adam Demos is probably best known for playing August Walker in the series Unreal. Businesswoman Sasha is Billie's best friend who has been there throughout the turbulent relationship issues she's been having as of late. In season two, fans will get to see Sasha explore her own new love story. Sex/Life is actress Margaret Odette's biggest role to date but has been in Elementary, Instinct, Blindspot, Boogie and Step Up: High Water. English actress Wallis Day is probably best known for playing Kate Kane in the second season of the TV series Batwoman. Apart from this, she was Nyssa-Vex in Krypton and Holly Cunningham in Channel 4's Hollyoaks. She will play Gigi in Sex/Life, a model who could come between Billie and Brad. Actor Dylan Bruce was Paul Dierden in BBC America and Space's Orphan Black, as well as Chris Hughes in CBS' As the World Turns. He is behind Spencer, a happily married gay lawyer who is also Cooper's brother. DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark  [VIDEO]Shoppers praise under £100 Panasonic straighteners for smooth blow dry [REACTION]Meghan Markle will 'trade up' after 'burning through' Netflix millions [ROYAL] Actor Craig Bierko has been in The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Thirteenth Floor, Cinderella Man, Boston Legal and Easy to Assemble. He was also Chet Wilton in the Lifetime series UnReal for three years. Now, Bierko is behind cut-throat agent Mick who is eager to take Sasha's career to the next level. As well as Bierko, actor Cleo Anthony has also been brought in for Sasha as her new love interest Kam. Anthony was in the 10-episode 2017 Netflix series She's Gotta Have It, based on the 1986 Spike Lee film of the same name. Adding another spanner in the works for Billie is restaurant owner Majid who has taken a shine to her. Actor Darius Homayoun has been in a number of hit shows such as Tyrant, Succession, Tehran and The Long Road Home. Sex/Life seasons one and two are available to watch on Netflix.