A shocking video shows the moment a man held up a gun and shot a homeless man at point-blank range in a St Louis street in broad daylight. Horrified onlookers stood by while the gun-wielding man fled the scene. The shooting happened in the Missouri street on Monday. Deshawn Thomas, 23, has been arrested in connection with the shooting but he is yet to be charged, police said. In the video, the alleged shooter can be seen standing a few feet behind the homeless man, who is sitting on the path, while he struggles to load his gun. The man on the ground appears to see Thomas and raises his hand but made no attempt to run away, seemingly accepting his fate.  After he loaded the gun and shot the homeless man, a person nearby can be heard saying: "Oh my god. He just f****ng killed him." The victim's name has not been revealed but it is believed that he had, just minutes before, fended off the gun-carrying man at a nearby Shell petrol station. The alleged shooter then chased him down the street before shooting him in the head, police said. Major Ryan Cousins, of the St Louis Metropolitan Police, said the incident, which happened at around 10am, is particularly "unnerving". READ MORE: Charles Bronson has '12 girlfriends waiting outside prison' He told St Louis Dispatch: "Any homicide is unnerving but for this one to happen here, at this time, very much so.” After the shooting, Thomas is believed to have fled the scene but police located him in a local library and took him into custody. The video was posted on Twitter by a witness who saw the shooting unfold, but it was quickly taken down because of its graphic nature. It has, however, since been uploaded again.  Some people commenting on the video questioned why bystanders didn't try to intervene and stop the shooting. One wrote: "The dude filming had a golden opportunity to stop this... but he stood there, watching, holding his camera. If he did not call the police prior to, send his ass to prison, too." But another user defended the filmer, saying: "What are they supposed to do to a guy with a gun? I doubt they were expecting this outcome." A third person hit back, writing: "Call 911." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews