Broken Rock Reservation’s Chief Thomas Rainwater (played by Gil Birmingham) and his assistant Mo (Mo Brings Plenty) are still unsure where they sit with John Dutton (Kevin Costner) as Montana’s new governor. However, they also have their own problems to contend with in Yellowstone season five, and the reservation may have to call in a favour from the Dutton ranch if things get out of hand when the Paramount drama continues. Brings Plenty has warned a team-up between his character Mo and Dutton’s ranch manager Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) could be too much for fans to handle. Although Mo is rarely involved in Yellowstone’s more violent scenes, he’s remained loyal to Rainwater throughout the series and definitely has the skills to look after himself. As the war for the reservation escalates in the second half of season five, fans may see Mo stepping up to the plate to protect his land and people. “I don’t know if I want to mess with that guy, either,” Brings Plenty shared. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified “The quiet ones, you always have to be watchful of the quiet ones. That individual has a strength that hopefully one day in my real life I can have that type of strength.” As the right-hand men of Rainwater and Dutton, respectively, Mo and Rip are parallels of each other, though they don’t often share the screen. Yellowstone fans have long wondered what a fistfight or partnership between the two could look like, but the star and real-life rancher is staying cautious for now. “Rip, you know… a lot of people, they always say, ‘Man it would be awesome to see Rip and Mo team up’,” he said on the Monday Morning Critic Podcast. “And I don’t know if the world is ready for that. I don’t know if we could see them team up. “That would be like a hurricane, tornado all in one sweeping across the land.” Viewers hoping for a team-up will also have to wait for some time, as Rip and other cowboys have started their move to Texas to protect their livestock. Plus, there’s a possibility the current cast will be wrapping up their stories later this year following reports Costner is bowing out as series lead. Don't miss... NCIS LA showrunner teases Hetty return in series finale [INTERVIEW] Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [EXCLUSIVE] House of the Dragon star exposes deleted wedding scene [LATEST] “I’m just thankful that Taylor created that character for me, and has given me the opportunity to bring him to life,” Brings Plenty added. He also gave his co-star Hauser a touching shout-out, as he recalled: “We got to present [the Golden Globes] together. And I love that guy, too, he’s a good brother.” Brings Plenty has also considered the possibility of a spin-off with his long-time co-star Birmingham to shed more light on Yellowstone’s Native American stories. “That’d be wonderful,” he said. “He and I have talked about it and joked around. “‘We need a Mo and Rainwater spin-off!’ And I said, ‘That’d be wonderful’.” Throughout the first half of season five, Rainwater and Mo have butted heads with their returning collaborator Angela Blue Thunder (Q'orianka Kilcher). The tribal lawyer is determined to get Montana’s Native community back on top, but the Broken Rock Chief knows full well what waging war against the Duttons would mean for the reservation. Unfortunately, there’s still no update for the release of the rest of Yellowstone’s fifth and potentially final season, so fans will just have to sit tight for further details. Yellowstone seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Paramount+.