Members of the Royal Family will gather at Westminster Abbey on Monday for the annual Commonwealth Day Service. King Charles III will attend the service for the first time as monarch and Head of the Commonwealth, and the 74-year-old has already chosen to shake things up at the historic occasion. While his mother and predecessor, the late Queen Elizabeth II, chose to provide a written message ahead of time, Charles is expected to deliver a message during the service. Now, a royal commentator has pointed out a potential reason for his more “personal role”.  Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Zoe Forsey and Russell Myers, hosts of the Pod Save The King podcast, discussed the upcoming event last week. Ms Forsey noted Charles’s decision to “do things a bit differently,” mentioning the late Queen’s message which was “normally written in the programme,” and saying the King has plans to “actually deliver” his. This year’s service marks the first since the death of Queen Elizabeth, who was known to have a deep passion for the Commonwealth. Her devotion to the association has been passed down through the generations, with Mr Myers noting that “Commonwealth Day is particularly important to the Royal Family”. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan unlikely to mark key royal event as 'Commonwealth not their priority' He went on to note its significance for the King, who “wants to have a personal role” in the service. “The Commonwealth is very, very important to him [Charles],” Mr Myers said. “He has been voted as the new Head of the Commonwealth and of course, that was one of Her Majesty's final parting gifts — not only to him, but to the Commonwealth.” Mr Myers, the Daily Mirror's royal editor, explained that members of the Firm may soon see a shift in their role within the Commonwealth, namely Prince William, who is the heir apparent to the throne. He said: “I don’t think, as he has said, that William will end up taking it [the role]. He said that he probably won't be the Head of the Commonwealth. There will be different voices in the next 10-20 years that will come to the fore and he could probably add a voice, rather than being the main player.” In March 2022, after their controversial tour of the Caribbean, William and his wife, Kate, Princess of Wales, indicated that they would take a more modern approach to their future royal roles. The Prince hinted that he doesn't mind if he isn't head of the Commonwealth in future, and that he believes one day it may be led by someone outside of the Royal Family. In remarks issued to mark the end of the Prince and Prince of Wales’s first official trip to the region, William said: “Who the Commonwealth chooses to lead its family in the future isn't what is on my mind. “What matters to us is the potential the Commonwealth family has to create a better future for the people who form it, and our commitment to serve and support as best we can.” Several controversies and republican sentiment flared up during William and Kate’s week-long visit to Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas, with calls for him to apologise for the Royal Family's central role in the slave trade.. Don't miss... King Charles's Commonwealth speech at Westminster Abbey - inside [ANALYSIS] Sussexes unlikely to mark royal event as 'Commonwealth not priority' [LATEST] King Charles leads first Commonwealth Day service  [INSIGHT] “I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future,” the Prince said. “In Belize, Jamaica, and the Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon. But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them.” He concluded: “Catherine and I are committed to service. For us, that's not telling people what to do. It is about serving and supporting them in whatever way they think best, by using the platform we are lucky to have. It is why tours such as this reaffirm our desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world.” His comments were particularly striking given the importance of the Commonwealth to his grandmother throughout her reign. In 2018, she made it clear that she wanted her eldest son to take on the role of head of the Commonwealth following her death, a wish that the Commonwealth voted through. Mr Myers suggested a similar vote will take place when the time comes to elect a new leader, but indicated that the royals may take a step back. Reflecting on William’s “desire to serve the people of the Commonwealth and to listen to communities around the world,” the commentator said the Royal Family’s association with the Commonwealth will be “very apparent when they do their foreign tours”. Senior members of the Firm are expected to undertake royal tours following the King’s Coronation, due to take place on May 6. Mr Myers has previously predicted that either the King and Queen Camilla or the Prince and Prince of Wales may visit Australia or Canada in the near future.