Chelsea star Raheem Sterling has already lavished praise onto Mikel Arteta amid reports that the Arsenal boss is keen to reunite with the player this summer. Sterling and the rest of his Blues team-mates are currently suffering through a tough period, with manager Graham Potter under severe pressure to turn things around. The 82-cap England international ditched Manchester City last summer for a role of greater responsibility at Stamford Bridge, although he couldn't have foreseen what was to come. Todd Boehly and Clearlake Capital have overseen a mammoth squad overhaul that has sparked excitement among fans, while also affecting competition for places. Sterling has only scored four Premier League goals this term, and while injuries have played their part in his lack of success, doubts may be creeping in as to whether Chelsea is the best- place to spend his prime years. According to 90min, Arteta is keen to reunite with Sterling and could offer him a Stamford Bridge exit route, with Arsenal intent on adding players experienced in European competition as they prepare to return to the Champions League in 2023/24. DON'T MISS: Man City boss Guardiola takes aim at Man Utd after Carabao Cup win Sterling and Arteta have already worked together during the Spaniard's three-year stint as Pep Guardiola's assistant at the Etihad. Speaking back in 2020, Sterling described Arteta as 'a person that had a lot of say at Man City', adding: "The manager trusted him here and he had a lot of influence on the players here and the team as well. "So I knew once he went into Arsenal that it would be a great opportunity for him but also he would definitely implement what he wanted to bring in. And he's a person that will put his foot down and not let things slide as you can see with the boys at Arsenal. READ MORE...Potter faces Chelsea ultimatum as players 'angry' after Tottenham lossWeghorst spots 'something special' at Man Utd after Carabao Cup winMan Utd outcast Phil Jones makes feelings clear on quitting "They know if they don't run they are most likely not going to play. You can see the change that he's brought in there, you can see the energy, you can see how much he's put into them with their off-ball work. "We all knew before Mikel got in how much good football they could play, how technically good they were but probably off the field they weren't as aggressive as they are with Mikel. They run their socks off now, you can see why they benefited with some good results recently."  Since Sterling's glowing review, the stars have aligned for Arteta at Arsenal and his side are in pole position to clinch the Premier League title this campaign. The Gunners currently sit two points clear of City with a game in hand, while Chelsea languish in tenth. Sterling would have plenty of wide competition if he did move to the Emirates, with Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Martinelli laying claim to the starting spots. Leandro Trossard was also brought in from Brighton in January to bolster Arteta's options on the wing.