Ken Bruce's early departure from the BBC has sparked outrage among Radio 2 listeners, with many slamming the broadcaster. The radio DJ presented his final show on Friday before he makes the move to Greatest Hits Radio. At the beginning of his programme, he told Zoe Ball and his fans: "I'm going to miss you." He went on to add: "Don't look for any hidden messages or secret agendas. "Just good music all the way through. Enjoy!" Zoe also told her co-star how much she would miss him as she read out tributes from loyal listeners. "It's nearly time for our last handover with the wonderful Ken this morning," she explained. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges "So we are playing some bangers this morning for the mighty Bruce's last day. "We're gonna miss him massively. Let's give him a good send-off." She continued: "For some of us, he's been on the radio and in our ears for over half almost of our lives. "He's a class act, we know he's super smart, he's so supportive of everybody else here, and he's been wonderful to me.   "He's self-deprecating, he is a true gent with razor-sharp wit and is genuinely hilarious. "I am going to miss my radio neighbour hugely. "And his chats with Jeremy which are often hilarious, but we know he's gonna have great adventures ahead." However, just minutes into this show, fans took to social media in droves to share their thoughts, with many slamming the BBC. DON'T MISS...Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Commissioner makes appearance in spin-off [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit after Cain Dingle warning [SPOILERS] Twitter user @alancknott fumed: "Disgraceful treatment of Ken Bruce. BBC has lost its humanity and dignity." Michael Wait said: "The BBC Radio 2 should be ashamed of the ageist way it has treated Ken Bruce Steve Wright Paul O'Grady total disgrace ageism." (sic) While Annie Law complained: "Endings are so important. Very sad the #BBC pulled your show early. Go well #KenBruce." Twitter user @MinistryofTweed added: "It’s the last show on BBC Radio 2 for Ken Bruce today. My favourite DJ. I shall not be tuned into radio 2 from today unless Gary Davies is on. Doff of the tweed cap to @RealKenBruce you are just the best." "#bbcradio2 #popmaster #kenbruce Goodbye Radio 2 no more for me BBC nailing its own coffin," Donna Abbott raged. @PaulWoodroffe2 said: "After 31 years of dedicated service and giving the BBC some of the highest listener figures, all you could say about Ken Bruce is "we wish him all the best". Arrogant mean spirited Co. who have spoilt his last weeks and left a sour taste. SHAME ON YOU." (sic) As @bedethree admitted: "#r4today Good wishes to Ken Bruce. BBC doing what it does best; fixing something when it ain't broken! The offering in the afternoon since Steve Wright left is awful. We'll be moving with Ken, doubt they'll be getting 8 million for Vernon going on his fill-ins for Zoe Ball." (sic)