Chris Eubank Jr has been advised to pursue a career in celebrity boxing by Carl Froch. The former super-middleweight world champion believes Eubank Jr has shown ‘his levels and limitations’ after being knocked out by Liam Smith and thinks his time at the top is over. Next Gen was stopped in the fourth round by his fierce rival two months ago at the AO Arena, Manchester. Prior to the fight, Eubank Jr had never been knocked down let alone finished in the paid ranks. But heavy flurries from the Liverpudlian sent him tumbling to the canvas twice before the fight was eventually waved off. In the immediate aftermath, Eubank Jr protested that the damage had been caused by an illegal elbow and for a time considered lodging an appeal to the British Boxing Board of Control. However, Froch sees the KO as a clear sign of decline and wonders whether Eubank Jr can still hold a punch. “Eubank has shown his levels and limitations. I was surprised he was knocked out by a career super welterweight. He’s a celebrity fighter,” Froch told BonusCodeBets. “He’s very tough like this dad. Well, he used to be. But when he got clipped on the chin by Liam Smith, I’m questioning Eubank Jr. He’s in his thirties, is he struggling with weight, can he hold a punch, will he win the rematch – I’m not so sure …. I’m surprised he’s activating the rematch with Smith.” “If anyone needs to go down the celebrity boxing route and try and get something going it’s Eubank,” he added. “He’s got the name and following. Obviously, he’s a pro fighter, he went the distance with Saunders, and he went the distance with Groves, so he is capable. MORE BOXING NEWS... Mayweather announces five-fight world tour despite Chalmers flop Paul responds to Fury Sr's demands after double or nothing handshake All seven excuses Paul has given for loss to Fury including wet dream “But I don’t think he’s good enough to have a big impact in pro boxing. He missed out on the amateur experience and had a fantastic career in terms of money earned for the level of ability he’s got.” Eubank Jr has since activated the rematch clause in the contract and is expected to run it back with Smith later this year. Taking to Twitter on February 14, the Brighton boxer wrote: “This morning I activated the rematch clause via my lawyers & sent to my promoters @wasserman. Happy Valentines Day @liambeefysmith.” Smith responded: “Happy Valentine’s Day. See you soon,” alongside an image of Eubank Jr on the canvas during their fight.