Firstly, make sure you are eating breakfast; research shows that skipping the first meal of the day is associated with higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. The research paper was published in the Obesity research journal in April 2020, which highlighted how breakfast skippers had more "bad" cholesterol than breakfast eaters. One of the best breakfast choices you can make to lower cholesterol levels is to eat oatmeal. Rich in soluble fibre, Heart UK – the cholesterol charity – explains that oatmeal has the power to create a gel-like substance in the gut, which can help delay or reduce the amount of cholesterol being absorbed into the blood. Oats, specifically, contain a form of soluble fibre called beta-glucan that "has been shown to lower cholesterol". Heart UK explains: "Beta-glucan works by forming a gel in the gut which can bind with cholesterol-rich bile acids and stop them being absorbed into the body. "You need 3g of beta-glucan a day to help actively lower cholesterol." READ MORE: Six signs in your mouth you could be at risk of heart disease  When making oatmeal porridge, for example, even the type of milk you use can help to lower cholesterol. According to research published in Advances In Nutrition, the main fatty acid found in almond oil (found in almond milk), known as oleic acid, has beneficial changes to blood lipid levels (i.e. cholesterol). Another good breakfast option is avocado on toast, as the fruit is high in monounsaturated fatty acids, which lower cholesterol. Dietitian Victoria Taylor, based at the British Heart Foundation, said: "An 80g portion counts towards your five-a-day and contains vitamins, minerals and fibre. "The type of fat in an avocado is mainly unsaturated (specifically, monounsaturated), which, when eaten in place of high-saturated-fat foods, can help maintain healthy cholesterol levels." For people who are feeling a bit more hungry, they could add smoked salmon to their avocado on toast. Nutritionist Nicola Shubrook says salmon contains omega-3 fatty acids, which are "essential" for the body. Shubrook said: "The most beneficial omega-3 fatty acids, known as long chain, occur naturally in oily fish in the form of eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). READ MORE: New research says people can reduce their cancer risk within minutes "These fatty acids are thought to contribute to a healthy heart and help maintain skin, joints and hormonal balance." For those who have a bit of a sweet tooth, apple bran muffins could do the trick. In the British Journal Of Nutrition, the research states that whole grains, such as bran, may be associated with lower levels of LDL cholesterol. Apple also contains fibre, which helps with maintaining healthy cholesterol levels. The British Dietetics Association (BDA) warned of breakfast foods high in saturated fat. Sausages, for example, are high in saturated fats, which means a sausage sandwich is not ideal if you already have high cholesterol. This is also true of bacon sandwiches, which should also be avoided due to high saturated fat content. Butter is also high in saturated fat, so say no to butter on toast – or cheese on toast.