James Martin is a beloved British celebrity chef with a stunning stack of recipes up his sleeve. A blog called James Martin Chef shared the easy recipe from James Martin's Saturday Morning. Having a lazy Saturday or Sunday and don't want to spend hours slaving away in the kitchen? James Martin's wild mushrooms on toast with poached eggs might just be the answer to your prayers. It is an easy, hassle-free recipe which takes barely any time to make. It's also affordable and won't require on-duty chefs to fork out on fancy ingredients. READ MORE: You could ripen an avocado in just 10 minutes by putting it in oven  James Martin's mushrooms on toast makes a great alternative to avocado on toast or smoked salmon. The nutritious mushrooms and protein-rich eggs make for a healthy breakfast, lunch or light bite. It's also suitable for vegetarians. For this "comfort food" recipe James Martin recommends hearty sourdough toast, although this can be swapped for any kind. The recipe serves two people but quantities can be easily amended for more diners - or hungrier ones. Don't miss... Mum 'nearly passes out' on flight due to meal mix up - claims [LATEST] Hairstylist shares 'universally flattering' cut for women over 50 [EXPERT] Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  [PICTURES] Ingredients 15g butter 300g wild mushrooms, sliced ½ clove garlic, crushed ½ shallot, diced Splash of brandy and madeira 100ml double cream 100ml veal jus Small bunch of parsley, chopped Two slices sourdough bread Two large eggs, fresh One tsp white wine vinegar Salt and pepper READ MORE: Brits can win £1,000 by buying Cadbury chocolate - how to get involved  Method 1. Melt the butter for the mushrooms in a large frying pan over a medium heat. Once melted, fry the mushrooms with the garlic and shallot for two to three minutes. Season before adding brandy and madeira. Stir in the cream, stock and parsley. 2. Onto the poached eggs, bring a large pan of water to the boil and add the vinegar. Using a whisk make a swirl in the middle of the water. Put the egg in the centre of the swirl and cook for two to three minutes. 3. Prepare a bowl of iced water. Next, using a slotted spoon, scoop the egg into the iced water. Repeat with the second egg. 4. Toast the sourdough. 5. Plunge the eggs into boiling water for 30 seconds. 6. Lastly, pop the toast onto a plate, pile the mushrooms on top and finish with a poached egg. Saturday James Martin shared a post about the gorgeous recipe to Instagram, calling it a "brilliant brunch bite" and fans were impressed. Instagram user and foodie @christine.lomax commented: "Mmmm breakfast heaven." @suzy.hill.42 added that it was also her "idea of heaven!". @sammiij21 revealed that they enjoyed the recipe with a few amendments: "Spookily I had this for breakfast last Sunday after watching you cook mushrooms in Saturday's show, albeit without the Brandy, Madeira cream and veal jus - but with balsamic vinegar and lots of butter instead."