A sleeping man who woke to find thick smoke pouring into his lungs due to a faulty electric blanket is backing a charity’s call to ensure such heating devices are safe. Adrian Bevan was using his late mother’s electric blanket for the first time to warm his bed but had forgotten to manually switch the blanket off after he put it on his floor.  It did not have a timer or an automatic shut-off function like some of the modern products that are now on the market, and his smoke alarms were also not working. When he woke up he was choking and gasping for air. Mr Bevan, from Edenbridge, Kent, said: “The room was full of thick, black smoke, I couldn’t see and I could hardly breathe. “My eyes and throat were burning with toxic fumes, made even worse because I’m asthmatic – it really was very scary. “I crawled out and shut the door behind me – remembering that’s what the fire service says to do to contain smoke or fire.” The 61-year-old got himself outside to safety and called 999 for the fire service.  He added: “Firefighters found the electric blanket smouldering, releasing toxic smoke, and burning through the bedroom rug and nearly into the floor. “They fitted me new smoke alarms there and then too, because mine hadn’t worked at all. “This was all a simple mistake, I forgot to turn the electric blanket off, and I am very lucky to have woken up when I did – I urge everyone to test their smoke alarms because they could save your life. "Kent Fire & Rescue Service were nothing short of fantastic when they arrived, attending to me, and found my smoke alarms weren’t working. They told me they if I had been in there for another half an hour, I would not have survived. "It’s vital people perform the necessary checks to ensure their electric blankets are safe, their smoke alarms are functioning and not to fall asleep when it’s on – it’s not worth risking your life." READ MORE: Sir John Redwood warns House of Lords not to block migrant bill   Mr Bevan added: "Modern electric blankets have better safety functions than older ones, but I will never use one again. There are safer options like hot water bottles – just make sure it’s not overfilled, properly closed, and in a cover.” He is supporting a campaign by the consumer safety charity Electrical Safety First, which is urging Brits to ensure they stay safe while staying warm. The charity is urging people to be careful when buying and using electric heaters and electric blankets, as the Met Office’s outlook for the week ahead sees freezing conditions across the UK. Research from the charity has shown that millions more UK households are either definitely using or considering using an electrical heater to heat a single room in their home, due to concerns over the cost of central heating. Over a third of those who plan to use an electric heater have not done so before, raising concerns about proper usage and safety.   Don't miss... Footage shows Capitol guards acting as 'tour guides' for QAnon Shaman [WATCH] Joe Biden slaps down UK tech talks in latest threat to relationship [ANALYSIS] SAS scour world for hunt for prized Ukraine Howitzer shells [REPORT] Electrical Safety First’s chief executive Lesley Rudd said: “With a harsh cold snap and concerns around the cost of living, we’re anticipating people will turn to smaller heating devices to keep warm - yet staying warm should never put your life at risk. “Incidents such as Adrian’s show how terrifying electric blanket fires can be, made even more frightening when it happens whilst we sleep, so it’s essential to check your device and to switch it off at night. “Callous sellers are also taking advantage of the cost-of-living crisis and jeopardising people’s safety by trying to make some quick cash through dodgy heaters. “We urge everyone to stick to reputable high street stores or go directly to their online websites to ensure the product they're purchasing is safe. If goods for sale online look to good too be true, they likely are.” 