Novak Djokovic was left questioning the umpire after a foot fault call wasn't given to Daniil Medvedev as it came too early. The world No 7 was leading the Serb by a set and a break when he was called for a foot fault, but had his first serve reinstated when the umpire said the rule outlined that the call had to come after he hit the serve, prompting Djokovic to approach his chair for a discussion. Medvedev was leading Djokovic 3-2 in the second set and hurtling towards the final when he was called for a foot fault during his service motion. The call was quickly overruled by the umpire, who stated that the call came too early, but Djokovic was quick to challenge the logic. "He hits the ball and then you call foot fault," Manuel Messina told the linesperson, calling a first serve. The top seed questioned the umpire's decision but Messina continued: "No Novak, this is the rule. The foot fault is called only after you hit the ball, not before." Djokovic approached the official's chair as he explained that the 27-year-old's foot had been beyond the line during his entire service motion, but the umpire continued to reiterate that the rule stated the call had to come after the serve had been hit. JUST IN: Rafa Nadal may already have hushed return plan set despite 'breakdown'  "He goes over this half and he serves, then it's a foot fault," Djokovic continued - something the official agreed with. "I totally agree," Messina said, explaining that the call had to come after Medvedev had hit his serve even if the Russian had infact crossed the line. The third seed then approached the net to join the discussion, as both men could be seen gesturing to one another as they explained what happened from their own perspectives. "Yeah, the call came too early," commentator Mikey Perera explained. "I'm with Djokovic here Mikey, I have to say," co-commentator Colin Fleming chimed in. DON'T MISSRaducanu could be set for homecoming as Britain gets BJK Cup home tieAlcaraz offers fresh Indian Wells hope as tournament faces Nadal blowNadal injury takes toll as Spaniard's 18-year streak worryingly ends  "A foot fault is if the foot crosses the line during the service motion, not when they hit the ball. So if he starts his motion with the foot over the line, I think that's a foot fault," he explained. "So therefore for me, I don't think it really matters when it's called." But both players then continued the game as normal, with Medvedev holding serve and eventually going on to win the match 6-4 6-4, handing Djokovic his first defeat since the Paris Masters final four months ago.