House prices in the UK reached dizzying new heights during the pandemic with record year-on-year and monthly increases. However, recent economic tailwinds, political uncertainty and a cost-of-living crisis have seen prices cool off considerably at the start of this year. As a result, many homeowners are now looking for ways to boost the value of their homes so they can achieve the best asking price. While renovations can add value, not every modernisation or extension will boost the price of your home. When you balance the value added against the cost of completing the work, some renovations will add less than 1.5 percent to the value of your property. Research from estate and lettings agent Barrows and Forrester has looked at 15 common value-adding renovation projects that homeowners often undertake and how much value each one adds to the average house price once all the renovation costs have been considered. Barrows and Forrester revealed that garage conversions and garden offices are wise investments when trying to add value to a property, even during a cooling housing market. READ MORE: 3 features that ‘significantly’ devalue your house - ‘puts buyers off’ However, the research revealed that homeowners should think twice before embarking on landscaping or roof replacements. The research showed that a property extension adds the most value, increasing the market price of the average home by 15 percent - or £44,149 based on the current UK average house price of £294,329. However, the average cost of adding an extension is estimated to be around £40,000, according to the research. Once deducted from the £44,149 it’s thought to add to the value of your home, it leaves just £4,149 in real-world added value. When the added value is balanced against expenses, some home renovations projects make more sense than others. DON'T MISSGardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]Five ‘must-do’ gardening jobs to do before the end of February [UPDATE]Mark Lane shares the best plug plants to fill your borders [ANALYSIS] According to the research, a garage conversion adds the most value to a property. The average garage conversion will cost you £13,750 to construct but will also add 10 percent to your home’s value in the process. This equates to £29,433 in the current market, which, after accounting for costs, leaves an actual added value of £15,683. A garden office is also a good option for homeowners looking to boost the value of their property. At a cost of £9,500, it will add 7.5 percent (£22,075) to the value of your home, leaving an actual added value of £12,575. Meanwhile, landscaping, replacing a roof, or replacing the boiler add the least amount of value to a property. Landscaping costs around £3,750 but only adds 1.4 percent (£4,121) to the value of a home, leaving you with an actual added value of just £371. READ MORE: We’ve been spared a house price crash so far. That's about to change Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Meanwhile, a roof replacement results in an actual added value of £1,124, while a new boiler results in a net boost of £1,592. However, sellers should still address these final projects if necessary because such issues can be big turn-offs for prospective buyers. Managing Director of Barrows and Forrester, James Forrester, said home renovations aren’t always about adding value to a property. Some renovations are about making your home more enjoyable to live in which means there’s “no right or wrong project to get stuck into”. He continued: “But, if you are specifically looking to maximise your potential payday from an imminent sale, it’s really important to do plenty of research before committing and a good place to start is by looking at similar homes in your local area. “First, what is their current market value? Just because national average house prices are cooling, it doesn’t mean your specific market is cooling. “Once you’ve got a rough idea of how much your home is worth, it’s time to think how much more you would like to be able to secure for it by carrying your renovation works. “You can then look for local properties that already boast the feature you’re considering adding, such as a conservatory or garden office. What is the value of that home compared to yours? “From here, you need to shop around contractors and service providers to find the most reasonable price and with all of this information in hand, make your decision. “The worst thing you can do is embark on a major project on a whim without thorough research or planning and chances are, it will leave you out of pocket. “Of course, some areas of the home, such as the roof or boiler, may cost more to remedy than the value they add, but as they are integral aspects of a home, you may struggle to sell if they aren’t up to the job.”