Arsenal have been urged to join the race to sign Mason Mount in the summer, as his future at Chelsea remains uncertain amid a contract dispute. The England star is reportedly aiming to be paid in line with several of Todd Boehly’s new big-money recruits at Stamford Bridge and wants to become one of the highest-paid players at the club, as his current deal has less than 18 months to run before it expires. Mount has reportedly turned down offers to extend his deal over a salary dispute with talks now halting and set to resume at the end of the season. If the two parties cannot agree on a contract extension in the summer, it is likely that the Blues hierarchy will be open to selling Mount. Liverpool are the team with the strongest links to the 24-year-old for a summer transfer, as Jurgen Klopp’s outfit are staring at a rebuild and Mount’s energy and work rate would appeal to the German boss who is in need of several midfield additions. While Newcastle and Manchester United have also been mentioned as potential landing spots for Mount, former Arsenal midfielder Emmanuel Frimpong believes that the Gunners should join the race as long as the fee is not too high. Read more Ivan Toney cracks Arsenal joke in brilliant Brentford interview [LATEST] “Mason Mount is a very good player, not world-class, but a good enough player to play for Arsenal,” Frimpong told BoyleSports. “He would bolster Arsenal's squad, if I was in charge of Arsenal, he is the player I would like to bring in. Mount is very young, never injured, very professional and an England international. “He has not been in great form but neither have Chelsea all season. You don't win Chelsea player of the year two times in a row if you're not a good player. If the money is too much, then Arsenal would have to walk away, we're not Manchester City, we can't spend that much money on one player.” Don't miss... Arsenal chief Edu almost signed £21m Fulham winger Manor Solomon [LATEST] Laura Woods destroys Tottenham fan over 'miserable season' [LATEST] Arsenal 'to be investigated by FA' over celebrations vs Bournemouth [LATEST] Last month under-fire Chelsea boss Graham Potter admitted that he hoped Mount’s contract issue would be “resolved quickly” but that does not seem likely as talks have been paused and the Blues’ rivals are beginning to circle. "I think it is always complicated. There is always negotiation. It is best that I leave it between Mason and the club,” Potter said. "That's the best way for that to be dealt with. As far as I'm concerned, he's been fantastic to work with, an important player for us. Of course, I hope it gets resolved quickly."