Aries You’re learning how to deal with a challenging situation better as time goes on. If you really want to, you can avoid a build-up of tension in family relationships by discussing plans first. You’re inclined to give a social event a miss but once you get out and about you will have fun. Taurus Money you had been keeping aside for a holiday or celebration will need to be used for something else. An unexpected bill will mean having to juggle finances which will be annoying when you have been trying to take an organised approach to money. Gemini As the cost of living crisis deepens there is increasing pressure on household funds. You might get together with other members of the family to discuss how they are covering rising costs. You have to be careful both at home and in the workplace in order to keep on top of finances.  Cancer You don’t mind stepping in and helping others who need it. Your help will save them a lot of time and money. Even if people say they can manage on their own, you know they can’t and they will be secretly relieved to receive your practical assistance. Leo Curb the urge to bid too high for an item on an auction site. Restrain yourself if you spot a bargain at a car boot sale. Is this an item you really need or is it the excitement of getting it at such a low price that spurs you on when you know it will never get used once you buy it. Virgo You will be having a lot of fun mixing with people you hardly know. Strangely you just want to spend your time with those who are almost strangers. That way you feel no pressure to please and are more able to relax for a change. A long-term partner is going to find this hard to understand.    Libra People are getting together to support a local school, charity or religious institution. Money is tight but there is no shortage of ideas and resilience. You’re happy to play your part even if it feels like you are trying to solve one financial problem after another and it never seems to end. Scorpio You could do without the company of someone who insists on larking about whenever the opportunity arises. A report is launched in the workplace and this will be looking at ways of fixing recent issues by making use of existing resources. Sagittarius A joint effort will bring the most satisfaction. Somehow you won’t get as much joy out of a project unless you share it with others. Your imaginative ideas will bring respect and encouragement from someone you have been trying to impress. You’re hoping to emulate a past achievement.   Capricorn After a quiet spell the social scene is starting to come back to life. It will be your choice but there are more opportunities to relax and unwind. You won’t believe rumours that are being spread around the workplace unless you hear it straight from the horse’s mouth. Aquarius You’re fed up with the rising cost of living and worrying about how you are going to pay your bills. You can’t shy away from the fact that more changes will need to be made if you are going to get out of this mess. Pisces If you’re struggling financially, it is time to be honest and admit to this. Mounting bills will cause problems between you and a partner. Words are taken the wrong way and this will lead to strained feelings. If in doubt, keep your thoughts to yourself.     