Baroness Karren Brady, 53, has questioned why King Charles’ decision to evict Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from Frogmore Cottage has been branded “cruel”. The Apprentice star’s comments come after a spokesperson for the couple confirmed the news, with reports also claiming that the property has since been offered to the Duke of York.   Karren wrote about King Charles’ decision and why she did not think it warranted such upset from the pair in her latest column. Under the title “King's not so cruel”, Karren argued that the Los Angeles-based couple were overreacting to the news. The businesswoman insisted it was “easy to see why” the King had decided to evict Prince Harry and his wife from Frogmore Cottage, given the contents of his explosive new Memoir, Spare. She went on to argue that the couple had “hardly been complimentary about this country or the Royal Family they have felt the need to get away from” since giving up their royal duties. READ MORE: Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable “They certainly don’t give the impression they want to spend any time in the five-bedroom cottage in the country they seemingly despise,” Karren wrote. “The fact is that since leaving to begin their new life, Harry and Meghan have barely paused for breath when it comes to bad-mouthing Britain. “Who can blame the King for putting their uninhabited cottage to another use?” she asked in her column for The Sun. “What is harder to understand is the notion that being asked to vacate the cottage is ‘cruel’, as was claimed by the couple last week. “Are they really upset they are being “evicted” from Frogmore – after all that has happened? They are unreal, aren’t they?” she penned incredulously. Two days ago, former BBC royal correspondent Peter Hunt sparked online debate by taking aim at the King’s decision. He wrote on Twitter at the time: "Much of the UK media will portray this eviction as a righteous act by a strong king. "It's anything but. Instead of building bridges the head of state is torching them,” he added. READ MORE... Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint [NEWS]Piers Morgan claims Charles has 'drawn a line' after kicking out Harry [NEWS]Rod Stewart offers to pay US treatment for fan unable to walk [INSIGHT] “The banishment of his son is cruel, unnecessary and diminishes Charles." These days, Prince Harry and Meghan live in California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet. The pair quit life as working royals in 2020 and left the UK shortly afterwards, going on to make claims about tensions within the royal family in a series of interviews and in their own Netflix documentary. Frogmore Cottage is a Grade-II listed property in the grounds of Windsor Castle in Berkshire and was a gift to Prince Harry and his wife from the late Queen herself.  It became the pair’s home for some time, with them refurbishing the property at an estimated cost of £2.4m in 2018-19, which has since been repaid in full by the duke. Despite the couple’s supposed attachment to the place, it has been reported Buckingham Palace told them to vacate it back in January - just days after the prince published his eye-opening memoir. In the book, Prince Harry claims his brother Prince William physically attacked him and also makes negative remarks about his stepmother Camilla, Queen Consort. Buckingham Palace has not yet provided a comment on the news that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been evicted from Frogmore Cottage.