Thinning hair is a common problem that affects women as they age, and it can usually be categorised as a minor to moderate case of hair loss. Unlike hair loss which is a well-known medical condition, hair thinning doesn’t necessarily trigger baldness, but it is still an issue millions of women are conscious about. Anyone concerned about their hair thinning should consider the colour of their hair, as a hairdresser has said some colours are the least complementary for anyone with thin hair. Hair thinning tends to happen gradually, and it can be caused by a combination of things; excessive use of colour treatments, harsh products, wearing hair tightly, and hormone imbalance usually caused by menopause. There are several ways to improve hair thinness, from regularly massaging your scalp, to improving your diet and avoiding excessive styling. Krysta Rojas, owner and stylist at Base Salon Chicago revealed the three colours that are “the worst for thinning hair”, as well as sharing a few shades that she recommends instead. The first colour Krysta suggests avoiding is black or inky, overly dark colours because it is “dramatically darker” than your natural colour. READ MORE: Hairdresser shares most ‘elegant and youthful’ cut for ‘any age’ The expert said it will “not only wash out your complexion”, but makes “thinning hair look more sparse”. While black, inky or overly dark colours can be “glossy and shiny” they are “very unforgiving on thin hair and make it much easier to see your scalp”, Krysta said. Colours that are too close to your complexion should also be avoided, as they offer no contrast between skin tone and hair colour. The hairdresser said: “This will not only leave your looking washed out, but it also gives no depth to your hair, making it look flat.” Don't miss... Heinz baked beans beaten by 45p supermarket version [NEWS] Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [COMMENT] Man who was ‘addicted to takeaways’ sheds 6st with ‘no fad diet’  [EXCLUSIVE] All-over colours should also be avoided because “when your hair is thin” an all-over colour doesn’t add “dimension”, instead it will leave your hair “looking dull and flat”. Krysta recommends adding “multi-tonal highlights” instead - blonde or caramel are the best options, especially for women who are going grey. Balayage, babylights, or shadow roots can “trick the eye to create fuller looking hair” and can be done with any shade, but ideally choose colours close to your natural hair colour so it’s lower maintenance and grows out seamlessly. If you choose a colour that isn’t close to your natural root colour, when it grows out it can be too contrasting, which Krysta told She Finds is “unflattering on thin hair”. READ MORE: Best anti-ageing face exercises to get ‘taut and youthful skin’ In terms of what haircut to choose to give the illusion of fuller, thicker hair, there are several to choose from. Volume can change dramatically with just a few snips, and if you have long hair, the blunt cut is a great choice. If you prefer a shorter style, ask your stylist for a box bob as it provides maximum weight and thickness, but is easy to style out of the salon chair. A lob or graduated haircut is brilliant for anyone wanting layers, and it focuses on keeping more of the weight at the back and nape of the head. Side bangs are also a good option for anyone looking to distract thin roots but avoid over styling as they can look flat. After choosing the most complimentary cut and colour for your thin hair, apply a hair treatment or two to strengthen and nourish it. Argan oil is rich in antioxidants, minerals, and vitamins and it nourishes and strengthens the hair naturally. It’s also great for repairing damaged hair. Keratin is the “most common protein in hair strands”, and can help reduce breakage and thinning. Aloe vera is another natural ingredient that keeps the hair moisturised, as well as soothing the scalp. Collagen is the primary building block of hair, and there are plenty of supplements that can boost your collagen production.