Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's request to trademark the word 'Archetypes' has been declined. Since launching Archetypes, the "podcast where we explore and subvert the labels that try to hold women back" back in August 2022, Meghan had applied to the United States Patent and Trademark Office for the trademark. Archewell Audio filed the application to trademark the word in March 2022, which would bar anyone else from being able to use it for services connected to podcasts, audio and visual web series, on-demand streaming media and live stage performances. Meghan's production company, which falls under the Archewell Foundation banner, has until April to respond. Meghan announced her Archetypes podcast, which aimed to "dissect, explore, and subvert the labels that try to hold women back", in the spring of 2022, dropping weekly instalments beginning that August. READ MORE: Prince Harry trying to rebrand Meghan Markle as 'modern day Mother Theresa' The likes of Serena Williams and Mariah Carey sat down with the Duchess of Sussex to discuss navigating modern life as a woman during the first season of the podcast. The launch came nearly two years after Archewell Audio's partnership with Spotify was first announced. "In this groundbreaking new podcast, ARCHETYPES, Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex, investigates the labels that try to hold women back," the description of the podcast reads on Spotify. "Meghan will speak with historians and experts to uncover the origin of these stereotypes and have uncensored conversations with women who know all too well how these typecasts shape our narratives."  Don't miss... Harry and Meghan dismiss Frogmore eviction as simply 'unfortunate' [REPORT] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity hits new record low  [LATEST] Piers Morgan takes swipe at Meghan Markle as he thanks her for award [OPINION] Why archetypes? "Archetypes" has become an essential part of the Sussexes' branding for a number of reasons. As a product it links directly to the couple's Archewell organisation founded in 2020. In a statement announcing Archewell's formation, the couple explained that the name had long been something they considered and, in part, it inspired the name of their son, Archie Mountbatten Windsor. "Before SussexRoyal [the couple's previous non-profit organization], came the idea of 'Arche' — the Greek word meaning 'source of action.'" they said. "We connected to this concept for the charitable organisation we hoped to build one day, and it became the inspiration for our son's name. "To do something of meaning, to do something that matters. Archewell is a name that combines an ancient word for strength and action, and another that evokes the deep resources we each must draw upon." The first podcast series, which ended in November, won a People's Choice Award later that year. Meghan and Prince Harry signed a multi-year deal with Netflix in late 2020 and have since released, alongside 12 episodes of Archetypes, a holiday special two years ago which featured an array of celebrities sharing personal anecdotes and inspiring stories. Both Spotify and the Sussexes have remained tight-lipped on the size of this deal but reports claimed it could be up the tune of $30million. The first episodes of Meghan's podcast appeared to be an immediate hit, shooting up to the top of Spotify charts in the UK and the US among other nations. The Duchess of Sussex has been tipped to carry on with her conversations on typecasts and labels often used to hold women back for a second season.