 Yesterday, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle subtly announced their decision to take on the royal titles of prince and princess for their children: Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. The decision has sparked an outcry over social media, with Piers Morgan joining the fray this afternoon.   The TalkTV presenter, and famously outspoken critic of the couple, blasted them once more on Twitter over this decision. Piers wrote: “Imagine spending years trashing the royals as a bunch of cruel privileged racists trapped in a terrible prison of an institution - and then demanding to call your daughter ‘Princess’? “Even by Meghan and Harry standards, just laughable hypocrisy.” Prince Harry and Meghan’s decision has ignited a widespread debate, with some agreeing with Piers while others claim they are simply utilising a birthright. READ MORE: Gary Lineker blasts critics after 'cruel' Nazi Germany migrant remark sparks uproar  Piers’ ex-costar, weatherman Alex Beresford, also weighed in on the controversy adding: “It appears there’s Royal invitations flying back and forth? “I sincerely hope there’s some reconciling going on in private, behind closed doors! “As for the rest of us, we don’t always have to understand. Meddling in another’s family comes with risk. One day they might unite.” In less than two hours, Piers' tweet received thousands of likes with hundreds in the comments section debating this latest royal development.  Sufyq argued with Piers saying: “Didn’t demand. Birth right no?” while LadyBC replied: “Appears they want the titles and perks but didn’t want to do the job and work for them.” Wadey9971 blasted the journalist with a similar tone writing: “Imagine spending all your time trashing a couple, bullying and causing hate towards them through any means possible just to boost your viewers… grow up and leave them alone you bully.” However, user Sue_Wue and a few others brought up an entirely different concern adding: “If they carry on like this their children will grow up a laughing stock.” Earlier today the royal couple issued a new statement defending their decision to adopt the royal titles for Archie and Lilibet. Don't miss... Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’  [LATEST] Bruce Willis' wife slams 'dumb' claim Demi Moore 'moved in with ex' [LATEST] The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [LATEST]  They said: "The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace.” On Wednesday, Prince Harry and Meghan released a surprise statement confirming their daughter had been christened in California last week. However, almost within the fine print of the statement, the couple noted that they would be adopting the royal titles, making their daughter Princess Lilibet Diana and their son Prince Archie Harrison. The royal website has since also been updated with this new development, having previously listed the children as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor.  It now names the siblings as Prince Archie of Sussex and Princess Lilibet of Sussex. Harry and Meghan will reportedly only use their children’s titles in formal situations rather than everyday life and conversation. The two young children automatically became prince and princess when their grandfather ascended to the throne according to the 1917 Letters Patent issued by George V. However, at the time of King Charles’ succession, neither the palace nor the Sussexes confirmed if they would adopt the titles.