Met Office yellow weather warnings for snow will now last until the end of this week. Forecasters with the agency imposed a selection of new alerts today, with Britons across the UK braced for two more days of potentially heavy snow.  Parts of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland could see up to 20cm worth of accumulations, causing additional chaos ahead of the weekend. According to the Met Office, the latest warnings cover 12 regions and more than 80 local authorities. Warnings previously covered parts of England and Scotland until Wednesday only, with patchy snowy showers confined to some English regions and Scotland. The next round of alerts commences from 3am on Thursday, March 9, when the Met Office states the "worst" of the conditions will develop. They continue for more than a day until March 10 at 6pm. READ MORE: New maps show snow sweeping across south of England in hours The forecast states: "Snow could develop quite widely across the warning area on Thursday and Friday as a potentially quite deep area of low pressure moves across the UK. "Parts of Northern Ireland, north Wales and northern England are currently expected to see the worst of the conditions on Thursday, with parts of Scotland and northern England then seeing the heaviest snow on Friday. "Event totals could bring 5 to 10cm of snow to many locations, even at low elevations, with potentially 15 to 20cm accumulating across the northern portion of the warning area. "Higher elevations of the North Pennines, Southern Uplands, higher parts of the Central Belt and the southern Highlands may see as much as 30 to 40cm of snow in places." "In addition, there is potential for strong winds, which may lead to blizzard conditions and drifting of lying snow." Heavy snow will affect the following areas: Forecasters have warned that the snow could have a chaotic impact on the affected areas. Most types of transport could see significant delays and cancellations, while some cars may end up trapped by the heavy snow accumulations. There is also a "small chance", the Met Office said, that the snow could cut off communities for "several days". Some services, such as gas and electricity, may also become disrupted.