Passengers have been left stranded for hours throughout the night after a fire broke out on board an Irish ferry on Friday evening. The ferry is currently off the coast of northern France as emergency services scramble to get passengers and crew off the ferry. According to reports, there are 183 passengers and crew waiting to exit the ship. Lifeboats were launched from Dover, Dungeness and Ramsgate after the fire broke out. There were 183 people on board the Isle of Innisfree when the fire started while it was travelling from Dover to Calais. Irish Ferries says the fire started in the engine room of the ferry. According to data from the Marine Traffic website, the ferry set off from Dover at 5.04pm and was expected to arrive in Calais at 7pm.  An Irish Ferries spokesperson said: "Irish Ferries can confirm that Friday evening March 3, the crew on board its ship the Isle of Innisfree successfully extinguished a small fire in the ship’s engine room while sailing from Dover to Calais. "At the time, the Coastguard was informed and despatched three RNLI lifeboats as a precautionary measure, but they were not required to assist and have since been stood down. "The ship was carrying 94 passengers and 89 crew, with all accounted for and safe and well. "The ship is expected to be shortly underway, with the assistance of a tug, to Calais port."  READ MORE: Sunak strikes 'best deal' as barrier to UK-US trade accord removed They added: "When the ship arrives in Calais, Irish Ferries will commence a full investigation into the incident in conjunction with the relevant authorities and will also assess what repairs will be necessary. "In the meantime, the Isle of Innisfree’s imminent sailings have been cancelled, and affected customers are being contacted with alternative travel arrangements. "Irish Ferries would like to sincerely apologise to all passengers affected by this evening’s incident, and the disruption to their onward journeys." DON'T MISS:Wife eats 244 scones in heart-breaking tribute to dead husband [INSIGHT]EU showed 'lack of understanding' of NI politics as talks stalled [COMMENT]Boris the statesman and Brexiteer just made his leadership pitch [PICTURES]  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @Daily_Express