The Chinese zodiac is represented by 12 different animals, all with different characteristics and personality traits. According to Chinese astrology, Goat is the unluckiest animal of all, but why? Those who fall under the Chinese zodiac sign of the Goat will be born in one of the following years: 1955, 1967, 1979, 1991, 2003, 2015 or 2027. "There is a popular Chinese folk saying that nine out of 10 Goats are inadequate, which implies most people born in a year of the Goat are destined for bad luck," reported China Highlights. Another perception about Goat is that they are "followers rather than leaders". According to China Highlights, although this is an "outdated superstition", it actually has a "real effect on Chinese society". This year, 2023, is known in Chinese astrology at the Year of the Rabbit. READ MORE: What kind of King will Prince George be according to astrology?  What can Goat expect to happen in these 12 months? Will they be plagued by misfortune or finally luck out? In 2023, Goat's fortune unfortunately looks "pretty turbulent" according to Chinese astrology. However there will be "up times" in the year which must be used to Goat's advantage. Goat might get a bit lucky this year when it comes to their career - but not so much wealth. According to Chinese astrology, Goat will be influenced by Tianyi nobles and Kuigang nobles so they will have "good career prospects". Don't miss... The 'unflattering' fringe women over 50 should avoid [EXPERT] James Martin's mushrooms on toast is 'breakfast heaven' - recipe [RECIPE] Mum 'nearly passes out' on flight due to meal mix up - claims [LATEST] Goats working in the office should impress their boss by taking on more responsibilities, particularly if these include going abroad. Those working in business can expect "a lot of good news and surprises" due to a generous benefactor or customers. Goat should make sure to cultivate this relationship. This year Goat will be lucky when it comes to work as they will be "helped by celestial nobles" making for a "smooth sailing" career. China Highlights stated: "As your business ability is outstanding this year, you will be appreciated by your boss or leadership, and get the opportunity for a promotion and salary increase. "At work, as long as you keep a low profile and avoid being brought down by villains, your income will increase." READ MORE: Chinese zodiac sign which makes a 'glamorous' romantic partner  However, Goat must be wary of making investments, as this could reap "relatively turbulent" results. "In addition, due to the influence of forecast disasters, Goat people, you are prone to the risk of bankruptcy (financial loss), so, once again, you need to be very careful when making plans for your money." In relationships, Goat is set to experience some "rather average" luck. Single Goat runs the risk of being "plagued by rotten romances", so it's important they go below the surface of good looks before choosing a partner. Married Goats will sadly have "many quarrels" with their partners in these 12 months, and risk being "impetuous" and venting too much. To achieve marital harmony - or at least avoid huge arguments - Goat should rein in their strong negative emotions towards their partner. Goat must also "keep a good distance" from the opposite sex, particularly at work, so as not to affect the relationship with their spouse. As for Goat's health this year, this is also looking quite "average", but luckily their work isn't causing them undue stress. Goat's work-life balance is also pretty good this year, and they can easily find time for rest. This sign should give more time to exercise, however, opting for light options such as yoga over more "strenuous" ones.