Queen Camilla, 75, will appear on the Antiques Roadshow tonight wearing a dress designed by David Cameron's wife, Samantha Cameron. The dress is currently on sale for just £145. The Cefinn "Georgie printed twill pleated skirt shirt dress with a belt" originally cost a whopping £290. The shirt dress is a midi length and features long sleeves. The material appears to be green with a floral print, which looks perfect on the Queen Consort. To accessorise, she wore some gold earrings in the shape of fish. READ MORE: Meghan was 'very humble' before she 'had to cull' friends  Although the origin of the earrings is unclear, experts from jewellers H&T Pawnbrokers told Express.co.uk: “These earrings seem to be of a hammered gold, stylised fish design, somewhat in the shape of the jeweller Lalaounis. "Being of just gold and not gem set would suggest they are for daywear.” H&T Pawnbrokers added: “If these earrings are by a designer such as Lalaounis and are made of 18-carat gold, we would expect them to retail around £15,000 to £20,000.” Greek goldsmith and jeweller Ilias Lalaounis started the jewellery company Lalaouins in the middle of the 20th century. The business specialises in gold necklaces, bracelets, and earrings, which jewellery specialists and journalists have previously referred to as works of art. In addition, Mr Withington of William May remarked on Camilla's distinctive earrings. He claimed: “These unusual, statement hammered yellow gold earrings, with the shape of a stylised fish, look very Indian in design.” He also calculated the cost of the diamonds, suggesting: “If these gold earrings have been made from 18-carat or even 24-carat gold, they would easily be worth several thousand pounds. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby  “But they could well be made from gold vermeil, which is a fraction of the price of solid gold – most likely a few hundred pounds – and would be lighter too, so more comfortable to wear as earrings.” He commented: “Camilla is very much showing her personal taste with these earrings, which I have to say do look fabulous on her.” For footwear, Queen Camilla wore a pair of brown suede wedge heels, which look very similar to Kate Middleton's Monsoon "Fleur" espadrilles. In addition, the Queen Consort wore a gold plate pendant with a ruby in the centre, which is also her birthstone for the month of July.  The five initials of her first marriage's grandchildren were also engraved on the necklace. These youngsters are known by the names Lola, Freddy, Eliza, Louis, and Gus. Queen Camilla wore her favourite Van Cleef and Arpels "Vintage Alhambra with five motifs 18k yellow gold and agate bracelet" as a further accessory. The Queen Consort is known to never be spotted without this beautiful bracelet, which sells for a staggering £4,250. The bracelet is praised for having "lobster claw fastening" and comes "clean with a soft, dry cloth". 