An NHS investigation has found that a baby girl who died from septic shock at two months was misdiagnosed with a milk allergy after doctors failed to conduct a critical test. Nailah Ally, from Crawley, West Sussex, was born with a hole in her heart and necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) - a condition that causes tissue in the intestine to become inflamed and start to die. Despite diagnosing the issues shortly after her birth in October 2019, doctors failed to test whether NEC had caused intestinal narrowing when she received treatment for suspected sepsis in December of that year. Baby Nailah was admitted to East Surrey Hospital on December 28, 2019, with a swollen stomach. But she was sent home over a week later on January 7, 2020, with recommendations to change her formula and a follow-up scheduled for January 10. Her severe bowel condition was left untreated, and she went into septic shock the following day. An X-ray revealed a perforated bowel before she died on January 13, 2020. A post-mortem concluded she died from multiple organ failure caused by narrowed intestines resulting from NEC. Nailah's parents, Laila Tobota, 26, and Emmanuel Ally asked lawyers to investigate her care while at the hospital. A following NHS investigation into Surrey and Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust found that a consultant believed the tot may have had a cow's milk intolerance. Three years after her daughter's death, Ms Tobota said she and her partner's "hurt and pain" is "as raw now as it was then". The HR manager said "brave" Nailah was the "most adorable and beautiful child who didn’t deserve the suffering she had to go through in her short life". She and Mr Ally felt staff at the hospital who treated her were "dismissive" of their daughter's condition and their needs. Ms Tobota said: "We felt that some staff were dismissive of our needs and that nobody on any ward rounds or staff handovers really asked us about our child. "It felt like Nailah’s feeding issues were often put down to milk intolerances rather than the focus being on her medical needs." Representing the family, medical negligence expert Emily Mansfield said their daughter's death "vividly highlights the dangers of sepsis" and the "potential consequences of poor communication between doctors as well as between doctors and families". A spokesperson for Surrey and Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust apologised for the family's experience and said they have devised an "action plan" to ensure lessons are learned from the tragic incident. They said: "We are very sorry for the experience Nailah’s family had at East Surrey Hospital and our deepest sympathies remain with them at this very difficult time. "We take any death extremely seriously and as a trust we have already investigated and put in place a thorough action plan to ensure we learn the lessons needed, and importantly, improve our care for future patients."