Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho's injury is reportedly worse than initially expected with the youngster now set to miss Argentina's fixtures during the international break. The winger suffered an ankle injury following a strong challenge from Southampton right-back Kyle Walker-Peters on Sunday and test results have not been positive.  Garnacho is enjoying his break-out season for United and has regularly made an impact from the bench for Erik ten Hag. The 18-year-old suffered the injury just minutes after coming on in the 0-0 draw with Southampton at the weekend and was pictured leaving Old Trafford on crutches after being subbed before the final whistle. He underwent tests on the issue in Manchester and the injury is worse than first feared according to TyC Sports. The teenager is now set for an extended spell on the sidelines and is expected to miss Argentina's fixtures against Panama and Curacao after receiving his first international call-up. Garnacho's brother Roberto had initially started the rumour mill after posting a picture of his relative on Twitter alongside the caption: "I know u will come back stronger." If the development is correct it could suggest that the 18-year-old will spend quite some time on the sidelines.  Read more... Football news LIVE: Man Utd make Casemiro decision, Liverpool eye star [LIVE] Ten Hag had initially suggested that he did not think Garnacho's injury was too bad, explaining that he had only taken the decision to substitute him as a precaution with his side already down to 10 men after Casemiro's sending off. “He was a little bit limping after the bad tackle,” he said after the match. “In the end they brought on another striker, a big and tall one [Paul Onuachu] and I don't want to go for risk, we were already downsized to 10 [men]. “I didn't want to go with players who were [just] 90 per cent. That's why I called him off but I think it is not too bad.”  Don't miss... Gary Neville gives brutal response over BBC statement on Gary Lineker  [REACTION] Pogba's petty Man Utd remarks backfire after ruthless Ten Hag decision [LATEST] Casemiro in danger of devastating third Man Utd ban after Saints red [NEWS] It remains to be seen how long Garnacho will spend on the sidelines but United fans will be desperate to see him back in a red jersey soon given his impressive contribution so far this season. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE  