A 27-year-old had the "shock of her life" after suddenly giving birth after believing she was struggling with constipation. Emily Graham, a new mum from Warrington, woke up in bed with period cramp-like stomach pains she thought could be constipation. But moments later, she felt an urge to "push". Her fiance Ash Green, 25, called for an ambulance, with paramedics arriving just in time to help deliver their baby Isabelle on their bed. Emily, who gave birth on January 13, said she had no clue she was pregnant. Hours earlier she was at work and drank at a workplace Christmas party. She even rode Florida's fastest roller coaster three times last September when she would have been six months pregnant, according to Manchester Evening News. Emily and Ash hopped on the Jurassic World VelociCoaster in Universal Studios, Orlando – a ride 155 feet tall which launches riders 70mph in less than two and a half seconds. READ MORE: Parking row erupts as sinister notes left on windscreens The couple were pictured in a cheesy rollercoaster photograph with their hands in the air. Adding to the surprise, Emily had been diagnosed with Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which affects ovary function. She had been told in the past it could be impossible for her to have children. Emily said: "She's definitely a miracle. I was told I may not be able to have children. We spoke about having them before and we were disappointed but thought if it happens great, but if not, we'll get on with it. But we're really happy now. "We went to Florida in September on the rollercoasters and everything when I would have been about six months pregnant if she was full term. We love rollercoasters and are obsessed with Disney. We went on the Velocicoaster about three times, which is a massive one. "I thought that I was constipated but I was actually going into labour. It felt like I needed to have a poo but obviously not, it was the contractions starting and they were coming like every ten minutes.  Don't miss... Protest as hotel closes to house asylum seekers in exclusive contract [IMMIGRATION] Urgent warning to millions of dog owners issued by RSPCA  [ANIMALS] Paedophile caught with 15,000 indecent images of children spared jail [CRIME] After the birth, Emily was shocked to learn her partner had felt the baby kick but "didn't want to mention it" as he thought she was "twitching" in her sleep. Isabelle was born still in her amniotic sac, known as an en caul birth. This is a rare process that happens in less than one in 80,000 births. Emily had no symptoms of the pregnancy. She had no noticeable bump and didn't feel any movement. She was having no periods but this is to be expected of someone with PCOS. She added: "I didn't know I was pregnant, which is rare, and she was delivered in the sac as well, which is really rare apparently." Even when she woke up at 7.30 am with severe pain just two hours before the birth, she still had no idea a baby was on its way out. Emily added: "I told my fiance that I didn't feel well and had bad stomach pains. I then went on the toilet thinking I could just be constipated or something. I sat there for a while and was just thinking 'oh no, this isn't period pains'. "So I went back to bed, thinking it would just pass, and woke up ten minutes later. I don't know how to explain the pain - it was like my insides being ripped apart. I was screaming in pain, it was that bad. "I went back to the toilet and my fiance came in to see if I was ok. He was googling what it could be and said 'eeerm, you could be pregnant'. About half an hour later I felt like I needed to push and thought oh God I think I am pregnant. "We rang the paramedics and they came just in time to deliver her, she was delivered at home on the bed. If they'd arrived even two minutes later then my fiance would have been doing it. "I had the shock of my life to be honest. Holding her for the first time was amazing, there was no other moment like it. It's a blur but at the same time I remember that part." Isabelle was born in Emily's bed at 9.50am and weighed 5lbs 9oz. The doctors told Emily the baby was full-term and that her lack of a baby bump was down to high blood pressure during the pregnancy.   Emily added: "I didn't really have any symptoms to be honest. I was throwing up at the start but it would pass in a few days and I just thought I'd eaten something dodgy. I didn't have a bump or feel any movements. I didn't have periods throughout my pregnancy but I can go months without one so just didn't even think to question it. "I had heartburn towards the end, but that was about it. I just put that down to eating. I wasn't on any contraception because we were kind of trying at the same time and thought if it happens, it happens. "I went up a few dress sizes, I think it was two, but I thought that I was just over indulging over Christmas and putting weight on. I work in retail and walk around all day, I was still working up until the night before. "I drink but I'm not a big drinker, I just had a few drinks here and there. I had the work Christmas party just before she was born, and probably had quite a few to drink there to be honest. "My fiance phoned our parents when we were in the ambulance. At first, they were like 'oh congratulations, when's it due?'. And we said no, she's here now. Now we've had Isabelle, I want another one. So fingers crossed we can have more children."  