ITVX, a new streaming service, is now the home for all ITV channels, and on-demand content for viewers to enjoy. In a bid to become a leader in the British streaming space, ITVX replaced ITV Hub, offering 6,000 more hours of content than its predecessor, while also airing air new and exclusive shows each week. But its not just new shows and movies, viewers can also enjoy a massive back catalogue of classic ITV shows, Hollywood blockbusters, dramas, documentaries, and news. It also allows you to watch live tv shows ITV1, ITV2, ITVBe, ITV3, ITV4 and CITV. Launched in December 2022, ITVX is available across multiple devices, including iOS, Android, smart TVs and set-top-boxes, in various formats, including a free and subscription version. Although the free version is pretty comprehensive it doesn't unlock all content and viewers are forced to watch adverts during their binges. Those who pay the £5.99 Premium monthly fee can get rid of those annoying sponsored messages and also watch content from the popular Britbox platform along with the extra boost from STUDIOCANAL. You can access ITVX’s impressive library by heading to itv.com, and checking out the web browser version. The broadcaster is currently upgrading the ITV Hub app to the new ITVX service across smart TVs, mobile apps and browsers. If you've purchased an ITVX Premium subscription, you may have to wait for certain platforms to upgrade to ITVX before you can watch all the Premium content, like BritBox. The full ITVX experience, including all Premium content, has already been launched on the following platforms: • Amazon Fire TV & Tablet• Android (5.0 and up)• Android TV (please note: some models aren't yet supported)• Apple TV (tvOS 12.2 or later)• BT TV Box Pro and Mini• Chromecast• Freesat (please note: some models aren't supported)• Freeview Play (please note: some models aren't supported)• Huawei Phones and Tablets• iOS (12.2 or later)• LG Smart TVs (2016 and above)• NOW Smart Sticks and Boxes (minimum firmware v11.0.2)• Roku Streaming Players (minimum firmware v11.0.2)• Samsung Smart TVs (2016 and above)• Sky Q, Sky Glass and Sky Stream puck• TalkTalk TV Hub• Virgin Media• Web Browsers• Xbox One/S/X and Xbox Series X/S ITV has warned that if you are using ITVX on your browser, you may receive an error message when trying to stream their channels if you have DRM / EME disabled on your web browser, which prevents users from watching protected content. Depending on whether you use Chrome, Firefox, Microsoft Edge, or a mobile browser, there are different ways to fix this issue, which you can find through this helpful guide here. How do I register for an ITVX account? While ITVX is a free service, you do have to register for an account in order to access its content. To do so, simply click on the “sign in” button at the top right corner, and then choose “Register now”. 