Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been asked by King Charles III to vacate Frogmore Cottage, on the Windsor Estate. The eviction notice was reportedly issued days after the publication of Harry’s memoir Spare in January. But is the King right to evict the Duke and Duchess from their UK residence? Vote in our poll.   Harry and Meghan’s spokesperson confirmed the request on Wednesday evening, saying: “We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” The couple were gifted the Grade-II listed property by Queen Elizabeth II in the months after their wedding five years ago. The property is owned by the Crown Estate but was refurbished by Harry and Meghan at a cost of £2.4million in 2018. The cost was initially footed by the taxpayer through the Sovereign Grant before being repaid in full by Harry. READ MORE: King Charles attempts to move on and put issues of Sussexes 'to bed' The couple stepped down as senior working royals in 2020 and shortly after relocated to the US. They now reside in California where they are raising their two children, three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet, but maintained Frogmore Cottage. The Sun has claimed Prince Andrew has been offered the property but is “resisting” the idea. An insider told the publication: “This eviction surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan’s time in the UK. Andrew is resisting the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage after he was offered it last week. But it shows Harry and Meghan are powerless to stop the eviction.” So what do YOU think? Is the King right to evict Harry and Meghan from Frogmore Cottage? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.  Harry and Meghan’s future visits to the UK could be “more complex” due to their eviction from Frogmore Cottage. Royal correspondent Jack Royston said: “If Harry and Meghan do lose Frogmore it will sever a final major tie between them and Britain, which would make return visits to the country far more complex. "Frogmore comes with de facto police security because it is on the private estate around Windsor Castle, meaning it is not only a haven from press intrusion and royal watchers but is also protected from terrorist attacks and assassination attempts. So losing Frogmore for Harry and Meghan would mean far more than losing a home." Royal historian Marlene Koenig has claimed that the Sussexes could still have safe accommodation when they travel to the UK by staying in other royal residences. She told Express.co.uk: “Harry apparently views Frogmore Cottage as ‘the only place left that's safe’ which for me is a strange comment. Why? There are plenty of rooms at Windsor Castle where they could stay if they choose to come to the UK.” Meanwhile, ITV’s Lorraine Kelly suggested the couple should “get a hotel” the next time they visit the UK. So what do YOU think? Where should Harry and Meghan stay on future UK visits? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.