Pensioners in receipt of Attendance Allowance could end up losing £370 a month if they fail to report life changes to the Government. The Department for Work and Pension (DWP) website states: “You could be taken to court or have to pay a penalty if you give wrong information or do not report a change in your circumstances.” Those of state pension age are entitled to various additional benefit payments from the DWP. Attendance Allowance is one of these benefits and it covers the extra costs that come from having a disability. Attendance Allowance claimants could see their payments change if they do not report a change in circumstances to the DWP. The circumstantial changes claimants must alert the DWP about include: the level of help they need or their condition changes - details must be provided, such as if the amount of times they need help each day has changed. READ MORE: Barclays warns customers of ‘common tactics’ scammers use to steal £4,000 worth of savings Any mistakes on the form must also be noted as claimants may have been paid too much and have to pay some of it back. This benefit payment helps those of state pension age with the financial pressures from having a long-term illness or health condition. As it stands, the most someone can claim from Attendance Allowance is £370 every month. According to the DWP, claimants need “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”. Don't miss... State pensioners urged to claim £3,500 retirement boost [INSIGHT] Britons warned of ‘household habit’ adding hundreds to energy bills [WARNING] Yorkshire Building Society launches new ISA savings accounts [LATEST] The amount someone can get depends on their specific condition and what it entails. Attendance Allowance is awarded at two different rates, one higher and the other lower, which are awarded depending on the DWP’s assessment. People on the state pension can claim to get £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. Britons need to have required help for at least six months to be eligible. READ MORE: Women over 50 risk losing out on over £50,000 in retirement Someone who is suffering from a severe health condition or illness would get £369.60 from Attendance Allowance. When to contact the DWPIf circumstances change, the amount individuals get from Attendance Allowance may go up or down. Britons must contact the Attendance Allowance helpline straight away if: Chloe Smith, minister for disabled people, health and work, has previously shared why people should claim disability payments if they are eligible. Ms Smith explained living with a long-term illness or disability can have a profound effect on daily life, both for those with a diagnosis and those who care for them. It’s vitally important people are receiving all the help they are entitled to. She added: “Millions of people already receive this support and I would urge anyone who thinks they may be eligible for extra financial help to check online.” To make a claim, individuals have to fill out the Attendance Allowance claim form. There are a couple of ways to get the form. People can call the Attendance Allowance helpline on 0800 731 0122 (textphone 0800 731 0317) or download a claim form from the GOV.UK website.