Arsenal's legendary former manager George Graham insists Mikel Arteta's side are favourites to win the Premier League title - whether they like it or not. The Gunners currently sit five points clear at the top of the table but have repeatedly played down talk of what they can achieve this season. Arsenal haven't won the Premier League since 2004. But fans are starting to dream of that drought ending in May. They can go eight points clear of second-placed Manchester City this weekend if they beat Crystal Palace, with their closest rivals in FA Cup action. Graham won the league title once as a player and twice as a manager with Arsenal. The 78-year-old has been hugely impressed by what the north Londoners have produced this term. He told Sky Sports: "The season in general I think they've been good. I think in possession they've been excellent. "They probably could improve a little bit without possession, when they're defending. But I think the season has been fantastic.  Read more... Lineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [STATEMENT] "Without your main centre-forward, I think some of the performances have been great. It just shows you the quality and the camaraderie in the dressing room." The latest victory was a 3-0 win at Fulham on Sunday, which had Graham purring. He added: "Especially the first half. First half I thought they were excellent, second half maybe not so much. "But you're not going to dominate for 90 minutes every game. So a good performance and what a result, fantastic." When it comes to the title, Graham says you cannot look past Arsenal as being favourites. And he reckons they will get over the line.  Don't miss... Man Utd make decision on Pellistri future as Greenwood latest emerges [GOSSIP] Leaked BBC email shows what staff were told about Gary Lineker return [LEAK] Casemiro appeal decision made and new Kane info in Man Utd update [NEWS] The Scot said: "Whether they like it or not, they're going to be favourites. They'd have to lose a few games and then expect the teams up there with you to win all their games. "So they've got a great chance this season and I hope they'll win it. Yeah I do [think they'll win it], why not? I just like the way they act when they're on the pitch. The camaraderie is very good there, you can sense it. When you see certain things happen on the pitch, very good." And what of the manager? "I think he's talented," Graham said. "He's probably worked with the best coach in the game at Manchester City for a few years. He's learned a lot about coaching and I think he's putting it to good use."  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE