A functional, well designed kitchen is crucial as it is an area where families spend lots of time cooking, eating or even working. It can also help to boost the value of a home, extremely important when it is time to sell the home. Sharing advice with Express.co.uk, Melissa Klink, Creative Director, Harvey Jones, has shared the common kitchen mistakes many people are making. According to the expert, there are four common mistakes which Britons should consider when renovating or designing the kitchen. This included taking other people’s opinions into account when designing the kitchen instead of thinking about what they need to fit their lifestyle. This could be anything from colours in the kitchen and organising cupboard space to choosing certain decor pieces. Interior design is all about personal choice, personal taste and personal decisions so it’s crucial to think about your needs when designing or renovating. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening ‘mistakes’ to avoid this spring Melissa said: “Another mistake is trying to copy an image of a kitchen you love instead of taking influence from the essence of the picture but applying it to the specifics of your own kitchen.” Replicating a kitchen from a photo isn’t always a bad idea, but again, homeowners should think about the specifics of the kitchen rather than just the aesthetic of it. When it comes to designing a kitchen, Britons should think about every single cupboard within the room, from the ones at the top which may not get a lot of use, to large pull out cupboards. According to the interior design pro, not thinking through the usability of the space and just putting in cabinets to fill space is a huge mistake. DON'T MISS:Laundry expert shares seven steps to stop clothing going bobbly [COMMENT]Six effective methods to ‘deter’ foxes from your garden [EXPLAINER]‘Common’ problems when painting walls - how to avoid a DIY disaster [INSIGHT] It can be stressful designing a kitchen, but it is crucial to think about what shelving and storage options there are available, picking the ones which work for your lifestyle. While the interior of a cupboard can be changed, this may be extra work and money so it is best to think about it before it is built. Melissa said the “worst” mistake made by homeowners is “ignoring” the importance of lighting, which is important in every single room within the home. She added: “Kitchens are the most functional room in the house and need to be lit accordingly with several layers of light in cabinetry, accent, task and overall ambience.” READ MORE: ‘Boost’ kitchen value with seven features that ‘decrease energy bills’ If your kitchen area is also the space where you eat food, it is important not to have bright, harsh lighting directly above the table. Over table lighting is best hung low to help create a cosy space, opting for a warm white to create a soft glow. When it comes to picking a kitchen colour, the interior design pro said this element is “extremely personal” so homeowners should ensure that whatever hues they pick, they resonate with themselves. Melissa noted: “Longevity and sophistication in colour are often found in the more muddied versions instead of brighter more saturated colours. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Kitchen cabinetry is already an impactful element in the space plan and colour application will impact the entire emotional response to the room.” With many Britons opting to renovate their homes instead of moving homes, some may be turning their space into open-plan to help the flow of the home. This could be a mistake, according to the expert, especially if the downstairs becomes one gigantic room. The interior design pro continued: “At a time when homes are getting smaller and space is becoming more valuable, a room allocated just for formal dining can seem an extravagance, while a well-designed kitchen-diner allows you to prepare, cook and eat in one room comfortably. “However, you do have to be canny when planning a multi-functional room to ensure all zones work well together and recognise that this kind of layout will reduce privacy, particularly if you’re opening up the whole of the downstairs. “Having nowhere to retire while the kids watch TV or play can become a problem. There are also the issues of noise from appliances that might disturb you or that clearly an evident pile of washing up nagging at you as you sit down for an evening of TV or a quiet read. “Fewer walls also mean less space to put furniture, which can lead to a room that’s crammed around the walls or jumbled in the centre.”