After Below Deck Adventure season one came to an end in January, many fans have been eagerly awaiting the renewal of the hit Bravo reality show. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, chief stew Faye Clarke opened up about her future on the show.   The charter season was led by the no-nonsense Captain Kerry Titheradge, who held high expectations for his crew. Bosun Lewis Lupton led the deckhands, while chief stew Faye Clark took the reigns over the stews. Despite tensions, fiery feuds, a firing and a few “boatmances”, the season ended on a high for Faye, as she lifted the lid on potentially returning for season two. “I would love to,” she admitted to Express.co.uk. “I’ve come this far I want to carry on going. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark   "And I think after doing the first one I think it can only get better.” As season two has yet to be confirmed, the future of Below Deck Adventure remains uncertain. While fans await a renewal, viewers could be in for a long wait before the show returns to screens. An insider told US Weekly that Captain Kerry will reportedly be stepping in for Captain Lee Rosbach on Below Deck’s upcoming 11th season. During season 10, Captain Lee was forced to step down from his role due to ongoing health issues and enlisted Below Deck Med’s Captain Sandy to take over. However, the crew welcomed Captain Lee back to the charter during episode 14, Big Deck Energy. Despite this, Faye revealed she would love to work with Captain Kerry again and praised his leadership skills. The chief stew shared: “I absolutely love Australians, if I could be from anywhere in the world, it would be Australia.” DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med’s Malia White admits she'd date another 'yachtie' [INSIGHT]Below Deck Med’s Courtney Veale explains career change [INSIGHT] Speaking on the Captain’s leadership, she highlighted: “Kerry was firm, he was professional. “He could tell you off and then laugh afterwards but you still took him seriously and that's what I like. “I supported him quite a lot through some difficult things, he supported me.” Faye added: “If I get to work with him again. I'll be really happy. I think we were a good captain and chief stew.”  Below Deck Adventure landed on screens in December and unlike the other shows in the franchise, this spin-off was instantly set apart. The show joined the acclaimed yachting franchise, which initially started off in 2013 with Below Deck. As a result of its success, the Bravo series has grown with the addition of Below Deck Mediterranean, Below Deck Sailing Yacht and Below Deck Down Under. However, in contrast to the other shows, Below Deck Adventure was set in the freezing climates of Norway. Below Deck Adventure is available to stream on Bravo in the USA and on Hayu in the UK. 