Queen Maxima of the Netherlands and her husband King Willem-Alexander are currently in Slovakia for a three-day state visit. On their first day in the country, the royal couple met President Zuzana Caputova at the presidential Palace in Bratislava. Queen Maxima looked very elegant in a royal blue midi dress from NATAN featuring side pockets and maxi buttons. The monarch wore a chic long coat in the same shade, also from the fashion brand NATAN, and a matching hat. She first donned the blue coat in 2002 when she was still a Princess. The trendy hat was from designer Philip Treacy, a royal favourite often worn by Kate, Princess of Wales. In fact, Kate has chosen Philip Treacy designs for the most important occasions, including the Platinum Jubilee last year or Trooping the Colour. READ MORE: 'My parents made a typo on my birth certificate' Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  According to a royal and style expert, Kate may start wearing hats more often and ditch other casual accessories, such as headbands, as she takes one step closer to her future role as Queen Consort. Stylist Miranda Holder opined that "the more flirtatious fancier accessories such as hatbands will be fully phased out for more imposing hats". Queen Maxima is a fan of statement hats, which according to the fashion expert are "more appropriate" for a Queen, but she also dons fun headbands on some occasions. However, Maxima is known for her relaxed approach to royal dress, bold fashion choices and statement jewellery. Don't miss... Kate may have 'delicious' breakfast food every day to lose weight  [DIET] Kate’s gesture to Prince William put her 'in the role of control'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Danish royals pose for portrait in 'midlife crisis' shoes, claim fans [STYLE] On this occasion, Maxima finished her look with a pair of blue pumps, a glittering clutch bag and black gloves. The accessory that left royal fans speechless this time was her stunning pieces of jewellery. She donned a diamond bracelet, her round sapphire and diamond brooch and her diamond and sapphire drop earrings. The then Princess Maxima first donned the sapphires in 2010 for a gala dinner at Fredensborg Palace to celebrate Queen Margrethe II of Denmark's 70th birthday. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Back then, she paired the jewels with an electric blue floral gown, the Dutch Sapphire Necklace Tiara and the round sapphire and diamond brooch, both from the family’s sapphire collection. Interestingly, the Dutch monarch also chose to wear the unique sapphire and diamond brooch during the Caribbean tour last month. Royal fans took to social media to praise her regal look with Instagram user @royal.monarchies saying: "I found her very classy... love her outfit." Another one, @angelesamorosjulia, commented: "Always splendid" and @erroljoice added: "How beautiful!" Royal jewellery account @dutchroyaljewels revealed that the round diamond brooch, which has a round sapphire in the centre now, "was previously set with a square emerald and a drop pearl pendant or the large cabochon emerald". Although the provenance of this brooch is still unknown, during the 1990s the brooch was reset with sapphire and the pearl pendant was removed. Queen Beatrix, who wore the brooch frequently during her reign, could have gifted the piece to Queen Maxima after her wedding. "So exquisite!" commented @jqmary, and @lizzie.bfd added: "So gorgeous!"