  Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen, 48, has described how her family has been “afflicted” with poor health this past week. It comes as the Yorkshire Shepherdess has been left agonising over the future of beloved horse Hazel, who is also injured.      The star took to Twitter today to post some sweet pictures of her children tending to their flock of sheep in view of her 208,700 followers. “Everyone has been afflicted with coughs, colds and the shivers this week,” she wrote. “Wrap up well and getting out and about around the farm is the cure-all,” she added optimistically. Later on, Amanda shared some photographs of her children looking after their horse Hazel, who is sadly suffering from some lameness in one of her legs. READ MORE: Gary Lineker opens up on ‘unusual’ relationship with ex-wife Danielle     “It’s been a stressful couple of weeks as Hazel too has been in bad fettle,” Amanda penned. “Enforced box rest due to severe lameness in her near side hind leg,” she added with a worried emoji. “Much time has been spent catastrophizing over potential causes and possible outcomes,” she finished with another holding-back-tears emoji. A follow-up tweet showed the family determinedly attempting to get Hazel on the mend.      “No foot, no horse,” Amanda wrote. “It’s been a joint effort tending to Hazel. “Hot tubbing with saltwater daily and mash feeds to keep her digestion working well when resting. “Fortunately she hasn’t been bored with these lal’uns pestering,” she added. (sic) Back in 2021, Amanda had introduced the newest member of the Owen family to her fans, many of whom quickly became besotted with Hazel.      At the time, she captioned the post: “Meet the latest member of the family…. Hazel the Clydesdale. “She’s a gentle giant with a super sweet temperament,” she added. Amanda’s posts come just days after the Channel 5 star admitted “anything that could go wrong absolutely did” after another tough day at the farm. Detailing her struggles on Wednesday, she shared four photos of the drama, which showed a horse and a sheep escaping from their enclosures at Ravenseat.     Explaining the problems, Amanda wrote: “What a day! Anything that could go wrong absolutely did. “Bogged vehicles, escaped animals that moved quickly in wrong direction or lame ones that didn’t. “Nothing catastrophic but nevertheless infuriating,” she added. The farmer, who split from her husband Clive last year after over two decades of marriage, is a mother to nine children, who all live with their parents on Ravenseat Farm.   