Bacon tastes so much better when it’s crispy, but cooking it so it doesn’t end up charred is a skill. Luckily, chef Roice Bethel, has shared his top tips for achieving crispy bacon every time, and it doesn’t involve frying it or using an oven. Roice, who is also known as @noflakeysalt on social media shared the video with his 155,000 followers. The clip was captioned: “Evenly Crispy Bacon Everytime!” And he explained his method and why it works. Roice began: “If you want evenly crispy bacon, you need to boil it. I know that sounds like it wouldn’t work, but it does.” Referencing streaky bacon, the chef revealed: “There are two parts to every strip of bacon; there’s the muscle which is the dark part and the fat which is the light part. READ MORE: Cook a whole Sunday roast without using an oven - three methods “The muscle cooks extremely quickly, the fat takes longer time to render out,” he added. Begin by placing the bacon strips “into a cold pan” and then “add just enough water to cover your bacon”. “The water prevents the temperature from getting too high which gives the fat time to render out,” Roice said. “So the meat and the fat finish cooking at the same exact time. “Once the water completely evaporates, the bacon will get nice and crispy, and the meat won’t get overcooked or burnt. The fat is perfectly rendered so it’s nice and crispy [too].” DON'T MISS...Four tried and tested methods to boost Boots Advantage Card [NEWS]Two easy methods to clean your patio without a pressure washer [EXCLUSIVE]‘I tried Michael Mosley’s diet plan for 4 weeks to lose weight' [REVIEW] He didn’t say how long it takes to cook the bacon this way, but hundreds of people left comments on how great the cooking tip was. One said: “This is a fact. Works every time and flavour is the same.” A second chimed: “I’ve tried it and it does work!” Someone else commented: “Done this and bacon stays good size and gets crispy takes a little longer but def worth it.” Many people suggested cooking bacon this way results in loss of flavour, some remarked on the texture. READ MORE: Chef shares ten foods that can be frozen to reduce food waste One said: “I tried this…like shoe leather. Terrible.” Another comment read: “Boil out all the flavour, got it.” Pure Wow tried Roice’s method and said “the results were surprisingly delicious”. They followed the instructions word for word, and the bacon took around 30 minutes to cook in total - which is a really long time. But the bacon was “evenly cooked and crispy throughout; the fatty parts were ever so slightly softer than the muscly parts, but not so much that they were chewy”. There are several other ways to cook crispy bacon, with many recommending an air fryer. Lay the bacon in a single layer on the base f the air fryer basket - make sure the layers don’t overlap. Some like to line the basket with foil or parchment paper to reduce mess. Set the air fryer to 200 degrees Celsius and cook streaky bacon rashers for six to 10 minutes, back bacon rashers take anywhere from four to eight minutes, and the longer you leave it the crispier it will be. Remove and enjoy!