A bride was left devastated when her mother-in-law turned up to her wedding in a bridal gown similar to the one she was wearing. Jasmine Hopper shared her story on TikTok as she said she was left feeling "embarassed" and "hurt" by her mother-in-law's actions. According to Jasmine, her husband's mother turned up to their wedding in "practically the same" white dress that she had worn for her big day. In a video, which has now had more than 12 million views, Jasmine can be seen smiling to the camera in her dress, next to her groom, as her mother-in-law poses on the end in a remarkably similar frock, reports NottinghamshireLive. Jasmine covers the woman's face with an emoji, adding the words: "MIL [mother-in-law] shows up to our wedding wearing a literal wedding gown." People in the comment section were shocked by the mother-in-law's actions. Samantha Howard replied: "Please tell me your husband said something… if not. RED FLAGGGGGG. Mommas boy." Danielle Melissa added: "Still I am mad at the bridal consultant who sold a MOTHER IN LAW a bridal gown! I would have said no unless you bring your DIL in here I’m not selling it." Lauren said: "As a photographer, I’d ask the bride if I could change the colour for her." Jasmine was urged to provide an account of what happened on the day. While explaining all that went down on the social media platform, Jasmine said her mother-in-law had accompanied her when she went looking for her wedding dress, opting for a "mermaid-laced sequin-style" gown. “I have lost hundreds of pounds and had weight loss surgery five years ago," she went on to tell viewers. "So when I tell you I wanted to look beautiful on my wedding day. I mean, I wanted to wear something I could feel sexy in.” Jasmine says at first she didn't give much of a reaction to the mother's dress as she was busy getting ready for her big day. “I was doing my own hair and make-up on our wedding day, I was sitting in front of a mirror for hours." READ MORE: Man accuses woman of catfishing him - but he was the catfish   She said. "No one could distract me. There’s not one single thing, even wearing a white dress day, that could have distracted me.” The bride says that during the day, she could remember people looking over and "gossiping" as the mum and son danced. Jasmine said her sister even asked her if she could "go spill some wine on her". "I was like 'I don’t want to cause any more problems right now, this is my day.' I had been looking forward to this for so fricking long and I wanted to feel good." Jasmine added: "Everyone thinks they know how they are going to react when they are put into a certain situation, everyone thinks they know. But it didn’t hit me until the next day what happened." It was when she was looking back through her wedding photos that she "started getting mad, and madder and then f****** furious."  In videos since, Jasmine revealed that she and her husband had little communication with her mother-in-law for nine months, until she reached out to them. "She was shocked to hear it was because of her dress choice, she had no idea that we were upset with her about the dress," Jasmine explained. DON'T MISS:'Fit and healthy' mum died after collapsing while teaching class [COMMENT]Bride 'furious' after mother-in-law wears bridal gown on wedding day [INSIGHT]Woman's dandruff gets so bad she 'can't leave the house' [PICTURES]  Two months later, the mother-in-law sent through a Christmas card to the newlyweds that had a picture of her in her dress on it. Jasmine added: "What are you apologising for if you were going to turn around and send out that Christmas card, like are you kidding me? This is what I was upset about." Jasmine says that since then, neither her nor her husband have spoken to the mum. She also urged people on TikTok to be kinder to her husband after her bridal disaster story went viral. 