Glastonbury Festival 2023 attendees had already been promised Elton John for the legendary festival, and now the final headliners have now been revealed. Arctic Monkeys have been confirmed to be joining the massive weekend on Friday night. Their inclusion follows the release of their seventh studio album, The Car. They are being joined by Guns N' Roses, who are taking the Saturday night slot. These new announcements finish off the weekend headliners list, gaining yet more questions about the festival's all-male headliner list. Lizzo will be hitting the stage just before Guns N' Roses, but Glastonbury co-organiser Emily Eavis seemed to suggest this was a technicality more than anything. She recently told The Guardian: "She could totally headline." She added that the Pyramid stage often "sees bigger crowds in the afternoon than at night". She added: "Many of the artists could. But the headline slot had already been promised to someone else." Eavis also confirmed Guns N' Roses were a second choice for Saturday's headliner when another artist "pulled out". Eavis explained a female headliner cancelled on them because she "changed her touring plans". While she wouldn't confirm who this might have been, Taylor Swift is the main suspect. The American singer was originally going to headline the festival before the pandemic cancelled it. Since then, she has made extensive tour plans after releasing a batch of albums. On Guns N' Roses' inclusion, however, Eavis said: "They’ll be brilliant and provide something totally different to the rest of the headliners." Glastonbury has received criticism over the years for booking all-white, all-male headliners and artists. The Guardian reports 53 percent of the 55 names revealed today are male. Eavis pointed out she is "entirely focused on balancing our bill". DON'T MISS...Paul McCartney admits he 'completely' overdoes St Valentine's DayOne Direction reunion looking 'better than ever' in 2023Rod Stewart humiliated after receiving gift from Elton John Eavis continued: "It’s not just about gender, it’s about every aspect of diversity ... We’re probably one of the only big shows that’s really focused on this." Ultimately, Eavis placed the blame on the music industry, calling for it to invest in more female artists going forward. "We’re trying our best so the pipeline needs to be developed," she said. "This starts way back with the record companies, radio. I can shout as loud as I like but we need to get everyone on board." Last year, Paul McCartney headlined the festival alongside Billie Eilish and Kendrick Lamar. Friday Headliner: Arctic Monkeys Saturday Headliner: Guns N’ Roses Sunday Headliner: Elton John Lizzo Aitch Alison Goldfrapp Alt-J Amadou & Mariam Becky Hill Blondie Candi Staton Carly Rae Jepsen Cat Burns Central Cee Christine And The Queens Chvrches Ezra Collective Fatboy Slim Fever Ray Flo Fred Again.. Hot Chip Joey Bada$$ Kelis Lana Del Rey Leftfield Lewis Capaldi Lil Nas X Loyle Carner Maggie Rogers Mahalia Måneskin Manic Street Preachers Nova Twins Phoenix Raye Rina Sawayama Royal Blood Rudimental Shygirl Slowthai Sparks Stefflon Don Sudan Archives Texas The Chicks The War On Drugs Thundercat Tinariwen Warpaint Weyes Blood Wizkid Young Fathers Yusuf / Cat Stevens