Queen Elizabeth II was known for her passion for horse racing, however, a new survey has discovered that support for the sport among young people has plummeted. The news comes ahead of the famous Cheltenham Festival, which takes place this year from March 14-17. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  A survey carried out by MyBettingSites on 1,539 sports fans found that 36 percent of 18-24-year-olds are less likely to keep up with horse racing following the death of the Queen. Older people were more likely to stick with horse racing, with only 11 percent saying they would engage with the sport less now the Queen has passed away. Amongst 25-34-year-olds 31 percent said they would follow horse racing less. The number of people not following racing because of the Queen’s passing also reduces with age, with only 22 percent of 35-44-year-olds less likely to engage in racing and 15 percent of those aged 45-54.   Overall 22 percent of horse racing fans will be less likely to follow the sport, increasing to one in four (24 percent) of those in the UK and falling slightly to 19 percent amongst Irish fans. Her Majesty was a huge fan of the sport as well as a horse owner and breeder, winning millions of pounds as a result. She was a regular spectator at the biggest racing events every year, such as Royal Ascot and Cheltenham Festival.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle's one-word reply when asked about first meeting Kate  A MyBettingSites spokesperson said: "Horse racing lost its biggest supporter last year and with Queen Elizabeth’s passing there is a clear number of younger sports fans that will no longer follow racing as a result of her death. "Over a third of 18-24-year-olds, the next generation of racing’s fans, are less likely to follow the sport and that decreases to just one in 10 for those aged 55 and over – showing that Gen Z saw Queen Elizabeth as an inspiration to follow racing." Since the death of the Queen, King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla have started slimming down the royal stables, earning over £1million from the process. At the time of her death the Queen had 37 horses, with 14 being sold in the month after her passing.  Don't miss... Sarah Ferguson defends Harry and Meghan's 'beautiful' life [LATEST] Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [FASHION] Prince Harry 'won't come to Coronation' to 'punish' Royal Family [INSIGHT] Her Majesty is believed to have made around £10million in prize money over the course of her life. A royal source confirmed that despite Charles reducing the number of horses he has, the sport would remain in the family. They said: "The connection between the family and the horse racing industry will continue. "The desire is to continue with the traditions and connections with Royal Ascot but not on the same scale as Her Majesty because she had a passion." 