The mum of a woman who went missing with four friends before three were found dead has said police thought her daughter was hungover and told her to stop calling. Sophie Russon, 20, Eve Smith, 21, and Darcy Ross, 21, were travelling in a white Volkswagen Tiguan with Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Shane Loughlin, 32. On Monday, a police spokesperson said the VW Tiguan had been recovered just after midnight in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. Police believe the car was involved in a road traffic collision and came off the A48(M). They have not confirmed the identities of those who died. Sophie's mum, Anna Certowicz, was yesterday driving around Gwent and Cardiff in a desperate bid to find her daughter. Ms Certowicz, 42, claimed the police did not take the disappearances seriously enough at first. She told the Daily Mail: "They didn't seem to care. I had to drive to Cardiff to knock on doors myself because they were doing sod all. They just didn't seem to think it was worth investigating. It was so frustrating. "I think they assumed that Sophie was hungover somewhere, but she's a sensible girl who works in a bank and hasn't taken a day off for three years. "She wouldn't just vanish like this unless something was wrong." READ ABOUT A CALL FOR A CARE HOME COSTS CAP Ms Certowicz also claimed the police told her to "stop ringing" for updates after she called to report Sophie missing. She said Sophie has been friends with Eve and Darcy since they were children. Gwent Police has been approached for comment. A spokeswoman for the force confirmed earlier today that three of those reported missing were found dead with two taken to hospital with serious injuries. Don't miss... Chris Rock slams Meghan Markle's race claim about the Royal Family [LATEST] Kremlin in crisis as Wagner Group chief threatens Putin with ultimatum [REVEALED] Prince Harry diagnosed with new condition during live interview [REPORT] She added: "Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and enquiries are ongoing. "The case has been referred to the IOPC in line with normal procedures." A spokesperson for the IOPC said: "We can confirm Gwent Police have advised us that they are making a referral in connection with this tragic incident and we will carry out an assessment in due course to determine what further action may be required from us." South Wales Police is also involved in the investigation. South Wales Police can confirm that at 00.15am this morning, Monday 6th March, we were called to a report of a car being located off the A48 in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. A spokesperson for the force said: "South Wales Police is carrying out an investigation into the road traffic collision to establish what happened. "We would like to thank the public for their patience and their cooperation whilst the road is closed. Our thoughts are with the those affected by this incident."