Zara Tindall was the first ever royal guest to appear on BBC’s Top Gear, proving she enjoys driving as much as horse riding. She went head to head with her husband Mike Tindall on the programme, with the former England rugby player winning by just one second. During the warm-up laps, the Olympic silver medallist hurtled off the track several times when driving a Toyota GT86. She later admitted that she was thrilled to be competing in the Reasonably Fast Car segment of the show. The daughter of Princess Anne added: “I loved it, although I think Mike cheated because he came on my training lap, which meant he knew more about the circuit when it came to his turn. “He’s also done some racing driving before and when we go anywhere these days he’s always behind the wheel. I’m usually the one looking after our daughters on the back seat.” READ MORE: Almost one million Britons risk fines for not paying car tax The mother of three is also a brand ambassador for historic British brand Land Rover, both in the equestrian world and in wider marketing campaigns. She has appeared in the Open Range: Refuelled series on YouTube where she spoke about her aspirations to compete in another Olympics and her status as a rider. In the video, she spoke with former Rugby player David Flatman, who went to school with Mike Tindall and Jonny Wilkinson, while travelling in a slick new Land Rover. Another Land Rover video saw her preparing for the Land Rover Burghley Horse Trials, where she made a “tailgate picnic” with chef Simon Rogan. Don't miss... British expats told to take Spanish driving test or stay off roads [WARNING] What to do if someone parks in front of your drive [IMPORTANT] Parking chaos as neighbour repeatedly parks across drive [SHOCKING] To accommodate her immensely successful equestrian career, Zara has a HGV licence, allowing her to drive a HGV horsebox to and from events. According to Saga, her first car was a Mini Metro in British racing green, while her favourite motor was an Audi A3 hot hatchback her husband gave her as a present. Mike is also known to be a fan of motorbikes, most notably Harley-Davidson. In 2019, he posted on Twitter a picture of himself outside of a Harley-Davidson dealership in London, accompanied with the caption: “Think it’s shopping time!” READ MORE: UK risks losing out as 'global leader' in electric car industry He has also been pictured on a Harley-Davidson motorbike at the ISPS Handa Celebrity Golf Classic in 2019. His Harley-Davidson FXDR has a massive 1,868cc engine and can go from zero to 60mph faster than a Porsche. Similarly, Prince William and Prince Harry are believed to be fans of Ducatis, although Mike said he prefers a “comfortable cruiser”. In an interview with the Telegraph in 2019, the Rugby World Cup winner said he owns a high-performance Jaguar F-Type SVR coupe, adding that he does most of the driving at home. He continued: “Zara did pull on a helmet and go on the back of my old bike a few times, but my new machine only has one seat. “She says she would really like to try a sidecar. Mia also has a little motorised trike for scooting around  the farm." “Zara is usually dealing with the girls on the back seat of a Land Rover. “I’m planning to take my HGV  test so I can help out and drive her horse lorry, too.”