Prince Harry and Meghan Markle “won’t dare stay away” from the King’s Coronation as it will “make them appear irrelevant”, a royal expert has claimed as the speculation of the couple attending the grand event continues. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed that they have been invited to the Coronation, however, there has been no confirmation of them attending the event.  A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex told The Times: “I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation. “An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time.” Now, royal commentator Richard Fitzwilliams said they would “dare not stay away”, despite facing a “dilemma”. He told MailOnline: “It has always been clear that King Charles would invite Harry and Meghan to the Coronation.   “As a symbol of national unity, he believes this is important. “However their response is uncertain and raises an acute dilemma for them. “On the one hand, they want discussions with senior royals and accountability for what they believe they went through when they were senior working royals. “They believe that, together with the press, the royal family sought to drive them into exile. They want an apology. They will not get it. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan officially invited to Coronation  “The Sussexes have contracts with Netflix, Spotify and Random House. They only have these because they are members of the Royal Family. “If they did not attend this momentous event they will seem very out of touch.” The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have launched a series of attacks on the Royal Family over the past few months. Prince Harry made a number of revelations about his dynamics with the King and Prince William in his latest memoir ‘Spare’. Mr Fitzwilliams continued: “Also the courtiers are aware of their obsession with controlling the narrative and for getting publicity. DON'T MISS:Prince William and Kate ‘on board’ with King Charles’s decision  [REVEAL]King Charles attempts to move on and put issues of Sussexes 'to bed' [INSIGHT]British takeaway sparks outrage for 'blow torching chicken in trolley' [REACTION] “They will be strictly controlled as they were during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Discussions with other royals will focus on the weather. “So the dilemma is theirs. They won’t be missed if they don’t come by much of the British public. “However if they don’t they risk appearing an irrevelance and polls in America have shown a seismic drop in their support. “Since they have not decided on constructive careers and the endless interviews, the memoir and threats of more memoirs are recent proof of this, I suspect they dared not stay away. We shall see.” Meanwhile, King Charles was seen for the first time on Sunday following a whirlwind week in which he is understood to have invited the Duke and Duchess of Sussex his Coronation after serving notice for the couple to vacate Frogmore. The couple has been “requested” to vacate Frogmore cottage which was gifted to them by the late Queen Elizabeth as a wedding present. 