Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp showed his class after the Reds' 7-0 demolition of Manchester United after shunning his fist-pumping ritual. The German usually performs the gesture towards the Kop after a win at Anfield but decided against it after humiliating his club’s biggest rivals in the Premier League. Liverpool recorded their best-ever win over United on Sunday as they raced to a seven-goal win. Cody Gakpo, Mohamed Salah and Darwin Nunez each scored twice before Roberto Firmino added the final gloss to the scoreline. Klopp usually fist-pumps the crowd after a win and Liverpool supporters would have been expecting the same following the big result however it did not happen this time. He teased supporters by spinning his right index finger in the air, which is what he always does before the first pumps. Rather than punch the sky, though, he shook his finger to confirm he was not going to do the party trick after the game. It is not yet clear why the 55-year-old decided against performing the gesture but it could be that he wanted to show respect to his opponents following the thrashing. The Reds have underperformed in the Premier League at times this season but they are now right on the cusp of the Champions League places after months of chasing down Tottenham and Newcastle United. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans Liverpool thoroughly humiliated their closest rivals and Klopp may have wanted to seem respectful after the game as a result. Klopp was full of praise for his players in his post-match interview understandably describing it as their best performance. He was particularly keen to praise his midfield and forwards after they ran riot against United. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears “It was one of the best performances for a long, long time,” he said. “In a way, I think everybody saw how good the boys can be. I think nobody was in doubt about Darwin’s future impact when he settles because he is a real force of nature, Cody plays in the most difficult area of the pitch against a man-marking side which is super-tricky, but how he keeps himself on his feet there and has the overview of everybody else, Mo is Mo, midfielders around. “Harvey played a top game the other night against Wolves, had the highest counter-pressing outcome of any player in the Premier League this season so if that is not a qualification for starting again then I don’t know one, to be honest, and is for us super-important on the ball as well. Hendo didn’t start the last game, what a performance tonight, absolutely incredible, and Fab is back.”