Joe Biden's "unserious" Budget could "kill" America's economy "beyond any repair", leading Republican Party figures have warned. The 46th POTUS unveiled his third Budget on Thursday during a visit to Philadelphia in Pennsylvania. President Biden's fiscal measures include reducing the deficit by $3trillion over the next decade, capping the cost of insulin to $35 a month and restoring child tax credits. The Commander-in-Chief also revealed Americans earning less than $400,000 per year would not face any tax increases but high earners and corporations will "pay their fair share". Republicans responded with disbelief to Biden's Budget. House Speaker Kevin McCarthy said: "President Biden just delivered his budget to Congress, and it is completely unserious. JUST IN: 'Shut your mouth!' Republican Senator loses it with Teamsters chief in fiery clash "He proposes trillions in new taxes that you and your family will pay directly or through higher costs. "Mr President: Washington has a spending problem, NOT a revenue problem." Republican hopeful for 2024, Nikki Haley, branded Biden's plan a "disaster for America". She added: "Joe Biden doubles down on socialism in his budget proposal." READ MORE: A TikTok star adopted nine boys, he's now been charged with sex abuse GOP firebrand Lauren Boebert, who narrowly retained her Colorado district last November, warned: "This is completely unserious and would take our already dying economy and kill it beyond any repair." The White House has claimed the POTUS will look to fund higher spending and narrowing the deficit by imposing a 25 percent minimum tax on billionaires and by doubling the capital gains tax from 20 percent. However, Biden's Budget could see the 46th POTUS lock horns with his Republican rivals on Capitol Hill. Federal spending will increase in the twelve months starting in October to $6.8trillion from the $6.2trillion spent in the 2022 fiscal year. DON'T MISS: Trump plans to publish private letters from Oprah in new book [LATEST] Meghan 'really lets go' as close pal says Duchess has 'lots of fun' [REVEALED] Leonardo DiCaprio love interest Rose Bertram visits 'cooch clinic' [SPOTLIGHT] Biden told blue-collar workers at his event: "For too long, working people been breaking their necks, the economy's left them behind - working people like you - while those at the top get away with everything." He added: "I want to make it clear I'm ready to meet with the Speaker anytime, tomorrow if he has his budget. "Lay it down, tell me what you want to do. I'll show you what I want to do, see what we can agree on." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews