Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are entering "unchartered territory" as they receive ridicule from fellow celebrities, it has been claimed. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been mocked and criticised in recent weeks by South Park, Rebel Wilson, and Chris Rock. There is speculation that the couple, based in Montecito, California, could be the butt of jokes at the Oscars ceremony on Sunday. Palace Confidential host Jo Elvin remarked: "They might be used to media criticism, but this criticism, from celebrities, is quite unchartered territory isn't it? "This is other celebrities having a pop at them." The Daily Mail's Diary Editor Richard Eden responded: "They will struggle to be amused by this, particularly the Chris Rock bit will hurt them. "They prided themselves on relations with the black community, they got involved with Black Lives Matter." JUST IN: Prince Harry's family 'did attend Princess Lilibet's christening'  He added: "They were very very proud of the civil rights award they received from the NAACP, it was in their Netflix series. "To have Chris Rock and an audience that was largely black laugh at them, I think I will go down badly with them." Ms Elvin noted: "It will smart a little bit." Comedian Chris Rock ripped into the Duchess of Sussex in his newly-released Netflix show Selective Outrage.  Mr Rock voiced his frustration at some of the allegations Meghan Markle has made against the Royal Family since she and Prince Harry stepped down in 2020. The comedian challenged the Duchess of Sussex's claims that she had never researched his husband or his family before entering the royal fold. In his Netflix show, Chris Rock said: "It’s the Royal Family. You didn’t Google these motherf****rs? What the f**k is she talking about, ‘She didn’t know?' "That’s like marrying into the Budweiser family and going, ‘They drink a lot.’” DON'T MISS: Sadiq Khan is turning London into a hostile environment for drivers [COMMENT]Fuel duty hike in Budget would be a massive vote loser for the Tories [POLL]Harry on 'horns of a dilemma' as he desperately tries to save face [LIVE BLOG]  PR guru Matt Yanofsky told the Mirror that "Meghan and Harry are no longer untouchable in the US" thanks to the recent mockery. He said the recent South Park episode ridiculing the exiled royals “ripped the Band-Aid off” for people to poke fun at the pair. Mr Yanofsky said: “By satirizing the couple, they’ve given other people permission to finally say what they think about Meghan and Harry, as we saw similarly with Chris Rock’s stand-up special.” He suggested that Harry and Meghan may be roasted by big names at the Oscars ceremony, set to take place this Sunday, March 12, in Los Angeles. 