Daisy Jones & The Six airs on Amazon Prime Video and it stars Elvis Presley's granddaughter Riley Keough as the title character. Daisy becomes part of one of the most famous bands in the world and they end up splitting at the height of their success. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what inspired the series. The miniseries is made up of 10 episodes and the story is told in the form of a documentary. Interviews with the band members are included which has sparked fans to search for where the musicians are now. However, the band is entirely fictional, with the series being based on the book of the same name by Taylor Jenkins Reid. The author did say the story was partly inspired by her experience growing up. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview She recalled watching Fleetwood Mac performances on television and it was this band that inspired Daisy Jones & the Six. British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac formed in 1967, having been founded by guitarists and vocalists Peter Green and Jeremy Spencer and drummer Mick Fleetwood. Bob Brunning was a temporary bass guitarist before John McVie joined the line-up. Danny Kirwan joined as a third guitarist and vocalist in 1968, followed by keyboardist and vocalist Christine Perfect. Their 1975 self-titled album reached number one in the United States. Rumours, released in 1977, remained at number one on the American albums chart for 31 weeks. The album has sold more than 40 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums in history. In total the band has sold more than 120 million records worldwide, making them one of the world's best-selling groups. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice star details private conversation with Lord Sugar Sam Claflin on 'horrific' part of filming Daisy Jones and The Six role Riley Keough and her stuntman husband secretly welcomed their daughter The book's author reiterated the importance of giving women in the arts an independent voice. Speaking to Rolling Stone she said: "I wanted you to feel immersed in it, and not like you were reading fiction, but like you were there. "For me, the best way to do that was to mimic what I would argue is the best medium for stories about rock, which is a rock documentary. “I wanted it to feel like an episode of Behind the Music, as if you were hearing it from the people directly. "That there was no filter. The conclusion I came to was that it had to be an oral history.” Viewers have taken to Twitter to share their thoughts on the series so far. @simpforilcey said: "The way you can see how mature, hardened by everything she went through, wiser daisy is in the interviews makes me so proud and happy and sad at the same time #DaisyJonesAndTheSix" @jellymelly1217 shared: "I love how happy Daisy is making music and singing #DaisyJonesAndTheSix"  Daisy Jones & The Six airs on Amazon Prime Video.