Fortnite developer Epic Games is about to launch a brand new season on consoles and PC. Fortnite Chapter 4, Season 2 kicks off on March 10. Downtime begins at 7am GMT UK time, which means the game should be online and ready to play by 10am at the latest. Unlike past seasons where leaks have been few and far between, lots of new Battle Pass items have already started to make an appearance online. The new season, titled Fortnite MEGA, has a distinct cyberpunk theme and visual style. As you can see from the trailer below, the main new POI wouldn't look out of place in something like Blade Runner. Holographic figures can be found atop neon-soaked skyscrapers, while players can grind colourful rails either on foot or using the futuristic new bikes. Needless to say, the cyberpunk theme will carry over into the Battle Pass, as Epic adds a brand new selection of stylish characters to Fortnite. The stylish new Battle Pass skins can be seen in the image below (via Hypex and Shiina). The leaked artwork also features this season's secret guest skin, which is Eren Yeager from Attack on Titan. The character should be available midway through the season. According to an older tweet by Shiina, Epic is planning yet another Star Wars crossover in Season 2. The Fortnite insider claims that at least two new Star Wars skins will be available during the season. Shiina believes both skins will be male characters, and will launch at some point during the season, most likely in the item shop. Not only will the next wave of Star Wars characters have lightsabers, but they will also be able to use Force Powers. The latest reports also suggest Epic Games is planning a LEGO crossover. Fortnite News reports that the Fortnite X LEGO crossover will launch sometime this year. If this is the case, it will most likely miss Season 2. Of course, there's a possibility LEGO characters won't appear in the game at all. Instead, it could be that Epic will team up with the toy company to produce some officially licensed LEGO sets. We'll have to wait and see.