A New Jersey woman, who refused to vacate her home after being served an eviction notice, died in a fire she intentionally started on the property. The woman and her dozens of cats were trapped in the house after she threatened to blow it up. New Jersey State Police Lt. Lawrence Peele said: "We’re getting reports that the resident turned on the gas of the residence prior to igniting." Neighbour Erin Luca told CBS News: "They knocked on our door this morning. Thank God it was a pretty loud knock. I grabbed [my son]. They told us to leave. "She was threatening with a bomb or to bomb the house and ended up with a fire." READ MORE: Man wrongly locked up for murder finally freed after 38 years  Emma Quackenbush, who lived in the attached unit for 22 years, told New Jersey 101.5 she had lost everything in the fire. She said: "It looks like my house is gone. It’s still standing but it’s not livable." The woman was an animal lover with neighbours revealing she have had up to 30 cats in her home. Animal control had searched through the wreckage for any cats still alive but did not come across any. It comes as the cost of renting an apartment is easing after skyrocketing in recent years, though it remains painfully high for many Americans. The US median rent rose 2.4 percent in January from a year earlier to $1,942, the lowest annual increase since June 2021, according to data from Rent, which tracks listings for apartment and rental houses. The median rent peaked in August at $2,053, while the annual rate of growth topped out at nearly 18 percent in March last year, according to Rent. On a monthly basis, January’s national median rent was down about 2 percent from December, its fourth decline in five months, the company said. DON'T MISS Dad-of-5 mysteriously disappears after night out with client [INSIGHT]Ron DeSantis would strike UK-US trade deal 'within months' of victory [ANALYSIS]Plane bombing tragedy narrowly missed as agents find homemade bomb [VIDEO] After surging in 2021 and most of 2022, rent growth has begun to moderate amid slowing demand and rising competition from new apartment construction, which has put pressure on landlords to ease rent increases. “It’s the inventory, the fact that rents have been so high, a lot of people uncertain about the economy and just staying put, not moving around as much,” said Jon Leckie, a researcher at Rent. Even with rent growth easing, the sharp increases in recent years have squeezed tenants' budgets by gobbling up a bigger share of their income. The national average rent-to-income ratio reached 30 percent in the fourth quarter, according to Moody’s Analytics. That ratio was the highest it’s been in the more than 20 years Moody’s has been tracking it. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews