Harry Potter is the best-selling book series of all time, with 16 years having passed since JK Rowling published the final novel. Since then, the play script for Harry Potter and the Cursed Child was released in 2016 and now a new official book has been announced by Bloomsbury today – but it might not quite be what fans were expecting. The Harry Potter Wizarding Almanac is a special companion and official guidebook to the Wizarding World of Rowling’s beloved series, full of stunning illustrations. Bloomsbury shared: “The ultimate compendium of wizarding lists, charts, maps and all things magical! Go on an unguided tour of Hogwarts, discover magical means of travel and how to evade Muggle eyes! You can also explore the unique journeys of key characters through Hermione’s Time-Turner, the wonders of The Burrow, Hagrid’s miscellany of pets, and all the spells cast by Harry (and others!).” The published continued: “The book is designed to be a visual compendium of charts, cross-sections, and magical particulars, collecting together enchanted objects, fabulous foodstuffs, curious plants, and fantastic beasts from the Harry Potter universe. The seven spectacular chapters will allow readers to relive their favourite moments from the books, learn about spells and magic, and search for hidden secrets. “The Harry Potter Wizarding Almanac is a dazzling visual spectacle that boasts contributions from seven uniquely talented artists from around the world. These artists include Peter Goes, Louise Lockhart, Weitong Mai, Olia Muza, Pham Quang Phuc, Levi Pinfold, and Tomislav Tomić. “Fans of the Harry Potter series may recognize the latter two names, as Pinfold and Tomić have both previously worked on official Harry Potter publications. With each artist bringing their own extraordinary creative vision to J.K. Rowling’s wizarding world, this book is set to be a stunning masterpiece of illustrations and details. The content has been researched and ingeniously organised by the team at Bloomsbury Children’s Books, the original publisher of the Harry Potter novels.” READ MORE: Harry Potter and the Cursed Child movie planned with all three stars Mandy Archer, Harry Potter Editorial Director and Head of Brand, said: “It is such a delight to publish this wonderful companion book, bringing the magic of the Harry Potter stories to life in glorious, dazzling detail. The Harry Potter Wizarding Almanac is a treasure trove of unforgettable story moments, deep dives into favourite locations and boisterously brilliant wizarding fun. Meticulously researched and richly illustrated by an astonishing ensemble of artistic talent, this is a book for Harry Potter fans of all ages, all around the world.” The Harry Potter Wizarding Almanac has 208 pages and will be published on October 10, 2023 with a retail price of £30. To pre-order, click here.