Influencer Dominique Sachse took to YouTube to share some easy slimming hacks which don't require a diet plan or gym membership. You simply have to take a look at your wardrobe. There's no replacement for hard work when it comes to sculpting a toned, lean figure. However, if you have a big event coming up and want to look slim without doing the work, there are a few style hacks to try. Dominique told women to grab a belt and a handbag if they want to look slender and svelte immediately. The influencer's belt trick works for the occasions you are wearing a dress. READ MORE: Camilla shares the 'menopausal' colour she avoids when getting dressed We all have a staple black belt in our wardrobes but Dominique suggested we forgo these for the moment in favour of something more bold. She told women to "not be afraid of a brightly-coloured belt", as it can nip in the waist expertly. "If you want to draw attention to your waist area, look at the difference it makes in how slimming it is by bringing in a belt." Experimenting herself with a dark navy dress and thin red belt, Dominique showed what a difference it makes. It nipped in her waist and created an hourglass silhouette. The influencer's only caveat was that this trick only works if the dress is lengthening - "there's length in the neck, length in the torso, length in the legs". The "wonderful design element" of a colourful belt can become a perfect pairing if you wear the same colour shoes. And it doesn't just work for dresses. Dominique stressed that the colourful belt technique can be applied to jackets. READ MORE: Meghan shared how women can look 'a million times better' in clothes If you have a jacket that's a little "oversized" and haven't had a chance to take it to a tailor, belt that jacket. Dominique's second tip was to grab a handbag - but definitely not a teeny one. She explained that the type of bag you are carrying can make you look slimmer or larger. She said: "If you have an oversized, structured - not floppy - bag and you carry it on you, suddenly the size of your bag makes you appear smaller. It's a wonderful slenderising tip. A smaller bag on the other hand might have the opposite effect and make you look larger than you are. Finally, Dominique told women to take advantage of their jewellery: "Stay away from big, chunky and high-neck - keep it simple and basic." Rather, low, long, dangly jewellery is optimum for creating a perfect V-neckline.