Endeavour’s series finale airs on ITV1 and ITVX on Sunday, March 12 at 8pm. Season nine, episode three is the very last instalment with the drama going out with a bang. The show has been on screens since 2012 after it first premiered, serving as a prequel to Inspector Morse. The series finale title is Exeunt, which is a stage direction with a sad meaning in the context of Endeavour. Exeunt indicates one or all of the characters leave the stage and this is important as it signals this is really the end of Endeavour. The title also taps into this being a piece of fiction and something of a play with the characters merely players in this story. Moreover, this title seems to be a nod to the cast and crew leaving the stage after working on the series. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity Each episode of Endeavour is a single word, which is integral to the case and this is no different with Exeunt. Episode one of season nine was called Prelude and this seemed to be paving the way to the grand finale of Endeavour. The plot synopsis for Exeunt reads: “Morse's investigation into a number of untimely death notices in the Oxford Mail, each with a cryptic message, takes him to a series of funerals before forcing him to confront his own mortality. “Thursday is facing more than one confrontation of his own as his past closes in on him, while he resorts to desperate measures to protect those he loves most.” READ MORE: Endeavour fans predict McNutt appearance in final ever episode Endeavour has become a global phenomenon over the past decade with fans from all across the world falling in love with creator Russell Lewis’ scripts and actor Shaun Evans’ performance as a young incarnation of the iconic detective. Speaking about the final series, Evans said: “It’s important to never be complacent with your work. “It galvanises people when you think, ‘We have to improve on what we have done last time.’ “It gets the best work out of everyone. So there is that aspect to it.” READ MORE: Anton Lesser plays Reginald Bright one final time in Endeavour He went on to say: “In terms of the story there needed to be a full stop between Endeavour and the Thursday family. “All parts of the Thursday family. I felt that needed to be a very definite full stop.” The star went on to say the final season crystallised Endeavour’s “isolation” which marries up the two shows for when viewers meet John Thaw’s Inspector Morse. Endeavour wraps up in 1972 with the timeline of Inspector Morse starting 15 years later. Don't miss...Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [LATEST]Death in Paradise boss pays tribute to 'amazing actor' Kris Marshall [INTERVIEW]1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [VIDEO] Evans said: “What we discover in these final three films is that, for one reason or another, he cannot reach out. And so his isolation and lonesomeness is completely cemented.” Despite being set in the 1970s, Endeavour has parallels to 2023 with the actor paying tribute to the show’s creator. He said: “That’s when Russell Lewis really excels himself. When you can touch on the fact that in some respects we haven’t moved on in over 50 years.” Exeunt is expected to have lots of little nods to Inspector Morse as it wraps up. The Endeavour series finale airs on ITV1 and ITVX on Sunday at 8pm