An expert has warned drivers that Government's MOT plans could cost drivers "more in the long run" and lead to higher repair costs. Dorry Potter, an expert at National Scrap Car, exclusively told Express.co.uk that "MOTs play a vital role in making sure vehicles on our roads are safe and well-maintained". Ms Potter added: "Though the Government's plan is well intended, moving the MOT to biennial rather than annual could actually cost drivers more in the long run with higher repair bills. "Not having an MOT every year may mean that defects will go unnoticed for longer. "A lot of times when people take their cars in for MOT it is a surprise that the car fails because as motorists it could be hard to identify faults in the car. "MOTs help identify small minor problems before they become more expensive to fix, having an effect on motorists' finances in the long term." READ MORE: 'Use VED to push car buyers' towards electric cars The expert continued: "These faults could also have a detrimental impact on road safety with the number of unroadworthy vehicles being on our roads as well as breakdowns which can put people’s safety at risk. "For example, it’s important to note that engine oil should ideally be changed every 8,000-10,000. "Reducing MOTs to every two years may mean motorists forget to do these. "The opposed delay to new vehicles' first MOT isn’t such a bad idea however there should be a requirement for high mileage vehicles especially to be tested annually." DON'T MISS Elderly motorists offered course to brush up on driving laws [INSIGHT] Electric car owners can save £600 a year despite rising bills [REVEAL] Electric scooters could 'catch fire or explode' if not used properly [WARNING] On February 16, the Department for Transport quietly changed the deadline for the end of the MOT consultation. It was originally meant to come to an end on February 28, but the Government extended the consultation closing date to March 22, 2023. The consultation is set to close this month, although the DfT will not immediately decide on any changes based on the results, according to the Independent Garage Association (IGA). Any changes to the MOT will be supported by an information campaign led by the Department for Transport and the DVSA to inform drivers of the updates to MOTs and remind them of their responsibility to keep vehicles roadworthy. READ MORE: Over £3million in fines issued to drivers unable to park at hospitals Ensuring that the UK maintains its world-class record on road safety is at the heart of the proposals. Data shows that most new vehicles pass the first MOT test at three years. The Department for Transport stated that the number of casualties in car collisions due to vehicle defects had remained low. Because of this, it said the change from three to four years for the first MOT should not impact road safety.  Undertaking roadworthiness testing four years since the vehicle’s registration is already standard practice across many European countries, including Belgium, Denmark, France, Italy, Spain, and Portugal. Among the proposals, the consultation will consider whether electric vehicles’ batteries should be tested to improve the safety and reliability of EVs and if additional measures should be introduced to tackle excessively loud engines.  It will also look at how the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) can continue to crack down against MOT and mileage fraud. The consultation also seeks views on the frequency of MOTs and how to improve the monitoring of emissions to tackle pollution to bolster the environmental efficiency of vehicles. Potential new measures include introducing testing of pollutants such as particulate number (PN) and NOx to ensure diesel, petrol and hybrid cars always meet emissions requirements throughout their lifespan. The announcement of the consultation, as well as its contents, spawned mixed reactions from road safety experts, with some, including the AA president, suggesting it could lead to an increase in accidents. 