Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are "expected" to attend the King's Coronation in May, it is claimed. The Palace has been told to start planning for their appearance, such as the seating and dining plans. Buckingham Palace is making plans for Prince Harry and Meghan to attend the King’s Coronation, The Daily Mail reported. Staff organising logistics for the historic occasion have been instructed to include the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in their programme for May 6, sources have said. Insiders caution there has been no word yet that the couple has formally accepted King Charles’s invitation, which their spokesman revealed was recently sent to them in California "by email". The Master of the Household’s Department and Lord Chamberlain’s Office, who are anticipating an appearance from the couple, is the strongest suggestion yet the Sussexes could be there on May 6. The couple has spent the last few years, since their exit in 2020, throwing claims at the institution, as well as direct accusations at members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug' - 'a powerful moment' One source told the Mail last night: "Harry and Meghan are being factored into all of the planning.... the cars, the seating plans, dining arrangements, everything. The date for the upcoming Coronation is also their son, and Charles' grandson, Archie's fourth birthday. Speculation has mounted for some time over whether Harry and Meghan would receive an invite to the King's Coronation, particularly due to the recent claims made by the couple. However, speculation halted last week, when a spokesperson confirmed the couple had received an invite. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: King agreed to Archie and Lili's titles 'before Harry's book published' According to an insider, King Charles wants Prince Harry "back in the family" to suppress the PR crisis. They added: "If they don't sort it out, it will always be part of the King's reign and how he has left his family disjointed. "He has had a reputation as a distant parent, and it would be awful for him for that to continue."  Don't miss... POLL: Should the Royal Family have gone to Lilibet's christening? [POLL] King agreed to Archie and Lili's titles 'before Harry's book published [LIVE] Lilibet's title shows Harry is 'attempting reconciliation' with royals [EXCLUSIVE] In a previous interview, which coincided with Harry's memoir release in January, the Duke of Sussex declined to say whether he would attend his father's coronation. He said: "The door is always open. The ball is in their court." Last week, it emerged that the King had requested the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to "vacate" their UK-based home, Frogmore Cottage. The couple last stayed at the property during their visit in June 2022, for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.