Experts discuss how to spot and stop weight loss scams in this week's Scam Watch with James Walker from Rightly and Louise Baxter from the National Trading Standards Scams Team. Losing weight is not an easy task. The start of the year is the time many people embark on a weight loss or fitness challenge. Weight loss companies, even legitimate companies use emotive language when it comes to weight loss.  Diet culture tells us that losing weight is a good thing, no matter how it's done. But that's just not true. Weight loss and gain can be linked to all sorts of things, it could be due to depression, an eating disorder, or an illness. We may not know the cause. Diet culture focuses on thinness over health and well-being. Often, diet culture often tells us to cut out food groups to lose weight, take a supplement, tablet or drink. This culture can cause situational vulnerability in people, leading them to be more susceptible to weight loss scams. It's not always easy to tell the difference between beneficial products and scams. READ MORE: Figures show working pensioners have seen income plunge by £3,000 Weight loss scams are criminals selling you a quick fix to lose weight. They use clever fraudulent, misleading marketing tactics, playing into your potential vulnerability and desire to lose weight. These ultimately don’t work and could be harmful to your health. Advertising red flags to consider when buying weight loss aids. The following could mean that you are buying a scam: ● Clinically proven to burn more fat ● Backed by science or scientists ● Tried and tested ● This product guarantees weight loss results The criminals will use scientific or medical language and claims to back up what they are saying and make you feel confident when buying the product. Often with diet scams and weight loss pills, the products have not been tested and they have no proof that they are effective. In some cases, the pills or products being offered are dangerous and unsafe, the fact they haven’t been tested also means we won’t always know the harm they are causing. Fake testimonials with happy people who claim to have lost loads of weight will also be used to entice you into buying them, these can sometimes be endorsed by celebrities who have no idea their identity is being used to advertise the fake, potentially dangerous, scam products. Is the data confusing? For example, it burns 40 percent more fat. Lose weight 50 percent faster. More fat than who and 50 percent faster than who? When you think about these figures, they don’t mean anything without actually studying any true background information. Are you bamboozled by the science you can’t work out what it means? Loads of studies are referenced that when you actually drill down into them, they don’t make sense. Emotive and powerful marketing language is used, such as: significant, amazing, incredible, these again are all subjective words, what they mean to you won’t be the same as they mean to someone else. These are often called advertising puffs, so don’t be swayed by the words. The overuse of words like: breakthrough, first of its kind, exclusive, secret and formula should be red flags when you are looking at any products, not just weight loss scams. READ MORE: Santander customer 'nearly fooled' as fraudsters had his card details Remember, you can verify any website using Free Website Scam Checker - Check a website by Get Safe Online. And, if you are tempted by weight loss products then it’s always good to take five and think about the following: 1. How did you find out about the product? 2. Do you know anyone who it worked for or was it an out of the blue communication by email or on social, if it was this is a warning sign it could be a scam Equally, money back guarantees, small print and costly subscriptions tying you in for months are also tactics used by criminals to get you to invest your money in their products. It’s highly likely you would never get your money back regardless of the product. How to protect yourself from weight loss scams ● Look for all of the signs and signals above ● Gather all the facts ● Ask your friends and family ● Check the website and reviews, do they look legitimate. Remember not all reviews are genuine ● Ask an expert, like your doctor Question: I have recently seen an advert on social media offering me money for use of my bank account. This seems like a quick win, and I am really in need of the extra money. Do you think this is a scam? This sounds like a money mule scam. Young people are increasingly being targeted by criminals who want to use their bank accounts. Criminals will use lots of mule accounts to make it harder for banks and police to track them down. Around six in 10 mules are under the age of 30. They can be recruited online and in person. By using mules, criminals try to ensure that the consequences hit the mule, instead of them. This is financial exploitation – both of the mule and of the original victim. Mules usually get recruited because they get a cut of the stolen money. If you take money and get involved, this is money laundering. This is a serious criminal offence, with a maximum sentence of 14 years in prison for the worst offenders. Do not get involved unless you want to face serious consequences. Always read the small print before entering any subscription. Can you actually get your money back? What is the company going to do with your data? Are you going to sign up and be caught in a complicated subscription trap you can’t get out of? Is your information going to be sold on to loads of different companies targeting you with other misleading or fake products? Don't wait until it's too late. Find out this vital information before you make your purchase. Never provide bank details to companies without doing some research first. If you think you are a victim of a subscription scam: 1. Make every effort to contact the company concerned to cancel the agreement 2. Contact your bank to cancel future payments 3. Do you need new bank cards? Ask your bank 4. Ask for a refund 5. If the bank won’t refund you, consider making a complaint to the Financial Ombudsman Service 6. Report it to Action Fraud, the UK’s national fraud reporting centre by calling 0300 123 20 40 or by visiting www.actionfraud.police.uk. If you are in Scotland, contact Police Scotland on 101. Remember: If you have received a text, you think is a scam then you can forward to 7726 or take a screenshot and send it to report@phishing.gov.uk. If you are receiving lots of unwanted phone calls or text messages you can also consider removing your details from data brokers, ensuring that you use a right to object to processing of your data. You can learn more about this on Rightly to stop the sharing of your data exposing you to scams. And you can take a free training course on how to fight against scams on www.friendsagainstscams.org.uk. The more we talk about scams the more we take away the shame.