Meghan Markle and Prince Harry reside in the Duchess of Sussex's native California after the couple stepped down from royal duties in 2020. The Duke and Duchess often perform interviews and cameo appearances from inside their mansion. This has allowed royal fans to get a glimpse inside their abode. Deepa Mehta-Sagar, a UAE-based interior designer and decorator, and founder of Area Decor LLC in Dubai, UAE, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain how Meghan and Harry have decorated their home. The expert claimed that the couple have gone for a recurring theme with their interior design. Ms Mehta-Sagar said: "A recurring theme in Meghan and Harry's Santa Barbara home, is that of country-style interiors interspersed with Mediterranean elements and wooden-beamed ceilings. "These design elements were also seen in their previous residence of Frogmore Cottage." READ MORE: Queen Letizia: Royal shares ‘favourite exercise’  From pictures and videos that have been released by Meghan and Harry, the overwhelming colour inside their home is cream and white. The expert told Express.co.uk what this could mean. She added: "The natural linen tones display a calm sensibility which reflects their comfort, or ease with their space. "The beige, cream, and white interiors embody simplicity, while subtle gold accents add a hint of individuality.   "On the whole, the colour palette gives their house an inviting, warm and serene spatial planning. "The muted tones are perhaps reflective of Meghan's elegant, minimalistic aesthetic. It says polished, yet easy-going which is exactly what is reflected in Meghan's wardrobe choices too. "Whereas, the use of wooden detailing is a reflection of Harry's taste as the use of wood was seen in Frogmore and is often seen in royal residences." The inside of their home is quite different compared to the more traditional royal homes in the UK where Harry would have grown up. READ MORE: Kate ‘steers away from coat dresses’ now like Crown Princess Mary  Ms Mehta-Sagar explained: "Their Santa Barbara home spells understated luxury. A clean, muted palette, with refined detailing makes for a home that is in tune with their new lifestyle, as they have stepped away from life as senior working royals. "It's sprawling and luxurious, much like traditional royal homes, but what sets it apart is its contemporary style. "Harry's childhood home - apartments eight and nine in Kensington Palace - reflected Lady Diana's personal style. "Her personality - love for bold patterns and rich fabrics - came through, even as Lady Diana honoured the history of the 17th-century building. Opulence and grandeur were seeped into the decor and furnishings, befitting royalty."  Ms Mehta-Sagar expanded on whether the couple seem happy with their Californian home, which they share with their children Archie, three, and Lilibet, one. The expert commented: "Their home speaks of a calm independence befitting their shift from royalty and the associated protocols. "The new home is devoted to ensuring a well-rounded upbringing for their two children. "Having maintained some of the core elements of design from Frogmore into the aesthetic, they have ensured a sense of belonging and an ease of transition for the family." 