The winner of a record-breaking £1.6 billion lottery jackpot has seen his dream turn into a nightmare. A man is now suing him for the colossal winnings, claiming the ticket was "stolen" from him. Edwin Castro was named the winner of the record-breaking Powerball jackpot in February. But now a man named Jose Rivera is suing him, claiming he bought the ticket on the same day and at the same store as Castro. Mr Castro bought the winning ticket at Joe's Service Center in Altadena - just 15 miles off Los Angeles in California. Legal documents claim Rivera bought a ticket on the same day. And he now alleges a man known only as "Reggie" stole the ticket from him. Rivera says he tried to get Reggie to return the ticket - but was told it did not hold the winning numbers. Reggie then allegedly backtracked and said Rivers had indeed bought the winning ticket. Reggie also allegedly said he would only return Castro's ticket if the £1.6 billion ($2.04 billion) was split evenly. JUST IN: OAP who killed doctor after wife died from foot infection handed life sentence Both Castro and the man known as Reggie have been named in Rivera's lawsuit. Castro was named the winner of the largest Powerball jackpot of all time three months after the winning ticket was bought. He did not attend the official presentation but said he was "shocked and ecstatic" in a statement commenting on his win. Mr Castro added: "As someone who received the rewards of being educated in the California public education system it’s gratifying to hear that as a result of my win, the California school system greatly benefits as well." But details about the jackpot winner still remain scarce. READ MORE: Inside chilling shack where two Americans were found dead in cartel kidnapping California lottery officials said: "Edwin Castro's name is now part of public record. "As with all of our winners, but in an effort to balance transparency with privacy, that's the only information that's subject to public record. "But we also like to humanise the lottery. We like to reveal the names of our winners, particularly those who win top prizes like Mr Castro." The officials have insisted they are confident Castro is the "rightful winner" of the massive prize. DON'T MISS: Youngest lottery winner who blew millions is off to university [BLOG] Dad can finally buy gravestone for baby son after lottery win [INSIGHT] One lotto winner scoops huge £5.3milllion jackpot in last night's draw [LATEST] Speaking to TMZ, a spokesperson for California Lottery said: "Further, when it comes to the vetting process for big winners, California Lottery has the utmost confidence in its process for doing so. “California Lottery remains confident that Edwin Castro is the rightful winner of the $2.04 billion prize stemming from the Powerball drawing in November of 2022." Before the lawsuit was filed, Castro was able to collect £842.3 million ($997.6 million) after taxes – and used part of the money to splash out on a lavish mansion in Hollywood. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews