A dad in the US would investigate ideas that came to him in dreams during a desperate 42-year search for his missing daughter. However, Oscar Jackson was no longer around to find out what had happened to his 17-year-old, Pam Jackson, and her best friend Sherri Miller, 17, after they vanished en route to a school party in 1971. Oscar tragically died at the age of 102 just five days before his daughter's remains were found in an overturned car which had surfaced in a stream. A local man noticed the upside down 1960 Studebaker Lark floating in Brule Creek, South Dakota on September 23, 2013. The Studebaker was found 100 yards from the party at a gravel pit the best friends were trying to get to on that ill-fated night in 1971. Investigators ruled their deaths an accident.  Local journalist Lou Raguse, who covered the story in the mid-2000s, told Express.co.uk about Oscar's relentless drive to solve the mystery of his missing daughter and her best friend. Raguse described how the devastated father would investigate leads that came to him in deep sleep. "He was so desperate he would investigate things that came to him in a dream like he would dream that the girls were at a hippy commune so he would start writing letters to hippy communes," the journalist revealed. Other times Oscar would hear a rumour like there's this woman named Pam, "kinda mysterious, married to this guy" in Sioux Falls, South Dakota's largest city, which sits roughly 50 miles from where his daughter and her best friend went missing. Thinking this could be Pam Jackson as an adult, the father would enlist the help of his son and others to investigate. Don't miss... Chinese rocket carrying three spy satellites implodes over Texas  [REVEAL] Joe Rogan opens anti-cancel culture comedy club  [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan 'want to have their cake and eat it' over Coronation [SPOTLIGHT] When the young girls initially went missing, the “very quiet” farmer spent most mornings and evenings looking for Pam, Raguse said. Oscar searched ditches, abandoned barns, creeks and woodland around Vermillion - a tiny city with a population of 12,000 - in a desperate bid to find Pam and Sherri. Raguse said: “At the time that it happened in the early 70s, Oscar was a farmer, a very quiet guy and he would basically spend every morning and evening driving around alone, looking for them, aimlessly checking every roadside ditch, hoping that he would find some trace of them and other farmers told me that there were a lot of abandoned farm houses and barns out in the countryside back then. “Oscar would check those out to see if there was any trace they'd been there. "He would drive up the Missouri River which is really huge, cutting across North America. “He was worried they may have driven into the Missouri River so he was checking that out. “There are a couple of other rivers in the area so it was a very consuming hands-on search for him back when it happened with very little help from anyone else. “His brother-in-law helped him a lot - he had a motorcycle and would drive all over the place to help him out and, beyond that, they didn't really have the widespread search parties that they would if something like this happened today.” No foul play is suspected and the deaths have been ruled accidental - the result of a crash. There is no evidence of drugs or alcohol being used, according to investigators, who said one of the car's tyres appeared to have suffered a blowout. They believe this may have happened as the girls drove along a bridge over the creek. Lou Raguse investigates the tragedy in his new book titled Vanished In Vermillion: The Real Story of South Dakota’s Most Infamous Cold Case. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews