Rishi Sunak has seen the Conservatives eat into Labour's massive poll lead for the second week in a row after a strong fortnight for the Prime Minister. In the last two weeks, Labour's lead has fallen by almost a quarter from 22 points to 17. The Techne UK tracker poll this week for Express.co.uk saw Labour's share of the vote fall by one percent to 46 points while the Conservatives stayed on 29 percent. It came in a week where Sir Keir Starmer struggled to land a blow on Mr Sunak during Prime Minister's questions when he tried to criticise the "small boats Bill" brought in to stop illegal migration to the UK. The Bill, which Labour attacked, would see people arriving through illegal routes to the UK deported within 28 days and banned from applying for asylum in Britain again. But Techne UK chief executive Michela Morizzo warned that the survey of 1,624 people showed that the full impact of the legislation on voting intentions has not been felt yet. The Prime Minister's Brexit deal two weeks ago with the EU on Northern Ireland had a much bigger instant impact in the polls with the Tories cutting Labour's lead by four. Ms Morizzo said: "Perhaps not unexpectedly there has been little change this week when we consider our regular tracker poll. "The Labour Party loses one point of national vote share dropping from 47 percent to 46 percent. "By contrast the Conservative Party remains steady at 29 percent of national vote share just like our poll last week. "It is perhaps too early to know whether the Illegal Immigrants Bill from earlier this week will gain any traction with the voting electorate, but with a 17-point national vote share over the Conservatives, Labour’s Sir Keir Starmer is still in a dominant position. "Next week we will further assess whether the Government’s newly announced approach to illegal immigration will result in any voter support." The enormity of the Tory task though is highlighted by the fact that, according to Electoral Calculus, they are still facing a record worst defeat in their history despite making up five points on Labour. If the poll was an election today then the Tories would be left with a mere 144 seats, worse than the 1997 election in which John Major's Conservatives were humiliated by Tony Blair and Labour and won just 165 seats. Meanwhile, Labour would seize power with a majority of 204. However, Tory backbenchers have told Express.co.uk that they are beginning to see a softening in the public attitude after the nightmare of 2022 when Boris Johnson and then Liz Truss were removed as Prime Minister by Conservative MPs. Don't miss... Jeremy Hunt has £97bn to make tax cuts, report says [REVEAL] Starmer gifts Sunak an easy hit in PMQs against both Labour and Boris [INSIGHT] Ex-Armed forces minister Mark Francois answers questions on defence [REACT] Signs of hope for the Tories include the number of their 2019 voters coming back to them. In recent weeks one in five would now vote Labour but this week it has dropped to 17 percent. But the Conservatives are still picking up less than half (48 percent) of 2016 Leave voters despite being the main pro-Brexit party. Almost three in ten (29 percent) now intend to vote Labour. Labour leads the Conservatives in all age groups and with younger voters (18-to-34-year-olds) account for more than half (54 percent) of all voting intentions. The only socio-economic group where the Conservatives lead is high earners but even there the split is 39 percent to 37 percent against Labour.