I suspect some of you will probably disagree, but it still annoys me how many people tell us we can “save the world” by controlling climate change – and that we can do just that if we all drive electric cars and ditch our gas boilers in favour of heat pumps. Last week’s scare story was based on a study by Bristol University and a “global water risk modelling leader” called Fathom. It involved maps showing where the UK is most at risk of flooding in the future. These include the North West and South East of England, central Scotland and South Wales and major cities. Flood damage already costs the UK £700million a year. And the warning was that flooding will increase by a quarter over the next century unless countries achieve the net zero targets they agreed at Cop26 in 2021. Well, yes, it may do. But the climate will change as it always has. We won’t stop that but we should learn to live with it. Flooding has been an issue for decades, yet we never seem to do much about it. We allow building on floodplains, concrete over our front gardens and cut down swathes of trees. And we still build houses that don’t take weather changes into account. If developers continue to insist on building in areas prone to flooding, then frankly they need to make their homes floodproof for starters. Yes, there are other things that make sense, like keeping our planet cleaner, massively reducing the use of plastic and stopping the unnecessary packaging of everything. Indeed, it would be a great idea if we became slightly more intelligent about everything. Telling us we can change the climate won’t make a difference. And the idea that simply everybody is going to be driving an electric car in the next 10 years is barmy. How will we be able to travel long distances? Where will we all find somewhere to recharge our batteries and what are we going to do with all the old batteries when they have ended their life? I don't get all the fuss about Boris Johnson nominating his father Stanley for a knighthood. I’m only sad that he apparently forgot to stick my name on the list! When he was Mayor of London, he filled in for me (very successfully) on my radio show. As our picture shows, Stanley was out there backing his boy when he needed it, so this is just Boris saying thank you. If I rose to the heights of prime minister and was allowed to nominate people for gongs, I’m sure I’d end up honouring friends and family too. So if you want to make a difference and decide who becomes a Lord or a Lady, get yourself elected PM and stop moaning about it. I’d like to thank everyone who has been so nice about my podcast with Lady W on living with cancer. We certainly didn’t expect the response we’ve been lucky enough to receive. It’s been quite humbling. Hopefully, it may have given some solace to others facing similar challenges. I’d especially like to thank everyone who has written to me, care of the Daily Express. It really is moving to hear your opinions on the column. Please keep them coming. Talking of strong opinions, I’m cheered to see the Government seems as though it is going to try to stop those small boats arriving. And not before time. For far too long we have, to all appearances, outsourced migration and asylum policy to people traffickers and troublesome lawyers. Ministers need to take charge. Yes, it is a hugely emotive subject. The fact that Labour is nowhere on this issue tells you everything you need to know about Sir Keir Starmer. If you can’t give your old mates a plug in your column, what can you do? Matt Goss’s career has changed dramatically since setting female hearts aflame with brother Luke as Bros in the Eighties with songs like When Will I Be Famous? Matt has spent 11 years in Las Vegas with a residency at Caesars Palace but has now returned to live in the UK. And on Wednesday, he’ll be starting his UK tour at the Royal Albert Hall with The Matt Goss Experience, featuring the music of Cole Porter with the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra. It will be an amazing evening and I will be there so, if you haven’t got anything planned for that evening, grab some tickets and come along. Unsurprisingly, as someone with cancer, I visit hospital quite regularly and the furore over gender neutrality and the like in the NHS never fails to amuse and astonish me. Thank goodness our medical staff are the best in the world, because some of the managers clearly aren’t much cop! A couple of weeks ago, I went for my regular scans and was asked quite seriously by a young lady if I was pregnant (apparently they have to ask everyone). Then when I went for an electrocardiogram, I was asked if I needed to have a chaperone in the room. Who in the NHS hierarchy is suggesting all this rubbish? I’d love to meet them and ask why common sense can’t trump ideology? Still, at least when you’re having treatment for cancer, it gives you something to chuckle about.