Jonnie made a special appearance in Manchester on Sunday, and he let his fans know ahead of the event that he was anticipating an extremely early start. Sharing an outfit photo on Instagram, he explained: "It’s an early start and as I’m not fit enough to run for the train atm I’m prepping the night before!" The picture revealed a painstakingly created wardrobe selection, from a denim shirt and matching blue woollen jacket to a chic cap and smart pair of trousers. "Cold weather calls for wool, wool, and more wool!" he added. READ NOW: Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint Meanwhile, the brave star, who is soldiering on despite having recently needed to carry a portable oxygen chamber around with him, revealed he'd be reuniting with former co-star Jasmine Harman. "It’s also a rare thing for @jasmineharman and myself to both be there on a Sunday so please come along and we’ll hopefully see you there!" he urged his 157,000 Instagram devotees. Jonnie was delighted to be appearing at the event, billed as Manchester's largest ever overseas property exhibition. The show gave fans the opportunity to meet the presenters themselves in person while browsing the exhibitions and seminars and fantasising about their dream homes in the sunshine. Everyone from estate agents to overseas tax specialists were there to arm potential purchasers with all the information they might need. Fans flooded Jonnie with praise for his courageous return to the world of A Place in the Sun, urging him to wrap up warmly as he endured a near miss with the Beast from the East. @chris.salt12 affectionately warned: "It's gonna be the coldest day of March tomoz, according to the weatherman, so get wrapped up, mate, don't want you catching owt and hampering your recovery." (sic) He added: "Please look after yourself Jonnie, we all need you to stay with us." DON'T MISS... Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’ [LATEST] Kate Garraway shares horrendous costs of Derek's care [DETAILS] Matt Hancock no longer in I'm A Celeb WhatsApp group, says Babatunde [INSIGHT]  @fairylights_25 chimed in: "It's going to go really chilly. Wool is the best, works for sheep!!" The triumphant comeback was meaningful for Jonnie as he'd been forced to leave his presenting role after more than 18 years due to his cancer diagnosis. It hadn't been a choice he'd personally made, but had proved to be essential under the circumstances. "Much loved by everyone on the production, no stone was left unturned in trying to enable Jonnie to continue his international filming with us during Covid but the production company were unable to secure adequate insurance cover for him," A Place in the Sun revealed at the time. The official statement on Jonnie's plight continued: "Whilst we were unable to continue to film abroad with him, we’re delighted that he was able to remain as part of our team in the UK for exhibitions. "We of course understand how frustrating this must be for him at this incredibly difficult time." Jonnie shared footage of the successful show on his Instagram account, including recordings from the Hub stage. He has been married to his wife Jessica since 2016 and they share three children: Rex, four, and two-year-old twins Rafa and Cormac.