Dirt and grime are difficult to hide on metal taps and need constant cleaning to keep them under control. But some stubborn deposits like limescale can linger even after being wiped down and can seem impossible to get rid of. However, according to experts, all you need is white vinegar to get instant results.  Tap handles can gather germs after every use, as can the faucet. Keeping both clean is essential for a hygienic bathroom, but will only work if you use the right ingredients. To prevent hard water deposits, limescale and other debris from building up, cleaning experts recommended using distilled white vinegar in place of strong bleach products. Jennifer Parnell, co-founder of Humble Suds said: "If your fixture can withstand the acidity of vinegar, it is the best option for cleaning your faucet head." Not only can it target mineral deposits like calcium and magnesium, but also has antibacterial properties. READ MORE: 8 things to ‘avoid’ cleaning with white vinegar - ‘damages’ appliances To clean the underside of your tap, the most effective method is to leave the strong condiment to soak for around one hour. While it is an effective remedy for stainless steel and porcelain, it is important to avoid using it on chrome finishes, according to Jennifer. She warned that it can "eat the finish right off" if left on nickel, gold, or brass for more than just 30 minutes. However, it is generally safe to use on almost any other surface to "remove hard water deposits and mineral buildup" like limescale. Don't miss... Keep mice out homes with ‘amazing’ 80p kitchen item - ‘they hate it’ [REVEAL] I tried Kärcher’s ‘top of the range’ steam cleaner - thoughts [REVIEW] ‘I’m a professional cleaner - try my shower method or miss out' [INSIGHT] To try this cleaning hack at home, you will need: Start by filling the plastic bag with equal amounts of water and vinegar. READ MORE: £1 ‘miracle’ item to remove ‘stubborn’ stains from walls ‘easily’ A zip-lock sandwich bag should be big enough for this, as long as it is durable and full enough to fully submerge the faucet. Put the liquid-filled bag over the tap spout and secure it with the rubber band. Leave the acidic mixture to sit for between 30 minutes and one hour before removing it. According to Jennifer, you can add a few tablespoons of baking sofa to the mixture before soaking for "extra cleaning power." Once it has been soaked, scrub the loose debris with the toothbrush and wipe clean with a cloth for added shine. If the area around the taps is what's bothering you, simply soak the toothbrush in undiluted white vinegar and get scrubbing. This is best for the base of the taps and handles, though you can swap a brush for a cloth to focus on the flat edge of the taps. Regularly cleaning the faucet and handles should keep hard water deposits, along with mould, mildew, and germs at bay. Speaking to Martha Stewart, Jennifer noted that this "should be part of your weekly cleaning routine."