Last year, the whole of Europe showed their support for Ukraine in their battle against Russia’s invasion by voting for their entry Kalush to become Eurovision winner with their song Stefania. Usually, the triumphant country will then host next year’s song contest but due to the ongoing war second place UK stepped in on their behalf. The 2023 competition’s final is set to take place in Liverpool on May 13 and another British artist is due to compete after Sam Ryder won everyone over with Space Man last year. Two years ago, the UK’s James Newman came bottom with Embers on nil poi, only for Britain to make a sensational comeback with Ryder’s second place in 2022. The Tiktok star went on to perform the track at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert having made his country proud, but could we actually win this time around? Not since Katrina and the Waves’ Love Shine a Light in 1997 has this happened, but maybe 2023 is the year. And now the UK’s entry for this year has been announced. This morning on BBC Radio Two's The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show, Mae Muller was announced as the UK's entry with her original track I Wrote A Song. The 25-year-old appeared on the programme overflowing with excitement admitting: "I’ve known for like two months!" “It’s Eurovision, you’ve got to go big and this is honestly such a level up from anything I’ve done before…and it’s just going to be the biggest dance party ever!” She added that Ryder had chatted with her yesterday and had been incredibly supportive of her. READ MORE: Eurovision viewers left 'sobbing' after BBC airs Liverpool's trailer According to Daily Mail's source: "Mae is an extraordinary talent and there is little doubt that she will do the country proud and hopefully replicate the success and euphoria that Sam brought to last year's competition. "A lot of time and effort has gone into picking the best singer for the job, she might not be a household name yet and of course the people who selected her are expecting people to ask who she is but they think the nation will love her, as will those across Europe." Meanwhile, The Sun reports that the 25-year-old will perform in Liverpool on May 13 with her female empowerment banger, I Wrote A Song after being hand-picked by BBC bosses. Mae, whose real name is Holly Mae Muller, has had chart success both in the UK and US and has worked with the likes of Little Mix, Aitch and Sigala. Back in 2021 here singer Better Days featured Neiked and Pop G, peaked at No 32 in the UK and she performed it on Jimmy Fallon. She will be Britian's first female entry since SuRie in 2018. Before beginning her music career, Muller attended the £27,000 a year Fine Arts college in Hampstead North London with the likes of Madonna and Guy Richie's son Rocco and Brooklyn Beckham. Her musical inspirations include Lily Allen, Gwen Stefani and Florence and the Machine.