Cain Dingle (played by Jeff Hordley) decides he should stay as far away from son Kyle as possible in upcoming scenes. Emmerdale fans know Cain is locked in a custody battle with Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) but next week, he will decide it's best if Kyle moves away. Actor Jeff has explained Cain has an "epiphany" about his son's future. Things takes a turn next week when there's a violent altercation between Kyle and Carl King. Nicola King (Nicola Wheeler) threatens to call the police on Kyle, which leaves Amy horrified. Cain is quick to blame Amy for Kyle's behaviour but both plead with Nicola not to get the police involved. Eventually, Amy is able to get Nicola to relent, which leaves Cain feeling guilty. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection The village hard man thinks the village believe Kyle's violence is a reflection of his parenting and tells Moira Barton (Natalie J Robb) they need to let him go. Moira’s horrified Cain views himself as a malign influence on Kyle and doesn’t just want to give Amy full custody of his son. However, Cain persists and tells Amy to move away with Kyle to give him a chance to start again. Moira is heartbroken as she tells Cain he's making a big mistake. Speaking about the storyline, actor Jeff admitted there was "a lot of self-loathing on Cain's part". "He knows that he flies off the handle," the Emmerdale star said. "Kyle is witnessing this constantly, and now he’s starting to hit out at people." He added to TvTimes: "Cain thinks: ‘Maybe that’s down to me.’ It’s a big moment for Cain to admit that to himself." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale’s Naomi Walters puts Charles’ temper to the test with ambush [SPOILERS]Emmerdale break-in leaves beloved villager fearing for their life [SPOILER]Emmerdale fans 'predict' Chas Dingle's exit as Paddy heals [THEORY] Jeff shared Cain is determined to get things right for his family. However, he admits his moral compass "isn't set in the right way" and "his reasoning is sometimes a bit off". Elsewhere in the village, Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins) suffers a setback when she heads on a night out with Ethan Anderson (Emile John). Victoria wants to set Ethan up but soon realises the prospective man, Sean, is actually into her and she slowly lets her guard down with him. But soon a breathless Victoria has a panic attack when Sean suggests they share a cab home. Victoria suffers flashbacks to what happened with Lee on the last big night out. Will she be able to move on and potentially start a romance with Sean? Emmerdale airs weekdays on ITV at 7.30pm.