Sunday night’s Oscars ceremony wasn’t just about the awards and humorous monologues provided by Jimmy Kimmel as it also provided the platform for Disney-owned ABC to share a first look at its latest projects. Melissa McCarthy and Halle Bailey entered the action to deter attention away from the award-giving to promote the new film The Little Mermaid, but it’s safe to say awards fans weren’t best pleased. “It’s been an extraordinary experience, a dream come true for me,” Halle said as she beamed alongside her co-star on the Oscars stage. Halle will take on the lead role of Ariel in the reboot while Melissa will portray none other than the iconic Ursula. The Ariel star added: “It has been such an honour stepping into the iconic role of Ariel. “We are so excited to give you a first look at our upcoming film. Coming to theatres May 26.” READ MORE: Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose The trailer was unfurled and included all the signature moments from The Little Mermaid editions of decades gone by - from musical numbers to jaw-dropping scenery. However, with the trailer taking up a fair chunk of proceedings during the evening, some fans weren’t happy. Taking to Twitter, Bettye Griffin said: “What's with the commercials within the Oscar show? “First for The Little Mermaid and then for Warner Brothers (and I didn't even glimpse Bette Davis in the latter...wasn't she their biggest star?)? #Oscars #Oscars2023.” Elsewhere, Mark Arnold fumed: “The #Oscars telecast is long enough. Didn't really need a Little Mermaid commercial during the middle of it #AcademyAwards2023.” And Cynthia Wendt hit out: “If #Oscars runs out of time, blame the Little Mermaid.” Meanwhile, Matthew Liedke poked fun at proceedings, pointing out: “Play them off! “We need to speed this up! Oh, but we’ll show the Little Mermaid trailer and WB ad. Duh. #Oscars.” Don't miss... Oscars fans fume at Angela Bassett ‘snub’ as she looks gutted by loss [LATEST] Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [LATEST] Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [LATEST] While Daniel S Levine was displeased: “Everyone loves Michael J. Fox, but apparently, we needed a Little Mermaid trailer more than seeing him receive an Oscar. #Oscars And Heather Bosch commented: “#Oscars not a fan of the Disney commercial for upcoming Little Mermaid movie during the Oscar presentation. “Seems unfair to give it an intro by two stars on the Oscar stage as if it were a nominee before it’s even out. C’mon ABC.” Away from the “advert” for The Little Mermaid, fans were pleased to see some of the biggest names and films in Hollywood recognised. Brendan Fraser gave a tearful speech as he took to the stage to accept the Best Actor Oscar for his role in The Whale. And Michelle Yeoh gave a triumphant speech after bagging the Best Actress gong for Everything Everywhere All at Once. Everything Everywhere All at Once was the night’s biggest winner, claiming the Best Picture gong also while Michelle’s fellow stars Ke Huy Quantizing and Jamie Lee Curtis also secured wins. The Oscars are available to stream on Sky and NOW now.