On February 28, 2023, Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales stepped out in Port Talbot, Wales and met several members of the public. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Kate's Queenly yet attentive behaviour. With years of royal practise, it seems that Kate Middleton has totally honed the art of connection with the public during walkabouts. Judi stated: "From her open-mouthed, congruent smiles and salutary waves to her rather besotted-looking gaze at a baby that will be guaranteed to get William claim his wife is getting ‘broody’, Kate seems to have raised her game still further in Wales to create a very natural, modern queen-like presence." Despite being exceptionally busy and with so many royal fans to greet, Kate manages to make everyone she comes into contact with feel special. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's close friend is a 'much younger royal' Judi observed an extremely sweet moment where Kate spent some time with a little baby she just met. "She seems to be more relaxed about connecting directly with the individuals in the crowds and this pose with the baby shows one of those moments. "Although she will be under pressure to connect with as many people as possible during a walkabout like this, her total attention seems to be on the baby in that moment, with a very gently hand on the baby’s head plus a forward lean of her own head and a warm eye gaze." Mum-of-three Kate is an absolute natural with children and always likes to give them attention when she's out and about. Indeed, there have been several times the Princess has engaged in adorable conversations with kiddies, about plaiting Charlotte's hair, her children's favourite food and teaching Prince George how to tie a tie. The expert continued: "When she bends to talk to some other children she looks equally unhurried, creating moments of actual engagement." She suggested that Kate is well-equipped for her transition from Princess to Queen Consort eventually. READ MORE: Meghan did not have 'genuine friendship' with important royal - claim "This skill of ‘connection’ will be important for her future role as Queen," Judi said. "It breaks the mould in terms of status signals and regal presence, but she retains the trick of making a visit from her seem ‘special’ and royal but also personal and genuinely friendly." The expert couldn't help but compare Kate with one particular late royal, who also made ordinary people feel special and listened. "Interestingly it was the Duke of Edinburgh who could also surprise with a similar skill when he was doing royal visits and walkabouts. "He might have only spent a few seconds with members of the crowd or guests but he made them count by making them feel unhurried and personal." He was often pictured beaming down at people or leaning in towards them to create a sense of rapport. "His trick involved searching, inquisitive eye contact and a cheeky grin, but Kate’s technique seems to involve touch plus smiles of genuine-looking, engaging warmth and friendliness."