The Metropolitan Police has named the woman and two young boys found dead at an address in southeast London. The police service identified the 47-year-old woman as Nadja De Jager, and the two young boys, aged nine and seven, as her sons Alexander and Maximus. Police have launched an investigation after their bodies were found on Thursday, March 9, inside a home on Mayfield Road, Belvedere. Officers from the Metropolitan Police and crews from the London Ambulance Service were called to the scene. Police said detectives are not currently seeking people in connection with the incident, and post-mortem examinations are yet to be conducted. A crime scene was erected on Thursday, and the property was sealed off this morning. Pictures from the scene showed a police van and forensics services stationed outside the three-bedroomed 1940s terraced house. Neighbours have spoken to the Daily Mail about the late mother and her children. One told the publication they used to see the boys "play happily in the garden". They said: "I didn't know her well, only to say hello to, but she was always smart and her kids were well looked after. "In the summer the boys would play happily in the garden." A Met Police spokesperson confirmed the family's next of kin have been informed, with Specialist Crime Command leading the investigation. They said: "Detectives are investigating following the deaths of three people at an address in south London. "Police were called at 11:50hrs on Thursday to concerns for the welfare of occupants at an address on Mayfield Road in Belvedere. "Officers and London Ambulance Service attended. At the scene, a 47-year-old woman and two boys, aged nine and seven, were found deceased inside the property. "Next of kin have been notified. Post-mortem examinations will be arranged in due course. The Met’s Specialist Crime Command is leading the investigation. "At this early stage, detectives are not actively seeking anyone else in connection with the investigation. A crime scene remains in place." A spokesman for the London Ambulance Service said: “We were called at 12.16pm yesterday (9 March) to reports of an incident on Mayfield Road, Belvedere. “We sent a medic in a fast response car and two incident response officers to the scene. “Sadly three people were pronounced dead at the scene.”