A teacher who kissed a child, put his hand in their shorts and sexually touched them, has been banned from every classroom in England. Benjamin Hacker admitted “sexually motivated” behaviour while working as the lead coach at a sports camp.   His school, which is not where the incident happened, responded quickly to the allegations in 2021 by suspending him and then firing the now 26-year-old. And now the Teaching Regulation Agency and the Secretary of State for Education have issued an indefinite prohibition order. This means Mr Hacker cannot teach in a school, sixth form, children’s home, or youth accommodation in England again. A report from the TRA states that Mr Hacker targeted a child, known as Person A in the document, because he wanted to have a sexual relationship with them. It said: “Mr Hacker admitted that he obtained the social media details and telephone number of Person A as he was attracted to [redacted] and wished to pursue a personal and sexual relationship with Person A. “Mr Hacker further admitted that the nature of the communication with Person A was of a personal and, at times, flirtatious nature. “Mr Hacker accepted that during this communication with Person A, he had made comments to Person A in respect of [redacted] physical appearance. "Mr Hacker admitted that during one particular message, he informed Person A that he wished to engage in sexual activity [redacted].” He was interviewed by police in September 2021 but they took no further action.  The report added: “Mr Hacker further accepted that he sent a picture of a nude male to Person A. “Mr Hacker accepted that he should not have engaged in a personal and sexual relationship with Person A as [redacted] was a child.” The report highlighted that although Mr Hacker’s actions did not occur at The Abbey School where he worked in Surrey, and did not involve one of the school’s pupils, the panel said they were “intrinsically linked” to his profession as a teacher.  They said that their decision to ban him from classrooms reflected the fact that he should have known the expectations of his role while a coach at Kings Foundation. The report went on to say: "The panel also considered that Mr Hacker had shown a lack of insight or remorse both during the school’s investigation and police interview. “The panel noted that there was no evidence to suggest that Mr Hacker had demonstrated a real understanding of what he had done wrong." The report concluded: “The findings of misconduct were serious and the conduct displayed would be likely to have a negative impact on the individual’s status as a teacher, potentially damaging the public perception of the profession. “The panel noted that Mr Hacker accepts this.” Surrey Live reports that formal action was taken by The Abbey School where Mr Hacker had worked since September 2019 with the teacher suspended the day after the school was informed.  A school spokesperson said: “We take the safeguarding of our children extremely seriously and have fully cooperated with all of the relevant agencies to deal with this matter appropriately, which took place outside of our school. “Although the investigation did not include any of our pupils, as soon as we became aware of the allegations we took swift action in accordance with our policies and procedures. “The individual is no longer employed at the school. Appropriate checks were made upon his appointment, with no issues identified.” Mr Hacker had also been employed as a lead coach at the Kings Foundation which held weekend programmes for children between 11 and 14 years of age, as well as sixth-form students on a Rookie Sports Leadership award. It was an individual under Mr Hacker’s supervision on this award that he admitted to trying to start a relationship with. 