Both benefits are payments handed out to older people by the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Eligibility for Attendance Allowance is dependent on someone being of state pension age in the UK. This benefit payment from the DWP is reserved for state pensioners who have a long-term health condition or disability. It is similar to payments, such as Personal Independence Payment (PIP) and Disability Living Allowance (DLA) which are for people of working age. Attendance Allowance helps cover the costs that arise from having a particular disability or long-term condition. It should be noted that not everyone who claims this payment gets the exact same amount from the DWP. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance How much someone gets from Attendance Allowance is dependent on the “severity” of their condition, according to the DWP. The Government department explains on its website that someone is eligible for Attendance Allowance if they “have a physical disability, a mental disability (including learning difficulties), or both”. Recipients must have needed financial help due to their condition for at least six months before applying for the benefit payment. The payment is delivered to claimants at two different rates, one higher and the other lower, upon assessment from the DWP. Those of state pension age are eligible for £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. Hypothetically, someone with a severe health condition or illness would get £369.60 from Attendance Allowance. Pensioners get paid directly into the bank or building society account in which they receive their state pension payments. Notably, Attendance Allowance recipients could also be entitled to additional support through Pension Credit or a Council Tax Reduction. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing All benefit payments from the DWP, including the state pension and Attendance Allowance, will be given a rate hike of 10.1 percent with the triple lock return. This is based on the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for September 2022 and is the current inflation rate today. Other disability benefit payments will also receive a similar rate boost from the DWP, including PIP. Those on Attendance Allowance will see their payments increase to £247.40 for the lower weekly rate and £406.92 for the higher rate. On its website, Age UK offers advice to those who have not been successful in their application for Attendance Allowance. The charity stated: “If your application is turned down, call the Age NI Advice and Advocacy Service to ask whether you should challenge the decision. Look at all the common care needs below - did you miss any out? “Remember that your needs may change and increase, so even if you are not eligible for Attendance Allowance now, you may be able to claim successfully in the future.” The changes to Attendance Allowance will take effect from April 2023.