Meghan Markle has once again been mocked by a top US comedy show as Saturday Night Live has become the latest to take a swipe at the Duchess of Sussex. Comedian Michael Che joked that Meghan was being offered "$19 an hour" to attend the Coronation as a graphic of the Duchess dressed as a maid appeared behind him. The segment has so far been lapped up by viewers. Appearing on SNL on Saturday night, Che said: "It was reported that the organisers of King Charles' Coronation have officially invited Meghan Markle. "And this is nice: at a starting salary of $19-an-hour." The studio audience erupted in shocked laughter as viewers at home said the segment was hilarious. Posting on Twitter, Veanna Flores said: "This is hilarious." Other viewers also responded with cry-laughing emojis and claps. A Reddit user also shared the cip and said: "YA’LL! Hollywood is laughing at them." But not everyone was too impressed with the segment. Twitter user Charmie May said: "Notice how Michael Che is not funny and he never has been? Especially tonight with his trashy cheap shot 'Meghan' joke - not funny - just getting used to insult a black women. "Apologize & retract. But it’s unforgivable. It’s not even funny! Just rude." READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'in despair' after being left NOTHING from Queen The SNL swipe at Meghan Markle is the latest in a series of viral jokes made at the expense of the Sussexes. The popular comedy cartoon South Park shredded the royal couple in a brutal parody episode. The show depicted a fictional Canadian prince and princess endlessly appearing on TV and shouting through megaphones while on a "worldwide privacy tour". A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said the episode was "boring and baseless" after it was reported that the Sussexes were "upset and overwhelmed" by the show. Don't miss... Harry and Meghan's fate foreshadowed by past royal evictions [INSIGHT] Coronation threat as top royals not 'bothered' about Coronation [LATEST] Harry and Meghan enter 'unchartered territory' over celebrity ridicule [ANALYSIS] The South Park episode marked Hollywood's first major jab at Harry and Meghan, who appeared almost untouchable in the US before the release of their Netflix docu-series and the Duke's memoir Spare. Comedian Chris Rock shortly followed South Park with a hilarious rant about Meghan in his latest Netflix special. Speaking about her accusations of racism against the Royal Family, Rock said "It’s the Royal Family. You didn’t Google these motherf****rs? What the f**k is she talking about, ‘She didn’t know?' "That’s like marrying into the Budweiser family and going, ‘They drink a lot.’" Harry and Meghan have not revealed whether they plan to attend King Charles' Coronation on May 6, but a spokesperson confirmed they had received an invite. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews