Rishi Sunak has praised “encouraging signs” of the green shoots of recovery after the economy bounced back last month. The Prime Minister said confidence was returning after growth figures showed an 0.3 percent rise in January – the first growth in six months and at its fastest pace since June.  He insisted the result confirmed his plan to bring down inflation, reduce debt and grow the economy was working. And he vowed he would make tax cuts when he could, saying: “Over time, I’ve been very clear my ambition is to cut people’s taxes.” Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said it showed “the UK economy has proved more resilient than many expected”. The January economy growth followed a 0.5 per cent decline in gross domestic product (GDP) in December, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). Growth had been flat in the three months to January, as the UK narrowly avoided falling into a recession at the end of last year. The biggest driver behind the upturn came from the services sector, which grew 0.5 per cent after a fall of 0.8 per cent in December.  Mr Sunak said the figures, along with other recent data, showed the “underlying fundamentals” of the economy were strong. The January figure was revealed by the Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), a study used by economists to monitor private sector growth, revealed growth in January. Fewer strikes are helping the economy too. Mr Sunak said: “I think the underlying fundamentals of the economy are strong, I really do. If you look at some of the things that have been coming out in the last month, construction, PMI, they’re all showing encouraging signs that things are better than people had feared, that sentiment is improving, confidence is returning. "That is partly a function of the plans that we’ve put in place, having stabilised the economy in the autumn, and it was an important first step.” He added: “You’re seeing borrowing costs coming down, mortgage rates are coming down, those are all positive signs. “They show our plan is working, that it’s the right one, and we need to stick to it.”  Mr Hunt’s spring Budget on Wednesday will set out the Government’s plan to stimulate economic growth. The Chancellor said: “In the face of severe global challenges, the UK economy has proved more resilient than many expected, but there is a long way to go. “Next week, I will set out the next stage of our plan to halve inflation, reduce debt and grow the economy – so we can improve living standards for everyone.” Mr Sunak said the “number one economic priority” was reducing the burden on the cost of living. He added: “That means halving inflation is critical because I want it to stop being the case that people are opening up their bills every week, every month, and see them going up at such a rate. “That’s why our plan to reduce inflation is so critical. Inflation, as Margaret Thatcher described it, is the worst tax of all.  “Inflation is a regressive tax and at the moment that’s what’s causing everyone the problem, so actually it’s right we focus on reducing inflation. “I’m confident the Budget will help us meet our priorities to halve inflation, reduce debt and grow the economy.” The education sector helped drive up GDP as children returned to classrooms after an unusually high number of absences in the run-up to Christmas, the ONS said. Transport and storage also returned to growth as postal services began to recover from the effect of December’s strikes. December’s GDP figures were affected by rail and mail walkouts and declining output in the entertainment sector as Premier League football took a break for the World Cup. January’s figure beat analysts’ prediction that the economy would eke out 0.1 per cent growth in the month. ONS director of economic statistics, Darren Morgan, said: “The economy partially bounced back from the large fall seen in December.  “Across the last three months as a whole and, indeed over the last 12 months, the economy has, though, showed zero growth.” Julian Jessop, of the Institute of Economic Affairs, urged the Chancellor to use the Budget to encourage growth and avoidmore taxes. He said: “Any growth is welcome, but the 0.3 per cent increase in economic activity in January is little to cheer. “The rebound failed to reverse the 0.5 per cent fall in December, meaning that output is still lower than it was in October or November. The UK economy remains on the edge of recession, with the full impact of last year’s interest rate hikes yet to be felt. “The Chancellor should use all of his fiscal firepower in next week’s Budget to support households and businesses, rather than snuff out the recovery with more tax increases.” CBI lead economist Ben Jones said: “The slight rebound in growth at the start of the year wasn’t altogether surprising, given the sharp drop in December.  “But activity is likely to be subdued in the near term, given the headwinds of high inflation, still-high energy prices and rising interest rates. However, sentiment is improving, and business leaders are hopeful of a more stable operating environment later this year.” He added: “The Government should use the forthcoming budget to overcome the prevailing economic headwinds by tackling the barriers holding firms back. “This includes solving labour shortages by reforming childcare and helping bring more working parents back into the workforce, as well as finding a replacement to the super deduction ahead of the planned six-point increase in Corporation Tax.” However, financial analyst Danni Hewson, of stockbrokers AJ Bell, sounded a note of caution. She said: “In spite of an overall positive picture, there was a drop in real estate activity as a cooling housing market put potential buyers off making decisions until the fog clears.  “That uncertainty was also played out in the construction sector with housebuilding down and infrastructure projects popped on to back burners. “Today’s positive update disguises the fact that in reality, things are flatlining. “It’s a conundrum for the Chancellor and his Budget. Without growth there is no money to spend, but without spending there might not be any growth.” 