Prince Harry is "delusional" for demanding an apology from his brother and father, according to one royal commentator. Kinsey Schofield's comments follow reports that Prince Harry is hoping for a sit-down chat with his family before King Charles’s coronation in May. "I don’t think Prince William or King Charles will make any special arrangements to have a private discussion with Prince Harry prior to the coronation because the word ‘private’ has become increasingly debatable in the Sussex space," Kinsey Schofield, host of the "To Di For Daily" podcast, told Fox News Digital. The royal commentator continued: "Over the weekend, reports surfaced that Harry intends to add a new chapter to [his memoir] ‘Spare’ for the paperback print edition. "What would that content consist of? Perhaps a controversial closed-door conversation with his brother and father prior to one of the most historic events this generation has seen? I think the royal family is smarter than that and focused on the future of the monarchy." Schofield continued: "Harry is under the delusion that he is the only one owed an apology. William and Kate are owed an apology. "Meghan and Harry have gone out of their way to tarnish the images of William and Catherine... The Sussexes were free. They found their freedom. Instead of using their freedom to dedicate their lives to service as they promised... they have dedicated their lives to settling old scores." READ MORE: Two Royal Family members 'appalled' by Charles's decision to evict Harry and Meghan Speculation has swirled around whether the Sussexes will attend the king and his wife Camilla, Queen Consort's crowning on May 6 at London’s Westminster Abbey. Charles and William are believed to have no intention of apologising to Harry ahead of the Coronation. William is reportedly "incandescent" with rage, in particular about how his wife, the Princess of Wales, has been treated in the Duke's tell-all memoir, Spare. A source, who is said to be a friend of the family, told MailOnline: "I hear William has no intention whatsoever of apologising and remains incandescent, especially around the way his wife, the Princess of Wales, has been treated." DON'T MISSWoman, 20, raped and strangled by gang member [LATEST]Man 'bound' woman in his van and threatened to kill her [REPORT]Plane averted after 'terrifying' close call [INSIGHT] Another source told the Mirror: "There is still a huge amount of ill will boiling over in the family." Harry is critical of his family at various points throughout his memoir, recounting at one point a fraught exchange with William at his London home in 2019 which results. Harry says William called Meghan “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, which Harry calls a “parrot[ing of] the press narrative” about his American wife. The confrontation then turned physical, Harry writes, when William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and … knocked me to the floor”. READ MORE: Piers Morgan stunned as King Charles 'throws Meghan and Harry out of Frogmore Cottage' Harry also claims William confronted Meghan after she suggested Kate had a "baby brain". What's more, the Duke also makes a number of controversial claims about his stepmother and father's wife, Queen Consort Camilla. Harry claimed his stepmother posed a danger because of the need to "rehabilitate her image" after being referred to as "the third person" in Princess Diana's marriage to Charles. The revelations appear to have dented the Sussexes' popularity in the US, with a recent poll showing their approval ratings have nosedived. Prince Harry has a -10 approval rating in the US, and Meghan's approval rating sits at -17, according to the Redfield & Wilton poll of 2,000 eligible voters for Newsweek. Despite being rocked by scandal, Prince Andrew even fared better, with Americans giving him an approval rating of -2.