Arsenal legend Martin Keown believes Gabriel Martinelli is more of a natural goalscorer than Gabriel Jesus. The former defender is adamant Martinelli's best position is as a central striker. Jesus is close to a return to action after being pictured in training this week. The Brazilian has been on the sidelines since suffering a knee injury at the World Cup. Martinelli has been given his chance up front in recent matches, with Eddie Nketiah and Leandro Trossard struggling with injuries of their own. He is the Gunners' leading goalscorer in the Premier League this term as they hunt their first title since 2004. Martinelli was the only fit striker for the Europa League last-16 first leg at Sporting Lisbon on Thursday. And Keown was certainly looking forward to seeing him play. He noted how the 21-year-old has enjoyed most of his success from the left. But he thinks playing centrally is where he will end up eventually.  Read more... Man Utd takeover hopeful Sheikh Jassim 'could ditch bid' [LATEST] Keown said on BT Sport: "I believe, strongly believe, that he's a natural goalscorer. And I would have thought actually the central position is his natural position. "But from the left, we now get inside forwards. We saw this with [Mohamed] Salah and [Sadio] Mane, particularly when they played together as a pair, just tucking in, because Saka's doing the same thing. So they get a bit more freedom. "But put him in the middle and he will score goals. I think he's about to prove that tonight. He's got everything in his game." Keown was then quizzed about whether Martinelli has more of a nose for goals than the returning Jesus. And Jesus may not like the pundit's response as he will soon attempt to earn a place back in Arteta's team.  Don't miss... Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'picks favourite between' Kane and Osimhen [REPORT] Roy Keane 'perfect' for Man Utd job as pundit backed for crazy return [QUOTES] De Jong 'makes feelings clear' on joining Man Utd due to Casemiro [TRANSFERS] Keown responded: "I do, without doubt. Watch out for his movement tonight, where he sniffs out opportunities. "He's definitely a player on the move whenever the ball comes into the box. He's never stood still, always on the move, very difficult to play against. "And I do feel that is his natural position. He's not necessarily a player you can go into and bounce things off. "But when the ball is in wide positions, his movement's fantastic. Pace is an ingredient which frightens defenders to death and he has pace in abundance. So that's what he's got now to be a top player. It's all in front of him." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 