X Factor was created by Simon Cowell and ran from 2004 to 2018 and created stars such as One Direction, Little Mix, JLS, Leona Lewis, James Arthur and Alexandra Burke. The competition could be making a spectacular comeback in the name of charity with a one-off special for Comic Relief. The return of the show supposedly will come back with a slight twist as it is set to bring together some of the most iconic contestants from its time. Creating the special to raise money for Comic Relief, Dermot O'Leary is alleged to be leading a group of past show stars to record a one-off single. Icons such as Honey G, Chico, and Stevi Ritchie are all said to be taking part, according to The Sun. It has also been claimed that host Dermot has already filmed some segments with Honey G, reuniting with the unique act. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers A source told The Sun: "The X Factor has been off air for five years so what better time to bring back some of their most controversial acts? "Comic Relief has created a band out of some of the singers and have put X Factor host Dermot front and centre. "They spent this week ringing some of the show’s past performers and are enlisting the most memorable from the cast. "It is the ultimate mega-mix of talent and they’ve got a real catchy hit in the works," explained the source. Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for a comment. Rumours of the one-off special come after reports claimed that X Factor could be set for a full return in 2024 after bosses struck a deal with Channel 5 for a new series. Show creator Simon Cowell previously claimed that "the time is right" to bring back the talent competition which ended in 2018. Talking with the aforementioned publication, he shared: "I would only do it again if we could go back to where the show started. Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] "If we could find some great people and create those TV moments that live forever". A source told the Daily Star: "As soon as X Factor was up for grabs, there was interest from a number of the networks. "X Factor is one of the most iconic shows in TV history, so it’s no surprise lots of channels were keen. The production company had their pick. After a lot of meetings, execs decided to go with Channel 5." Simon's friend and former X Factor guest judge Sinitta recently revealed that he had also been in contact with her to return to the show, and teased some new concepts. She told Daily Mail: "I'm so excited about it and I have spoke to Simon and I think it would be great for it to come back. I need to hear more. "He was kind of like, 'We'll talk next week,' so I don't know if he was just being evasive or if he was genuinely busy but I was like, 'Let's talk, what's going on?'" "I think talent needs to be showcased, needs to be discovered. They need the help and it's a great platform if it can be done again in a modern way maybe online so that the world can join. "I personally think online would be amazing. I think for it to be live streamed online to make it interactive and international would be incredible because that's the way the world is now, yeah." Comic Relief 2023 airs Friday, March 17 from 7pm on BBC One.