Kicking off the show the ladies were keen to discuss and present their thoughts on the row that broke out over the weekend between football presenter and pundit Gary Lineker and the BBC. Whilst Janet admitted that she agreed with the things that Gary had posted on his Twitter account, she explained that she thought his recent statement was "cocky". Gary was suspended from his presenting duties on Match of the Day after expressing his thoughts on the government's latest immigration bill. The fallout from his suspension saw his colleagues, such as Ian Wright, Alan Shearer, Alex Scott and Mark Chapman, also pull out from their presenting duties in solidarity. BBC's Director General Tim Davie today apologised for suspending Gary and agreed on a peace deal and he will now present the FA Cup quarter-final coverage this weekend. Gary tweeted in celebration: "After a surreal few days, I'm delighted that we have navigated a way through this. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks "I want to thank you all for the incredible support, particularly my colleagues at BBC sport, for the remarkable show of solidarity. "However difficult the last few days have been, it simply doesn't compare to having to flee your home from persecution or war to seek refuge in a land far away. "It's heartwarming to have seen the empathy towards their plight from so many of you. We remain a country of predominantly tolerant, welcoming and generous people. Thank you." The Loose Women were keen to discuss the events of the past days, with Janet ranting: "I tend to think it is a typically British compromise in neither bloke losing face. "Because it was all about who was going to lose their face. I think that Tim Davie saying that his institution's view of the guidelines is fascinating because these are the guidelines that he only introduced two years ago." "So his own guidelines are going to be revitalised and reconfigured," Ruth interjected and commented: "Maybe that's because we have so many freelancers." However, Janet disagreed and added: "Has social media really changed that much over the last three years? I don't know. "But one thing I will say is that nobody comes out of this very well, the BBC looks defensive, and Gary looks cocky if you want my opinion. Don't miss... Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [LATEST] Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [WATCH] Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose [INSIGHT ] "He looks a little too pleased with himself, even though I noticed in his statement there is no real apology coming out of this but he thanks everyone for their 'incredible support'. "Particularly he colleagues for their show of solidarity and then adds in you know it doesn't compare to having to flee your home from persecution or seek refuge in a land far away. "So he is actually kind of more or less repeating what he said in the first place that caused the initial row. "And then he ends up with a little bit of obsequious 'I would like to thank Tim Davie for his understanding during this difficult period' Tim Davie didn't have a choice did he." Ruth continued: "Maybe that's just him saying you know we've talked, there has got to compromise here. "We probably don't know and never will know all the details but the fact is that he has always said he loves his job and wants to be presenting that." Janet concluded: "Gary is great at his job and I had agreed with everything Gary had said, I just think dragging in the Nazis was a bad idea full stop." Loose Women airs weekdays from 12:30pm on ITV1.