Former Manchester United and England star Kieran Richardson retired from football aged 33 to focus on his watch-selling business. The now-38-year-old, who also starred for Sunderland, Fulham and Aston Villa among others, boasts an impressive array of clients after first developing a love of watches at the age of 16. Richardson enjoyed a successful playing career after enjoying a break-through season with United in 2002/03. He made 81 appearances for the Red Devils over a five-year period, scoring 11 goals and winning the Premier League twice. He also won each of his eight England caps while at the club, making his last appearance for the Three Lions in 2006. He left Old Trafford to join Roy Keane at Sunderland in 2007 before enjoying stints with Fulham and Aston Villa. He retired in 2017 following a short spell at Cardiff City and a failed trial at Granada, deciding to focus on his watch-selling business instead. The former midfielder admits that his career as a footballer has helped him become more successful in the world of business with his clients feeling a stronger sense of trust before buying from him. "You have to make sure you trust your dealer,” he explained on The Steven Sulley Study. “I find with my background and who I am, people don't feel I'm going to rump them and run away with £100,000 because I don't need your £100,000. Just in... Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover U-turn, Richarlison lashes out [LIVE] "I get a lot of customers from the trust side and that's fine. I have a lot of clients but don't like to tell the big names - I don't want to open that can of worms, these watches are proper assets. I'm private. I have massive clients, trust me - it's different if they want to put it out there. I am thinking about people, not the pound notes. Safety.” Richardson has made some huge sales in the past with his biggest a Richard Mille coming in at around £1.7million. However, it was not like that to begin with and he explained he worked his way up to the big sales. "We all start somewhere,” he said. "When I first got into watches, I bought a Rolex for £14,000, then £18,000 then £21,000 then I made £3,000 on that watch. Don't miss... Rio Ferdinand rates Chelsea's chances of winning Champions League [ANALYSIS] Chelsea backed to hijack Man Utd deal to sign 'next Drogba' Osimhen [GOSSIP] Casemiro facing Man Utd suspension threat again in blow for Ten Hag [NEWS] "You get more confidence, you've got to get involved. Spend what you can afford, enjoy it, wear the watches, and collect, I know London can be unsafe, some buy them strictly as investments and leave them in a vault. Every day I'm learning, you have to know your products." Richardson has developed more of an interest for watching football after retirement and has gone back to supporting his boyhood team Arsenal despite the Gunners often being United’s closest rivals during his playing days. "I watch football so much now - I didn't watch it much as a footballer, I didn't really care,” he said. "Now as someone not playing, I enjoy being an Arsenal fan, I'm buying a season ticket next season.”