Evidence suggests apple cider vinegar could be good for blood sugar levels, which is great news for diabetics. Researchers at the University of Milan, Italy, subjected five healthy subjects to six test meals. Given in a random order, the meals consisted of 100g of sliced lettuce either drizzled with olive oil on its own, olive oil and vinegar, or olive oil, vinegar and baking soda. On three occasions, test meals were followed by 50g of white bread (which would spike blood sugar levels). Blood sugar (glucose) levels were measured before the meals and 95 mins post meals. The researchers noted that glucose response was depressed by 31.4 percent when vinegar was ingested. These study results suggested that a limited dose of vinegar, in the form of a salad dressing, sufficiently influenced the glycemic response in normal subjects. READ MORE: Dr Mosley says 'anti-inflammatory' snack could reduce risk of dying from cancer by 40% There are limitations to this study; firstly, the sample size is tiny, so the results can not be applied to a wider population. And secondly, the test meals were given to people who do not have type 2 diabetes. Diabetes UK says: "Avoiding refined carbs and sugar is by far the most effective and healthiest way to regulate blood sugar levels. "But indulging in apple cider vinegar could also be beneficial." Don't miss... The sweet drink that could lower blood sugar within 30 minutes [RESEARCH] Weight loss drug approved for diabetics has 'concerning' aspects [LATEST] Cholesterol-lowering food shown to slash blood sugar levels [STUDIES] Alternative research suggests that apple cider vinegar could contribute to weight loss. A research paper, published in the European Journal Of Clinical Nutrition, showcased how taking vinegar alongside a high-carb meal lead to increased feelings of fullness. By feeling full, a person is likely to consume less calories, which can result in weight loss alongside physical activity. Anybody hoping to achieve weight loss must burn off more calories than they consume within a day. READ MORE: The two fruity drinks that can help lower blood pressure - high in potassium As for heart health, researchers at Harbin Medical University, China, investigated the benefits of vinegar on the muscle. Using hypertensive mice models, they were given vinegar for eight weeks which was shown to reduce blood pressure. High blood pressure is one of the leading causes of strain on the heart, which can lead to a heart attack. These study results are limited, however, as the subjects were mice and not humans. Registered nutrionist Nicola Shubrook said: "Apple cider vinegar doesn’t really contain any vitamins or minerals, other than a very small amount of potassium, calcium and magnesium. "However, apple cider vinegar does also contain amino acids and antioxidants." While Shubrook recognises the research out there on the health benefits of apple cider vinegar, there is a lack of studies on the long-term effects. Anybody struggling with any particular health problem is best advised to speak to their doctor.