Over time, grease, soap scum and food debris can begin to build up, causing dishes and the kitchen to smell. Not only does this provide a breeding ground for germs and bacteria to thrive, it also reduces the efficiency of the appliance, meaning it’s extremely important to maintain a clean dishwasher. Dishwashers need to be cleaned regularly, but how often depends on how much it is used. If you’re using it every day, it’ll need to be cleaned around once a month to fully remove the gunk and grime. According to Currys, if you use your dishwasher more sparingly, giving it a thorough clean every two to three months should keep it running efficiently. There are various different ways to clean a dishwasher, but I recently opted to use white vinegar and a leftover lemon to clean mine. My lemon had started to go off but this didn’t matter as it could still clean the appliance. For the white vinegar, I used Wilko’s Original White Vinegar which is a 100 percent non-toxic cleaner. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening ‘mistakes’ to avoid this spring It retails for £1.50 for a one litre bottle, while a lemon can be picked up for as little as 20p from supermarkets. I decided to use this combination because white vinegar contains acetic acid, making it a great cleaner for dirt, grease and grime. It is also strong enough to kill bacteria and it won’t leave a vinegar scent in the appliance. Lemon juice is also acidic, helping to remove hard water spots as well as any limescale which could be in the appliance. I started by removing the filter which is located at the bottom of the dishwasher. I slightly twisted mine to the left and it came up straight away, but always refer to your manufacturer’s instructions if you are unsure of how to do this job. DON'T MISS:Five common lawn ‘mistakes’ to avoid making now [COMMENT]I used baking soda to clean discoloured bathroom grout in 30 minutes [VIDEO]‘Effective’ method to remove English ivy for good using 2 ingredients [EXPERT] The filter contained lots of grease and grime as well as food debris as it had been a long time since it was last cleaned. To clean the filter, I soaked it in hot soapy water, using washing up liquid to help soak off the sludge. I left it for five minutes to soak before I scrubbed it down with an old toothbrush I use for cleaning. A toothbrush is great for a variety of cleaning jobs as it is able to reach all of the nooks and crannies a sponge may not be able to reach. The gunk immediately became dislodged and I was able to clean it in around two minutes before placing it back into the dishwasher. READ MORE: Six effective methods to ‘deter’ foxes from your garden Then, I moved onto cleaning the inside of the dishwasher. To do this, I simply placed around half a cup of white vinegar in a dishwasher safe ramekin and placed this on the top shelf of my dishwasher. Next, I cut my lemon in half before slotting it into the appliance, placing half on the top shelf and another inside the cutlery holder. It is important to make sure the lemon is secured in place properly, so I used the prongs to make sure it wasn’t going to move during the wash cycle. I then set the dishwasher off for a hot wash on the longest cycle it can do, which took around two hours. Once the cycle had finished, I removed the ramekin and lemon from the dishwasher, allowing it to dry out fully by leaving the door open. My dishwasher was sparkling clean and my kitchen was full of a gorgeous lemon scent and it was so nice knowing my dishwasher was completely clean. The experts at Currys said: “Adding dishwasher salt to your dishwasher will stop limescale build up and improve cleaning performance. “To maintain your dishwasher once you’ve cleaned it, make sure to top up the dishwasher salt dispenser at the back of your machine.” Baking soda can also be used to clean the appliance, but soda crystals should be kept away from cleaning the dishwasher. According to the experts, this is because they can stop the dishwasher from working well, meaning Britons should avoid using this method.