More than 1,000 complaints of violence by policemen towards women and girls were lodged in one six-month period, shocking new figures reveal. First-of-its-kind data released by the National Police Chiefs’ Council show 653 internal "conduct cases" complaining of violence towards females were made against 672 individuals between October 2021 and March 2022.  There was a further 524 complaints made by members of the public against 867 officers in the same time period. The complaints related to various allegations including sexual harassment, discreditable conduct not in the execution of their duty, and sexual assault. Police leaders have vowed to release the statistics each year as part of efforts to tackle misogyny in policing in the wake of recent scandals including the barbaric kidnap, rape and murder of Sarah Everard by serving policeman Wayne Couzens and fellow Met monster Pc David Carrick being unmasked as one of the UK’s most prolific ever sex offenders. The NPCC said the figures, for all police forces in England and Wales equate to 0.7 percent of the total police workforce employed in March 2022.  Of the conduct cases, just under half (48 percent) related to discreditable conduct not in the execution of their duty, around a fifth (19 percent) were allegations of sexual assault, and 13 percent were accusations of sexual harassment. Among the complaints from the public, 63 percent were accusations over use of force, 9 per cent overbearing or harassing behaviour, and 6 percent sexual assault. Deputy Chief Constable Maggie Blyth, NPCC co-ordinator for violence against women and girls, said the report “reinforces the urgency and importance of our current mission to lift the stones and root abusers and corrupt individuals out of policing” but said she believed the drive to overhaul behaviour was already having a dramatic effect which would be reflected in the next statistics. She said: “The vast majority of officers and staff are professional and committed but I know it is shocking to hear about any potential predators in policing and that this can further shake fragile trust. “It’s important to be clear: data released today is intended to be a critical baseline for assessing police performance over time. It presents a picture from over a year ago rather than today.  “Over the past 18 months, police chiefs have focused on identifying wrongdoing in police ranks, strengthening misconduct investigations and toughening sanctions. “My expectation is that the impact of those changes will be evident when we publish our next assessment – with more women having the confidence to report concerns, more investigations underway, more cases closed and more sanctions and dismissals.” The NPCC said that between October 2021 and March 2022, more than 507,827 offences of violence against women and girls were recorded. Of these, 61 percent resulted in no criminal justice outcome. Ms Blyth said too many cases are closed because of evidential difficulties and victims withdrawing their support for a prosecution.  Domestic Abuse Commissioner Nicole Jacobs said: “Victims and survivors need to see that robust action is being taken by the police as confidence remains at an all-time low, and I welcome this report by the NPCC “It shows that forces are taking steps in the right direction to tackle perpetrators within the police as well as addressing sexism and misogyny within policing. “There is still a long way to go.” Farah Nazeer, the chief executive of the charity Women’s Aid, said only 6 per cent of the reported offences of violence against women and girls ended with a suspect being charged. She added: “These statistics have deeply worrying implications for women’s already low levels of trust in the criminal justice system.” 