Australian actor Rebel Wilson said Prince Harry was "lovely" while Meghan Markle was "not as cool" when she bumped into the royal pair in their hometown. Her remarks, made during an interview on Saturday night, have caused a frenzy on social media, with one user alleging that they were designed to "stir up hate". The actor and comedian's comments were not received well by a significant number of Americans on Twitter, with one user claiming she was looking for "cheap laughs" at the expense of the Duchess. Rebel explained that her mum had asked Meghan some "rude" questions when they met. User Lorraine King said: "Hold on. Rebel Wilson's mum asks Meghan Markle rude questions and now Rebel is prattling on about how Meghan wasn't 'naturally warm' to them. There's a lot to unpack here but let's start off with the fact that you can't expect someone to be welcoming when you are rude to them." Another with the name Roosh said: "The way Rebel Wilson first laughingly said that Meghan wasn't warm to her, jokingly setting the tone for some cheap laughs and anti-Meghan sentiments and then brought it up that her mom was rude to Meghan instead of speaking the other way round is peak caucasity." A third user said Rebel made the comments to intentionally stir up hatred towards the former Suits actress. They wrote: "Rebel Wilson said what she said, in the way that she said it with the intention of stirring up hate towards Meghan and amplifying this rhetoric that Harry is the nice guy and Meghan is the evil wife. It’s disgusting." Meanwhile, ChrisBaronSmith commented: "The way Rebel Wilson and her mom being rude to Meghan by her own admission, became the recipient of the rudeness not being cool is peak Karen." Another, with the name 'Burn', wrote: "Very strategic how she first made it sound like Meghan was standoffish for no reason. She could have led the conversation with how she may have not had a great first encounter because her mom was invasive." READ MORE: Prince Harry says 'broken home' made him 'perfect candidate' for army While speaking with Watch What Happens Live host Andy Cohen last night, Rebel spoke about the time she bumped into the royal couple. She said: "We went up to Santa Barbara, met Harry, he could not have been nicer." "Had you known them before?" Andy asked the actress. Rebel continued: "No we just had a mutual friend in common, a polo player. But then, Meghan was not as cool." The Pitch Perfect singer went on to explain her comments, adding that she believes her mum was being rude to the Duchess.      She said: "Meghan wasn’t as naturally warm, but then, maybe, my mum being Australian asked her all of these slightly rude questions, like 'Where are your kids?' "And I was like, 'Mum don’t ask her that!'"  Andy added: "Maybe that’s why she was a little stand-offish." "Maybe that’s why she was like, 'Who are these annoying convicts from Australia?'" Rebel laughed. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews