And while it may be a cry for help from some struggling to adjust to life after lockdown, they cannot be allowed to get away with antisocial behaviour. The flashpoint for these petulant protests appears to be the locking of lavatories during lesson times, meaning pupils have to sit through 40-minute lessons without going to the loo. If they couldn’t do that, they had to show a toilet pass or period note to go.  But the reality is toilets have become a de facto hangout zone, a “truancy bar” to bunk off lessons, vape and snog. And, frankly, not going to the loo for 40 minutes or so really isn’t a hardship. Being able to hold your bladder and focus in class is something a teenager should be able to do. Of course, if there is a real emergency pupils can go, but in reality, there are enough breaktimes and lunchtimes to get to theloo without going during lessons. I have every sympathy for teachers trying to control feral kids, but I also sympathise with those children who’ve suffered two years of disrupted education as a result of schools being unnecessarily closed for lockdowns. They became used to doing what they liked when they wanted to at home. Now it’s a shock to their systems to get back to class. No endless chatting on mobiles or exchanging selfies, now they have to sit still and listen. This is the reality. In the last two years, we have created a generation of unruly, unhappy, ill-disciplined children. They feel angry and hard done by, and perhaps I would too if I’d had two years taken from me. But such appalling behaviour cannot be excused even if it can be understood, and parents shouldn’t stand by and defend it either.It’s going to be a tough battle to get these children back on track. Clear guidelines around what behaviour is acceptable would be a good place to start – as would removing their mobile phones. If we don’t take tough action now these TikTok school riots will just be the start of even greater anarchy. Meghan and Harry have been issued with an eviction notice by Buckingham Palace and have been told to hop it from Frogmore Cottage. And why not? The property is standing empty and the couple prefers to be on the other side of the pond, so the decision to move them on sounds logical to me. It is just a pity that they didn’t think to hand back the keys to the unused property, and needed legal letters to move them on. King Charles is streamlining and modernising the monarchy to cut costs. That should include no Spare empty houses. What on earth is Boris thinking? No good can come of him challenging Rishi Sunak over the Windsor Framework. The agreement may not be perfect, but we shouldn’t make perfect the enemy of the good. It is clearly better than the Protocol arrangement Boris negotiated – the mess Rishi is trying to clear up. Where Boris, below with Rishi, may have a point is to keep an oven-ready NI Protocol Bill on the shelf just in case things don’t go so smoothly as thought.