After a wet, cold and icy winter, it’s likely your lawn will be looking a little worse for wear with yellow patches, bald spots and considerable weed growth. Months of cold weather and the recent snowfall could even have left your lawn riddled with fungal diseases. Snow settling on lawns can actually cause something called “snow mould”, otherwise known as fusarium patch. The disease can leave yellowish, brown patches on lawns that may not become obvious until the spring months or until snow thaws. As soon as the weather changes, it can be tempting to continue your lawn mowing routine. However, how often should you be mowing your lawn come spring? Residential garden expert at Jacksons Fencing, Leigh Barnes has shared how often gardeners should be mowing lawns in spring and how they can prepare their turf for the warmer months ahead. READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again Leigh told Express.co.uk gardeners should be mowing their lawns once a week in spring. He said: “Throughout the spring months, aim to mow your lawn once a week, and when summer hits double this.” Lawns generally only need to be mown between March and October or when the weather is suitable; you should never mow a wet lawn. Some lawns don’t need to be mown once a week but perhaps every two weeks instead. It will depend on how quickly your lawn grows. Don't miss... Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [LATEST] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] Lawn care experts share how to create 'stripe effect' grass [ANALYSIS] In summer, it’s likely your lawn will need cutting once a week on average. But during periods of drought, this should be dropped to once a fortnight to protect the grass. If you have a lawn that is under trees, experiences frequent shade or has dry patches, it may need mowing less frequently. Ensure you never mow your lawn when it’s wet or if there is frost as this can damage the grass and cause compaction. READ MORE: Five common lawn ‘mistakes’ to avoid making now Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Always wait until the lawn has dried out completely. This can be frustrating, but it could save you spending more money on repairs in the future. However, the first task gardeners need to do is tackle those pesky weeds which can make even the neatest lawn look messy. The expert said: “Prepare your lawn by removing weeds and moss in early springtime. “The summer months encourage extra growth so removing these early will ensure your lawn is looking its best come summertime. “Spreading lawn fertiliser after loosening the soil and raking it will provide additional nutrients and even it out.” At the moment, the UK is being hit with cold, damp weather which means it’s unlikely your lawn will need a water. However, if we experience a dry spring, it may be necessary to give your lawn a “generous water”. Leigh added: “After seven to 10 days you should see some growth.”