Lurching from crisis to crisis (many self-inflicted) and beset by strikes and a shocking rise in the cost of living, the Tories had about as much credibility as a disgraced former health secretary eating kangaroo’s testicles in the jungle. Then, and credit where’s credit’s due, somehow Rishi Sunak pulled off the bizarrely named Windsor Framework and suddenly succeeded where three former Conservative prime ministers had failed – and another didn’t even have the commitment to attempt. He “got Brexit done”. As this is being written, details of the deal are being pored over and there might still be a hurdle or three to navigate, but Rishi richly deserves the plaudits. While there will always be a few outliers within Tory ranks who seem to need ceaseless warring over some aspect of Brexit, the bulk of the party has fallen in line. It is also regrettable that Boris Johnson, who palpably failed to finish the job, said last week that he would find it difficult to support the new deal. So, with inflation starting to at least be paused, if not directly reversed, might itbe that the great God of political fortune suddenly starts to smile favourably on the government again? If it does, the Conservatives need to seize it with everything they’ve got – and realise this is their last chance saloon. Polling consistently shows Labour enjoying at least a 20-point advantage. But the Conservatives can make a significant start in precisely ten days’ time with that rather important matter of Chancellor Jeremy Hunt’s budget. The Tories need to look to themselves and ask how, as supposedly the party of low taxation and business promotion, they have allowed the highest level of taxes for 70 years to be ushered in. At the same time, business aspirations have been blunted by the move to increase Corporation Tax from 19 percent to25 percent in under three weeks’ time. Lord Karan Bilimoria, Cobra beer founder, and CBI vice president, said last week: “Businesses have had three years of pandemic, the Ukraine war, the energy crisis, the cost of living crisis, inflation and, on top of that, you’re increasing taxes. I mean, how much can businesses take?” In the case of one giant company, it appears the answer is a very firm “no more”. Drugs firm AstraZeneca has opted to build a new £320million factory in Ireland rather than the UK. It’s all very well banging on about how Britain can be at the cutting edge of new technological innovation and could be the next Singapore, but when firms are offered preferential tax rates and incentives to build just across the Irish Sea, why on earth would they come here? A large and unexpected wind-fall came the way of the Treasury last month when an extra £30billion dropped into the coffers from January’s increased tax take. That must be used to lower personal tax and incentivise business. If this tax turnaround is pursued, the Tories are back in the game and can start to exploit Labour weaknesses, such as the “trans debate” and a lack of any actual detail for some of their pledges. It was a year ago this month that leader Sir Keir Starmer seemed to struggle when I asked him on my LBC breakfast show whether a woman could have a penis. To my knowledge, he’s still yet to decide. Sir Keir recently outlined his vision for a Britain with Labour at the helm, but it included management gobbledegook such as a “government that’s more agile, empowering and catalytic” and “new delivery-focused cross-mission boards”. It was like a bad version of The Office and few would want David Brent as PM. Tony Blair once said Labour were “at our best when we are at our boldest”. Let’s see how bold the PM and his Chancellor are ready to be...but opportunity rarely knocks more than once. Surrounded by rancour and bitterness within much of the family, you can only imagine the joy King Charles gets from seeing photographs such as these of the Prince and Princess of Wales in action. As close friends of his other son say the decision to move him and Meghan from Frogmore Cottage was driven by spite (it wasn’t, it was financially responsible) and his brother Prince Andrew reportedly wails about being moved from his Windsor residence to save hundreds of thousands of pounds, William and Kate continue to put forward the best image of the royals at work. Whether William will be as happy about being beaten in the cycling challenge by his wife who was wearing high-heeled shoes at the time is another matter! Why the outcry over Michael Gove’s suggestion that parents who allow their children to repeatedly miss school should have their benefits stopped? Everyone knows when some of these youngsters aren’t behind their desks they can turn to anti-social behaviour and effectively make some parts of our towns and cities virtual no-go areas. But opponents rounded on Mr Gove. They said it was unfair and the Government should instead invest in “outreach workers” to go to children’s homes and work with the parents to ensure better school attendance. Liberal lunacy! Do they really think parents who can’t be bothered to get their children to school will even open the door to those workers, let alone listen to them. Unlike much of the world, education in this country is free and any parent who doesn’t ensure their child reaps the full benefit deserves to feel it in the purse. A school on the Isle of Man has suspended sex education classes after a drag queen, booked as a guest speaker, told pupils aged 11 there are 73 genders, and when one child disagreed, they were told to leave the classroom. We now learn that at the same school, the Queen Elizabeth II High School in Peel, pupils the same age in a science class were asked to call out any slang words that referred to genitalia. One child’s suggestion of the “c word” was then added to the whiteboard. The school has apologised, but it almost makes you wish for a return to the days when our children were being educated at home. Ignore the confected fury over King Charles meeting the President of the European Commission last week after she had announced the new NI Brexit deal. That meeting was at Windsor and the King was just a few miles away. This was as polite as it was diplomatic, and the idea she is not “a world leader” is risible. The King would rightly meet the heads of the UN or NATO, and this should be seen as being no different.