Eden Hazard is set to hold talks with Real Madrid chiefs over his exit, with the Belgian said to be attracting interest from MLS. The winger arrived at the Bernabeu in 2019 from Chelsea in a deal worth up to £150m ($180m), but has failed to impress. His dream move unravelled in spectacular fashion and Hazard has been dogged by regular injury issues, inconsistency and question marks hanging over his fitness. It appears the 32-year-old's unhappy time at the club may be coming to a close as he prepares to sit down with club bosses to discuss his future. Hazard's contract runs until the summer of 2024 but a premature exit could be on the cards. Taking to Twitter, transfer guru Fabrizio Romano said: "Discussions will take place in the next weeks between Real Madrid and Eden Hazard’s camp - his last appearance in La Liga was on September 11. Feeling internally is for Hazard to leave the club in the summer, in case of good bid/opportunity." Despite being one of the star players in the Premier League for Chelsea, he has failed to find anything close to the same level in Spain. He famously arrived at his first pre-season with Real Madrid having put on weight. And within weeks he would suffer the first of 18 different injuries that would leave him missing a number of games for the club. In his first three full seasons at Madrid, Hazard has failed to appear in half of the 38 La Liga fixtures. During this campaign, he has only made three appearances. Despite being one of the star players in the Premier League for Chelsea, he has failed to find anything close to the same level in Spain. He famously arrived at his first pre-season with Real Madrid having put on weight. And within weeks he would suffer the first of 18 different injuries that would leave him missing a number of games for the club. In his first three full seasons at Madrid, Hazard has failed to appear in half of the 38 La Liga fixtures. During this campaign, he has only made three appearances. With that said, a move to the MLS may be what he needs in order to get his career back on track.