WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us. Record-breaking numbers of fans flocked to watch Sunday's penultimate episode of The Last of Us on HBO, making it the most-watched episode of the series so far. But with just one more episode to come in the first season of the video game adaptation, ratings continue to skyrocket. Broadcast bosses have seen a more than 70 per cent uplift in The Last of Us viewers, compared to its premiere episode which attracted 4.7million. Sunday's nail-biting episode eight, titled When We Are In Need, was watched by 8.1million - that's including both HBO cable viewers and HBO Max streams on premiere night. Official ratings by Warner Bros Discovery do not take UK viewers streaming the series on NOW via Sky Atlantic into account – so numbers are presumably much higher. Episode eight stole the most-watched top spot from the previous winner, episode four – which joined after episode three's emotional Bill (played by Nick Offerman) and Frank (Murray Bartlett) love story. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find The Last of Us' first episode actually became HBO's second-most watched debut in over a decade, losing out to Game of Thrones prequel House of Dragon. Episode two saw an increase of one million viewers, the US network's largest ever increase between a launch and a second episode – sparking an early season two renewal, per Variety. Bill and Frank's story in episode three is thought to be one of the reasons behind the show's success. Its final episode, number nine, is looking to be another record-breaking telly moment, though it is noted that the programme goes out alongside the Oscars. The most recent instalment saw Ellie (Bella Ramsey) as she continued to care for a still very poorly Joel (Pedro Pascal). Towards the end, she came up against one of the show's "most terrifying monsters", a strange cult cannibal called David (Scott Shepherd). He was a member of a strange group called the Silver Lakers who imprisoned Ellie before she made a miraculous and terrifying escape. It concluded in a bloody mess as Ellie killed David, stabbing him repeatedly while screaming and crying - the moment fans are calling her "best performance yet". Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST] The Last of Us fans praise Bella Ramsey's 'best performance yet'  [LATEST] House of the Dragon star exposes deleted wedding scene [LATEST] Fans flocked to social media after watching the horror unfold in Sunday night's episode eight over the weekend. "What Bella does as Ellie in this episode of The Last of Us is more than incredible to me, it's an acting masterclass for a young actor who is exceptional," commented one viewer. Another Tweeted: "Episode 8 of The Last of Us broke me. I can't breathe in the last ten minutes, this is the best performance of Bella Ramsey so far." Viewers flooded social media with messages that Ellie and David's fight should "lead them to the Emmys". Another said: "And the Emmy goes to, Bella." Joel and Ellie shared one of their most heartwarming moments in episode eight as he attempted to comfort her following the harrowing fight with David.  He arrived after the horror had already unfolded and Ellie was covered in blood as she sobbed after violently stabbing David to death. Joel delivered a message he never got to say to his daughter Sarah (Nico Parker) as he says: "It's okay, baby girl. I got you... it's okay now." "Almost cried at the end," said one viewer as fans recognised the moment from the video game. Another added: "Joel said THE LINE... I need therapy." The Last of Us final airs on HBO and HBO Max in the USA on Sunday at 9pm EST and Monday on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK at 2am and 9pm.