Dementia is the name for a group of symptoms related to the ongoing decline of the brain. It is commonly associated with getting older. And although this is a risk factor for dementia, there are ways to help lower your chances of developing it later in life. Diet has long been established as a factor that can either raise or lower your risk of dementia. However, there is one specific diet often recommended above others as the best way to stave off cognitive decline. The MIND diet - or Mediterranean-DASH Diet Intervention for Neurodegenerative Delay - is high in “brain healthy” foods and also limits trans and saturated fats. A study, published in the Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease in 2021, analysed more than 560 participants and their cognitive abilities, and compared this to their diet.  READ MORE: Dr Mosley says 'anti-inflammatory' snack could reduce risk of dying from cancer by 40% It found that those who stuck to the MIND diet had better brain function. It said: "A higher MIND diet score was associated with better global cognitive functioning proximate to death, and neither the strength nor the significance of association changed substantially when Alzheimer’s disease pathology and other brain pathologies were included in the model. “MIND diet is associated with better cognitive functioning independently of common brain pathology, suggesting that the MIND diet may contribute to cognitive resilience in the elderly.” Dietary guidelines for the MIND diet include:  Don't miss... Dementia: The 76p food that could make your brain 19 years younger [INSIGHT] Sir Michael Caine 'would have been dead' if unhealthy habits continued [CELEBRITY] Doctor's bowel cancer cause of blood 'splattering all over' the toilet [CANCER] But it limits the following foods to: A new study, published in Neurology journal, found that what you eat can affect your likelihood of living with dementia. In a new study published this month in Neurology journal two diets - the MIND and Mediterranean diets - were found to significantly lower the risk of dementia. The Mediterranean diet is frequently cited as one of the most healthy ways to eat and is rich in whole grains, fruit, vegetables, beans and nuts, and limits processed foods.  READ MORE: The two fruity drinks that can help lower blood pressure - high in potassium As part of this study, by a team from the Rush University Medical Centre in Chicago, data on more than 580 participants including their dietary patterns was analysed. Those who followed these diets were found to have less plaque and tangle - abnormal build-up of proteins called amyloid and tau thought to cause Alzheimer’s disease - in their brains. The researchers said: “People who scored highest for adhering to the Mediterranean diet had average plaque and tangle amounts in their brains similar to being 18 years younger than people who scored lowest.” They also found people who scored highest for adhering to the MIND diet had average plaque and tangle amounts similar to being 12 years younger than those who scored lowest.  The study concluded: “The MIND and Mediterranean diets are associated with less postmortem Alzheimer’s disease pathology, primarily beta-amyloid load. “Among dietary components, green leafy vegetables inversely correlate with Alzheimer’s disease pathology.” Common symptoms of dementia include problems with: If you think you or someone you know has dementia you should see a GP. 