The second episode of Beyond Paradise saw Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) attempt to move forward from the heartbreaking miscarriage. As they threw themselves back into their work, Humphrey called on the help of a woman called Rosie Colbert, played by the late Ruth Madoc. In the latest instalment, Humphrey wanted to speak to Martha about their tragic loss, but she just wanted to distract herself with the cafe opening. Respecting her wishes, he started investigating the mysterious disappearance of a family, the Colberts. As part of his investigation, he visited Rosie Colbert, the mother of Matthew (Edward Rowe) who had disappeared. Rosie said she didn't believe there was anything untoward about her son and his wife when she last saw them. The character was played by Ruth Madoc and it was her last on-screen appearance before her death. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview The end of the episode included a title card dedicated to the late actress. Alongside a photo of Ruth was the message: "In loving memory of Ruth Madoc. 1943-2022." The actress died in December at the age of 79, just days after suffering a fall. The same month that she died, she was due to star in the pantomime Aladdin at the Princess Theatre, Torquay. However, a statement posted to her Instagram account confirmed her fall earlier in the week and was unable to appear in the production. She underwent surgery but died the following day in hospital.  The star was best known for her role as Gladys Pugh in the BBC comedy Hi-de-Hi! Viewers took to Twitter after spotting the star in the latest episode, with @JamesN1991 saying: "Ruth Madoc is in this as well. RIP Ruth. #BeyondParadise" DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise's Commissioner makes appearance in spin-offBeyond Paradise episode 2 was Ruth Madoc's last TV performanceBeyond Paradise star Ruth Madoc was married twice before she died  @jenniewilks1 said: "Awww Ruth Madoc" with a broken heart emoji. @DruidCircus added: "The Late Great #RuthMadoc #BeyondParadise this episode is bloody fantastic #bbc1" @BadWilf echoed: "Aww, Ruth Madoc #BeyondParadise" Terry responded with: "Ruth Madoc" and a heart emoji. Elsewhere in the second episode, Martha's mum knew something was wrong and Martha eventually opened up to her about the IVF treatment. At her cafe opening, Martha was taken aback when a man from her past, Archie Hughes (Jamie Bamber), showed up. Archie suggested he become her supplier and act as a junior partner in the cafe. Humphrey did not take well to Archie and it transpired the pair used to be engaged. As they spent more time together, Archie started to realise how much he missed Martha. A preview for episode three showed Humphrey and Archie trying to settle their differences but doesn't look like it is going well. Beyond Paradise airs on BBC One on Fridays from 8pm. 