While cruise ships usually have almost everything a guest might need, there are a few things that passengers will need to bring themselves. On Reddit, guests shared the items they wished they’d remembered to pack. A guest said: “My number one thing I regretted not bringing last time was a travel mug! I don’t get a drink package but I drink a lot of the included coffee and I didn’t realise how much I like to take it on the go. “The regular mugs are pretty small and it’s hard not to slosh the liquid out taking it back to the room or wherever. Definitely a must have for me!” A travel mug could also come in handy for excursions as guests may be able to take some coffee off the ship. If guests bring a flask bottle, it could also double up as a water bottle to use when they’re on land. READ MORE: Cruise guest says to 'avoid' certain port excursions Another passenger said they always brought their own toilet paper on every cruise holiday they went on. However, another guest said: “Is bringing your own toilet paper really allowed? I thought the type they provided met the particular requirements not to block up the system.” A guest replied: “You are correct. Do not bring your own toilet paper. It will likely clog the toilet in your cabin and maybe your neighbours’ toilets.” Cruise ship toilets may not be able to process every type of toilet paper so guests should use the one provided. Don't miss... Women can now swim and sunbathe topless in public pools in Berlin [LATEST] The most underrated holiday destination for 2023 is ‘breathtaking’  [INSPIRATION] Cruise ship astronomer shares the ‘best spot’ to see the stars [INSIDER] A guest said they always brought a shoe organiser to help them stay organised when they unpacked. However, another guest said: “The door organisers never did anything for me. I don’t have that much stuff that would fill them, and I already argue with the towels and robes on the bathroom door.” Shoe organisers could be helpful for guests who like to take a lot of clothes with them on holiday. Despite this, the majority of cruise ships will have a wardrobe or closet where guests can unpack their clothes. READ MORE: Beautiful mountain village is paying expats £50,000 to move there Cruise cabins can be smaller than a hotel room as the ship only has a limited amount of space. It’s a good idea to plan outfits before packing to make sure you’re only bringing the items you need. Another guest said they always brought a foldable laundry hamper on holiday to keep in their room. They said: “That’s the one thing that is a must have for me. Super compact and keeps the room tidy.” However, not everyone thought it was a necessity and one guest said: “I bring a garbage bag to put used underwear and socks into.” Cruise guests will usually be able to get laundry done on the ship but may have to pay a hefty price to do so. If an item of clothing is creased, guests could try hanging it in the bathroom to get some of the creases out. The steam from the cabin shower might help to make the item less wrinkled without the need for an iron.