The Dancing on Ice final is due to air on ITV this weekend and The Vivienne is reported to have had a nasty accident during rehearsals. The 30-year-old drag star had been practising for the final skate when she slipped and hit the ice, landing on the same knee she injured during the semi-finals. The Vivienne, otherwise known as James Lee Williams, was seen by medics and advised to rest and ice up. Speaking to The Sun, a source said: "Injuries are to be expected this far into the competition but Viv's knee is turning into a bit of a nightmare. "Thursday's rehearsal was going really well up until she lost her balance and her knee buckled while trying to perfect her routine. "She hit the ice hard and landed like she did on last week's show - going down on the same knee. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail  "Luckily she is fine but has been told to rest and ice up to help relieve the swelling and pain. "There is a really real fear that the injury will keep reoccurring meaning her final skates will be a lot harder." During the semi-final last week, the drag star made a mistake during the routine to Live and Let Die from the 1973 James Bond film. Speaking to hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield, the star said: "My knees are hurting a little bit but I'm fine. We're dancing on ice. Things happen." As for her latest injury, the drag queen is yet to speak out about what happened. However, she did thank fans for their continued support after qualifying for a place in the final. She said on Instagram: "Thank you from the bottom of my heart! This is bigger than winning the show now. It’s winning the fight!" Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment about the latest incident.   Don't miss... Dancing On Ice's Nile Wilson to attempt stunt ‘pro skaters can’t do' [INSIGHT] Joey Essex insists Dancing On Ice kiss was ‘planned’ with Vanessa [LATEST] Dancing On Ice 'fix' row erupts as Mollie Gallagher booted out  [DISCUSSION] On Friday, she did post an update suggesting she was raring to go for the final this weekend. The Instagram post which featured the other finalists, she said: "Sunday here we come! It’s Final time! What a whirlwind! "Sharing it with these two and seeing how far we’ve come has been fantastic. "Win or lose, we’re all winners in our own personal way. Just awe-inspiring!"    Again, there was no mention of the fall as she attempts to focus on the positives of her experience. Viewers took to Twitter following The Vivienne's fall in the semi-final, rooting for the star as she managed to pull back with a score of 39.5.  @helencsmith86 said: "Came out and smashed it after her fall. Well Done The Vivienne #DancingOnIce." @Mikepriestley13 added: "Good performance. Specially after the fall in the solo performance earlier. #DancingOnIce" [Sic] Dancing on Ice returns to ITV for the grand final this Sunday at 6.30pm