In Manchester United's search for a new centre-forward, two names continue to pop up - Victor Osimhen and Harry Kane. But there's a cheaper alternative to the pair with an immensely high ceiling who stood out again during Champions League action on Tuesday night. Goncalo Ramos scored twice in Lisbon as Benfica dumped out Scott Parker's Club Brugge with a 5-1 win on the night and a 7-1 triumph on aggregate. Ramos showed sublime footwork on the way to scoring his team's second of the night to put the tie to bed. The Portugal international danced past three players with eye-catching close control before thundering a low strike past Simon Mignolet. "I saw him about 10 times last year and he looks as if he's improved tenfold already this year," said BT Sport co-commentator Steve McManaman after the goal. And Ramos then made it 3-0 before the hour mark, making a clever run into the near post before sweeping a first-time effort low past the keeper. "He really does have the world at his feet," was the word from BT Sport's main commentator, and United will no doubt be aware of the 21-year-old's huge potential. DON'T MISS Erik ten Hag ready to 'cash in on' two Man Utd stars after Liverpool [TRANSFERS] Ramos now has 23 goals and nine assists in 34 outings for the Liga Portugal leaders, who are flying at the summit. Transfermarkt value the striker at just £35.6million - which would make him near £70m cheaper than Osimhen and Kane. In reality, Benfica's excellent management means he could cost more than that. For example, Darwin Nunez joined Liverpool from the Portuguese giants for £64m last summer potential rising to £85m with add-ons. Even with that factored in, it is clear Ramos - three years Osimhen's junior and eight years younger than Kane - would be cheaper than the duo. That's in spite of his fantastic hat-trick when replacing then-United forward Cristiano Ronaldo for Portugal at the World Cup in Qatar. MUST READ Graham Potter has 'another four weeks' to avoid Chelsea sack [LATEST] Man Utd 'hold talks' about beating Liverpool to £60m ace Mac Allister [GOSSIP] Haaland almost had Premier League dream ruined by Calvert-Lewin [FEATURE] Against Brugge, Ramos produced a fresh reminder of his talents on the glitziest of club stages. He is a willing worker off the ball, which would appeal to Erik ten Hag, but he also has greater goalscoring ability than Wout Weghorst. Of course there is much for Ramos still to improve but at such a young age, the trajectory of his career only appears to be up. And given the work Ten Hag has performed with players like Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Alejandro Garnacho, Ramos could become quite the striker at Old Trafford. Whether United move for him over Osimhen or Kane remains to be seen, but if those two prove too difficult - or too expensive - to acquire, Ramos will surely be prominent among the Dutch tactician's thoughts. He's certainly on the radar of plenty of other clubs.