Prince Harry has been criticised by a psychiatrist for proclaiming the benefits of using illegal drugs, such as marijuana and the hallucinogenic ayahuasca, saying they helped him deal with his "trauma". Dr Max Pemberton accused Harry of being "irresponsible" and "wading into the debate on mental health with reckless ignorance" after his interview with Dr Gabor Maté on Saturday evening, which included a conversation on Harry's recreational drug use. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  During the "intimate conversation" Harry revealed that while cannabis had "really helped" him, his cocaine and alcohol use were "more social". He described his experience using psychedelics, saying: "It was the cleaning of the windshield, removal of life's filters. "It removed it all for me and brought me a sense of relaxation, release, comfort, a lightness that I managed to hold onto for a period of time. "For me I started doing it recreationally and then started to realise how good it was for me. I would say it is one of the fundamental parts of my life that changed me and helped me deal with the traumas and the pains of the past."  Dr Pemberton slammed Harry for having "no understanding" of the "serious damage" these substances can cause and the adverse effects they can have on some people's mental health, particularly for those from a less privileged background. The psychiatrist told the Daily Mail that the Duke of Sussex is an example of what medical researchers term "N=1", meaning his observations of the effects of the drug are based solely on his own experience. Marijuana use has been found by the Royal College of Psychiatrists to increase the risk of schizophrenia or psychosis, with regular use associated with changes in behaviour and withdrawal. READ MORE: The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview Dr Pemberton added that Harry has "forfeited any right he might have had to be seen as a credible representative for mental health charities" as he explained the possible negative impacts of ayahuasca. The drug, often promoted by the "trendy middle classes", can cause panic attacks and paranoia, as well as physical side effects like vomiting and diarrhoea. In his livestream with Dr Maté, who has administered ayahuasca to hundreds of his patients in the past, Harry opened up about his drug and alcohol use in his teenage years, admitting that he felt peer pressure to drink.  Don't miss... The 14 times the Royal Family have been dragged into politics [LATEST] Harry compares himself to Diana as both felt 'different from royals' [REVEAL] Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  [FASHION] This comes as Harry and Meghan Markle have been asked by the King to vacate Frogmore Cottage, their UK home in Windsor. The couple were told to leave the day after Spare was published in January, after Harry attacked senior members of the Firm in the book. While journalist Omid Scobie said they were "stunned" at the decision, they have accepted it and have begun removing their belongings from the property. It is thought Prince Andrew could move into Frogmore instead if he is forced to move out of Royal Lodge due to financial constraints.