Club Brugge’s teenage left wing-back Bjorn Meijer stunned the Benfica crowd when he hit a strike that rifled past Odysseas Vlachodimos that would have seen the Netherlands man wheel away and celebrate en mass with his team-mates on another occasion. However, the 19-year-old instead kept his head down and jogged back into his own half and awaited Benfica as they prepared to take the kick-off with minimal fuss. Unfortunately for Meijer and his Brugge team-mates, they had already conceded five goals to the Portuguese side on the night and twice back in Belgium during the first leg as they were on the brink of being knocked out of the Champions League. A brace from Manchester United target Goncalo Ramos alongside goals from Rafa Silva, Joao Mario and David Neres had registered Meijer’s stunning effort redundant as the result leaves Brugge boss Scott Parker hanging onto his job by a thread. Brugge had capitulated well before Meijer’s stunning strike that left BT Sport commentator Steve McManaman stunned by the strike. “There he goes again Meijer offensively,” the Liverpool icon said. “What a goal this is, just strikes across the ball. He’s got a wonderful left foot on him. “It’s very unorthodox, he opens his foot up and then slices back across it. Look at the spin on the ball! I mean he meant it, Vlachodimos has got absolutely no chance, what a hit that was.” Don't miss... Man Utd can sign brilliant Ramos for much less than Osimhen and Kane [LATEST] Unfortunately for the Belgian side it was the only moment they could get excited about over the two legs as their Champions League campaign had come to a disappointing end in Lisbon, as Benfica had run rampant to reach the quarter-finals at Parker’s expense. Parker had been sacked by Bournemouth just four games into the Premier League season after guiding the Cherries to promotion, but a 9-0 defeat by Liverpool and criticisms from the coach regarding his squad saw him removed of his position and subsequently hired by Brugge. Don't miss... Joe Cole and Owen Hargreaves agree on 'outstanding' Chelsea star [LATEST] Jude Bellingham labels Chelsea penalty fiasco 'a joke' after loss [LATEST] Graham Potter spotted in heated post-match exchange with Cucurella [LATEST] The Belgian giants are sat fourth in the Belgian Pro League, however, as Nieusblad have claimed that former Ajax boss Alfred Schreuder is in the frame to replace Parker. Asked if he will still be in charge for Sunday's league game against Standard Liege, he told BT Sport: "I am not sure. I am not in control of that. I understand why you are asking me that question and it has probably been aimed at me for some weeks now. "I can't really control that. I am not in that position to understand it and you are asking probably the wrong person. What I am is fully committed in trying to turn this around and that is what I will try to do."