A man wrongly convicted of murdering a teenager, after being identified as a suspect with the same name, has now been freed from jail 18 years later. Sheldon Thomas, 35, was jailed for the murder of a 14-year-old boy in 2004 despite his lawyers arguing he was the victim of a botched identification. An eyewitness at the time named the man as the killer after being handed the photo of the wrong Sheldon Thomas. His defence team in 2004 told the court about the wrongful identification but pleas for dismissal were rejected as the judge insisted there was still probable cause to believe the right man had been arrested. But now the Brooklyn DA's Conviction Reversal Unit has been able to have Thomas exonerated after nearly 19 years. District Attorney Eric Gonzales admitted the case against the then-17-year-old "was compromised from the very start by grave errors and lack of probable cause to arrest Mr Thomas." Gonzales continued: "He was further deprived of his due process rights when the prosecution proceeded even after the erroneous identification came to light, making his conviction fundamentally unfair.” JUST IN: US deals massive blow to China as Xi plots to 'ramp up military' in WW3 threat Appearing in court to see his case vacated, Thomas said: "There are so many times when I was in my cell I would think of this moment. Right now, I’m just speechless." He added: "I forgive them. Just like I've made mistakes in my life and people have forgiven me, and people have shown mercy on me, I will do the same." Sheldon Thomas was one of three gang members accused of killing 14-year-old Anderson Bercy on Christmas Eve 2004 in East Flatbush, Brooklyn. Despite securing permission to use a photo from an earlier gun arrest of the Sheldon Thomas suspected of murdering the teenager, the original investigations pulled a photo from a police database of another man named Sheldon Thomas. READ MORE: Meghan Markle beams on LA trip hours after Archie and Lilibet titles confirmed The eyewitness identified the man in the wrong picture as Bercy's killer but police proceeded to arrest the other Sheldon Thomas. She later identified the arrested Sheldon Thomas in a police lineup despite not knowing the man she picked in the photo array and the one in front of her were two different Sheldon Thomases. Another detective also admitted the arrested Sheldon Thomas had repeatedly noted he was not the man in the photo used with the eyewitness. DON'T MISS Alex and Buster got 'drunk' months after dad murdered wife and son [INSIGHT] Woman who waved 77-year-old cyclist into fatal crash jailed [CRIME] Parents jailed for more than 13 years after death of obese teen [LATEST] But the judge said there was still probable cause to proceed with the trial because of the resemblance between the photo and Thomas. At the end of the trial, Thomas was sentenced to 25 years in prison for Bercy's murder as well as a series of other charges. The Conviction Reversal Unit said he had once again reaffirmed innocence when he was given the opportunity to speak ahead of the sentencing. Further investigation into the original inquiry also exposed serious inconsistencies in the official records and showed detectives had harassed Thomas about a previous gun conviction despite claiming to have never met him before. The Unit's final report said: "Each of these errors, on its own, deprived the defendant of a fair trial. "Together the errors undermined the integrity of the entire judicial process and defendant’s resulting conviction.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews