Luis Enrique is said to be focused on the Chelsea job as Graham Potter fights to remain at Stamford Bridge, according to reports from Spain. The former Brighton head coach is now under increasing pressure in west London and ultimately, Todd Boehly could be forced into a change if results fail to immediately improve. Nonetheless, the Chelsea hierarchy remain fully committed to Potter for the meantime and there is optimism he will turn things around and get things right. Should Potter fail to steady the ship and oversee improvement, a host of managers are seemingly waiting in the wings for an attractive job that would be of interest to most coaches in world football. According to SPORT, former Spain boss Luis Enrique has his eyes on the position despite interest from Brazil. The Selecao had been keen to speak to Luis Enrique about their current vacancy but they have now opted to wait until the end of the season before appointing Tite's successor. READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final The decisive action means there could now be other candidates that enter the frame including Carlo Ancelotti, who is under pressure at Real Madrid following a drop off in domestic form. Ancelotti is said to have spoken with Brazil already but it will be challenging for him to depart Real Madrid mid-season unless he is sacked. Furthermore, Zinedine Zidane is also in the frame and is another name that has been closely linked with the Chelsea job. It means Brazil's plans to appoint their next manager could also have an impact on who potentially replaces Potter at Chelsea, if he is handed his P45. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Luis Enrique has previously been linked with the Chelsea vacancy but now he is looking to return to club football and the stars could finally align. Atletico Madrid are also believed to be an option for the Spaniard, who stood down from his role with Spain after being eliminated on penalties by Morocco. It would reportedly cost Chelsea somewhere in the region of £50m to sack Potter if the Blues were to pull the trigger. That's why Boehly and Behdad Eghbali are seemingly keen to bide their time before jumping into any call - even if the majority of Chelsea fans want Potter out. Other names that could fall under consideration are Eintracht Frankfurt's Oliver Glasner, who is a name of admiration to Boehly. The Chelsea co-owner is understood to have spoken to Glasner last year when replacing Thomas Tuchel after the German was sacked in December after a 1-0 defeat at Dinamo Zagreb. Potter is currently tied down to a long-term deal that is due to run until the summer of 2027. Mauricio Pochettino is also among the potential names in the fray although some reports have already claimed the Argentine has rejected the Blues.