Aries Secrets are getting in the way of a close relationship. You feel as if someone is deliberately deceiving you. You are curious about a recent incident because you know you aren’t being told it all. Aim to get everything out into the open as confusion is making you irritable and suspicious. Taurus Tell the truth and not only are you being honest with others but you are also being true to yourself. You should not have to worry about what other people think. People who really care for you will prefer that you are sincere when you are with them. Gemini You know what you want to do and what you are hoping to achieve. You have a number of ideas in mind for the future. If you are to turn dreams into reality, be sure to keep goals within reachable levels. Take a practical approach to achieving your dreams. Cancer The more time you spend with a new friend or partner, the more you will realise how much you have in common. It will feel good to be with someone who understands you without you having to explain yourself all the time. They feel the same way about you. Leo Any doubts you had about a joint commitment will dissolve once you establish new routines and a new understanding. Together you are working on ways that will bring you a greater sense of security. A project may have caused some disappointment but you are all looking to achieve better next time. Virgo You will get upset when there is tension in a close relationship. If you have recently fallen out with each other, why not be the one who offers an olive branch. If you don’t want this situation to continue, you can do something about it.  Libra Cutting corners might sound like a good idea at the time but this will only end up costing you more than originally intended, whether it is through time or effort. It would be better to just accept that if a job is worth doing, it’s worth doing well. Scorpio If an issue is causing too many problems in a friendship, you might agree that this controversy isn’t worth it and it is time to go your separate ways. A partner or close friend will suggest it is time to book a holiday or make some travel plans. Sagittarius Working with a talented team will be a great learning experience. There is plenty of cooperation around you and lots of good advice on offer too, should you need it. Some people just couldn’t be more helpful and you will be glad of their friendship and support.  Capricorn You will breathe out a sigh of relief when a lengthy legal or property battle comes to an end. You have wanted to be able to put this behind you for some time and this is your chance to do so. Even if you feel you made a wrong choice in the past, don’t dwell on your mistakes. Aquarius A small rise in income may not make a massive difference but this should give you a bit more financial freedom. There will still be a need to be sensible with your cash. A joint professional arrangement is about to come to an end Pisces Who deserves a second chance? You are asking yourself this now and although you feel annoyed with someone for their recent behaviour, you are ready to put this behind you. It will be surprisingly fun to be able to share a personal interest with someone you work with.   