When Elvis Presley moved into Graceland back in 1957, he moved his extended family in too, giving them jobs as his security and associates. One of his closest Memphis Mafia members was his cousin Billy Smith. The King bought a trailer for his relative and his family to live in on the estate and be extra close by. And one of Billy’s kids who grew up as Lisa Marie Presley’s playmate is Danny Smith, who spent lots of time with his famous cousin as a teenager, including some “goosebump-inducing” private encounters when he would “just stun you”. Speaking on his Memphis Mafia Kid YouTube channel, Danny was asked by a fan if there was ever a time when he and Elvis talked alone. The King’s cousin said: “There was a few times that I remember…one of the main conversations that always comes to mind that just meant something to me was when we went to Palm Springs on that last trip. It was the middle night…between 2 and 5 o’clock in the morning. I had woken up and man I was hungry.” Danny continued: “Where our bedroom was you had to walk through the living room to get to the kitchen. I woke up, of course, half asleep and I’m stumbling and I’m starving as I always was then. I’m walking out of the bedroom [into] the little hallway and start walking through the living room and get halfway [and] the TV’s going, which just didn’t hit me. Like I said I was [basically] asleep. But then out of the side view it hit me and I’m like, ‘Oh s*** it’s Elvis!’” “I’m just trying to ease along and he says, ‘Hey’. I said, ‘Hey’ and he had a box of pizza orders and he said, ‘Come over, sit down a minute.’ So I went and sat on the couch and I never will forget, the Flintstones were playing…on the TV kinda low.” READ MORE: Elvis Presley star Austin Butler details 'grief' over Lisa Marie Danny added: “[Elvis] started just asking me some questions just like was I having a good time…and he was glad that we were there for Lisa Marie. [He asked] if we’d had a good time so far [with] the shopping money…that he had given us [kids]. “With Elvis it was just kind of short and sweet. He’d asked me, ‘Do you want some pizza?’ [And after eating] he got up and said, ‘I’m gonna go to bed and I’ll see ya tomorrow.’ To Danny’s delight, after The King had gone he was able to eat the rest! WATCH THE FULL VIDEO HERE