Prince Harry has revealed what got him and wife, Meghan Markle, into trouble at the very start of their relationship. The couple, who became the Duke and Duchess of Sussex shortly after their wedding in 2018, met during the summer of 2016. One month on from his last interview with Stephen Colbert, the 38-year-old returned for a surprise appearance on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert on Tuesday. In the pre-recorded clip, the host asked Harry a series of questions, including if he had ever asked a celebrity for an autograph and what his favourite song is. The first question Mr Colbert asked was what his favourite sandwich is, with Harry replying that he enjoyed a "cheese and ham toastie with dijon mustard on top" cooked in a "toastie machine". The host then asked him if he meant a "panini press" - the American way of saying it. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's biographer hits out at King's 'cruel' move to evict them from Frogmore Harry then explained: "I have to be sort of careful with these questions because Americanisms to the British-isms, it's very different. "Got me and my wife into a little trouble at the beginning of our relationship." Colbert has asked these sorts of questions previously to a host of celebrities that have appeared on his talk-show. On the show, Harry also opened up on the five words that would describe the rest of his life. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan won't 'feel safe in UK' as Sussexes given 'just weeks' to vacate Frogmore The 38-year-old shared that the words he would use are "freedom, happiness, clarity, space and love". The lighthearted segment comes just a month after his last appearance in front of a live audience. Harry appeared on the show to speak about his memoir, Spare, revealing the "cathartic" process of writing the book. DON'T MISS On March 4, Prince Harry is holding a virtual livestream to promote his memoir, almost two months after it's release. Prince Harry is set to sit down with Dr Gabor Maté and will discuss the importance of healing and living life after having experienced a loss. Fans have been invited to ask for the Duke to answer on the livestream.