Jamie Carragher has urged Mauricio Pochettino to snub Tottenham if they come calling over the summer, with Antonio Conte expected to depart when his contract expires. The Argentine has made it no secret that he would like the chance to return to Spurs, though his stance has been questioned massively. Tottenham are expected to part ways with Conte at the end of the season, despite having a clause in his contract that they can activate to retain his services for a further year. The Italian has failed to end the club’s trophy drought and recent performances suggest that the ‘spark’ he used to be able to create within the squad has gone. Daniel Levy and co are weighing up several options on who to replace the ex-Chelsea boss with, though the message from a large portion of their supporters is to bring back Pochettino. The 51-year-old was a fan’s favourite during his five-year stint at the club and he has made it no secret that he feels he has unfinished business in north London. However, former Liverpool star Carragher has urged Pochettino to snub a return to Tottenham if he is approached, insisting that his second spell will not be as good as his first. He wrote in his column with The Telegraph: “Never go back. That is what they say in football. Don't miss... Five stars that supported Arsenal growing up including Kane and Zaha  [FANS] “Mauricio Pochettino would be wise to remember that if he is tempted to return to Tottenham Hotspur. Don’t do it, Poch. All parties need to move on. Comebacks are usually more romantic than logical. Pochettino may see Spurs as the best chance to return to the Premier League. “Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy could curry favour with the supporters by re-appointing a popular ex-manager. They must know how rarely old magic is recreated in football.” Don't miss... Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [BLOG] Tottenham may owe Chelsea and Potter gratitude amid growing crisis [LATEST] Man Utd transfer plans have been 'changed by Harry Kane and Casemiro' [TRANSFER] Several other candidates have been linked with the imminent vacancy at Tottenham, with Brentford’s Thomas Frank and Steve Cooper of Nottingham Forest being admired by the club for how they are performing in the Premier League. Though Carragher has urged Spurs to push for a different target, Brighton manager Roberto De Zerbi, who is on target to guide the Amex Stadium to a European finish for the first time in their history. Carragher explained: “Now Spurs must look to the future with their replacement, seeking a coach who will deliver on Levy’s promise to play with the style supporters crave. When you see the impact of Roberto de Zerbi at Brighton, there are obvious echoes of Pochettino at Southampton: a young, hungry coach making an instant impact with an exciting brand of football.” It remains to be seen whether Carragher’s words of wisdom to Pochettino fall on deaf ears or the ex-PSG manager is insistent that he can pick up from where he left off at the club.