Travelbag found for the world’s most tranquil cities by looking at several important metrics. The team looked at the cost of a hotel, the average number of tourist arrivals, the number of walking trails and air quality to choose a holiday destination. READ MORE: Passengers should 'leave jewellery at home' to 'save hundreds' Stockholm was crowned the most peaceful holiday destination and has some of the lowest light and noise pollution in the world. The city has an incredible 734 walking trails and is built across 14 islands meaning that residents are never far from the water. One of the city’s top-rated tourist destinations is Kungliga Djurgården, a beautiful park island with several museums. A tourist wrote on the review platform: “There are so many things to do in Djurgarden. Walking is a great way to see the park. Then there are the museums to spend hours on a rainy day or for history buffs.” Don't miss... ‘Beautiful’ British beach is loved by the Royal Family [INSPIRATION] Flight attendant shares how to spot 'hidden camera' in hotel room [INSIDER] British tourist says it’s no surprise Spain doesn’t want Brits [LATEST] Another tourist wrote: “I loved Stockholm. The city has beautiful, well maintained architecture. “The city is vibrant and clean. There is a lot going on! The Vasa museum was great to visit as well as the Old Town.” At the Vasa Museum, tourists will be able to explore the world’s only preserved ship from the 17th century. Kungliga Djurgården is also home to Skansen, an open-air museum which showcases Swedish history and wildlife. READ MORE: ‘Wonderful’ UK village crowned one of best staycations Music fans won’t want to miss the Abba Museum, an incredible journey through the famous pop-group’s songs and lives. Visitors will even get to take to the stage themselves in one of the Museum’s most engaging exhibits. Another Scandinavian hotspot took second place on the list. Copenhagen has very low noise pollution and high air quality. Although both the northern European cities are on a lot of bucket lists, they attract fewer visitors than several more popular European destinations. Wellington and Auckland took third and fourth place on the list so Britons who are looking for a major trip might want to head to New Zealand. For staycation fans, Edinburgh topped the list as the most peaceful staycation destination in the UK. The Scottish capital was also recently named the best destination for families to visit in the UK. Australia dominated the list with Melbourne, Perth and Sydney all included in the top 10 rankings.