  Wayne Shorter, a Grammy-winning saxophonist and Jazz legend, has died at the age of 89. The prolific musician had a huge influence on jazz history, collaborating with the likes of Miles Davis, Joni Mitchell and Carlos Santana.      The composer and performer sadly died this morning in Los Angeles, his representative confirmed to Rolling Stone. No cause of death has been provided at this time. As well as touching shoulders with some of the world’s most influential musicians, the veteran saxophonist also recorded with Steely Dan and Herbie Hancock. The star rose to fame in the late 1950s as a member of Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers. In the 1960s, he went on to join Miles Davis's Second Great Quintet, before co-founding the jazz fusion band Weather Report. READ MORE: Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star'    Wayne’s career spanned eight decades, starting with his debut in 1959 and finishing with his Grammy-winning Live at the Detroit Jazz Festival just this year. The American jazz musician was an integral part of three of the most important 20th-century jazz groups. He also appeared on 10 albums with his friend Joni Mitchell, whom he regularly collaborated with. The star is an 11-time Grammy award winner and has also won the Grammys’ Lifetime Achievement Award.    Many of his compositions have become jazz standards and, in 2008, was described by The New York Times as "probably jazz's greatest living small-group composer and a contender for greatest living improviser". He was also awarded the Polar Music Prize in 2017. Wayne met Teruko (Irene) Nakagami in 1961 and the pair went on to welcome daughter Miyako before they later separated in 1964. The star went on to re-marry to Ana Maria Patricio in 1970 and they welcomed daughter Iska in 1986, but she sadly died of a grand mal seizure at age 14. READ MORE... Piers Morgan mocks Harry and Meghan for 'playing victim' over Frogmore [NEWS] Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' [LATEST] Gary Lineker sets record straight on ‘logical’ split from Danielle Bux [INSIGHT]      Ana Maria and her niece Dalilia were tragically killed in 1996 when they boarded a WA Flight 800 to visit Wayne in Italy. Following the tragedy, Wayne married once more in 1999 to Carolina Dos Santos, who was a close friend of Ana Maria. Tributes have been pouring in for the late musician on social media following the sad news of his death. Jon Batiste tweeted: “RIP @Wayne_Shorter. Truly one of one.”     While Anita Baker wrote: “Wayne Shorter; On the meaning, of the Word, *JAZZ* ‘Lets jump into the Unknown… I dare you’.” (sic) Charles Lloyd penned: “It has been a deeply sad morning to learn that my brother and fellow explorer of the Inner and Outer Universe @Wayne_Shorter has left town. “The Maestro was a visionary, a great composer, and a friend with whom I shared a love for the Eternal Now. Barche Lamsel.” (sic) Vernon Reid posted: “Wayne Shorter is such a Great Loss. Words fail. Indescribable. So O r I g I n a l. As a composer. Collaborater. Improvisor. SciFi enthusiast. “He took the horn to places other saxophonists weren’t even imagining it COULD go. Wayne liberated it from the shadows of Bird & Trane.” (sic)   