Marcus Rosner is well recognised for his role as Charles Kensington on the hit romance drama, When Calls the Heart. Following his season two exit, the actor was forced to step away from screens after a terrifying injury, which he opened up about in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.   Towards the end of 2022, Marcus was undergoing intensive treatment at rehab after suffering two torn hamstring muscles. The injury was so severe as it started from his pelvis and retracted down his leg. Unbeknownst to fans, the actor was in recovering from surgery during the Christmas period but eventually lifted the lid on his health in February. After sharing his heart-wrenching video diary on Instagram, Marcus was inundated with touching messages of support and well-wishes from his followers. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air Speaking to Express.co.uk, Marcus admitted he was touched by the response and spoke on his decision to retreat from social media. The 33-year-old shared: “I didn't say anything because I didn't know if I'd be able to walk again. It was kind of scary. “It just felt like the time to be resolute and in solitude, just me and my wife working on my recovery. Across two posts, Marcus detailed the extent of his surgery, which he labelled “the hardest physical journey I’ve ever been on". The actor continued: “When I finally posted that and showed everybody what I was going through the last couple of months the feedback was just incredible. “I couldn't believe the support, you always feel like you're going through it alone. “But when you reach out like that, it's pretty amazing to see all these people that have gone through something similar and can relate.” Taking to his Instagram caption Marcus shared: “What this experience has shown me is just how privileged I am. DON'T MISS...Star Trek Picard pays touching tribute to late original star [INSIGHT]When Calls The Heart star on 'challenging' Charles Kensington role [INSIGHT]Arrow star Marcus Rosner on his love for romcoms as he marks TV return [INSIGHT] “I had access to one of the best surgeons in the country. I got to pick a surgery date that worked well for my schedule. "I have the good fortune to be able to take a few months off my feet without it affecting my income (mostly). “I have the money to afford top end equipment, private hospital rooms, and regular physiotherapy. And most of all I have a companion in life to help see me through it all.” During his interview with Express.co.uk. Marcus also reflected on his time on When Calls The Heart and opened up about a possible return.  With the show's recent season 11 renewal, there are hopes for Charles Kensington’s return to Hope Valley. However, the actor responded: “I think the moment has come and gone, I got a lot of good friends on that show still and they’re chugging along with great success." Thrashing hopes, Marcus admitted: “It would be very hard to envision Charles back in town.” Thankfully, fans will be able to see Marcus on the GREAT Romance channel in his other starring roles including, A Vineyard Romance and Love Stories in Sunflower Valley. When Calls the Heart season 10 premieres in July 2023 on the Hallmark Channel in the US and seasons 1-9 are available to stream on Amazon Prime in the UK. GREAT! Romance is available on Freeview 52, Freesat 303, Sky 319 and Virgin 424. 