Tomorrow evening, millions of us will sit down to watch Sir David Attenborough’s new documentary Wild Isles – telling the unique story of the extraordinary nature in our own backyard. After bringing life on Earth and in the deep seas into our living rooms for almost the last seven decades, for the first time, Sir David is focusing on our own very special country – from the soft chalk formations of the South Downs to the volcanic magic of the Giant’s Causeway. Over the next five weeks, we will wonder which species to root for in the ongoing drama of life – white-tailed eagles swooping on geese, whales hunting seals, or puffins mounting a defence of their hard-won catch from greedy gulls. We will gain an insight into the ingenious ways that plants and pollinators support wild species and critical crops across our landscapes. We will marvel at tens of thousands of migratory species making the United Kingdom their temporary home, as part of the web of life that reaches around the globe. I am sure this will inspire each of us to get outside and see them for ourselves. Sir David’s indefatigable enthusiasm for the natural world reminds us just how much we have to celebrate – and how much we still need to do to protect and restore nature here in the UK. That is why we put in law the requirement to halt the decline in nature and protect the abundance of species and why we are committed to increasing the amount of habitat for nature to thrive. Just this week, I announced that we will look afresh at how we can do more to support our globally significant colonies of seabirds, by protecting the sandeels on which vulnerable species like kittiwakes and razorbills rely. Already, 40% of English waters are in Marine Protected Areas – and last week, I announced our first ever Highly Protected Marine Areas, to help us enhance important habitats. This means there will be no fishing or other marine industrial activities which will support species from dolphins and porpoises to fragile ross worm reefs. This built on the successful negotiation of two new global biodiversity agreements to protect nature onshore and offshore, protecting at least 30% of the global ocean and planet Earth by 2030. In England, we are taking action across our landscapes and coastlines through the comprehensive Environmental Improvement Plan, that I launched at the start of this year – ranging from restoring our National Parks to cleaning up our rivers to planting more trees. We will do even more to harness the power of nature to tackle the causes of climate change and increase our resilience by rewarding our farmers, the original friends of the earth, for their sustainable food production and stewardship of the natural environment. This means more iconic species like barn owls, butterflies, red squirrels, dormice, and hedgehogs will have the habitats and conditions they need to flourish. As a scientist, I am particularly proud of the way we support the world-class UK scientific expertise that is vital to making all our efforts more effective – including the great British gardens and museums that are consecrated to the history of the natural world and to our shared future. We bring this experience and expertise into our work to help secure wonders of the natural world overseas as well – from the Amazon and Galápagos Islands to the Blue Belt of marine protected areas around the UK Overseas Territories. To protect and restore nature is a truly national endeavour in which we can all play a part. So as well as settling down on our sofas for the best telly in town this Sunday, I hope that we will all wake up on Monday inspired on how we can all pitch in to help make this the decade that we put nature on a road to recovery for good – leaving the environment in a better place than we inherited.