These people have no idea what the reality of the challenge is for those on the frontline, or what it’s like for my constituents. But we in the Conservative Party listen to real people, not left-wing so-called charities and campaigners – so we are taking a stand against criminal gangs and their customers.  The promise of asylum in Britain has led to the shipping of thousands of supposed “refugees” across the channel, with them being dumped them on the doorsteps of ordinary Brits who are paying £7m a day to put them up in hotels. The Labour Party would have you believe that these arrivals are refugees fleeing danger and war. But the last time I checked, there isn’t a war in France. The reality is that most of these people are adult, male, economic migrants, who want to use our public services and claim our welfare. Why should these people benefit from four-star hotel accommodation and taxpayer-funded meals, whilst people graft hard to benefit their families and their country? Illegal immigration undermines those coming here by legal routes, it is queue jumping under the cloak of ‘asylum’.  So we are removing the supposed ‘golden ticket’ that has made the UK look like a promised land to criminal gangs and their customers. We are delivering on our promises to tackle inflation and cut backlogs, and we are not going to let small boats sabotage that. You’ll see Labour do their usual thing with this. Slippery Starmer has refused to even mention migration. People in his own shadow cabinet like Yvette Cooper even want to “encourage asylum”, and his MPs line up in droves to protest any sort of border controls. Starmer’s cosy relationship with his human rights lawyer pals has led to court case after court case trying to stop us deporting violent criminals and relocating those with no right to be here to Rwanda. But I’m proud of our country. I’m proud of the strength of this party and this government. And so I’m proud of what we are doing to stop the small boats and end this illegal trade.