Passengers on a nightmare flight forced to land at a closed airport faced nine hours of hell after their plane started shaking "like crazy", it has been reported. The flight travelling from Baltimore to Raleigh had to be diverted after the plane started shaking, leaving passengers terrified and vomiting with one even passing out, according to one couple onboard the flight. The Southwest aircraft was diverted to Myrtle Beach International Airport overnight, leaving passengers stranded in a closed terminal, with little information or food for nine hours. The ordeal happened on Friday, a couple onboard the flight told WNCN. The journey was supposed to last 75 minutes, but passengers were stranded for hours, waiting until they could carry on with their journey to Raleigh, North Carolina. The Boeing 737 plane was battered by bad weather close to Raleigh and ran low on fuel, an airline official confirmed. As the plane started its descent, it began shaking "like crazy", passenger Nicholas Reed told WNCN. Nicholas was travelling with his girlfriend, Krys Spence, and both recall seeing at least three other passengers vomit, while one had a panic attack and passed out. But the frightened passenger said most people were "pretty silent" as he guessed they were "in suspense like ‘this could be it’." Nicholas said: "It was quite a horrifying experience." READ MORE: Holiday horror as passenger is stung by scorpion mid-flight The landing was diverted at around 1,350 feet and was directed to Myrtle Beach International Airport, according to flight data, where it remained for several hours. Passengers were unable to leave the plane for two hours but were then free to roam inside the abandoned airport for around four hours. “We couldn’t go anywhere because they wouldn’t give us our luggage,” Reed said. He added: "One group of guys found a bar and went behind it and just started pouring themselves drinks—because there was no security.” An empty plane arrived at around 1am and rescued the passengers, flying them the short distance to Raleigh airport. Southwest Airlines released a statement Saturday about the ordeal. It said: "We made the decision to safely divert Southwest flight 3094 (BWI – RDU) to MYR due to weather conditions at RDU. We brought in another crew and aircraft to transport the passengers to their final destination as soon as we were able to safely do so."  Southwest Airlines also said: "We apologise for the inconvenience and encourage passengers to reach out to our customer relations team with any concerns." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews