Hospital patients were treated to a sense of elation after they woke up to a "get well soon" message left in the snow after Sheffield was blanketed in fresh snowfall and temperatures plunged across Britain. Many residents got to revel in the snow day, however, patients at a Sheffield hospital were not able to enjoy the wintry conditions from inside. So, a group of well-wishers gathered and wrote a touching message in the powder for the patients to see from their windows.   Patients were said to be overjoyed and surprised to see a message reading "get well soon" along with a smiley face written in the snow. The massive message is said to have been the work of a group of lads, eyewitnesses told The Star. One woman told the publication: "My husband has been very ill this week and it’s been very difficult, when the nurse took me by the shoulders and said ‘I’ve got something to show you’, and had me look out the window. "I think it’s such a lovely gesture." READ MORE: Lili's title will move her 'beyond' the 'normal' childhood planned  In Sheffield snow has been "heavy at times" as the Met Office issued an amber snow warning across much of the city, meaning "blizzard-like conditions" are expected overnight. Forecasters have predicted temperatures to fluctuate between 1C and freezing overnight. However, it is predicted the real feel will be closer to -4C for most of Friday due to a bitter breeze. As the North Yorkshire city experienced snow, sleet and rain, some primary and secondary schools in the city decided to remain closed and have a snow day. Don't miss... Lili's title will move her 'beyond' the 'normal' childhood planned [INSIGHT] Groceries chain probe after South American meat labelled 'British' [LATEST] Serving Met Police officer guilty of child sex offences is sacked [REVEAL] Roads and rail systems were also affected by the adverse weather conditions on Thursday, which is set to continue into Friday. National Highways urged people to drive only if necessary. National Highways executive director of operations, Duncan Smith, said: "We are well prepared and our gritters have been out in full force since Friday and will continue to treat the roads. "We are asking drivers to plan ahead, check the forecast and allow more time for their journeys."