Elon Musk has laughed at a disabled ex-Twitter employee in a public row after the former member of staff asked if he still had a job. Haraldur Thorleifsson, known as Halli, sold his tech company Ueno to the social media platform in 2021.  The 45-year-old, who was born with muscular dystrophy, had been a paid member of staff due to an agreement with the company. A majority of the purchase price was paid to him as a salary to maximise the tax he would pay for the sale in Iceland. Halli claimed such an arrangement would assist those who need benefits from the Icelandic social system. However, his status at Twitter was brought into question when his employment was allegedly terminated during a recent round of cutbacks. Halli, who was reportedly on the company's "do not fire list", also said he did not receive any confirmation from Twitter. JUST IN: Joe Biden's tax-hiking Budget hits 'winning issue' as POTUS can channel 'populist' anger He approached Musk via the social media platform to seek clarity on his situation. In a post seen by over 17million users, Halli wrote: "Dear Elon Musk. "Nine days ago the access to my work computer was cut, along with about 200 other Twitter employees. "However, your head of HR is not able to confirm if I am an employee or not. "You've not answered my emails. Maybe if enough people retweet you'll answer here?"  Musk responded just four hours later, saying: "What work have you been doing?" After Halli voiced concern about such an answer breaching confidentiality, Musk added: "It's approved, you go ahead." Halli highlighted his previous work at Twitter, even claiming he led and hired designing teams. When asked for proof, he wrote: "You locked my computer. I don't have access to any pics or docs. If you want to have it opened I can get you things."  DON'T MISS: Woman wins £125k plot for goats after claiming squatter's rights [LATEST] Prince Harry needs to be 'set straight' after drug use admission [INSIGHT] Prince Harry trying to brand Meghan Markle as 'Mother Theresa' [SPOTLIGHT] Musk later tweeted two crying with laughter emojis, before responding with a link to a clip from 1999 movie Office Space asking: "Would you say you’re a people person?" The Tesla CEO also claimed Halli "did not actual work", adding "his excuse that he had a disability that prevented him from typing, yet was simultaneously tweeting up a storm". The ex-employee said on his personal website that he uses a wheelchair and is "slowly but surely losing strength in my upper body and arms". Following the exchange, Twitter's Human Resources chief later confirmed Halli no longer had a job. Halli is not sure if he will be paid the money he is still owed by Twitter.