Beyond Paradise is back on BBC One and the Death in Paradise spin-off welcomes back Kris Marshall as Humphrey Goodman. With each episode he investigates a new mysterious case, with some incredible guest stars joining as the supporting cast. He and co-star Felicity Montagu spoke to Express.co.uk and other press about working alongside Rufus Jones. In the upcoming episode of Beyond Paradise, the peaceful community of Shipton Abbott is rocked when a beloved painting called the Solo Mare disappears. A heist has taken place while plans are in motion for its appearance at an exhibition. The artwork was under the guard of PC Kelby Hartford (Dylan Llewellyn) at the time. Kelby feels responsible and Humphrey goes through a lot of effort to recover the priceless piece. The episode stars Rufus Jones as art dealer, Terence Witham. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Humphrey actor Marshall praised the iconic guest star, saying: "We had some great guest stars, I loved so many. "I loved Rufus Jones, he plays this art dealer and he's absolutely magical at that, you can just see." Mentioning some previous guest heroes, he said: "We had Ruth Madoc in what sadly turned out to be her final performance on TV. "Obviously I'm of the age where Saturday night...Sunday night maybe, when I was a kid we would light the fire and toast crumpets and watch Hi-De-Hi! and she was a massive part of my childhood in terms of joy. "Although it was bittersweet in the end to work with her, she was so vibrant as well, delightful. "And Phil Daniels, legend, and Phil playing a character called Marvellous Harris, what's not to love about that? "And Phil doing a Devon accent as well, we all know Phil Daniels' voice from everything so it was incredible to work with him as well." Margo Martins star Montagu also praised Rufus Jones for his performance. Don't miss... The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [INTERVIEW] Beyond Paradise bosses 'nearly didn't get' huge guest star  [INSIGHT] Death in Paradise star addresses Beyond Paradise cross-over  [INTERVIEW] When Kelby star Llewellyn was asked who he was excited to work with, he said: "Me personally, I loved working with Rufus Jones, I thought he was super funny." To which Montagu responded: "I second that, Rufus has done some astonishing work over the past five or six years. "And I just think the fact he was on the cast list was like wow, gosh, they really have gone all out here." Llewellyn continued: "It shows how good a project it is that they got all these faces to come and join, it shows it's something special." Zahra Ahmadi, who plays Detective Sergeant Esther Williams, touched on what viewers can expect from the series. She said: "To be enthralled and hooked on the cases we solve this series. "The audience are invited along to try and work out the case with us, at the same time as being massively entertained by the great scripts. "As well as the core cast, the guest artists have got strong backgrounds in comedy, so there are some hilarious moments. "We had a brilliant time filming, with probably quite a few outtakes as well." Beyond Paradise airs on BB One on Fridays at 8pm.