Declan Rice has been backed to switch West Ham for Arsenal this summer. Gabriel Agbonlahor reckons the midfielder would prefer to join Chelsea but will end up at the Emirates. Rice is out of contract at West Ham at the end of next season. The club do have the option to extend that by a further year but a decision on his future will need to be made soon. The England star has rejected offers of a new deal at the London Stadium so far. Chelsea have long been linked with Rice after releasing him at the age of 14. Manchester United and Manchester City are also admirers. But Arsenal have emerged as strong contenders and are confident of sealing a deal. READ MORE: Tottenham could sign four PSG stars as owners 'plan to clear out £100m'  Agbonlahor reckons a return to boyhood club Chelsea would be Rice's preferred option. However, he says the arrival of Enzo Fernandez at Stamford Bridge may block his path into the Blues team. However, the pundit can see Rice leapfrogging both Thomas Partey and Jorginho in the pecking order at Arsenal. He said on talkSPORT, via The Boot Room: "I think he would rather Chelsea maybe, he was there as a kid, but he got let go. You’ve got Enzo Fernandez there, that they’ve just signed. "They’ve got a lot of midfielders Chelsea, and the way Arsenal are playing at the moment, he might look at the project under Arteta and think ‘Why not? I could go in there, Jorginho isn’t going to be playing much, Thomas Partey is always injured'. "Declan Rice gets into that side, he keeps his place, he keeps those two players out probably next season. So, I think Declan Rice will join Arsenal." DON'T MISSRoy Keane gushes over 'next Grealish' as Tottenham and Newcastle to battle for starChelsea could sign four PSG stars to transform fortunes with 'mass exodus on cards'Man Utd told they have a future Balon d'Or winner for Ten Hag alongside Rashford  Arsenal only signed Jorginho from Chelsea in January. However, his contract is only due to run until the summer of 2024. Partey, meanwhile, has been a standout player for Mikel Arteta this season. But he has again not been able to stay fully fit after an injury-troubled first couple of years in north London. Chelsea are likely to be busy again in the summer despite spending over £600million in the last two windows. However, improving in attack is surely set to be their priority. Graham Potter's side have scored just one goal in their last six matches in all competitions. The arrival of Christopher Nkunku from RB Leipzig in the summer will help in that regard.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here