Season three of ITV’s hit crime drama Grace will be starting this Sunday (March 19) with three new cases to keep viewers gripped. The show is adapted from the Grace novels by acclaimed author Peter James, whose books have sold more than 21 million copies to date. Actors Richie Campbell and John Simm will be reprising their roles as Glenn Branson and Roy Grace respectively. This year, Grace has adapted James’ books Dead Like You, Dead Man’s Grip and Not Dead Yet. Opening up about the new series, Campbell, 41, said season three was the strongest one to date and hinted viewers could be getting a very dark set of cases. He said: “I think this season has definitely stepped up in my opinion. “It felt filmic before, it was very filmic and it feels like we’re all in our stride with this one. It’s good.” Campbell went on to address Grace’s tone: “That’s what’s lovely. When people are stopping us on the streets or whatever, that’s the thing they say they love. They love the fact it’s a dark show. “It’s not your typical Sunday night viewing, it’s got a bit of edge to it and also you just don’t know where’s it’s going.” He addd: “And then you’ve got the through line of these team and characters, I think that’s like the winning formula. Hopefully, we can stick to it.” Campbell is known for his roles in Anuvahood, Waterloo Road, Liar and Top Boy and will be appearing in the upcoming Sumotherhood movie, which is in production. Along with Liar, Grace is one of Campbell’s biggest recurring roles to date with the actor being part of the series since it began in 2021. Reflecting on reprising his role as Branson, he said: “The good thing is that you’ve got the long-form to really create these characters and little nuances and things like that, which is lovely because people can invest in these characters. “Also, over time you get to understand their relationships with other people, their relationships within the police force, all of that kind of stuff. “It’s enjoyable because there’s a lot to put in and also because we know the world is so big and there are 19 books, so it feels like it’s got great trajectory. “It doesn’t feel like we’re just playing the characters for characters’ sake. It doesn’t seem long.” This season will see a new side to Grace and Branson’s dynamic with the two officers living together. Campbell said it was “lovely” to play those moments opposite his co-star Simm as it delved further into their partnership. The storyline really allowed both stars to delve into more of the emotional side between Grace and Branson alongside solving these sinister crimes. The star also admitted the trickiest part of Grace wasn’t the emotional scenes but rather the police jargon they had in the scripts. DON'T MISS...Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [VIEWER REACTION]Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [INSIGHT]Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [VIDEO] Episode one of the new series follows a chilling event at the Royal Edward Hotel on the night a senior police officer is holding their leaving do. Grace and Branson are thrust into a difficult position which sees them having to interview all the guests including some high ranking officers from the East Sussex Police. The detective will be left perturbed with the crime having hallmarks to another case he’s seen before. Grace begins to wonder if a new copycat criminal is at work or if the original offender has resurfaced. Grace season 3 starts on ITV1 on Sunday at 8pm