Lewis Hamilton could leave Mercedes to join Ferrari if the Silver Arrows are not competitive this season. Sky Sports host Simon Lazenby said he wouldn’t “rule out” Hamilton making a move to the Prancing Horse if he was not fighting at the front with his current team. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, Lazenby stated that a move could definitely be on the cards if the Scuderia solidifies its place ahead of Mercedes in the pecking order. When asked if Hamilton could ditch Mercedes if they underperformed in 2023, Lazenby responded: “I wouldn't rule it out. “I think if anyone deserves an opportunity to be in the best possible car to be racing Max Verstappen it's Lewis Hamilton. He's not going to join Red Bull while Max is there. It's the desire of all drivers to drive for Ferrari. “In the past, Lewis has been quoted as saying he would like to drive for Ferrari. If Ferrari moves comfortably ahead of Mercedes I wouldn't rule it out." Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on an extension to his Mercedes deal which expires at the end of this season. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton concerns raised by Ted Kravitz before Bahrain GP Toto Wolff claimed the pair had been in talks but that there was no deadline over getting an agreement finalised. However, Jenson Button has claimed Hamilton’s delay was due to Hamilton’s uncertainty over the W14. Hamilton has previously admitted that driving for Ferrari’s iconic red cars would be a “dream” for many F1 stars. He told Sky Italia: “For many years, when I came to Monza, walking next to the fans... I could hear them saying 'Come to Ferrari!' “This warmed my heart, but it's pretty amazing that I've never driven for Ferrari in so many years. Because it is a dream for anyone, a goal to be achieved.” DON'T MISS Lando Norris 'the number one pick' to replace Lewis Hamilton [INSIGHT]Martin Brundle uses Liverpool to explain worrying Mercedes situation [ANALYSIS]Russell sent ominous warning after 'easy' first year at Mercedes [COMMENT] However, last year he told Corriere della Sera that he would “always be a Mercedes driver” as the team are his “family”. Keeping Hamilton happy could be another tough test for Wolff who has the pressure of returning the iconic German manufacturer to the front of the field. The team appeared to struggle in testing in Bahrain after a hydraulics issue plagued their running on Friday. It left Hamilton and George Russell having to dial down expectations ahead of the opening race on Sunday. But despite the frustrations, Hamilton could still stick with the team which have helped him yield six of his seven Drivers’ Championships.