Karren Brady has used her latest column to condemn the actions of Pat Sharp and Kyle Walker's alleged flashing. The Apprentice favourite spoke of her own experience of the latter, branding it "bewildering". The 53-year-old was just 10 when she was flashed at in a department store. She claimed the term "made light" of the act, in the wake of allegations about the Manchester City footballer, 32. Women know times have changed, why don't men like Kyle?, Karren questioned in the title of her piece. The businesswoman called out the two stars, before discussing what happened to her. READ MORE: James Martin fumes 'the world’s gone mad' as he snubs health warning She wrote: "The word 'flashing' makes light of an act that is actually an aggressive form of sexual intimidation and I'm pleased the world is finally waking up to this fact." Karren then recalled to The Sun On Sunday: "I was flashed in a department store when I was about ten years old. "It was bewildering, disgusting and shocking." It comes just days after DJ Pat, 61, lost his Greatest Hits Radio job, after "humiliating" a female entrepreneur onstage. He announced that, although his contract was not due to expire until the end of March, he would "not be returning with immediate effect" to the station. Pat insisted he feels "truly sorry" about what happened, stating: "Last Friday, I made a joke on stage which was not well received. "I upset one individual in particular and for that I am truly sorry. "I apologised at the event to anyone who was offended and I have apologised to the individual personally too." Don't miss... Piers Morgan demands BBC suspend David Attenborough over Lineker row [ROW] BBC star Richard Osman slams 'pathetic' Gary Lineker MOTD decision [LATEST] Jeremy Clarkson speaks out on Gary Lineker after Meghan backlash [COLUMN] Karren said she is "thankful" he is no longer in his job. She stated: "We've moved on from the overt sexism and misogyny of the Nineties and things have clearly changed for the better." The BBC star went on to discuss Kyle, after CCTV footage appeared to show him pulling down his trousers and exposing himself in a Cheshire bar. "In what universe does any man think it's OK to get your penis out in public?" Karren questioned. Kyle is facing an investigation by Cheshire police. According to a report in the aforementioned publication, the star was drinking with friends on the Sunday after City’s 2-0 Premier League win over Newcastle. Under the Sexual Offences Act 2003, a person commits indecent exposure if they intentionally expose their genitals and intend that someone will see them and be caused alarm or distress. Cheshire Police said in a statement that enquiries in relation to the incident are in the early stages and no arrests have been made at this time.