Rebel Wilson has been condemned for "slagging off" Meghan Markle after the actress told Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live about meeting the Duchess and her husband Prince Harry. She claimed that while Harry "could not have been nicer", Meghan was "not as cool" and "wasn't as naturally warm". However she did admit that Meghan's coldness could have been because her mother Sue Bownds asked some personal questions, saying: "My mum being Australian asked her all these slightly rude questions like, 'where are your kids?' and things like that". She joked: "Maybe that's why she was like, 'Who are these annoying convicts from Australia?' I'm like, 'Mum, don't ask her that'." Journalist and broadcaster Lorraine King tweeted her anger at the actress' comments on Meghan's attitude, posting: "Hold on. Rebel Wilson's mum asks Meghan Markle rude questions and now Rebel is prattling on about how Meghan wasn't 'naturally warm' to them. "There's a lot to unpick here but let's start off with the fact that you can't expect someone to be welcoming when you are rude to them." She pointed out in another tweet that comedian and presenter Mo Gilligan was accused of being "inappropriate" when he asked Little Mix singer Leigh-Anne Pinnock a similar question about who was babysitting her children at the BRITs. Rebel Wilson appeared on the chat show on Saturday night and explained her encounter with the royal couple to the host. She said: "We went up to Santa Barbara, met Harry, he could not have been nicer." READ MORE: Charles will pretend Harry and Meghan 'do not exist' as feud rages on  "Had you known them before?" Andy asked the actress. Rebel continued: "No we just had a mutual friend in common, a polo player. But then, Meghan was not as cool." It was revealed today that Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank will move into Frogmore Cottage after Harry and Meghan were told to leave. News broke that last week that the Sussexes had been asked to vacate their UK home back in January after Harry's memoir Spare was published.   Don't miss... Inside Royal Lodge - Prince Andrew's £30m home  [LATEST] Will and Kate's Taj Mahal photo conveys 'different romantic story'  [REVEAL] Royals are not celebrities - they serve the public not their banks [OPINION] Harry is close to his cousin, who has even flown over to Montecito to visit him in his new life. A source told OK! Magazine: "The Sussexes are disappointed by the move but couldn’t be happier that Eugenie and Jack will take it over. They have been staying there on and off for the past few years anyway. "They went to see Harry and Meghan last month in California. They took over some small personal belongings left in the property. "They were also helping to box up items at Frogmore to be shipped over to California." 