Tesco customers can enjoy up to 43 percent off chocolate Easter treats this March, with new Clubcard offers now active across a range of branded favourites. Large Cadbury, Nestle and Terry's eggs are just some of the products being sold for £2 in stores across the UK, but you'll have to be quick if you want to enjoy the discounts. As food prices go up across supermarket shelves, shoppers looking to save some money on Easter treats can enjoy huge discounts in Tesco from today. A total of 22 popular chocolate products have been reduced to just £2 for a two-week period. Clubcard members shopping both in-store and online can enjoy the deals from Wednesday, March 1 to Tuesday, March 14. A spokesperson for Tesco said: "Deals can be unlocked through the Tesco App, or when using your Clubcard or fob at the checkout, or automatically when shopping online.  " READ MORE: Onions at risk of joining tomatoes and cucumbers in salad shortage The offers apply to Cadbury, M&Ms, Galaxy, Kit Kat and Terry's products with a range of brand-new flavours and eggs to try. Cadbury Mini Egg Bar (360g)Inspired by the classic Cadbury Mini Eggs, the brand-new bar is exclusively available at Tesco for 2023. Customers can buy the bar for the £2.00 Clubcard Price, down from £3.50. DON'T MISS...Restaurants told to include grey squirrel on their menus [LATEST]Tesco recalls popular condiment due to health fears [WARNING]Café ordered to remove free food after single complaint to council [INSIGHT] Cadbury Twirl Shell Egg This large egg is another new addition to Cadbury's Easter range for 2023. For £2, you get one Cadbury milk chocolate Easter egg with an "indulgent" Twirl chocolate bar as an "extra treat". Terry’s Chocolate Orange Egg and Mini Milk Eggs A third new addition to Tesco shelves is this tangy orange-flavoured milk chocolate egg, sold alongside a pack of chocolate orange mini eggs with a crispy sugar shell. Clubcard holders can save £1 on this item thanks to the 33 percent discount. READ MORE: Two-ingredient breakfast bagel recipe that takes just 10 minutes Cadbury Giant Buttons Easter Egg For chocolate button-lovers looking for an egg, this new product is one to try this Easter. The hollow egg comes with a pack of Dairy Milk Buttons, all for just £2 rather than the usual £3. Old favourites have also returned to shelves this March. The full list of discounted products includes: