Prince George is unlike other nine-year-olds in that he is one of the most famous children on the planet and the future King of England. But the pre-teen must still retain a sense of normalcy and "fun" despite his royal responsibilities to come. Savannah Phillips provides this for him, whilst still being a good role, according to an expert. Body language expert Judi James spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the young boy's close friend in the Royal Family. While the whole family show adoration for the eldest Wales child, Savannah in particular acts as George's friend and mentor. She gives him the opportunity to have fun and enjoy his childhood whilst also help moulding him into the future monarch he is destined to be. Judi said: "As heir to the throne George is under the most pressure of all the Queen’s great-grandchildren to learn and perform the etiquette and protocol of public royal events. READ MORE: Will and Kate's Taj Mahal photo conveys 'different romantic story' "And with his parents and even his sister Charlotte on hand to provide coaching and the odd nudge he is quickly growing into his role." The expert continued: "There is one royal though who seems able to ensure the fun factor is still present and that he is enjoying himself as he learns to cope. "Savannah Phillips is Princess Anne’s granddaughter and at eleven she is the oldest of her generation of royal children. Don't miss... Kate and Camilla were near style twins at royal event - pictures [PICTURES] 'Meanest sign' according to Chinese zodiac [ASTROLOGY] Hair expert warns against style which 'draws attention to crows feet' [EXPERT] "She always looks super-popular, confident and playful and George’s body language when he is with her suggests a certain amount of hero-worship from him for her ability to make him grin." Peter Phillips and Autumn Kelly's daughter Savannah is unfazed by George's royal status, according to the expert, which has allowed them to develop a normal childhood friendship. Judi explained: "Savannah clearly has no sense of royal hierarchy when it comes to George and was once seen pushing the future king down a grassy hill at polo." She is the "perfect blend of mentor and playmate" for George, also happy to step in as a slightly older royal to keep the little ones in check. READ MORE: Kate is ‘most relaxed as a parent’ with one child in particular She was able to keep him in line at Trooping the Colour in 2018, and months later have him in hysterics at Princess Eugenie's wedding. The expert continued: "Savannah’s body language might make her look like the naughty one in the family but she is also adept at keeping a more grown-up eye on the littler royals, checking them when they get too boisterous but also playing with them to stop them from getting bored. "She playfully shushed George on her first appearance on the royal balcony and she had him entranced with her pretend trumpet-playing at a royal wedding. "At the Jubilee she sat behind George, Louis and Charlotte, ensuring they all joined in the fun with all Princess Anne’s grandchildren in the seats behind." But who else does Prince George share a special relationship with in the Royal Family? According to Judi, the young Prince has a "profound bond" with King Charles, and has started to walk in his grandfathers' footsteps when it comes to royal duties, gardening and the environment. He is also a "mini-me" of Prince William, the expert claimed, and said he could grow up to be the "wingman" his dad will need.