A 70-year-old former heavy smoker whose teeth were left in a dire state now looks "10 years younger" after getting implants. Paul Pilkington, a grandad of 18, used to be too self-conscious to smile because his teeth were yellow and rotting. He quit smoking after his wife, Mandy, died at 50 in 2020 due to a heart attack. Paul went to Turkey and forked out £7,000 on a new set of teeth, and he is over the moon with the results. He said: “I requested to have all my teeth removed. Three were loose, and four were damaged. "Logic said rather than trying to match up what was already in my mouth, it was better just to remove the whole lot. I worked in entertainment all my life and was always self-conscious being in front of people every day. READ MORE: The exercises that helped grandad, 73, run 200 miles - what he did "I never used to smile properly because I didn't want people to see my teeth. "I also had some which were loose and it was painful to chew on them. "But now I can't stop grinning and I don't have to worry about any of that any more. "The transformation changed everything. My confidence is through the roof now. "People say it's taken 10 years off me.” Paul was fitted with temporary dentures and sent home for his implants to embed securely into his mouth. DON'T MISSElle Edwards' grandad shares touching message following funeral [INSIGHT]'Twilight TikTokers' racking up millions of views on social media [SOCIAL]Granddad died after being left submerged in pool for 11 minutes [NEWS] On his new look, Paul added: "I get compliments all the time now. "A lot of my friends have told me it's taken 10 years off me - or more! I agree they make me look a lot younger. "You sometimes see these young people go abroad and get these bright white teeth done that look false. "Mine look totally natural and exactly what I wanted. "I had the transformation done and this time they made sure they were an absolutely perfect fit with no pain. "When I looked in the mirror and saw them, I just felt brilliant. The transformation was unbelievable - I couldn't believe it. "You get so many horror stories of people getting their teeth done abroad, but if you do your research it's totally fine. "I have no regrets whatsoever - except not getting it done sooner. "I know Mandy would have wanted me to do this too.”