ABC’s hit talk show, The View returned on Monday with hosts Whoopi Goldberg, Sara Haines, Ana Navarro, Sunny Hostin and Alyssa Farah Griffin discussing current affairs. As Whoopi introduced a segment on Donald Trump’s recent CPAC speech, she was booed by the studio audience.  The former United States president became the topic of discussion following his speech at the annual Conservative Political Action Conference. However, the conversation sparked controversy and was met with a negative response from the audience. As the programme returned from break, Whoopi stated: “So, welcome back,” before groaning loudly. Alluding to Donald Trump, she continued: “You know who was the closing act at CPAC on Saturday.” READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Before she could finish her sentence, the studio audience also groaned and booed at Whoopi for bringing up the 45th US President. After hearing the crowd, a defeated Whoopi admitted: “Well, we’ve got to talk about it, you know.” She continued: “He rattled off about, I don’t know 20, 30 lies about his accomplishments as President before making this pitch to the party.” “Take a look,” Whoopi added as a clip from Trump’s speech played out of him reflecting on his time as President, but as it came to an end, he claimed: “I am your retribution.”   When the show returned to the studio, Whoopi hit back: “Well fight yourself.” While the studio audience clapped and laughed, she stated: “Take retribution on yourself. “I know you think this message is still going to land with voters and maybe it will, maybe the party has moved on.” Whoopi ranted: “Depending on if you were watching Fox News, you’ve kind of got an idea of some of the lies that you’ve been putting out there they were backing.” DON'T MISS...Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg slams The View audience member in tense on-air clash [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg branded 'rude' as she sparks backlash on The View [REACTION]   Elsewhere in the episode, Whoopi took a moment to address a major change to the show. Addressing the audience, the host remarked: “Look at y'all sitting up here with no masks on.” As they cheered, Whoopi added: “Wait a minute now. So I’m talking and in my mind, I’m going what is different about this audience? And then it hits me. No masks. “Because I saw your smile and I saw your teeth. It’s great, we’re getting back to where we were.”  Since the mask mandate was actioned three years ago, the studio audience has been forced to wear masks and the show was highly criticised for this rule. Sara also noted it was “nice to see their faces". During the episodes, the hosts welcomed actor Brendan Fraser to discuss his latest movie, The Whale and he too noticed the change. Looking into the audience he shared it was nice to see their “beautiful faces” again.  The View continues weekdays from 11am ET on ABC in the USA. 