A vigil is being held for the three people who died after their car crashed on Friday. Eve Smith, Darcy Ross and Rafel Jeanne died in the crash, while two people remain seriously ill in hospital. The five people involved in the accident were not found for two days after being reported missing - with Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) launching an investigation into how police dealt with the incident. IOPC director David Ford said: "My thoughts go out to the families and friends of those who have tragically lost their lives, to those who have been injured, and indeed to the many people who have been affected by this incident. After careful assessment of referrals from Gwent Police and South Wales Police we have decided to independently investigate how police responded to the missing person reports. "We will be examining what information police had, the grading given to any risk assessments, and the steps taken by police to locate the missing people prior to the Volkswagen Tiguan being found just after midnight on Monday. "We will also consider what communication took place between the two forces and whether police action was appropriate and followed relevant policy and procedures. Our investigation is at a very early stage. "We will be contacting the families involved to express our sympathies, explain our role ,and set out how our investigation will progress. We are aware of the significant community concern about the tragic events that have unfolded and would like to assure everyone that we will conduct a thorough and timely investigation."  Those attending the vigil can be seen holding heart shaped pink and blue balloons as people gather at the crash site off Cardiff Road. Paul David, 56, from Newport is one of those attending the vigil this evening. While he did not know any of the individuals personally, he wanted to come down to show his respect. But he added he also felt "really guilty" because he had passed the wooded area where the car was found around 4pm on Saturday when he was on the bus with his son. He told WalesOnline: "My son felt sick and he wanted to get off the bus…that makes me really feel gutted. My son likes to look around - maybe we could’ve found them." READ MORE: Vigilante gang hunt down killer minutes after he murdered their friend  Throughout Monday flowers and tributes were laid at the roundabout where the car was discovered. A planned road closure will be put in place between the A48 off slip eastbound to Cypress Drive roundabout and will not re-open until it is safe to open the carriageway. On Tuesday afternoon police issued a detailed statement on their investigation into the crash so far.  Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and inquiries are ongoing. Don't miss... Wife finds husband's mummified body in 'hoarder home'  [INSIGHT] Man and woman charged with murder over death of one-year-old boy [LATEST] Police break silence after families' fury over triple fatal crash [COMMENT] People have also set off fireworks as a two-minute silence was held for the victims of the fatal crash. Sue Hiscox, 74, who lives just round the corner from the crash site, said: "When I heard about all this yesterday I spent the whole day crying because five young people weren’t found and they were dying in that car for two days. "One would like to think [the three victims] were killed straightaway because you wouldn’t like them to suffer. I just find it so terribly sad…this is horrific. "The fact that they weren’t found – there is a farm house only 50 yards away…but nobody knew they were there." 