James Corden apologised after he was accused of being "the most abusive customer" to set foot in the New York-based French fine dining restaurant Balthazar. A manager at the Michelin-starred venue has now claimed that the woman he insulted has been left needing therapy. When boss Keith McNally publicly banned the Gavin and Stacey star from the eatery, James, 44, initially claimed he didn't think he'd done anything wrong. In a new interview, manager Zouheir Louhaichy blasted: "Are you kidding me? The poor server needs therapy now, and you tell me you didn't do anything?" He added during a chat with Interview magazine that the majority of celebrities he's met have been "nice people" and claimed James' behaviour was an exception to the rule. "She's one of the loveliest servers we have! It's unfortunate," he continued. READ NOW: Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update Restaurant manager Keith McNally originally addressed the issue back in 2022 in lengthy Instagram posts detailing the alleged incident. Describing him as a "tiny cretin of a man", Keith stated that James had complained in June of a hair in his food. However, he claims the comic's reaction to his apology was no laughing matter. "Get us another round of drinks this second... And also take care of all our drinks so far," he claimed that James had insisted. The former Gavin and Stacey star is alleged to have then suggested he could post negative reviews on Yelp if the matter wasn't dealt with to his satisfaction and if the costs of the drinks were not removed from his bill. James returned to the restaurant in October the same year and another incident occurred. His wife Julia has a "serious allergy" to egg whites and they became "frustrated" when her omelette arrived with egg white mixed with the yolk. James is alleged to have exploded, yelling: "You can't do your job! Maybe I should go into the kitchen and cook the omelette myself!" Speaking on his CBS show, James initially insisted: "I didn't shout or scream, I didn't get up out of my seat, I didn't call anyone names or use derogatory language." However, he did admit: "In the heat of the moment I made a sarcastic rude comment about cooking it myself." Ultimately, he told the world that he "deeply regretted" his behaviour and he is believed to have since apologised to the restaurant. However, Louhaichy has now reacted by suggesting that the server exposed to his rant is still in need of "therapy". Meanwhile, another server, who wished to remain anonymous, has been quoted as saying: "Why would you even bother ordering an omelette if you're allergic to eggs?"