Manchester United players have been urged to refund tickets and pay the travel expenses of those fans who attended the 7-0 mauling at Anfield on Sunday. Red Devils supporters went into the game in the most confident mood they will have been for several years away to Liverpool as a result of their stunning form in recent months, but were hit for seven as United’s dismal recent record at Anfield continued in spectacular fashion. Gary Neville and Roy Keane were among many to slam the United team for their performances, as the visitors capitulated in the second half and conceded six times in 38 minutes while the likes of Bruno Fernandes were questioned as the team struggled to keep their composure at times. Former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor has gone as far as to call on the United stars to compensate their travelling fans for the money they spent on attending the defeat. “You can lose 7-0, you can lose 6-2, 6-1, but not against your rivals,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “You don’t do that, it’s not acceptable. Those poor fans who have gone to the game and left, Manchester United players should definitely be paying for their tickets, travel, whatever it costs because you can’t lose 7-0 to a rival.” Don't miss... Marcus Rashford blasts Man Utd 'nonsense' after Liverpool loss [LATEST] Fernandes was on the receiving end of criticism and there were calls for him to be stripped of the captaincy, but United boss Erik ten Hag has since denied that will happen. However, Agbonlahor felt that another forward player needed to reflect on his performance in Antony, who the pundit believes needs to do more following his big-money summer move from Ajax. “Watching the goals going in I am thinking ‘Why is no one… at least someone should be getting sent off and you’re getting popped and you’re getting terrorised like Manchester United were’. Everyone is digging out Fernandes, what about Antony? Antony if you are not scoring goals and not assisting, three goals this season in the Premier League, zero assists,” Agbonlahor added. Don't miss... Man Utd boss Ten Hag addresses Fernandes doubts after Anfield meltdown [LATEST] Man Utd set for Henderson 'meeting' as Ten Hag makes his mind up [TRANSFERS] FIFA clear the path for Qatar takeover of Man Utd [TAKEOVER] “The least you have got to do as a winger is track back, the least you have got to do is run around and help your full-backs. "He is doing neither and I can’t believe he spent as long as he did on the pitch on Sunday. There’s players that need to be spoken to by Ten Hag and Fernandes is one of them. “It can happen in one-off games but not against your rivals, they should be tight games. If I had lost 7-0 to Birmingham City we would have been chased out of the stadium, you would be hiding at your dad’s house, not even in your own house!”