Buckingham Palace was blindsided by Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's decision to add the title of "Princess" to their statement regarding the christening of their daughter Lilibet Diana, it has been claimed. A source claimed it is true King Charles and Prince Harry spoke about the use of the titles for the Sussexes' children following the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II in September. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat However, the source described this discussion as a "casual conversation", adding there was no formal discussion or agreement on the use of the titles for Prince Archie Harrison and Princess Lilibet. The source told OK! magazine: "King Charles feels railroaded. As far as he was concerned the title matter had not yet been resolved." In accordance with the 1917 Letters Patent issued by King George V, Archie and Lilibet became eligible for their royal titles upon the accession to the throne of King Charles on September 8. The report claimed a conversation on the use and style of titles by the Sussex family was ongoing with the Palace following Meghan and Harry's exit from the Firm as its senior members. Proof of the uncertainty surrounding the use of the titles for Princess Lilibet and Prince Archie, the report added, could be found in the fact that the Royal Family's official website did not update its page on the line of succession to the throne with the children's titles. This was done on Thursday when the updated website presented the name of Harry and Meghan's children as "Prince Archie" and "Princess Lilibet". Upon stepping back from public duties in the spring of 2020, the pair retained their His/Her Royal Highness styles but agreed not to use them in an official capacity. It is understood their children will also not use their HRHs as a consequence. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan issue new statement defending children's titles This comes as Hello! magazine claimed Charles and Harry had agreed on the use of Lilibet and Archie's titles at the end of 2022. The report also added the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are understood to have always wanted their children to have the option of using their titles if they chose to in future. News regarding the use of Lilibet and Archie's titles emerged on Wednesday, when a spokesperson for the Sussexes confirmed the pair's daughters had been christened on March 3. The statement read: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the bishop in the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." Don't miss... King ‘shot himself in foot’ with Archie and Lilibet's title delay [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug'  [ANALYSIS] A few hours later, the Sussexes issued a second statement clarifying the use of the title for their children. It read: "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. "This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace." Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for comment.