King Charles III's coronation will take place on May, 6 when he will finally be crowned alongside his wife Queen Consort Camilla in front of the nation. There has been talk as to whether the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend the historic day as it clashes with their son Archie's fourth birthday. Piers Morgan took a swipe at the couple as they replied to their invitation with a statement from their spokesperson, whilst Harry continues his tour promoting his memoir, Spare. Piers kicked off his show Uncensored on Monday with a raging rant about Harry and the way he has continued to promote his memoir and how he feels about his family. He began: "I am sick of talking about them. Honestly, I am and I think most of us are, they can't stop yapping about themselves and putting themselves into the news agenda so we have to. "Yes, it is Harry and Meghan who have now beguiled us with their truth, so far in interviews with Oprah Winfrey, with James Corden. "They have bashed Britain in six hours of indulgent whining on Netflix, Harry has barely finished the global family-trashing tour of his family-trashing memoir and inevitably he has decided that the world hasn't heard quite enough from him. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find "So Harry's latest whiz is a live therapy session, [where] he reminded us again that he, Harry, is the world's biggest victim." A clip of the live session was played on the show where Dr Gabor Mate said: "At some point, you say towards the end of the book 'when is someone from this family going to break free'." Harry replied: "I have now. It feels great, once the book came out I felt incredibly free and felt a huge weight off my shoulders." Back in the studio, Piers scathed: "Oh shut up. Fans paid £20 each. Imagine paying for that, for 90 minutes of that psychobabble in which Harry revealed he began therapy after a row with Meghan and again divulges his fondness for drugs. "'I started doing it recreationally and then started to realise how good it was for me, I would say it is one of the fundamental parts of my life that changed me and helped me deal with the traumas and pains of the past.' Well if there's an advert for not taking drugs it's old Harry isn't it. "US border agents take a dim view of drug use by non-US citizens, another compelling reason why we don't want him at the King's Coronation, we might end up being stuck with him for good. "We're all feeling the same way which is enough... surely enough and yet it won't be will it. It is going to keep going and going and going, depicting themselves as the world's greatest victims, whilst pocketing hundreds of billions of dollars to describe their life as a victim." Piers went on to discuss the drama surrounding their invitation to the King's coronation in May, where he expressed: "There is no end to the self-indulgent arrogance from the Sussex's and their grievances. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [LATEST] GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [WATCH] Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [INSIGHT] "And they have now announced they have been in email correspondence over their attendance to the King's Coronation. "But I quote 'An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time' think about that response for a moment. "The lack of self-awareness is jaw-dropping, they have been invited to the new monarch of Britain's Coronation and they got back to them with an answer of what they thought about it. "Is it any wonder their popularity is plummeting on both sides of the Atlantic, is it any wonder they have become objects of such global ridicule? If you keep lying, we will keep having to cover it." Viewers of the show took to Twitter to express their views on the matter, with Ace Lucero Tech exclaiming: "Speaking the truth!" @James65430783 commented: "Go on Piers!!! Say it how it is..i love it." @Dottylottie83 added: "Keep going @piersmorgan you're the best and always say how it is!" (sic) However, not everyone was on his side as @SwissMama06 fumed: "Truth is you're obsessed with them hence you continue to write/talk about them all the time. "You can't be that sick of writing/talking about them, if you really are you'd write/talk about something/someone else!!" (sic) Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV.