Chelsea fans have warned the club they risk a fan revolt if they put up ticket prices. Tuesday night’s Champions League win over Borussia Dortmund eased the pressure on boss Graham Potter and his expensively-assembled squad. But the Chelsea Supporters’ Trust has told chairman Todd Boehly in an open letter: "The men’s first team is currently having one of the worst seasons since the 1990s. We strongly urge the board to read the sentiment of supporters. "The current disconnect between the team and supporters would only be amplified by increased prices - this could lead to irreversible toxicity." The CST also argues that increasing season ticket prices during a cost of living crisis is "unconscionable and in direct contradiction to CFC's efforts to strengthen community ties and strengthen supporter relations". The letter adds that a rise in the cost of attending home games would have a negative impact on the atmosphere at Stamford Bridge by pricing out some of the most passionate fans. It concludes: "The cost-of-living crisis, ambitious commercial targets, increased expenditure on players & management, alongside a ticket price increase during poor performances could cause the ‘perfect storm’ and force many Chelsea supporters away from Stamford Bridge." The new Chelsea regime froze most ticket prices just days after their takeover, but imposed steep hikes for the cost of watching games from the poshest seats in the West Stand. A season ticket for seats near the halfway line on that side of the ground is now an eye-watering £3,900, with less impressive views coming at £2,900 and £2,250. The most expensive season ticket elsewhere at Stamford Bridge for individual adults is £940 in the West Upper, while the cheapest, in Matthew Harding Lower and The Shed Lower, is £750. Those prices have not changed for the best part of a decade. But the CST says it has "already been approached by a large number of members expressing their concerns over ticket prices and their anxieties over funding". Boehly has been no stranger to splurging the cash since taking over the reigns in west London in May 2022, spending close to £600m ($718m) on 17 players during his short time in charge. In fact, in January, Chelsea spent £319.5m ($382m) - accounting for nearly half of the total expenditure of the Premier League in that month alone.