Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has revealed that he may be in a position to welcome Christian Eriksen back into the first-team picture at Old Trafford before the season draws to a close. The Danish midfielder excelled alongside Casemiro in the engine room for the Red Devils earlier in the campaign but has been sidelined since January after picking up a long-term injury and was initially expected to be out until at least the summer months. Eriksen has been recovering well, though, and it seems that he could be set for an early return to action in what would be a huge boost for United as they aim to back up their recent Carabao Cup triumph by winning the Europa League and FA Cup before the end of the season. Ten Hag delivered a positive update on Eriksen's fitness in Friday's press conference by suggesting that he is likely to play for the Red Devils at some point before the summer break if he continues to progress on an upward trajectory."I think he will play, yeah, definitely," said the United boss. "I can’t tell now the expectation but I think his progress with the rehab is okay. It's going according to plan, so we will definitely see him, but not before the international break.”When asked if Eriksen had been kept around the first-team squad at Carrington over the course of his injury layoff, Ten Hag added: "Oh, yes he is, but his main focus at the moment is to get back as soon as possible because we need all the players." JUST IN: Ten Hag drops hint on Weghorst future at Man Utd after Betis goal Eriksen was in attendance at Wembley with a protective boot on his left leg as United lifted the Carabao Cup earlier this month and insisted that his recovery was going to plan in a brief interview with MUTV, in which he explained that he will need to get back into the swing of bearing weight on his injured limb over the coming weeks."I am feeling well," he said. "It is always boring to be in a boot and to be on crutches, but I have left the crutches and am now only in a boot, and next week that should be gone then finally start learning to walk, but it feels good.  Don't miss... Liverpool have Darwin Nunez headache for defining three-game run [ANALYSIS] Chelsea 'denied' Bruno Guimaraes but Todd Boehly has three options [GOSSIP] Five stars that supported Arsenal growing up including Kane and Zaha  [INSIGHT] "It's been nice, obviously you want to play. Watching from the stands is more nerve-racking than actually playing, but I kept my calm and it is nice to see how happy they are. I am just happy that we won the game."Eriksen managed to chip in with one Premier League goal and seven assists before his injury and will be looking to pick up where he left off when he eventually returns to action for the Red Devils in due course. However, only time will tell if he will be able to inspire United to win more trophies between now and the end of the season as they look to build on their latest Carabao Cup success by adding further silverware to their cabinet at Old Trafford. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.