Fight fans are closer than ever to seeing a heavyweight bout between Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk materialise after the rivals appeared to agree a date for their duel. And all signs suggest the boxing world won't have to wait long for the unification clash. In fact, one of the most highly anticipated fixtures of the year looks set to take place just next month after both fighters said 'yes' to an April 29 showdown at Wembley. That's the date and venue Usyk agreed to after posting a video late on Friday accepting Fury's offer for a 30 per cent portion of the purse. 'The Gyspy King' issued a public pledge to his upcoming adversary, saying that sum would drop by one per cent for every day that Usyk delayed in accepting. But 'The Cat' showed quick reflexes by responding the same day, albeit firing back with conditions of his own. "You will promise to donate [£1million to Ukraine immediately after the fight]," said the 36-year-old, who remains eager to help his country amid its ongoing invasion at Russia's hands. Usyk dared Fury to accept the terms with haste or 'donate one per cent of his purse' to Ukraine's cause for every day he failed to make a decision. READ MORE: Eddie Hearn breaks silence on poor Anthony Joshua ticket sales as fans make feelings clear  After months of turgid progress, however, momentum is all-of-a-sudden shifting quickly towards the fight being made official. And Fury confirmed in the early hours of Saturday morning that his preparations are underway for that April 29 date. “Good morning people, world. Today is the first day of my training for the Usyk fight," said Fury in an Instagram upload while out for a run. "I don’t need six months, four months and all that. I've got six weeks and a week rest. Done. Happy days. And I’m gonna impose my will on this little sneaky motherf****r. Cannot wait. Rule Britannia. Get up." Usyk holds each of the WBA (Super), IBF, WBO, and IBO titles after he beat another English icon in Anthony Joshua twice in as many meetings. Fury, meanwhile, will look to defend the WBC belt he took from Deontay Wilder in 2020 while hoping to complete the heavyweight set. Don't miss... Healy breaks silence on relationship status amid Haye throuple rumours [LATEST] Fury gives final ultimatum to Usyk to save fight as negotiations stall [INFO] Ex-Joshua trainer lifts lid on serious training camp issues for Usyk  [INSIGHT] The 70-30 split of the purse appears straightforward enough for both fighters, though the status of Fury's £1m donation to the Ukraininan appeal is less certain. Barring any unforeseen hiccups, it shouldn't be long before contracts are signed and the fight is rubber-stamped to take place at the end of April, however. Fury, 34, broke Europe's boxing attendance record when he made his Wembley Stadium debut in a sixth-round stoppage of Dillian Whyte almost 12 months ago. However, he and Usyk will hope to sell even more tickets than the 94,000 in attendance for that April 2022 encounter, with the stakes substantially higher this time around.