Domestic abusers jailed for their crimes must be denied the chance to continue their reign of terror from behind bars, campaigners say. Action is being demanded to ensure those imprisoned cannot make everyday life a misery for survivors of abuse and their children. Families have described how jailed fathers have continued to make threats and spied on their partners. This has triggered calls for a tightening of the law to protect children and young people from their “coercive and controlling behaviour”. The push for greater protection comes amid outrage that former pilot Robert Brown – who was jailed for 26 years for manslaughter for bludgeoning wife Joanna Simpson to death with a claw hammer in 2010 – could be released in November having served half his sentence. A campaign to stop Brown walking free has been launched by the victim’s mother, Diana Parkes, and backed by Carrie Johnson. This week they will meet Justice Secretary Dominic Raab. A Government source said Mr Raab would give the case his “absolute closest attention”. Campaigners are also pushing for the Government to abandon a “presumption of parental involvement” when couples split – especially when domestic abuse has taken place. Sarah Burrows, of the charity Children Heard and Seen, said if youngsters do not want to have contact with an imprisoned parent their wishes should be respected. Describing how abuse can continue, she said: “After a father was sentenced to prison, following a long history of domestic abuse, the mum was aware he was watching the house closely via friends and family. “If the mum left the house other than to do the school run, he would phone the home to find out what she was doing and send a friend to take her possessions to punish her.” She also described how a 12-year-old boy received daily calls from his jailed father, who had threatened to harm him if he did not answer. Ms Burrows said: “Prisoners can also control the family by insisting on having phone calls on a fixed day and time. This means children can be restricted in taking part in other activities, such as going to friends’ birthday parties. They cannot live their own life. Instead, they are stuck to a schedule the prisoner controls.” Ms Burrows wants the scope of the Serious Crime Act extended “to include all children so that they can be protected from coercive control”. There is also concern people who have committed domestic abuse but are not in jail can win visiting rights. Women’s Aid points to its 2016 report which found “19 children in 12 families over a 10-year period had been killed by known perpetrators where formal or informal child contact arrangements are in place”. Policy manager Lizzy Dobres said: “Perpetrators of domestic abuse assume power and control over women, and this doesn’t end when the relationship ends. “Many survivors report the abuse became worse once they left the relationship. Despite this, we continue to see the family courts adopt a culture of ‘contact at all costs’.” A Government spokeswoman said: “Judges are required to put the welfare of children first and can remove all rights and powers from a parent who has killed the other.”