As a vocal critic of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, it wasn’t long before Piers Morgan, 57, took to Twitter to speak out on the news. Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, moved into Frogmore Cottage, the couple’s residence in Windsor, in early 2019. However, it has now been claimed Buckingham Palace informed Meghan and Harry about the decision to evict them from the royal property just a few days after the latter’s memoir, Spare, was published. Prince Andrew, 63, has already been offered Meghan and Harry’s vacant cottage, according to reports. It comes three years after Megxit, which saw the Sussexes “step back as senior members” of the Royal Family, before relocating to the US. Piers, who has slammed Prince Harry for sharing revelations about his family in his tell-all book, retweeted the news in view of his 8.4 million followers last night. READ MORE... Angela Rippon details brutal age comment from ex BBC director-general Reacting to King Charles’ reported decision, a move that has been branded Frogxit, Piers simply wrote: “Wow,” accompanied by a fire emoji. Fans took to the comments section of the TalkTV host’s post to weigh in on the situation. One fan celebrated the news along with Piers, writing: “Pmsl well done ur majesty- if all true that is.” “Maybe someone can find a SPARE home for them,” another fan joked. “Harry left England. The RF doesn’t owe him anything,” a Twitter user pointed out. However, a third argued: “Not sure how he can chuck them out if they don’t live there , but good luck with it anyway.” Another fan of the Sussexes quipped to Piers: “It's fine. They've been living rent free in your head for ages anyway.” Express.co.uk has contacted for comment representatives at Buckingham Palace and for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. DON'T MISS:Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlashBangers and Cash star 'leaves wife for much younger colleague'Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' "This surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan's time in the UK," a royal insider claimed to The Sun. "Andrew is resisting the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage after he was offered it last week. "But it shows Harry and Meghan are powerless to stop the eviction." Prince Andrew is said to be against the idea, but Harry and Meghan will have to leave Frogmore Cottage whether or not the King’s brother decides to move in. The Sussexes were gifted the five-bedroom property by the late Queen Elizabeth II as a wedding present in 2018.  The couple arranged £2.4million worth of renovations before moving in the following April.  After Megxit, Harry and Meghan paid back the cost of the renovations to the taxpayer and leased Frogmore for “several years”.  The couple renewed their lease on the home in May 2022, after Princess Eugenie, 32, and her partner Jack Brooksbank left the estate.