Chelsea star Mason Mount has reportedly been suffering from the breakdown in contract negotiations between himself and the club as the saga continues to rumble on without a resolution. Speculation persists that the Blues playmaker could seal a switch to Premier League rivals Liverpool this summer, but it seems his future is far from resolved at Stamford Bridge. Mount is yet to sign a new contract at the club with his current deal set to expire in 15 months' time. He has so far turned down offers to renew his deal, with Todd Boehly eager to hand the midfielder a seven-year contract to ward off interest from Liverpool and Manchester City. The situation has been exacerbated by Mount's dip in form on the pitch after struggling to impress under Graham Potter. Mount was a regular starter under both Lampard and Tuchel, scoring 13 goals and registering 15 assists last season, but he has found himself in and out of the Chelsea side of late and his popularity with the fanbase has been hindered. According to The Sun, dressing room insiders are 'worried' that Mount is 'suffering' due to his contract talks breaking down. A source quoted in the report claims that Mount 'just wants to win things' and is keen to continue doing so with Chelsea, but his frustrations are boiling over. READ MORE: Chelsea warned Mason Mount would 'bite your arm off' to jump ship He won the Champions League in 2020-21 and Club World Cup the following season, as well as reaching the FA Cup final on two occasions, losing to Leicester and Liverpool. However, the issue is far from straightforward as Mount wants his value to be recognised by the club. He has already made over 150 appearances since his debut in 2019 and has been a key figure in the club's recent plans under both Frank Lampard and Thomas Tuchel. Despite that, Mount is currently one of the lowest earners in the team and is believed to be on £60,000-a-week - the same agreement he signed four years ago. His status has undoubtedly changed since then and, with his team-mates Reece James and Raheem Sterling taking home substantially larger pay packets, Mount is keen for parity. DON'T MISSChelsea target Enrique could tempt four former players to join himSterling's reps respond to claims star is unhappy amid Arsenal linksChelsea chief Boehly can break Abramovich record with Potter sacking It is understood he has already turned down offers in the region of £200,000-a-week, with further talks planned towards the end of the season. If Chelsea cannot agree terms, they could look to sell the midfielder to avoid losing him for free in June 2024 when his contract expires. Ironically, it is the Merseyside outfit who are best placed to take full advantage of Mount's contract situation by launching a move for the 24-year-old this summer. It appears confidence is increasing at Anfield about a move for Mount in the region of £50m-60m and that price could decrease the longer he stays in west London without penning a new deal. Klopp wants to rebuild his midfield this summer and views the 24-year-old as an 'ideal' player to be part of that plan, with Jude Bellingham also potentially joining the Reds. The report from talkSPORT claims that it is 'highly likely' that Mount will become a Liverpool player this summer. The move would be represent a coup for Klopp to lure a player away from a direct rival, given Mount's close affiliation with the club. But it remains unclear whether Mount is harbouring for a move to Anfield or simply a better deal with his employers.