It’s a question both implicit and explicit in much of the coverage since the night of 22nd May 2017. It’s a question explored by Sir John Saunders in his Manchester Arena bombing inquiry, published yesterday. The conventional answer is that suicide bomber, Salman Abedi, was radicalised. But what if he wasn’t radicalised – at least not in the way we understand? Radicalisation is usually thought of as some transformative process by which an individual comes to support violence for their worldview. But far from once an upstanding democratic citizen seduced by ISIS’ bloody ideology, Salman Abedi’s “entire experience of Islam” was, according to the inquiry, an extremist one. In other words, Salman Abedi’s spiritual, moral rupture with Manchester, with British democracy and with mainstream Islam, took place long before his decision to act. In fact, the rupture began before he was born, as Libyan Islamists fleeing Gaddafi traded the Southern shores of the Mediterranean for the drizzle of the Northwest in the 1990s. Among them were Salman Abedi’s parents. His dad, Ramadan, was something of a radical Rolodex for the Islamist scene – including a close friendship with a senior al-Qaeda operative connected to the 1998 US Embassy bombings which killed hundreds. His Facebook page was replete with support for Hamas, and the inquiry found he was likely a member of Libyan Islamist militia Martyrs Brigade. Little wonder Salman saw dying for his interpretation of Islam as the highest honour. Salman was not the only one from the city born into this environment. Others from Manchester fought in the Libyan Civil War, while a number of Salman’s peer group were either ISIS sympathisers or actually joined the group in Syria. This pattern can be found elsewhere in Britain and Europe: hotspots of ISIS recruitment which correspond directly to where veterans of other Islamist conflicts settled over thirty years ago. Salman Abedi was not radicalised overnight by slick ISIS propaganda. No, he was the product of three decades of extremist activity in the city. None of this is to absolve him of agency or to implicate others in his heinous act, but to realise that while Salman Abedi was born in Manchester, he was far from raised by it.