DI Sunil ‘Sunny’ Khan (played by Sanjeev Bhaskar) will be joined by DCI Jessica James (Sinéad Keenan) when Unforgotten returns for a fifth series on ITV series. The new detective doesn’t get off to the best of starts but newcomer Sinéad has opened up on the “blessing” of taking over from Nicola Walker.    In an interview with Express.co.uk and other press, Sinéad was asked if she “brought a new dimension to the series”. “I hope so,” Sinéad answered. “All you can do on any job is work with what you've got . “Luckily, the blessing of Unforgotten is you're working with a really top notch writer, scripts, actors and producers. “And continuity as well of those teams which really, really helps you don't get that, I think it's fair to say, in British TV there's always a few writers or different producers every season and a couple of different directors. Read more: Unforgotten’s Sunny Khan star pays sweet tribute to Nicola Walker    “This is all the same. I think that's what helps, that's why it is so special.” The actress revealed Sunny star Sanjeev reached out after hearing she was joining the series. Realising how “daunting” meeting the Unforgotten team could be, the actor suggested the pair meet first. Sinéad continued: “Sanjeev very kindly and thoughtfully contacted me on Twitter when he found that I was going to be coming along.     “The execs had organised a lunch for us to meet but Sanjeev said, ‘That might be a bit daunting. “‘Do you want to meet up beforehand or have a zoom?’ which was very thoughtful. “We did have a Zoom, we were chatting for about an hour which was lovely, which meant that when we did have that very nice posh lunch, I at least had a friend before going into that.” When Jess joins the team, Sunny and the rest of the squad are still processing Cassie’s death. DON'T MISSMarriage star Nicola Walker's past co-stars labelled her 'laziest' [INTERVIEW]Nicola Walker gives rare insight to marriage to Barnaby Kay  [INSIGHT]Nicola Walker addresses Unforgotten exit after Cassie Stuart death [INTERVIEW] She’s determined to make a good impression with her new colleagues however things don’t go quite to plan. She revealed: “From Jess’ point of view, she gets blindsided the morning of her first day and as a result she is not handling her first day the way she had planned or hoped. “She's fully aware this team have experienced the loss of a colleague and friend for a lot of them so they are grieving. “So she's not just coming into a new team, she's coming into a new team because they have lost someone so it's a double whammy really.”    “And then she gets in there, finds out what she finds out in the morning, handles everything terribly and mismanages herself,” she added. The new series will begin with Jess preparing for her first day in her new job. But, as she prepares for the day ahead, viewers are given an unforeseen and devastating introduction to Jess’ family life. Unforgotten returns to ITV.   