Based on the 1990s spy movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger and Jamie Lee Curtis, True Lies on CBS gives the story a revamped look. Harry Tasker's (played by Steve Howey) family believes he is a computer consultant when he is actually a government spy, working on major investigations and fighting crime on a daily basis. But when his wife Helen Tasker (Ginger Gonzaga) finds out the truth, this puts a spanner in the works. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from True Lies.True Lies has been more than a decade in the making as reports of the televised version of the 1994 movie started in 2010. Director James Cameron, who was also behind the film, expressed interest in a series but due to issues like switching channels and changes in those working behind the scenes, its creation has been delayed. Thankfully, the wait is over as filming took place around the USA, including Georgia, Louisiana and California, was wrapped up last year. The spy drama is finally making its debut with some familiar faces leading the cast. READ MORE: Emmerdale producer details one of the ‘most powerful' episodes ever True Lies is making its debut today, Wednesday, March 1, on CBS with its first episode. According to the show's IMDb page, True Lies is going to consist of 13 episodes in total. Unfortunately, viewers won't be able to binge-watch the series as episodes are being released weekly. Therefore, fans of True Lies can expect to see episode two, entitled Public Secrets, to come out next week on Wednesday, March 8, on CBS. Already, a short teaser has been released to give viewers an insight of what's to come. The description for episode two simply reads: "Helen goes undercover with Harry and the team at an academic conference in Madrid to stop a bioweapon terrorist attack." CBS has shared the release date schedule for the first few episodes of the drama: Pilot - March 1 Public Secrets - March 8 Separate Pairs - March 15 Rival Companions - March 22 DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Dwayne Myers to reunite with Darlene  [SPOILER]Julie Walters pulls out of Channel 4 drama due to ill health  [HEALTH]NCIS' Sean Murray recalls fears of daughter being 'overwhelmed' [EXPLAINER] As of yet, a release date hasn't been revealed for episode five which also doesn't have an episode title. Typically on American networks, there are a number of short hiatuses during a series airing. So there may not be any information on the follow-up instalments because it hasn't been decided when they are going to come out. If a new episode does continue to be released consecutively every week, then the finale will air on Wednesday, May 24. Leading the cast of True Lies as Harry and Helen Tasker are Steve Howey and Ginger Gonzaga. Howey will be remembered for playing Van Montgomery in The CW's Reba and Kevin Ball in Showtime's Shameless. Meanwhile, actress Gonzaga was behind the best friend of Jennifer Walters, Nikki Ramos, in the Disney+ series She-Hulk: Attorney at Law. True Lies premieres on Wednesday, March 1, on CBS.