A handwritten sign in Lidl went viral online after one switched-on shopper spotted an unfortunate spelling mistake. The bakery, which is a well-known staple of the budget supermarket chain, was stocked with a sweet treat that was labelled as something far less tasty. According to the Daily Star one shopper was stunned to read the gaffe in Lidl’s bun section. Underneath the tray of Belgian buns, the homemade sign told customers the name of the product. However, the flavour of the treat was changed entirely by a subtle misspelling. Rather than “sweet bun”, the staff member that produced the label almost spelt the words correctly. But the small error made the bun sound inedible.  The Lidl worker labelled the pastry: “Sweat bun.” The shopper that discovered the grotesque error took to social media to raise the alarm. "I'm not sure I like the idea of this new bakery item in Lidl..." the supermarket shopper wrote on the Casual UK subreddit. In response to the humourous Reddit post, one user wrote: "It's salty but sweet all at the same time..."  Another joked: “I mean, try it, maybe it’s better than it sounds." In response, one user simply said: “Probably too salty.” A fourth user penned: "Love a Belgium bun!" "Try it sweaty, you might like it”, another mocked. This isn’t the first time a supermarket has made hilarious typos. Tesco customers were left in fits of giggles after a sign to notify shoppers about the absence of baked goods was misspelt. Don't miss... Asda, Tesco, Aldi and more recall popular products - full list  [INSIGHT] Aldi customers slam 'disgusting' and 'ridiculous' policy [ANALYSIS] Lidl becomes fifth supermarket to ration fresh produce [INSIGHT] The A4 notice, written on a computer and printed off, read: "Sorry, no bakery due to staff shortage. Apology for any incontinence." The Reddit user who first revealed what had happened wrote: "The floors were a bit sticky, to be honest.” The Daily Star reported that one social media user joked: "Tesco really are taking the p***." Another user added: "Only a single apology as well." A third noted: "God I hope that was intentional."