Arsenal have reportedly revived their interest in Julian Brandt with the Germany attacker supposedly keen to follow 'close friend' Kai Havertz into the Premier League. Brandt is entering the final 12 months of his contract at Dortmund and has put himself back on the radar of several European teams with his performances this year. The 26-year-old was tracked by a number of teams after impressing for Bayer Leverkusen. Arsenal were among the teams who attempted to make a move for the versatile attacking midfielder, but Dortmund eventually won the race for his signature in 2019. After taking a few seasons to make an impact, Brandt is beginning to come into his own under Edin Terzic. And he's recently hit a rich vein of form in front of goal to help Dortmund in their fight with Bayern Munich at the top of the Bundesliga. He's scored four in Dortmund's last five league matches, but his future with the team remains uncertain beyond next year. The 26-year-old is yet to commit his future past 2024 and transfer expert Christian Falk indicates he may be holding out for a move to the Premier League.  It's claimed that Brandt has 'been dreaming for years of making it in the Premier League'. He's said to be 'close friends' with Havertz as the pair came through the academy at Bayer Leverkusen and his move to Chelsea prompted an even bigger interest in a move to the English top flight. And the report adds that Arsenal are 'more interested than ever before' in making a move for Brandt. It's mentioned that Tottenham may also be in the race for his signature, meaning Dortmund face a battle on their hands to keep him at the club this summer.  Mood is sky-high at Arsenal at the moment with the club on the verge of their first Premier League title since 2004. That emotion reached breaking point in Saturday's dramatic comeback win over Bournemouth. Defeat looked inevitable as Bournemouth took a 2-0 lead shortly after the break, but Arsenal embarked on an impressive fightback through goals from Thomas Partey and Ben White. And Reiss Nelson rounded the comeback off in style with a dramatic stoppage-time winner to spark wild celebrations at the Emirates.