Pensions minister Laura Trott has announced further delays to the Pensions Dashboard Programme (PDP), as “additional time” is needed to solve technical issues. Pensions experts and consumer groups have hit back at the “disappointing news”, saying the setback will leave many retirement savers “in the dark”. The project was first mooted in 2015 and was originally planned to launch in 2019. The last estimate was that it would be rolled out by August this year, however, technicalities mean the deadline has been extended once again. In a written statement, Ms Trott said: “The first connection deadline is currently August 31, 2023. However, additional time is required to deliver the complex technical solution to enable the connection of pension providers and schemes.” She continued: “More time is needed to deliver this complex build, and for the pensions industry to help facilitate the successful connection of a wide range of different IT systems to the dashboard’s digital architecture.” The pensions dashboards will allow people to view all of their pension pots in one place, with the aim to put savers “back in control” and help reconnect them with their lost pots so they can plan better for retirement. READ MORE: ‘Furious’ Waspi women unite against state pension age report  Alice Guy, personal finance editor at interactive investor, said: “This setback will leave many pension savers in the dark, relying on confusing pension year-end statements and online searches about their state pension. “Many pension savers have a bewildering array of smaller pension pots built up through many working years and this makes it hard to know if they are saving enough for a comfortable retirement.” However, she noted: “It’s disappointing but not wholly surprising that the deadline for pensions dashboards has been pushed back. This is a highly technical project, requiring new IT systems and digital architecture to allow pension providers to share pension information safely and accurately.” Brian Byrnes, head of personal finance at Moneybox, added: “It is disappointing that PDP’s implementation has been once again delayed, in this case indefinitely, and now coupled with a general election likely to fall before any program is implemented, raises concerns over the future of the programme. DON'T MISS: Tax rises set to hit thousands of households - how to reduce impact [EXPLAINED]Britons given more time to boost state pension [INSIGHT]Secondhand economy valued at £10 billion, as Brits strapped for cash [ANALYSIS]    “As a society, one of the biggest challenges we face is that most people have no idea how much they will need to save for a comfortable post-working life and are taking control of their savings far too late, making it harder to save what they would need for their ideal retirement.” He said the dashboard programme has been viewed as “an important building block” by the industry to help drive and address the looming pensions crisis, before noting that other measures “need to be explored” concurrently, including supporting private pension providers like Moneybox, to integrate pension dashboard solutions into their more advanced technology platforms. Mr Byrnes continued: “In the absence of the required urgency from the DWP, we all need to work together to bring retirement planning higher up on the financial agenda for the rest of 2023.” However, Gary Smith, director of financial planning at Evelyn Partners pointed out that while the series of postponements is “a bit embarrassing”, it seems like a “hugely complex” project and delays would be preferable to rolling out a platform that isn’t fit for purpose. READ MORE: State pension will undergo six key changes from next month  He said: “We can only hope that when the dashboard does arrive, it will achieve what has been promised.” In the meantime, he continued: “Those who want to keep track of multiple defined contribution pension pots – which is becoming a commonplace due to auto-enrolment – have a couple of options. “They can roll the old pots into their current occupational pension scheme, having checked that they will not be sacrificing any significant benefits from the old schemes by doing so and that they are happy with their current pension scheme (in terms of fund fees and investment choices).”   He added: “They [could] amalgamate old pots into a Self-Invested Personal Pension, and run that alongside their current occupational scheme which should be benefitting from employer top-ups on contributions.” As with all significant financial decisions, it’s important to consult a financial adviser first to ensure appropriate moves are made. Mr Trott said the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will legislate at the “earliest opportunity” to amend the timing and provide clarity on the project, and a further update will be issued before the House of Commons summer recess in July.  Express.co.uk has contacted the Department for Work and Pensions asking for comment.