Married at First Sight Australia has made a comeback for its 10th season, first debuting on the other side of the world before making its way to the UK. E4 viewers are now getting to grips with all of this year's matches as the first few episodes are dedicated to learning more about the singletons and airing those all important weddings. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about MAFS Australia star Alyssa Barmonde. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Married at First Sight Australia.On Thursday, March 9, Alyssa Barmonde's wedding to Duncan James was shown on MAFS Australia. She walked down the aisle to meet the cyber security sales director for the first time and broke down in tears of joy as she saw the man she was about to marry for the first time. They both later agreed they felt an instant feeling of warmth towards the other and kissed passionately in front of their guests at the wedding. Duncan admitted to feeling "fireworks" so it appeared to be a great start for the newlyweds. READ MORE: Frida Kahlo may have ended her life with an overdose to escape agony MAFS Australia bride Alyssa Barmonde is a 35-year-old executive assistant from New South Wales. Family is a huge part of her life, with no one more important than her two-year-old son who she shares with her ex-husband. She has been single for the past year following the end of her seven-year marriage and had found dating extremely hard, especially with overwhelming dating apps. Alyssa may seem very bubbly on the surface but she did have a challenging upbringing. Having grown up in Utah, Alyssa was brought up as a Mormon and has stated she had a "great childhood in a big, loving family". It wasn't always the easiest way to live as the children would be "sent straight to our room" if they expressed any anger or upset. Nevertheless, Alyssa remained part of the tight-knit community throughout most of her teenage years. But a life-changing moment in her dad's life made the mother-of-one see things differently. Don't miss... Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [ROYAL] The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION] MAFS Australia fans want to know what happened to Shannon and Caitlin [EXPLAINER] Speaking to New Idea about her father, Alyssa explained: "He came out when I was 16. "Soon after that, I left the church because homosexuality is frowned upon. "I wasn't going to align myself with a religion that wouldn't accept my dad for who he is." Now, Alyssa is hopeful that she may have found the love of her life in Duncan. Prior to the big day, she was adamant that she wanted someone who was more than 6ft tall and cried when Alyssa walked down the aisle. Little did she expect that she was going to be the one ending up crying. When she was by Duncan's side, he courteously offered his bride-to-be a handkerchief, so could this really be "the one" for Alyssa? MAFS Australia continues every Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on E4.