They talk like they’re the first women ever to go through it. And why do we talk about The Change (as my Ma used to call it) like it’s an illness, a medical condition when it isn’t? It’s simply part of the female condition. These days we talk about sensible, experienced, mature women who are going through it like they’re all invalids too frail, too sick to deal with life, work and charging hormones without medical and Government intervention. Menopause affects half the population over 50. It’s not an illness; women experiencing it aren’t “victims” who need special treatment. Yes, a tiny minority suffer dreadfully but the majority can deal with it with HRT and expert advice. And I can say all this because, of course, like millions of other women, I’ve been through the menopause. But the thing is I didn’t feel the need to shout from the rooftops about the sweats, the sleepless nights, the mood swings, the brain fog, or walking into a room and  plaintively asking  everyone: “Is it hot in here or is it just me?” I couldn’t wear a jumper or heavy clothing – even in the depths of winter – in all the time I was going through it because I always felt like I was on fire. But I’ve lost count of the celebrity women who can’t wait to fill us in on their “torment” – Davina McCall, Mariella Frostrup,  Penny Lancaster, Michelle Obama. And, of course, no “oversharing” fest is complete without Gwynnie Paltrow. This week Kemi Badenoch knocked back a Women and Equalities Committee recommendation to add menopause as a protected characteristic to the 2010 Equality Act. And three cheers for her. But Angela Rayner said that a Labour Government would introduce a policy that allows menopausal women struggling with their symptoms to work from home. So how will that work for nurses, supermarket workers, teachers and all those other professions where it’s impossible to work from home? So, basically what Rayner is suggesting would only be accessible to those women who work in offices? She says companies with more than 250 employees will have to submit an annual action plan to set out what adjustments they are making to support their female employees going through the menopause, and this must include flexible hours, working from home, and time off for health appointments. But as menopausal symptoms can go on for 10 years or more does that mean women can work from home for 10 years? Because if it does that means they ain't ever coming back to work and the upshot of that will be that employers just won’t take on 50-plus women. Doesn’t Rayner see that she’s going to make older women unemployable because bosses won’t be prepared to take them on if they come with “conditions” that will prevent them from doing their jobs properly? We know historically that some employers are reluctant to take on young women of childbearing age for fear of them taking a year’s maternity paid leave – often more than once. This is why currently women over 45 are gold for most employers who know that they aren’t ever going to need paid maternity leave. Until now these women have been seen as a  safe, reliable bet instead of those getting ready to start families. But if Labour forces small companies to allow women over 50  to work from home, take time off for medical appointments and work flexible hours – suddenly those women will become a workplace liability. For years, women have worked their guts out to get some equality in the workplace, which would destroy it at a stroke. It would also cause huge resentment among those women whose jobs won’t allow them to work from home. Not to mention the resentment among male workers when they see menopausal women being allowed to work from home two or three days a week – and they can’t. Since Covid, there’s been this growing feeling among the workforce that they are in some way entitled to work from home. They aren’t. They should only be allowed to do so if their employer says they can and it doesn’t affect productivity or profits. It is not any employee’s God-given right to work from home. And do we actually believe that there aren’t some women who would use this working from home lark as a way to take it easy?  Many of course wouldn’t, but there will be some who will- and that in the end will damage the economy. Because how can any employer ever question or doubt a woman who says she’s suffering from brain fog, hot flushes, or nausea? The simple fact is they can’t. And if women’s symptoms are so bad they can’t work in the office then how the Hell will they be able to work from home? And if Labour is going to give women time off for the menopause should they get time off for periods too? This nanny-state nonsense does women no favours. It makes “special cases” and surely after what women have been through to get an equal foothold in the workplace – we don’t want that. Women have been dealing with the menopause for centuries but the difference now is that there’s never been more help – both medical and emotional – to help them through it. So, we really need to stop talking about menopausal women like they’re helpless victims who just find the workplace a bit too hard to deal with. Yes, of course, employers need to be understanding – set up fans in the office, let women wear cool, comfortable clothing, but for God’s sake don’t reduce us all to sad little sufferers who need different rules from everyone else. I’ll tell you what would help menopausal women – free HRT  and free access to menopause specialists. HRT doesn’t suit everyone but it does help the vast majority of women who are suffering symptoms. Yes, a society that helps women is fantastic but in doing it let’s not reduce them to victims!