Monday's episode of the ITV show saw 25-year-old Aaron, a content writer, take on Chaser Mark 'The Beast' Labbett. After receiving only £1,000 in his cash builder though, Aaron was advised by his The Chase teammates to take Mark's low offer of £100, but he was determined to try to bring back more money for the team. This ultimately saw him being booted off the show after he deemed Mark "so mean" for agreeing with his fellow players' advice.  The episode saw retired accountant Julie, primary school teacher Nicky, architect Gareth, and Aaron making up the team. First up was Gareth, who sailed through after achieving £7,000 in his cash builder round. Aaron was up next, and after failing to accumulate much cash, Gareth urged him to go for the £100 offer to have a better chance of rejoining the team. He decided against this and after opting to stick with the £1,000, Mark suggested he should have listened to Gareth. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find "This is actually value for money in your situation," Mark began before offering him a low offer of £100. "Yeah ok," Bradley chipped in as he asked Mark for his high offer. Taking a swipe at the player, Mark said: "This is almost a free shot for you...£35,000." After speaking with his fellow contestants who advised him to take the £1,000, Aaron said: "I am going to stick to my guns, take the £1,000, I don't want to let anybody down." "I got a good feeling about this," he added, but an unsure Mark was more sceptical. "£1,000 it is," Bradley said: "I can guarantee the Beast will have something to say about that." "I agree with Gareth," Mark replied as Aaron hit back: "You're so mean." The Beast swiped: "Look when you're as weak as you are take whatever will get you home." Sadly, the Beast was proved right and Aaron was caught shortly after.  Don't miss... Janet Street-Porter 'whacks' Coleen Nolan during Loose Women row [LATEST] Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [VIDEO] Countryfile fans brand presenter 'doom lord' during 'dramatic' episode [REACTION] Nicky then ended up returning to the team with a further £1,000 after choosing to take Mark's low offer. Following her cash builder, she told presenter Bradley Walsh the amount had been "better than expected". "Really?" the host asked, adding: "What were you expecting?" Nicky admitted she'd expected to get only £1,000, but the host kindly said he believed she was a better player than the £3,000 suggests.  Julie was the last player to take on Mark and ended up returning to the team with a respectable £4,000. With £12,000 between them, the group faced Mark once more in the final chase. They managed to gain a somewhat promising 17 points, and things seemed even more hopeful when they got three pushbacks from Mark. However, he ultimately caught up with them with 30 seconds to spare. The Chase airs weekdays from 5pm on ITV.