 The controversies surrounding Olivia Wilde’s film Don’t Worry Darling came to a head in September last year when fans believed they saw singer Harry Styles spit on his costar. While Chris Pine slammed the rumours as “ridiculous” at the time, the actor has finally explained the full story behind his peculiar behaviour at the Venice Film Festival.   In the viral clip, the Wonder Woman actor was seated between director Olivia and her boyfriend at the time Harry at the film’s premiere. The couple had kept their distance throughout the festival, reportedly to keep the focus on the film rather than their high-profile romance. However, as Harry approached his seat, he leaned towards Chris who then looked down with a smirk on his face and shook his head. Rumours quickly sparked that the As It Was singer had spat on Chris, with some claiming that the seating plan was against the singer’s wishes and this was his reaction. READ MORE: Andrea McLean bedridden for days as she admits 'I have been poorly for so long now'  The controversy, which has since been dubbed "spitgate", was slammed by Chris soon after as, his representative issued a statement saying this was “a completely fabricated exchange” and branded the claims as “ridiculous” and “foolish speculation”. Now, in an interview with Esquire, Chris confirmed that “Harry did not spit on me”, and offered some explanation for the situation. The 42-year-old assured that his costar “is a very kind guy” and as they left the film festival everyone was “having a great time on the plane”. During the trip, Chris fell asleep on the plane only to be woken by his publicist saying he needed to make a statement.     He shared: “She showed me the thing and it did look, indeed, like Harry spit on me. He didn’t spit on me.” “I think Harry leaned down and said, ‘It’s just words, isn’t it?’.” Chris went on to explain that throughout the press tour for Don’t Worry Darling the cast had carved an inside joke with this phrase, and he was simply trying to hide his outright laughter in Venice. He explained: “We were all jet lagged and trying to answer questions and sometimes when you’re doing these press things your brain goes befuddled and you start speaking gibberish. “So we had a joke, ‘It’s just words’.” This also explains another peculiar clip of the Unstoppable actor, as fans noticed him dissociating during the press junkets at Venice as he sat alongside Harry. The clip soon became a meme, with fans claiming he was “reconsidering his life choices” as he stared off into the distance completely motionless while his costar answered questions. Don’t Worry Darling was plagued with a few other controversies that garnered so much notoriety that it almost overshadowed the actual film.  However, Chris noted in his recent chat that he wasn’t aware of any drama on the set. He shared: “I absolutely didn’t know about it, nor really would I have cared. “Venice was normal, things getting swept up in a narrative that people wanted to make, compounded by the metastasizing that can happen in the Twitter-sphere. “It was ridiculous.”