Filming for Bridgerton’s third season is still underway, and Netflix subscribers can’t wait to witness the long-awaited romance between Penelope Featherington (played by Nicola Coughlan) and Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton). Plus, there will be plenty of other drama to look forward to once the ton returns for more balls and courtships, and some fans even believe they’ve uncovered a brand-new cast member. Bridgerton followers are convinced a fan-favourite from Julia Quinn’s original series of novels has been cast for season three. The upcoming instalment will be based on Quinn’s fourth book, Romancing Mister Bridgerton, which follows the start of Colin’s relationship with Penelope. However, as it will be the third outing for Netflix’s hit adaptation, some elements from book three, An Offer from a Gentleman, could also be included. Fans are now sure key character Sophie Beckett will be included in season three, and may have already been cast. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified Sophie eventually goes on to court Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson), so will undoubtedly play a key role as the series goes on. It has now been revealed Banita Sandhu has been cast in a recurring role for Bridgerton’s third season, via her agency’s website Startefacts. The agency claims Sandhu will be portraying a character named Sita Malhotra, though there is no character with this name throughout Quinn’s novels. Viewers and readers have speculated this could be a code name, and Sandhu will most likely be portraying Benedict’s future wife Sophie. Alternatively, Sophie’s name may have been changed for the TV series to reflect the actress portraying the character. In the novels, Sophie is revealed to be an illegitimate son of an earl who is treated as a servant by her stepmother. She first appears in An Offer from a Gentleman, where she attends a masked ball and meets Benedict for the first time. Their attraction is undeniable at first, but Sophie has to rush home at midnight after the pair share a secret kiss. Don't miss... Pawn Stars’ Rick gobsmacked as Titanic shard worth over £1 million [VIDEO] NCIS LA showrunner teases Hetty return in series finale [LATEST] Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [EXCLUSIVE] When her stepmother discovers she was at the fall, she’s thrown out onto the streets and forced to fend for herself. Some years later, her search for work eventually reunites her with the Bridgertons and back into the arms of Benedict. The success of Netflix’s adaptation means Sophie and Benedict’s story will eventually be told, as there are at least two more instalments to come. For now, though, details about season three and its full cast are being kept under lock and key. An official description reads: “Bridgerton is back for its third season and finds Penelope Featherington has finally given up on her long-held crush on Colin Bridgerton after hearing his disparaging words about her last season. “But lacking in confidence, Penelope’s attempts on the marriage mart fail spectacularly.” Penelope’s new lease on life sadly won’t yield the results she’s after, but could Colin finally reveal her feelings are not so unrequited as she thought? Bridgerton seasons 1 and 2 are available to stream on Netflix.