A Russian TV pundit has given a chilling warning to Vladimir Putin, predicting the Russian leader won't live long enough to see the war's end. Pundit Sergei Mikheyev appeared on a Russian state TV talk show and said if the current pace of the war in Ukraine continues, neither Vladimir Putin and his Kremlin insiders nor the general population will live long enough to see any success. The show was hosted by Vladimir Solovyov, who is known for being one of Putin's main propagandists. Mikheyev told the host: "Our position has severely worsened. We either move forward and stop imitating sovereignty and truly achieve success, or we retreat with a massive failure." The former director of the Russian research company Centre for Current Policy Analysis, spoke out against the Kremlin and Russian military commanders, criticizing their "silence" in response to setbacks on the battlefield. Mikheyev stated that Russia could not afford to appear weak by retreating and called for long-distance strikes to be launched to demonstrate Russian technological superiority and to create problems for nations supporting Ukraine. While Solovyov appeared to agree with many of Mikheyev's statements, the other members of the panel looked shocked. READ MORE: North Korea tests new cruise missile 'able to hit Japan' Mikheyev has been a vocal proponent of a hardline approach to Russia's involvement in the Ukraine conflict, arguing for taking as much territory as possible. Ukrainian military leaders expressed determination Monday to hold onto Bakhmut as Russian forces encroached on the devastated eastern city they have sought to capture for six months at the cost of thousands of lives. Less than a week ago, an adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said the defenders might retreat from Bakhmut and fall back to nearby positions. But Zelensky’s office said Monday that he chaired a meeting in which the country's top military brass "spoke in favour of continuing the defence operation and further strengthening our positions in Bakhmut". Intense Russian shelling targeted the city in the Donetsk region and nearby villages as Moscow deployed more resources to try to finish off Bakhmut’s resistance, according to local officials. "Civilians are fleeing the region to escape Russian shelling continuing round the clock," Donetsk Governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said. Russian forces invaded Ukraine just over a year ago and have been unable to deliver a knockout blow that would allow them to seize Bakhmut. Analysts say it does not have major strategic value and that its capture would be unlikely to serve as a turning point in the conflict. Don't miss... Distraught Ukrainian parents tell of how their children were stolen  [SPOTLIGHT] Russian troops forced to fight with ‘shovels’ in ‘brutal’ close-combat [LATEST] Ukraine 'will never forget and always love' UK for support in war [INSIGHT] The Russian push for Bakhmut reflects the Kremlin's broader struggle to achieve battlefield momentum. Moscow's full-scale invasion on February 24, 2022, soon stalled, and Ukraine launched a largely successful counteroffensive. Over the bitterly cold winter months, the fighting has largely been deadlocked.