US senators will visit Drax power station in Selby, northern England, next week, sparking fears the may divert £2 billion ($2.4 billion) of planned investment in carbon capture to the US. The group is planning to invest £2 billion in carbon capture, but it is feared the cash could be diverted to the US thanks to Joe Biden's green subsidies. The US Inflation Reduction Act offers about $375 billion in new and extended tax credits to help the the US clean energy industry as well as buyers of qualifying electric vehicles made in North America. Biden administration officials have countered that the legislation goes a long way in helping the US to meet global goals to curb climate change. The delegation of US senators will visit Drax on March 16 when they will be shown plans for new bioenergy carbon capture and storage technology. The planned visit has sparked concerns at the Department for Business and Trade that the company could be convinced with new incentives to invest in the US instead of the UK, an official told Bloombergg. At stake is a £2 billion investment that would support as many as 10,000 jobs in the UK. The company says the equipment will be able to capture 95 percent of the carbon dioxide emitted by its biomass-fired power plant and bury it under the North Sea. This morning, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak said he had raised the issue of subsidies with both the EU and the US. He said: “My general view is that it’s better for all of us to maintain free and open markets." Britain “remains a very attractive place for companies to invest and grow and our job is that this always remains the case," he added. Drax is waiting for the a approval for a place on the UK government shortlist for a BECCS programme, which would bolster Drax's investment with government subsidies. A decision should arrive in the coming weeks. Drax said it is studying opportunities for BECCS in the US, where it has recently committed $300 million to expand its pellet production. The US legislation has also been at the heart of a trade row between Brussels and Washington. Speaking to Express.co.uk in December, Associate Fellow at the Henry Jackson Society, Darren Spinck warned Britain should not expect preferential treatment from the Americans and should instead pursue bespoke trade partnerships in the Indo-Pacifc region to counteract potential losses resulting from the US legislation. Don't miss... GOP warn Joe Biden's Budget could 'kill US economy beyond repair' [INSIGHT] White House respond as Novak Djokovic offered a boat to bypass US ban [VIDEO] Joe Biden branded 'out of touch' after 5.2% federal pay increase [ANALYSIS] He said: "Prime Minister Sunak’s government should not expect any significant carveout exemptions from the Biden Administration for UK electric vehicle manufacturers impacted by 'made in America' subsidies in the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act. The White House is consumed by green energy policies which President Biden’s advisers believe will increase market share for US domestic electric vehicle production and help mitigate US dependence on China for EV batteries. "While the UK’s own EV sector will be adversely impacted by a trade war between the US and EU over America’s protectionist provisions, the Biden Administration seems to have little regard for the impact of such policies on the United Kingdom. "It seems the White House has scant interest in increasing overall US-UK commercial ties, as there was no substantive discussion on advancing a free trade agreement between the two counties during the Prime Minister’s recent bilateral meeting with the US President. "Lately, the Biden Administration’s trade and economic policies have faced increasing scrutiny throughout Europe, with the Dutch resisting US semiconductor export controls, Germany allowing the sale of 35 percent of a Hamburg terminal to a Chinese entity, and Italy seeking stronger trade ties with Beijing. "While export controls, investment restrictions, and industrial policy play a role in helping the West mitigate its commercial dependence on China, pro-growth economic policies which benefit trading partners with shared interests must be implemented as well."