The petition to protect free NHS prescriptions for those over 60 was taken to parliament for MPs to debate today (Monday, March 6). This comes as the Government continues its consultation to align the upper age exemption for NHS prescription charges with the state pension age of 66, which would render many people in their 60s ineligible. The petition, which closed in February 2022, argues: “Over 60s are generally more susceptible to health issues, and after pension age, have less money available to pay large sums for repeat prescriptions.” In the Government’s initial response to the petition, it said increasing the upper age limit for free prescriptions for people, who previously received free prescriptions based purely on their age rather than their inability to pay, would result in a transfer of resources from people to the NHS. It said the funds could then be spent on improving patient services, resulting in “health benefits for the wider society”. However, the Government noted that at that time (January 2022) it had not yet taken a decision and would continue to weigh up the arguments. READ MORE: State pension age could be increased ‘sooner than planned’  Earlier today, Tonia Antoniazzi MP, a member of the Petitions Committee, opened the debate with a case study on Peter, who launched the petition, after concerns about the impact increasing the upper-age limit would have not just on him but also his local community, who are struggling with costs. In response, a minister told Westminster Hall that the decision is still being deliberated while the Government attempts to strike a balance between supporting people with the cost of living pressures while increasing funding for the NHS. The Government minister said: “I am pleased to be able to respond again today having listened to the very important and interesting contributions from many members during this debate. “The context is the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and the high energy prices, inflation, and cost of living pressures that it has unleashed.”  Don't miss... DWP backs expansion of pensions auto-enrolment for millions [LATEST] Millions on Universal Credit can get cheaper broadband deals [INSIGHT] Nearly half of Brits have set up a side hustle to help make ends meet [ANALYSIS] He continued: “I should start by managing some expectations on what I can say today. It’s clear that the outcome of the consultation on aligning the upper-age exemption on free prescription charges to the state pension age is very important to many members and constituents. “However I can only say at this point that no decision has been made yet to bring proposals forward. We received over 170,000 responses to the consultation - a testament to the strength of feeling on the issue.” Do you think that the eligible age to claim free NHS prescriptions should rise from 60 to the state pension age of 66? Have your say in the comments. He said the Government wants to ensure everyone in the country can afford their prescriptions, “especially” those most affected by the cost of living pressures, and that the Government have thought “long and hard” on how to balance everyone’s needs. READ MORE: Thousands could miss out on £60k state pension boost  He continued: “I can assure members that a response to the consultation will be provided in due course. “We value our older members of society and recognise their social care and health needs. On the one hand, we recognise families up and down the country are facing unprecedented pressure on the cost of living. “On the other, we have to recognise in light of the Covid pandemic, which has tested the NHS like never before, and the challenging economic landscape, we must ensure that public sector spending represents the best value for money for the taxpayer." The minister then went on to list the ways in which prescription charges boost funding for the NHS, as well as the increasing number of those aged between 60 and 65 who are still economically active, meaning they’re more likely to be able to “meet the costs” of their prescription charges.  He said: “As increasing numbers of people live longer and work longer, there are more people claiming free prescriptions on the basis of their age. By 2066, there will be a further 8.6 million projected UK residents aged 65 and over.” Andrew Gwynne, Labour MP for Denton and Reddish responded: "I'm a little bit concerned about the tone of what he's communicating to the house, in that he seems to be accepting there will be a change on the prescription." The minister responded: “Earlier in my speech, I said no decision has been made and I can reiterate that we’ve continued to consider long and hard. “We’re trying to balance the cost of living pressures on the one hand, and increasing funding for the NHS on the other. We will respond to the petition in due course.” 