Suella Braverman today blasted Gary Lineker's controversial comparison of the Government's migrant crackdown to Nazi Germany. The Match of the Day host has sparked fury from Tory MPs and calls for the BBC to sack him after taking to Twitter to hit out at tough new laws unveiled by the Home Secretary and Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to tackle small boats crossing the Channel. Ms Braverman this morning slapped down Mr Lineker's "unhelpful" intervention on the Illegal Migration Bill. She told BBC Breakfast: "I'm disappointed obviously. I think it's unhelpful to compare our measures which are lawful, proportionate and compassionate to 1930s Germany. "I also think we're on the side of the British people here. It is plain for anyone to see that the British people have had enough of this situation of thousands of people coming here illegally at huge cost to the taxpayer and undermining our laws and British generosity. That needs to stop." Asked on ITV's Good Morning Britain if the ex-England striker should resign or be sacked, she said: "That's a matter for the BBC and they will resolve that." Meanwhile, immigration minister Robert Jenrick said the former footballer - who earns £1.35million a year - is "so far out of step" with the public on illegal immigration. Mr Jenrick told Times Radio: "My children are the grandchildren of Holocaust survivors, and I think those sorts of words should not be thrown around lightly. "Gary Lineker is paid for by the British taxpayer. And it's disappointing that he is so far out of step with the British public. They see people dying literally in the English Channel at the behest of some of the evilest criminal gangs we see in the world today, and they want the government to take action. "And that's exactly what we intend to do. We're going to stop the boats. We're going to break the business model of these people smugglers and enable us to secure our borders. No one would expect the Government to do anything other than that." But a defiant Mr Lineker took to Twitter this morning, saying: "Morning all. Anything going on?" In a further tweet he added: "Great to see the freedom of speech champions out in force this morning demanding silence from those with whom they disagree." And in a third post in less than an hour, he vowed to "continue to try and speak up for those poor souls that have no voice". The BBC presenter yesterday commented on a Twitter video put out by the Home Secretary on plans to get a grip on rubber dinghies crossing the English Channel. He told his 8.6 million followers: "Good heavens, this is beyond awful." In a reply to another Twitter user who accused him of being "out of order", the former footballer added: "There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. "This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I'm out of order?" His comments were widely condemned by Tory MPs, who urged the BBC to take action. Conservative Party deputy chairman Lee Anderson told the Express: "Once again this taxpayer-funded virtue-signalling out-of-touch multi-millionaire ex-footballer pipes up to show how totally out of touch he is with the rest of the British public. "I would politely suggest that he needs to go and get some fresh air before he tweets again."  South Thanet MP Craig Mackinlay branded the comments a "step too far" and called on the BBC to sack Mr Lineker. Former minister Jonathan Gullis said: “It is the same old boring Gary, using the same old lazy tropes that anyone who wants control of our borders is a ‘racist’ and ‘fascist’. "Let’s see if the BBC will stand up to their multi-million-pound whining baby and remind him his job is to talk football, not politics.” Red Wall MP Brendan Clarke-Smith added: “This country has a long and proud record of taking in refugees, most recently from Ukraine, Syria, Afghanistan and Hong Kong. “It’s not just insulting to this nation and the generosity of Brits, but also grossly offensive to the victims of one of the evilest regimes in history, which we also fought against and took many refugees from. “Lineker is out of order and needs to get out of his metropolitan bubble and learn some perspective. People are sick and tired of being accused of racism for simply wanting to see a fair and proportionate asylum system.” Blackpool South MP Scott Benton said: "Appalling and thoroughly ill-judged comments from Gary Lineker. To compare reasonable measures to stop illegal immigration to the unimaginable horrors of the Nazis is beyond the pale." Peterborough MP Paul Bristow added: "They say you should never meet your heroes. I met Gary Lineker a few years ago at a charity do. Loved him as much as I did in 1990. "But this breaks my heart. Comparing a policy that will save lives to Nazi Germany is beyond disgusting." GB News presenter Nigel Farage added: "Andrew Bridgen got sacked for making WW2 references as an MP. So should Gary Lineker as a taxpayer-funded BBC pundit!" It is understood managers at the Beeb are furious about the remarks by the football pundit, who often controversially speaks out about politics on Twitter. The broadcaster has strict impartiality rules for journalists and while Mr Lineker does not work in news or current affairs he is one of the highest-profile stars. A BBC source told the Telegraph: "Gary will be spoken to and reminded of his responsibilities on social media." A spokesperson for the corporation said: "The BBC has social media guidance, which is published. "Individuals who work for us are aware of their responsibilities relating to social media. We have appropriate internal processes in place if required." 