Joey Essex, 32, is gearing up for the Dancing On Ice final this Sunday with his skating partner Vanessa Bauer, 26. The Only Way is Essex star and Vanessa are within touching distance of the trophy but they have to perform three stellar routines in the final if they are to win it. Ahead of the event, Joey opened up on "that" kiss attempt with Vanessa on the ice. Joey came under fire during Movie Week on Dancing On Ice after he performed a routine inspired by High School Musical. Fans were taken aback when Vanessa pulled back from Joey's attempt to kiss her at the end of the routine. Host Phillip Schofield couldn't help but ask Joey: "Nearly a little peck at the end there?" Viewers branded the moment "cringeworthy" but Joey has set the record straight ahead of entering the ITV programme's final. READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation Joey told Express.co.uk and other media: “Every week, we try to show we are progressing. “I’ve lifted Vanessa enough times so I feel it’s about time to lift the trophy up.” When asked what really happened when he tried to kiss Vanessa on the ITV programme, he explained: "It's a long story." Vanessa nodded before Joey shared: "Basically, we planned the kiss before we went out, we did plan it."  Vanessa interjected: "Yeah, it was overwhelming for me in the moment." Joey insisted he asked Vanessa more than 10 times about kissing her on the show. He claimed Vanessa said she would not pull away if he attempted to kiss her. He joked: "Do you know what? She thinks she didn’t pull away." "But have you seen the picture?" Joey added as he referred to an awkward photograph of Vanessa rejecting his kiss. "I’m like that and she’s like that."  Don't miss... Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex comforts Vanessa after emotional skate [UPDATE] Dancing On Ice 'fix' row erupts as Mollie Gallagher booted out  [REACTION ] Joey Essex suffers second Dancing on Ice injury in two weeks [LATEST] He concluded: "Anyway, it’s nice and it’s very fresh and it feels good for me so I am taking it as a positive. I styled it out well." The reality TV star also shared how the experience on the ice has given him "so much discipline". Joey explained: "I feel like a couple of years ago I tried to grow up and I did, I turned into a man. "But yes it’s been half a year and having this discipline is something I always wanted and needed.  "It’s given me so much discipline and dedication. I’ve had no days off here and I’ve really enjoyed it. "I’ve put my heart and soul into this and that is the reason I am here." Joey will be battling it out in the final against Drag Race UK winner The Vivienne and her partner Colin Grafton as well as British gymnast Nile Wilson and pro skater Olivia Smart. The Dancing On Ice 2023 final airs on ITV and ITVX at 6.30pm on Sunday, March 12. 