The Repair Shop expert Julie Tatchell couldn’t hide her delight at a guest’s reaction to one of her restorations. An elderly lady called Rose and her sister Linda had come to the shop carrying a battered box. As is always the way on the show, there was a very sentimental story behind it. The box had belonged to Rose’s late husband Jim, who had passed away 10 years previously. He had come to the UK on the first Kindertransport out of Germany just before World War II. The Kindertransport was a refugee transport from Nazi Germany for Jewish children, and it helped around 10,000 youngsters escape the country. Tragically, his parents and sister perished in concentration camps, and Rose explained that the box was all that he had left of their belongings. READ MORE:Four In a Bed star 'turned down' show after bosses refused request Visibly moved by the tale Julie said: “This is just an amazing story. So, I'm really, really keen to get started.” She painstakingly worked her magic on the precious box, replacing the lining and carefully restoring the leather on the lid. When Rose returned and saw the restored treasure she gasped: “I don’t believe it! She then became overwhelmed with tears and had to be comforted by her sister as Julie looked on affectionately.   Visibly moved by the tale Julie said: “This is just an amazing story. So, I'm really, really keen to get started.” She painstakingly worked her magic on the precious box, replacing the lining and carefully restoring the leather on the lid. When Rose returned and saw the restored treasure she gasped: “I don’t believe it! She then became overwhelmed with tears and had to be comforted by her sister as Julie looked on affectionately. DON'T MISS: Love Island star claims she was ‘set up to fail’ on the show [INSIGHT]Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead [SPOILER]Greg James' Rise and Fall trailer teases more drama than The Traitors  [PREVIEW]   It appeared that Rose wasn’t the only one moved to tears by the restoration. Viewers quickly took to Twitter to point out how affected they were by the segment. A user called @cambridge_ok wrote: “Such a cute lady with the kinder transport box! #TheRepairShop” @sarahjanelyons admitted to being in tears saying: “In floods about a box. #therepairshop.”   It appeared that Rose wasn’t the only one moved to tears by the restoration. Viewers quickly took to Twitter to point out how affected they were by the segment. A user called @cambridge_ok wrote: “Such a cute lady with the kinder transport box! #TheRepairShop @sarahjanelyons admitted to being in tears saying: “In floods about a box. #therepairshop.”