Boxing legend Manny Pacquiao is plotting a return to the ring at the age of 44 and could face Conor Benn in his comeback fight. Pacquiao last fought in August 2021, losing the WBA (Super) welterweight title to Yordenis Ugas on points, but had an exhibition bout in December 2022 against South Korean YouTuber DK Yoo. Pacquiao's advisor Sean Gibbons has now teased a fight against Benn, who was recently cleared of wrongdoing by the WBC over two failed drugs tests ahead of a clash with rival Chris Eubank Jr last year. Benn is still waiting on the outcome of a separate investigation being conducted by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBofC) and the UK Anti-Doping Agency (UKAD) which will decide whether he will receive a ban. However, the 26-year-old is adamant that he is innocent and hopeful his name will be cleared. After Benn posted a clip of him training on social media with the caption "Fight date soon....", Gibbons responded with an image of a poster for a fight between Benn and Pacquiao. "Anytime", replied Benn before Gibbons added: "Waiting on Eddie Hearn ! Senator ready to Rumble !!" JUST IN: Anthony Joshua left red-faced as fans take stance on Franklin fight Both Hearn and Gibbons have previously spoken about a potential fight between Benn and Pacquiao taking place later this year, with Matchroom chief Hearn revealing last month that "minor discussions" had already happened. "Maybe watch this space," Hearn told Boxing King Media. "I would not be surprised to see Conor Benn fight Manny Pacquiao next. But it's not signed. There's been a couple of discussions, minor discussions." Gibbons, meanwhile, told iD Boxing: "Manny is looking to return to the ring in exhibitions and real fights, but the consensus between all parties is that until Conor Benn gets a green light from the WBC or whatever party is overseeing this investigation on the suspension, until he is completely cleared nobody really wants to talk about it. DON'T MISSLogan Paul taunts Tommy Fury for celebrating win like 'World Cup'Jake Paul left red-faced as punch details from Tommy Fury fight emergeJohn Fury calls for Jake Paul to pay up after loss to son Tommy "There's a potential for sure if Conor Benn is cleared. If not we would've loved to have fought Kell Brook who I see is talking about wanting to do one more [fight]. "Whatever it may be, I see him doing a little boxing like he did in Korea in December. On the Conor Benn subject there has to be some kind of closure on this whole issue with the positive tests he had and once that's done then absolutely a lot of discussions can happen."