Lewis Hamilton has been branded a “kiss a**” in a lie detector test ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix. Sky Sports host Simon Lazenby made the remark after Hamilton revealed he had never lied to Mercedes race engineer Peter Bonnington and team principal Toto Wolff. Lazenby asked: “Have you ever lied to Bono? Have you ever lied to Toto?" Hamilton responded “no” on both occasions with the lie detector corroborating the 38-year-old's reply. Lazenby then replied: “Fair enough you've never lied to the boss. You’re a right kiss a**. That's good.” The joke prompted an amused reaction from Hamilton who burst out laughing moments later. Sky Sports conducted the test in a special package ahead of the season-opening race. The tool also opened up a range of secrets about Hamilton’s career on-track as well as how he spends his free time away from racing. READ MORE: George Russell disagrees with David Coulthard on Mercedes challenger In one question, the seven-time champion denied he had watched any reality TV series such as 'Keeping up with the Kardashians'. However, the lie detector refused to accept Hamilton’s answer, leaving the Mercedes star baffled. The Briton also refused to admit he had urinated in his car but was forced to U-turn after being picked up by the device. The lie detector was also used to work out Hamilton’s long-term future in F1 as Lazenby axed if he would remain in the sport until he picked up an eighth crown. Despite a long pause, the 38-year-old responded he would stay until he had beaten the record despite Mercedes struggling for performance. DON'T MISSFIA blamed for fresh Lewis Hamilton setback in Nico Rosberg fear [INSIGHT]Hamilton cautioned on 'not realistic' F1 goals as Wolff fears worst [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton brands new Mercedes 'average' as woes set to continue  [COMMENT] After the package had aired, Lazenby said George Russell would be the next driver to take on the test. He also suggested other F1 stars would likely be taking part throughout the rest of the season. F1 fans on social media praised Sky Sports for the segment and also called for it to become a regular feature ahead of races. @OPL_MY posted: “Definitely want to see more of this throughout the season.” @SJM18T added: “This was brilliant. Will Verstappen do it? We've all got some questions.” @dystainak said: “I wonder how many questions were off limits & which race he peed himself?” @craigtait25 commented: “That Lewis Hamilton lie detector test segment was extremely good.”