Consultant trichologist Eva Proudman told Express.co.uk why she thinks Queen Letizia has let her hair grow grey, and how middle aged women can do the same at home, albeit with style. Letizia’s hair is also thick, bouncy, and glossy - characteristics that any woman can achieve with the right hair products and care. “Hair begins to turn grey when the Melanocytes (that produce the Melanin which give the hair its colour) begin to deplete and become ineffective,” Eva explained. “This is largely due to the ageing process but can be genetically related too. Everyone regardless of their hair colour will develop grey hairs, but it is probably more noticeable on dark hair. “The term ‘grey’ is slightly misleading as the hair is white - it just looks grey as a result of being mixed in with normally pigmented hair and this is what gives us that wonderful array of tones. “Whether to embrace your grey hair as you start to get older is an entirely personal choice. But it is currently more on-trend than ever before.” Letizia’s hair might be starting to grey, but its texture hasn’t changed since she was young - her hair is shiny and bouncy. The royal’s hair is healthy because of her diet, according to Eva. She said: “Healthy hair comes principally from looking after your diet and lifestyle as well as great haircare. “Eating enough protein daily, as well as keeping hydrated, sleeping well, and exercising give the hair the nutrition and lifestyle it needs to grow and be healthy. Couple that with a great shampoo and conditioner and the hair will look shiny and bouncy.” As for her hair thickness, Eva said she believes it is down to Letizia’s genetics. DON'T MISS: Queen Letizia wows in green suit and £1,800 jewels [STYLE] Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Queen Camilla wears favourite colour to 'evoke trustworthiness' [COLOUR PSYCHOLOGY] She explained: “Hair diameter is genetically inherited, so the Queen has been lucky to have a good diameter of hair to begin with. “Spanish hair tends to be slightly thicker per hair than the average European hair and generally there are more follicles on the head that grow multiple hairs. “A follicle can grow between one to four hairs, the more multiple units on the head the thicker the hair looks. Basically, the genetics, great hair care, and good diet are what’s keeping her hair so thick.” Eva stressed that “it is up to each individual as to how they want to manage their hair”. “When we choose to colour the grey hair, it can become a real time commitment and an ongoing expense too as the roots will need to be retouched really regularly to combat that grey hair showing,” she said. The hair expert added that she believes Letizia’s hair “looks amazing and she should choose what she is happy to do”. So, how can one embrace their grey roots like the Spanish Queen? “Firstly, grey hair can change in texture - it is usually finer, but may feel coarse due to a lack of the natural sebum that keeps our hair moisturised,” Eva said. “Sebum production also decreases as we age and sometimes the hair may develop a curl or kink. It really varies and there isn’t one hard and fast rule.” The expert advised: “Research into how the structure of grey hair changes is ongoing and inconclusive - what does seem to happen is that the underlying structure of the hair changes as the Melanocytes become inactive.” If you want to dye your hair grey, Eva warned that it’s not the easiest thing to do as “it can often take on a dull yellow tone that most people do not find flattering”. “Purple based shampoos can give the grey hair a nice bright tone and keep it looking shiny too,” she added. “My particular favourite is the Milkshake Silver Shine - not only does it smell wonderful, it really delivers a great clean tone and super shine to the hair. “Grey hair is more susceptible to UV damage from the sun so invest in a good SPF to add protection. Washing every other day is really important as grey hair shows the dirt more quickly than any other hair colour.” As for which cut one should go for with grey hair, Eva advised “talking to your stylist and looking at maybe adding layers into the hair to keep the grey looking bouncy and full”.