Shoppers are bracing for potential shortages of onions after tomatoes and cucumbers vanished from supermarket shelves over the last few weeks. Onion producers are reportedly being forced to slash their planting for the season due to concerns about dwindling water supplies. According to the National Farmers' Union (NFU), the challenges facing onion growers will grow due to a lack of rain in the upcoming months. On average, one large farmer in Suffolk, East Anglia, who has a 10,500-acre estate expects to decrease his planting by roughly 400 acres, most of which would typically be set aside for onions. East Anglia is still officially in a "drought" following the driest season in almost 30 years. As British onions are primarily grown in Lincolnshire, East Anglia, Bedfordshire and Kent, fears are rising that producers will not be able to keep up with demand. Mike Thomas, an NFU spokesman, said: "Water will be a big concern for farmers…particularly if we don’t get any substantial rain." Due to dwindling vegetable growth and harvesting in southern England, Mr Thomas said "retailers are starting to look further north [for supplies]". NFU warns that the recent shortages of fresh food that customers have noticed in supermarkets may extend into the summer due to the danger of a prolonged drought and unreasonably high energy costs. Mr Thomas suggested an onion shortage could mean shortages last "beyond May into the summer". Environment Secretary Thérèse Coffey suggested people should eat turnips to help ease the shortages of fruit and vegetables across the UK, claiming the current shortage should be resolved within a month. READ MORE: Shopper explodes at supermarket staff checking receipts at exits Her comments sparked a backlash from NFU's Vice President who called on the Government to take the food shortages "seriously". David Exwood suggested the Government needed to find a strategy for the UK to become self-sufficient. He said: "Otherwise the situation we see will carry on. We had a billion less eggs produced in this country last year compared to 2019. "Apple orchards are being grubbed up as we speak. This is a serious situation." DON'T MISS:Super Saturday: England game could ring £860million of groceries [REPORT]Bizarre moment man rides horse into store leaving shoppers stunned [REPORT]Waitrose to close stores and axe jobs: Is YOUR supermarket shutting? [MAPPED]  He added: "We need the Government to take it seriously rather than make flippant comments about turnips." Britain grows around 450,000 tonnes of onions a year and consumers around 800,000 tonnes, with the Netherlands and Spain accounting for a large proportion of this supply. Food minister Mark Spence is to hold crisis talks with supermarket chiefs in a desperate bid to solve the fruit and veg crisis gripping Britain. READ NEXT:UK hits ‘tip of the iceberg’ as supermarkets face veg shortage Asda shoppers 'terrified' after man 'slashed with machete' by storeAldi recalls popular product which may be 'unsafe to eat'Clever supermarket fuel-saving tips will slash consumption ratesElectric car owners can save £133 per year with supermarket charging