Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy boasts an intriguing life and football career stemming from spells with the likes of Ajax, Porto and Blackburn Rovers. Erik ten Hag has already talked up the South African's impact at Old Trafford, where he teaches players 'how to score'. The Dutchman felt as though he needed an attacking influence at United, having played primarily as a defender or a midfielder before retirement. McCarthy has been credited with the huge improvement seen in Marcus Rashford, who already has a career-best 25 goals in all competitions this season. "I wanted to find a good balance," Ten Hag told United's official website. "[McCarthy] is offensive [minded] as he is a former striker and that is also a really specific job task in the team. I never played there, so I’m lucky to have someone in my staff who played there." The former frontman has also been praised for creating an added sense of togetherness within the squad, having been almost universally popular during his previous positions. Here, Express Sport takes you through three fascinating stories from McCarthy's past... Don't miss... Man Utd chiefs 'have same concern' about signing De Jong or Bellingham [TRANSFERS] Jose Mourinho KO McCarthy worked under the precocious young coach at Porto where they each played important roles in an unlikely 2004 Champions League triumph. The striker scored 25 goals in all competitions that season - his first full campaign in Portugal. On working with Mourinho, who went on to manage United among others, McCarthy once said that 'if you throw one punch at him, he will throw two back at you'. When asked by FourFourTwo who would win in a fight, he responded: "If it’s physical then I would knock Mister out with one punch – no danger! "In football terms, though, he’s Mike Tyson. I’d have no chance. He was the best coach I played under: the most skilled, intelligent and clued-up."  Read more... Man Utd set for Henderson 'meeting' as Ten Hag makes his mind up [LATEST] Mauricio Pochettino 'ready to accept Tottenham job' if Conte quits [RUMOURS] Man Utd trio could move up pecking order after Liverpool mauling [COMMENT] American gang McCarthy, now 45, grew up in the tough streets of Cape Town, South Africa, where he spent time as a youngster playing in the local 'gangster league'. As a child, the talented striker gained valuable experience against much older opponents who supposedly put gang violence on hold each Sunday afternoon to make time for football. His team was known as the 'American gang', on which he shared: "[We were] a wealthy gang because of the drug money. We wore Brazil’s kits and had players who played at a higher level. Tournaments would always be for money – and big money too. We’d share that out between the players." Paul Ince feud McCarthy made his Premier League bow with Blackburn, who were managed by Mark Hughes at the time, in 2006, going on to score 24 goals in his first season. Hughes would eventually be replaced by another former Man Utd star in Paul Ince, who only lasted six months at the helm. "After that Chelsea move fell through, my career went up in smoke," McCarthy admitted to FFT. "Paul Ince wasn’t a good manager for me. I think he had an issue that I’d done well playing for Mourinho – he used to make little digs." 