During the latest episode of Four in a Bed on Channel 4, the sisters invited three sets of B&B owners to stay at Valley View. While some guests felt the glamping pods were impressive, others likened their interior to a student flat. Sharon and Deby were also criticised for not providing breakfast at their accommodation which was described as a "glorified shed" by viewers. Business partners Mia and Emmanuel, as well as the other contestants on the show, seemed baffled breakfast was not served on-site. Earlier in the week, the sisters explained to B&B owner Heather Mitchell: “We work in partnership with a cafe across the road.” Heather asked: “So you’re not cooking it yourselves?” Revealing they do not have an industrial kitchen, Deby and Sharon told everyone they’d have to go to a cafe to have their morning fry-ups. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark The rest of the contestants all provided breakfast at their accommodation and were quick to make a note of this when it came to reviewing Valley View. Mia said: "When it comes to breakfast, they don't have delivery options." Heather added: "The breakfast was lovely in the cafe across the road, however, the breakfast should be within the building." A couple of the guests said they would not stay at the B&B again, with one contestant citing they did not feel safe using the stairs.  The contestants had to add up how much they would pay to stay the night at the glamping site, but viewers will have to wait until Friday before the amounts are revealed. Four in a Bed viewers did not seem impressed by the lack of hot food or the glamping pods, with many taking to Twitter to express their concerns. Anthony penned: "Seriously… No breakfast provided = no score #fourinabed." (sic) Tina fumed: "#Fourinabed If you’re calling it luxury, the least you can provide is someone to cook my breakfast on site. "I don’t like the whole trekking to a local cafe malarkey." DON'T MISS...Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [LATEST]Four in a Bed owners mortified as guests point out hygiene issue  [UPDATE]Four in a Bed fans call out ‘game players’ after 'disappointing' swipe [REACTION] Mick remarked: "It's a glorified shed with no breakfast, not that appealing to be honest, especially at over £100 #fourinabed." (sic) @Shrimpsy said: "I’d score a zero for breakfast as they had nothing to do with it so didn’t apply #fourinabed." However, Sarah told her followers: "Tomorrow should be fun! #fourinabed." Julie Vail added: "#Fourinabed has such brilliant guests."  The sisters' glamping site was the last B&B of the week to be reviewed by the guests. Earlier on in the week, Heather, who owned a hotel near Newcastle, was praised for having a delicious breakfast and clean rooms. However, Mia was the only guest who said she would not stay at the Geordie host's accommodation again. Four in a Bed continues tomorrow at 5pm on Channel 4. 