Prince Andrew is reportedly "resisting" the move to Frogmore Cottage as he doesn't want to downsize, a royal insider has claimed. The decision comes after it emerged that the King wants to evict Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from the ten-bedroom home in Windsor that they have owned since their wedding in 2018. The Duke of York is tipped to move into the home instead. Speaking to The Sun, an insider claimed that Prince Andrew is not pleased with the news as he doesn't want to downsize. Prince Andrew has lived at Rodge Lodge for the past two decades, and according to royal correspondent Richard Palmer, he will "fight tooth and nail to stay at Royal Lodge". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex gave Frogmore Cottage a £2.4million revamp in recent years. Like Frogmore, Royal Lodge has also had a revamp since Andrew moved. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry's biographer hits out at King's 'cruel' move to evict them from Frogmore Despite previously signing a 75-year lease, Andrew still fears that he will be evicted from Royal Lodge. The Duke of York took over the property in 2002, after the death of his maternal grandmother, the Queen Mother. The 21-acre property boasts 31 rooms, with Andrew sharing the property with his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson. It is believed that Andrew has not accepted the offer, particularly due to his unhappiness over Charles's decision to move to a smaller property. READ MORE: Meghan contacted Liz Hurley over her stint on Royals TV show prior to meeting Prince Harry  Prince Harry and Meghan were reportedly left "stunned" by King Charles III's "cruel punishment" of evicting them from Frogmore. Speaking out over the decision, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's unofficial biographer Omid Scobie claims that it all "feels very final". They added: "It's like [the family] want to cut them out of the picture for good." DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan lived at Frogmore Cottage with their young son Archie, prior to their exit and move to the US. They also used the home as their UK base during visits to Britain, with their last visit for the Platinum Jubilee last June.