Cara Delevingne, 30, worried the world last year when pictures emerged of the model's wild behaviour and dishevelled appearance at an airport. However, as Cara continues her recovery, she has spoken out about the "heartbreaking" reality check she faced last year upon seeing the images, and how she recovered from such a "bad place". Cara explained the concerning paparazzi photos prompted her to check into rehab. The supermodel spoke to Vogue Magazine as she appears as their cover star for April, admitting that she is now "ready" to tackle her demons. She said: "I've had interventions of some sort, but I wasn't ready. That's the problem. "I hadn't seen a therapist in three years. I just kind of pushed everyone away, which made me realise how much I was in a bad place. READ MORE: Sharon Stone claims custody battle was influenced by Basic Instinct "I always thought that the work needs to be done when the times are bad, but actually the work needs to be done when they're good. "The work needs to be done consistently. It's never going to be fixed or fully healed but I'm okay with that, and that's the difference." Cara's well-being had been at the forefront of her family's minds, although she admitted that it wasn't until she saw the "scary" paparazzi photos of herself that she realised she needed help. She explained: "I hadn’t slept. I was not okay. It’s heartbreaking because I thought I was having fun, but at some point, it was like, 'Okay, I don’t look well.' "You know, sometimes you need a reality check, so in a way, those pictures were something to be grateful for." The model then credited her family and friends for being a good support system in her recovery as she admitted she then began to "reach out" to her loved ones. Cara checked herself into a residential rehabilitation facility to combat her protracted substance and alcohol abuse. These are issues she admitted were exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic, but is now looking forward to her new goals in recovery. DON'T MISS... Strictly's Ola Jordan 'walks around naked' amid weight loss [COMMENT] JK Rowling says 14 is too young for gender choice after her own doubts [OPINION] Sharon Stone claims custody battle was influenced by Basic Instinct [INSIGHT]   Cara previously spoke out about her upbringing to Harper's Bazaar UK, explaining that it was "very stressful" because there was "quite a lot of chaos". She said: "Everyone has something they go through with their family. "My life, I feel, was very stressful because there was quite a lot of chaos - not being sure if people were OK or not." The model recalled finding her school years difficult as she suffered from a developmental disorder called dyspraxia. She also developed severe anxiety and depression at age 15, which resulted in her self-harming. She told Vogue: "All of a sudden I was hit with a massive wave of depression and anxiety and self-hatred, where the feelings were so painful that I would slam my head against a tree to try to knock myself out. "I never cut [myself], but I’d scratch myself to the point of bleeding. "I just wanted to dematerialize and have someone sweep me away." Vogue's April 2023 issue is available on newsstands nationwide on March 21. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.