Two waxwork figures of Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William have been mocked by the public, with the prince's one being likened to "Hugh Grant after 20 Jägerbombs". The models are on display at the Krakow Wax Museum, however royal fans have been shocked by Kate's "dishevelled" appearance and blonde hair, remarkably different to her real life brown locks. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat One visitor even claimed they saw a child crying, "probably because she was so scared of the creepy figures". The tourist attraction is rated only 2.5 stars on TripAdvisor, and offers waxwork models of famous faces including Tom Cruise, Vladimir Putin and Mr Bean. However holidaymakers in the Polish city have claimed the figures are of poor quality and look nothing like their famous counterparts. Graeme Bandeira said of the William model: "Hugh Grant after 20 Jagerbombs". Kate's figure meanwhile has the wrong colour hair and a much larger forehead than the princess. Nicky from Burton-on-Trent said of the museum: "One of the worst places I've ever been, just a good job the wax works had signs on each figure otherwise we'd have never have known who each one was. "It takes about five mins to walk around, we even saw a child crying, probably because she was so scared of the creepy figures." READ MORE: Archie Harrison takes Prince title as Harry and Meghan deliver update Sophie from Ennis in Ireland commented: "This was the worst wax museum I've ever visited. "It was expensive considering what was in there. Most figures had fingers snapped off or no hands." Alex from Derby added: "My sister and I visited to get out of the cold, however we ended up having such a laugh.  Don't miss... Anger as King could offer Sussexes taxpayer-funded accommodation [LATEST] Queen Letizia turns heads in silver gown with new hairstyle  [FASHION] Fergie looks 'super cool' in New York - but not 'royal appropriate' [REVEAL] "Most of the waxworks are so bad, but some are actually quite good. We were creeped out the whole way around." Earlier today the real Kate travelled to Wiltshire to visit the 1st Irish Guards for the first time since she became Colonel last December. Dressed in full camouflage kit, the princess took part in a training exercise on Salisbury Plain Training Area which involved administering first aid to a soldier suffering from a gunshot wound. During the drill Kate could be seen crouching in the snow wearing a beanie hat to keep out the cold.