Mice make their way into homes through cracks and holes they can find in walls, floors and foundations and will be drawn by food in cupboards or crumbs left on the floors. Not only can they be incredibly annoying by chewing through anything from cardboard to plastic, they can also cause some damage. To help Britons keep the pests at bay, Mrs Hinch fans recommended a variety of hacks - one of which only costs 80p. Taking to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, Clare Warner asked: “Does anyone know how to get rid of mice please?” While mice don’t bite, they are known to carry a variety of diseases which can make residents ill if the situation isn’t sorted. This is why it’s best to get rid of mice in the house as soon as they are first spotted. Many group members suggested that peppermint is something that mice take a strong dislike to. They suggested that many forms of peppermint can be used around the house to deter mice, such as peppermint tea bags and peppermint oil. READ MORE: Food scraps ‘not’ to add to your compost heaps - will ‘attract vermin’ Jane Ryan said: “Peppermint tea bags. Put them all around the whole house. They hate it and so they will leave once they’ve smelt it.” Lorna Oliver wrote: “Add peppermint tea bags to gaps and entry points of your house. They will run away.” Maura Prentice commented: “I make peppermint tea and then cover areas of the home with the used tea bags.” Maureen McVerry replied: “Peppermint oil, they hate the smell of it. Sprinkle it where they are." Don't miss... Radiator habit to ‘stop’ as it uses more energy and ‘costs more money’ [EXPERT] ‘Best time’ to hang your laundry outside to dry ‘quicker’ [TIPS] Hydrangea mistakes that lead to ‘reduced flowers’ - how to ‘avoid’ [COMMENT] Eileen Murray said: “I have given this answer before because it works. Oil of peppermint. Mice hate it, so do spiders and other crawlies.” Margaret Drake wrote: “Need to find where they are coming in first. Then fill tightly with steel wool. I have heard that peppermint oil keeps them away as well.” Because mice rely mostly on their sense of smell, the direct scent of peppermint tea or peppermint oil is an immediate turnoff. Peppermint tea bags are cheap to buy as they retail for 80p in Sainsbury’s, and £1 in Tesco and Asda. Mice generally follow the scent of other mouse pheromones, which is why when the scent of peppermint is mixed in they get confused. READ MORE: 65p effective deterrent to stop rats invading gardens - ‘they hate’ it To get rid of these unwelcome rodents, boil a pot of peppermint tea. Once the tea is boiled, spread the used teabags throughout the house. Be generous in the areas where you think you'll find these unwanted visitors. In just two to three days, the home should not only be mouse-free, but it should smell nice too. For those who would rather not go through the hassle of making tea, peppermint oil works just as good. There are three different ways you can go about setting up essential oils to repel mice - by spraying it, sprinkling it directly, or soaking cotton balls. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For those who have a hunch as to where the rodents are coming in - windows, cracks, and other crevices - just apply a line of undiluted peppermint oil across the entrance point. If a larger area needs to be targeted, just dilute the oil with a little bit of water and spray said area. This is the better route to take for those who are not sure where they're coming from. While peppermint oil is an effective deterrent, it's not a long-term solution. Therefore, households will need to reapply the oil every few days. Also, be extra careful about leaving cotton balls out for too long. Once the odour fades away, those little visitors might haul these off to furnish their nests.