Sir Jim Ratcliffe is reportedly not willing to clear Manchester United’s debt as part of his ownership bid as the club’s takeover saga takes another twist. Qatari bidder Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani, on the other hand, has been vocal about how he is willing to do so which may put him in a strong position. In his statement, the chairman of the Qatar bank QIB said: “The bid will be completely debt free via Sheikh Jassim's Nine Two Foundation, which will look to invest in the football teams, the training centre, the stadium and wider infrastructure, the fan experience and the communities the club supports. "The vision of the bid is for Manchester United Football Club to be renowned for footballing excellence, and regarded as the greatest football club in the world." The stance on clearing the debt could prove attractive to the Glazer family, with the club’s net debt standing at £656million. Though it is reported that the club could be considered ‘debt free’ with an investment of £580m. According to The Athletic's Adam Crafton, Ratcliffe is not capable of matching Sheikh Jassim’s stance on clearing the debt, which could hand the Qatari an advantage in the race to acquire the club. INEOS, owned by Ratcliffe, did not address the debt in their statement confirming their bid, instead insisting that they would be ‘long-term custodians of Manchester United’ and would invest to make the club the European threat that they once were. It remains to be seen whether the debt is a major factor in the eyes of the Glazers, with meetings scheduled with both bidders over the coming weeks, according to The Guardian. Sheikh Jassim and Ratcliffe are expected to hold meetings with the club over the coming fortnight to discuss their bids. There is hope that the initial talks will be positive and that the bidders will discover whether a deal is plausible, with growing external speculation that the Glazer family do not truly want to part ways with the Red Devils. Both interested parties are reportedly keen to strike a deal to acquire United before the end of the season so that they are able to make their mark in the summer transfer window and implement new policies. If no agreement is reached with either party then it is speculated that there are minority investors waiting in the wings to pounce and purchase a small share of the club.