Manchester City continued to apply the pressure on Premier League leaders Arsenal with a comfortable 2-0 win against Newcastle United at the Etihad Stadium. Express Sport runs through the lessons learned, including Erling Haaland's body language painting another worrying picture. Gareth Southgate has quite the winger department on his hands for when Euro 2024 qualifying commences later this month. Not only are Marcus Rashford and Bukayo Saka enjoying the best seasons of their careers, but Foden also reminded everyone of his class to open the scoring. Southgate has options. He could use three forwards or even line up Saka, Foden and Rashford together behind Harry Kane. But he must utilise the embarrassment of attacking riches at his disposal if he's to finally lift that teasing major international trophy during his tenure. JUST IN: Arsenal ace Granit Xhaka backs Mikel Arteta for axing two ex-stars Haaland's agent recently fueled speculation surrounding his future at Manchester City, with the 'dreamland' that is Real Madrid continuing to linger. Despite his prolific exploits this season, Haaland has cut a frustrated figure in recent weeks, and it was no different on Saturday. The 22-year-old often made darting runs into space, but Kevin De Bruyne endured an off day, and his fellow playmakers couldn't pick him out. Make that two goals in Haaland's last eight appearances... a worrying spell by his extraterrestrial standards. DON'T MISSArsenal boss Mikel Arteta ignored William Saliba for 'first week'Man City have taken drastic action against Prem as Guardiola fumesMan Utd £50m Ivan Toney deal jeopardised with Brentford 'disappointed' At the start of February, Newcastle were into their first cup final in a lifetime and favoured by many for a top-four finish. Then they drew to West Ham United... and AFC Bournemouth... and then their unbeaten home run ended against Liverpool... and then they were beaten 2-0 by Manchester United at Wembley too. Their third successive 2-0 defeat extends the Magpies' winless streak to five games, and they will slip down to seventh if Liverpool and Fulham win their respective games this weekend. Eddie Howe has a big job on his hands to oversee something of a reset at St. James' Park and ensure a promising season doesn't descend into disappointment. Man City move two points behind Premier League leaders Arsenal with their triumph, lumping pressure on Mikel Arteta's side to deliver against Bournemouth. Arsenal will revert to a five-point lead if they win their game in hand at the Emirates Stadium, which would be a fourth consecutive victory. And City playing before the Gunners will only test their mental toughness further, with the main question of their title credentials whether the former's experience will be too strong to overcome. Another emphatic result in north London on Saturday afternoon will answer those concerns. Over to you, Arsenal. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here