A woman has received a £185,000 payout in court after a judge ruled that her ex-husband must pay her for housework during their marriage. He was ordered by a Spanish court to pay his ex-wife, Ivana Moral, around £182,000 in a record settlement.  Judge Laura Ruiz Alaminos, settling the case at a court in Malaga in southern Spain, came to this figure after calculating what she would receive if paid minimum wage for her housework over the 25-year period. The former couple have two daughters. It has been ruled that Ivana spent almost all of her time looking after the family and their home while her husband worked in business. Ivana's ex-husband has also been told that he must pay her a pension worth £444 per month as well as £356 and £533 to his two daughters. The former couple married in 1995, but asked for a divorce in 2020. Ivana has said she is happy with the payout, and criticised her husband for financially "excluding" her. She told the i newspaper: "Clearly this was a case of abuse to be completely excluded financially (by my ex-husband) with nothing left after my marriage ended, so me and my daughters were left with nothing after all these years of putting all my time, energy and love in the family. "I was supporting my husband in his work and in the family as a mother and a father. I was never allowed access to his financial affairs; everything was in his name." The ruling said that Ivana had "dedicated herself to essentially working in the home, which meant looking after the home and the family and all that involves". The marriage was governed by a separation of property regime. Ivana's husband asked her to sign up to it at the start of their marriage. This meant that whatever each party earned was theirs to keep – only possession would be split. But this would have left Ivana with no access to any of the wealth built up over the course of their marriage. READ MORE: Study shows 'socially Scandinavian' UK is more liberal than France  Ivana also said her husband "did not want her to work" and would only let her work at the gym he owned. She told Cadena Ser radio: "I have dedicated myself exclusively to housework, looking after my husband and the house. "He made me take on the specific role' of doing domestic chores, to the extent that 'I was in a place where I couldn't really do much else." The sentence had made her "very happy" because it was "very well deserved", she said. However, he ex-husband is expected to appeal the ruling. DON'T MISSColeen Nolan and Janet clash over 'spiteful' divorce comment1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton snubs Michael in first post since ‘split’Prince Harry says 'broken home' made him 'perfect candidate' for army