The Beatles wrote countless songs throughout their decade-long career - but not every single one was a hit. And as the writers, the Fab Four were their own biggest critics. As a result, John Lennon confessed he hated a song from their sixth album, Rubber Soul, which hit store shelves in 1965. Lennon opened up about his music in the book "All We Are Saying: The Last Major Interview with John Lennon and Yoko Ono", which involved snippets of interviews from 1980, the year he was murdered. In the chat, he spoke about the song Run For Your Life. The track is a jaunty blues track that, Lennon later confessed, was inspired by a song performed by Elvis Presley. Lennon revealed: "Yeah, it has a line from an old Presley song: ‘I’d rather see you dead, little girl, than to be with another man’ is a line from an old blues song that Presley did once." The song in question was the King of Rock and Roll's 1955 song Baby, Let's Play House. However, Lennon was not a fan of his song, despite the fact it was inspired by his hero. Lennon called Run For Your Life "Just a sort of throwaway song of mine that I never thought much of". Despite the fact it was not one of his best-loved tracks, Lennon revealed George Harrison thought highly of it. "It was always a favourite of George’s," he explained. Harrison always loved Lennon's writing, but perhaps it was the connection to Elvis that had the Quiet Beatle swooning over the song. Don't miss... George Harrison bested Paul McCartney in film shoot - 'Tried too hard' [INFO] Elvis 'was never the same' after big change claimed The Beatles [NEWS] James Bond producer turned down Beatles mega-hit in historic blunder [INSIGHT] The Beatles always highly praised Elvis, pointing at him as the main inspiration for the band getting together and writing rock music in the first place. Lennon once said: "Without rock ‘n’ roll there would be no Beatles. Without Elvis, there would be no Beatles. Without Johnnie Ray, there would be no Elvis. Without whoever came before Johnnie Ray there would be no Johnnie Ray. It’s endless. It’s timeless." This was not the only song Lennon hated, however. He also pointed at another song from the band's fifth album, Help!, that he called "filler". Lennon explained how he disliked the song It's Only Love. It's a short track written and performed by the star on their 1965 record. He told Playboy's David Sheff: "It’s Only Love is mine. I always thought it was a lousy song. The lyrics were abysmal. I always hated that song.” SOURCE