Whoopi Goldberg is no stranger to confrontation while presenting ABC's hit-morning breakfast TV show. It was in a recent episode that the veteran showbiz star seemed to get involved in an awkward ordeal with a member of the show's audience live on-air. Whoopi raised eyebrows after calling out an audience member in The View studio while presenting a segment about actor Michael B. Jordan. The controversial TV host, 67, was discussing the Black Panther star following his appearance on the popular morning programme aired in the US. "Michael B. Jordan, yum yum. I can say that because, you know, he's just delicious," she confessed during the recent episode. "He just is, and I missed him when he was here," Whoopi gushed before launching into a story about Michael's encounter with an old classmate. READ MORE: Whoopi Goldberg branded 'rude' as she sparks backlash on The View Whoopi retold the tale of Michael's former school pal going on to become a popular podcaster and media star – catching the attention of one audience member. They had seemingly indicated that they had heard the story before as Whoopi paused telling the story before looking directly at the show fan. Pointing them out, while grinning, Whoopi probed: "You know about this, don't you?" Her quip seemed to go down well with other audience members as they began to clap and cheer at her cheeky comment. After calling out the audience member, Whoopi looked back at the camera, continuing her story before saying "Uh-huh". "He reminded her about some past on-air comments she may have made about him," she said while telling the tale again. She played a clip to audience members after telling everyone to "take a look". After it played, she seemed to look back at the audience member, sporting an "awkward grin" as she began to shake her head in what looked to be disappointment. DON'T MISS: The View host calls for help days after Goldberg's 'awkward' outburst Goldberg admits she 'switched off' Super Bowl in huge rant The View’s Whoopi Goldberg slammed by fans for chewing while on air "It's hard when people can say 'I heard you say it'. It's really tough," she admitted, seemingly slamming the audience member's reaction. It isn't the first time The View has descended into a tense environment, only recently Whoopi clashed with a member of the show's crew. The ordeal not only happened live on-air, but it was also right in front of Hollywood's Liam Neeson. He was promoting new movie MARLOWE when he joined the panel, with some viewers saying the chat was "full of silence". During the show, the studio went silent as Whoopi looked down the camera and at the crew before saying: "Well I'm trying to figure... erm, yes?" "Is that it," asked another member of the panel before Whoopi began shouting at the crew. "You keep throwing stuff up," she blasted. Crew member Brian shouted off-camera: "We've run out of time, but we do have more time with Mr Neeson." All before Whoopi came back with: "Well then why don't you say that to him?" Some members of the audience gasped during the cringeworthy back-and-fourth. The View continues weekdays from 11am ET on ABC in the USA.