In 2014, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 took off from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. As it flew over the Indian Ocean on March 8, it vanished and sparked one of the biggest aviation mysteries in history. To this day, the aircraft's fate remains unknown. A new, three-part Netflix docuseries, MH370: The Plane That Disappeared, is now exploring what could have happened to the flight and its 239 passengers, including the theory that the captain is to blame. The MH370, flown by 53-year-old pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah and 27-year-old officer Fariq Hamid, left Malaysian airspace but never checked in with Vietnamese airspace as expected. It completely disappeared from the radar, although an official report released in 2018 found it was missing for 20 minutes before the authorities sent an alert. It has been suggested that the experienced aviator Zaharie deliberately flew the plane off course as part of a mass murder-suicide plot. The news of the missing plane shocked aviation officials, devastated the loved ones of passengers and crew on board, and intrigued the world as the mystery unfolded. It is thought that the plane crashed somewhere in the Indian Ocean, taking with it the lives of those on board. Debris attributed to the plane was found in Réunion, Madagascar, and Mozambique. After crossing into Vietnamese airspace, radars revealed that the plane quickly made a lefthand turn, returning to the Andaman Sea where it disappeared off the radar. According to experts who feature in the documentary, it travelled for hours until there was nothing left in the plane's petrol tank before plunging into the Indian Ocean. The first episode of the documentary, titled, The Pilot, centres around the theory that Zaharie was responsible for MH370’s disappearance. READ MORE: Suicide rates among disabled Britons 'disproportionately high' Two years after the incident, New York magazine discovered that the captain had flown a route “closely matching” that taken on his home simulator. The Malaysian police had handed over his simulator to the FBI who then discovered that six data points, stored on the Microsoft Flight Simulator X programme, had been deleted just weeks before the real flight had taken off. It was widely claimed that the Malaysian authorities left the news of the flight simulator out of the subsequent public report, an investigation which was released on the tragedy's one-year anniversary. Part of the report read: “The Captain’s ability to handle stress at work and home was good. There was no known history of apathy, anxiety, or irritability. There were no significant changes in his lifestyle, interpersonal conflict, or family stresses.” Don't miss... Putin could 'blackmail' West with nukes if Ukraine attacks Crimea [EXCLUSIVE] Mystery airships that filled skies of US still unexplained  [INTRIGUE] Take our quiz and find out if you can spot a deepfake [QUIZ] The report did not, however, rule out “unlawful interference by a third party”. The Malaysian authorities have repeatedly refuted claims he deliberately flew the plane far into the sea, as have Australian investigators from Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) in 2018. But in the same year, former Canadian air crash investigator Larry Vance told Australia’s 60 Minutes that the ATSB’s investigation was flawed. He said: “[The pilot] was killing himself; unfortunately, he was killing everybody else on board, and he did it deliberately." The search for the MH370 officially ended in May 2018, more than four years after the incident. Malaysia’s government at the time stated that it would resume the search if more credible evidence came to light. Some £100million has been spent searching for the MH370, with 120,000 square kilometres examined to no avail. MH370: The Plane That Disappeared is available to stream on Netflix from March 8.