Daniil Medvedev explained why he snubbed Novak Djokovic from a list of the tour’s best backhands as he claimed it was the only alternative to one of the Serb’s “brutal” weapons. The world No 6 was also full of praise for young rival Carlos Alcaraz as he claimed the teenager had the potential to break records in a threat to Djokovic and Rafael Nadal’s current achievements. Medvedev discussed the tennis world and some of his rivals at length in a new appearance on The Tennis Podcast, where he talked up Alcaraz and shared one of his key tactics against Djokovic. The 18-time title winner was asked to make a list of the tour’s best backhands where he notably left out the current world No 1 and explained the reason for his snub when asked. After naming Alexander Zverev, Alejendro Davidovich Fokina and Andrey Rublev, the 27-year-old was asked about Djokovic’s backhand. And Medvedev revealed that he couldn’t add the Serb to the list because his forehand was so “brutal” that his backhand was actually the easier option when it came to playing the 22-time Grand Slam champion. The former world No 1 said: “Yeah but I feel like Novak’s forehand is so good right now - the last four years, maybe before even but I haven’t played him much before - that for example when I play him, I feel like I’m less in danger when I play on his backhand.” Instead of adding Djokovic to his backhand list, he claimed that the 35-year-old had one of the best forehands. Just in Indian Wells star Felix Auger-Aliassime has chin glued back together [LATEST] “The way his forehand is just brutal I would say, probably one of the best on tour for me. So that’s why I don’t want to talk too much about his backhand because it’s actually really beautiful and I mean the way he can slide through it is amazing,” he added. While Medvedev backed Djokovic in the forehand standings, it appeared that he wasn’t fully behind the world No 1 when it came to Carlos Alcaraz. Medvedev shared his wish to see the pair play more while also backing the Spaniard to break records. “I think I would like to see more of Alcaraz, Novak and Rafa,” the world No 6 said of his favourite rivalries to watch. Because when he beat them both in Madrid - again I was injured so I didn’t watch the matches - but I watched Instagram and that was a highlight reel. “There were so many highlights from those matches that could be great. And it’s a pity that when Carlos won US Open he didn’t have to face one of them because I think this could be amazing to watch.” Medvedev and Alcaraz have only met once on the tour before the Spaniard became a Grand Slam champion and world No 1, but the 27-year-old was still clearly impressed by what he had seen of the teenager from afar. Don't miss... Ukrainian gets WTA reply as chief said 'not to be upset' by Russians [UPDATE] Pegula lauds 'star' doubles partner Gauff to mark teen's birthday [QUOTES] Ukrainian tennis ace withdraws from Indian Wells with 'panic attack' [NEWS] “I like to watch Carlos play because in my opinion, pure talent,” he explained. “The way he can hit through the ball - I remember I even watched Buenos Aires, a few matches - and when he hits a forehand as he can do it, the guy is off-balance straight away. And not many players can do it.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 