Better has gone down a storm with BBC One viewers as it sees a twisted lifelong friendship come to a head. After a life-changing event, corrupted DCI Lou Slack (played by Leila Farzad) decides she wants to redeem herself by putting her friend and criminal boss Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan) behind bars. Here's everything there is to know about the future of Better so far. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better. Better first premiered on Monday, February 13, on BBC One, with a new instalment coming out every week in the same time slot. Tonight, Monday, March 13, will see the final episode air, wrapping up Lou and Col's story. As of writing this article, there has been no word on whether or not there is going to be a second season. Better hasn't been listed as a limited series, which is where a show is definitely going to have one season and no more. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap As the drama isn't a limited series, this could indicate the possibility of more episodes in the future. Co-writer Sam Vincent explained there is a chance for further series but it is by no means definitely going to happen. “Well, I think it's an open-ended question", he said to RadioTimes.com. "Like everything, you have to see how it goes down and that's fair enough, that's the way it should be. Vincent continued: “I think the ending of season one, we are really excited and satisfied with the two episodes that close the season. "But at the very end, it ends in quite a surprising place, I think and hope. "In a place that the audience will not expect it to end. But as to more? We'll just have to wait and see.” Better consists of five episodes, which have been available to binge as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer. Don't miss... Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [REACTION] Piers Morgan hits back as he's mocked for comparing GMB row to Lineker [EXPLAINER] Call The Midwife’s Trixie Franklin shares ‘fear’ of being written out [CAST] The description reads: "As Vernon is taken into custody, Lou attempts to live a normal life within the law and deal with suspicion from Sandy but finds herself pushed to breaking point." But how will the drama come to a close and what will it mean for Lou and Col? As well as the gripping plot, fans have enjoyed the captivating performances from the star-studded cast. Viewers may recognise actresss Leila Farzad from starring in I Hate Suzie with Billie Piper on Sky Max. Andrew Buchan has featured in popular series such as Broadchurch, The Crown, This England, The Fixer and Garrow's Law. In addition, there is Vernon actor Anton Lesser who is behind Reginald Bright in Endevour which aired its finale at the weekend. Better is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.