ITV viewers were far from happy with the final line-up for Dancing On Ice. Joey Essex won a place in the final after his skate-off against Mollie Gallagher and Siva Kaneswaran, but Dancing On Ice viewers claimed the result was a "fix" and he should not have made it through. The Vivienne and Nile were first to win a place in the final thanks for the public vote. Mollie, Siva and Joey then took to the rink one more time to try and win the judges' vote. Ashley Banjo began, explaining: "Congrats to all of you for making it to the semi-final of Dancing On Ice but I have to save one couple and I'm going to save Joey and Vanessa." Oti Mabuse followed and explained she was choosing the "most stable" couple which was Joey and Vanessa. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection Jayne Torvill also wanted Joey in the final and Christopher Dean agreed with his fellow judges. This meant Mollie and Siva were sent home, without the chance to skate in the final. Mollie said of her time on the show: "Honestly, it's truly been the best experience. "It's everything I thought I couldn't do... Sylvain has been the most patient and talented person." Siva added: "It's been great. I've done everything I've aimed to do. I've celebrated my family, Tom." Viewers were not impressed with the result and claimed Mollie should have made it through. Scott Elliott claimed: "Total fix on #dancingonice to save Joey! He was stumbling and clunky in that dance off compared to the other two #DOI." "Such a fix this programme. God forbid somebody interesting, genuine and unique wins for a change. #bollocks #DancingOnIce," @EQAVOXMUSIC tweeted. DON'T MISS...Dancing On Ice's The Vivienne sparks concern after nasty fall [VIDEO]Holly Willoughby makes jaws drop on DOI in plunging black gown [PICTURES]Dancing On Ice's Siva Kaneswaran dealt crushing blow [LATEST] Kelly continued: "Every year people say this show is a fix and only n m these recent years i’m starting to believe it! so predictable #DancingOnIce." Rachel Sharp raged: "So the Judges got their 3 choices for the Final. All male celebs too. Would be so much better with public favourites Mollie & Siva there #DancingOnIce." Grianne Doherty added: "NOOO @molgallagher11_ but still the last female contestant standing & to have actually gotten all the way to the Semi-Final, what a totally incredible achievement, 100%. "Her confidence has come a helluva lot way since day 1. Sylvain was the perfect partner for her #DancingOnIce." Nanny Ing added: "It was obvious who they wanted in the final #DancingOnIce." The rest of the evening wasn't without drama as The Vivienne suffered a nasty fall during the solo skate. However, she assured everyone: "My knees are hurting a little bit but I'm fine. We're dancing on ice. Things happen." Dancing On Ice airs Sunday on ITV at 6.30pm.