Dr Adam Collins, an associate professor of nutrition at the University of Surrey, has concerns. While recognising the "drug is effective when you are taking it" for weight loss, Dr Collins is fearful of what can happen when patients stop taking the medication. Current guidelines advocate for semaglutide to only be used for "over two years". "So, what happens when you come off of the drug? The answer is, your hunger will return in spades," said Dr Collins. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) explained: "Semaglutide binds to, and activates, the GLP-1 (glucagon-like peptide-1) receptor to increase insulin secretion, suppress glucagon secretion, and slow gastric emptying." Dr Collins explained hunger will intensify "not just due to the lack of the GLP-1 substitute, but because we know that weight loss will reduce GLP-1 levels further". He elaborated: "This is part of your body’s response to try and restore what was lost. READ MORE: Three signs on your skin that could signal severe fatty liver disease "So, your levels of GLP-1 could literally be dropping off a cliff at the end of treatment." Dr Collins noted: "With the shackles off your appetite, plus other changes, such as a reduced metabolic rate, and overall lower energy requirement, you are super primed to regain that lost weight. "We also know in this scenario people are highly susceptible to overshooting their original weight. "This is your body's response to the subjected energy crisis, improving its ability to store energy away for a rainy day, to better cope next time." Don't miss... Foods to avoid if you want to lower your type 2 diabetes risk - study [DIET] Eating nuts 'regularly' can lower risk of type 2 diabetes [DIABETES] The milk to have for breakfast to reduce blood sugar levels [STUDY] Dr Collins said: "Semaglutide is just another, albeit very effective, means of getting people to lose weight. "But the trick is not losing weight, that is easy. It is maintaining that weight that is the true challenge." Dr Collins said the therapeutic "longevity" is the "most concerning aspect" of semaglutide prescription. "It remains to be seen how the emergence of this new class of drugs can be used to meet this challenge," he added. READ MORE: Three signs on your skin that could signal severe fatty liver disease NICE pointed out the side effects of semaglutide that may be unpleasant. Examples include constipation, diarrhoea, dizziness, fatigue, and gastrointestinal discomfort. The medication might also lead to nausea, vomiting, and gastrointestinal disorders. While semaglutide has been proven to be an effective weight loss drug, it must be prescribed by a doctor. One of the best ways to lose weight to improve your health is to burn off more calories than you consume. This may mean reducing the amount you eat on a daily basis while increasing how much exercise you do. To lose weight in a healthy way, the NHS recommends shedding up to two pounds per week. Any more than this in a short period of time is likely to be unhealthy and unsustainable.