Ajax could be braced for another summer transfer raid, with three key stars reportedly eyeing departures at the end of the season. Liverpool and Manchester United could be two clubs that profit from the latest Amsterdam exodus as Jurgen Klopp and Erik ten Hag plan to bolster their defence and midfield ranks. Ajax are a conveyor belt for some of Europe's top players, consistently making a sizable profit on their headline stars. Matthijs de Ligt, Frenkie de Jong, Donny van de Beek, Lisandro Martinez and Antony are just a handful of examples. And the Dutch Eredivisie champions are reportedly prepared to face their latest wave of enquiries in the summer transfer window. According to Dutch outlet VI, Ajax expect Jurrien Timber, Edson Alvarez and Mohammed Kudus to seek big-money transfers later this year. And all three are said to be the subjects of Premier League interest as they aim for the next steps in their careers. Read more... Fabio Capello's trusty ex-England assistant Italo Galbiati dies at 85 [NEWS] According to talkSPORT, Ten Hag has added Kudus to his summer transfer wishlist amid an impressive domestic campaign and after his eye-catching exploits at the Qatar World Cup. The United boss brought Kudus to Ajax and is thought to value him for his ability to feature as the No 10 as well as the striker. Ten Hag was also heavily linked with interest in Timber last summer as he pursued defensive reinforcements in his first transfer window at Old Trafford. The 21-year-old opted to remain at Ajax under the guidance of Netherlands boss Louis van Gaal, who suggested a move away would harm his World Cup hopes. United kept locked on Ajax and secured Martinez's services in a £57million deal instead before also completing an £85m swoop for Antony. Don't miss... Casemiro facing Man Utd suspension threat again in blow for Ten Hag [NEWS] Marcus Rashford blasts Man Utd 'nonsense' after Liverpool loss [PRESSER] Man Utd set for Henderson 'meeting' as Ten Hag makes his mind up [TRANSFERS] But with Ten Hag reportedly planning to sign a new right-back, Timber could very well re-enter his cross-hairs this summer. Chelsea failed with a late £43m move for Alvarez last summer, but whether Graham Potter would sanction a second go remains to be seen. The Mexican defensive midfielder has been linked with a move to Liverpool in recent weeks ahead of at least two potential midfield incomings. Sky Germany claim that along with Jude Bellingham, Klopp is monitoring Alvarez, Ismael Bennacer, Ruben Neves, Youri Tielemans and Nicolo Barella. If Ten Hag and Klopp get their own way, the Premier League could soon welcome its latest batch of Eredivisie imports. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here