Arsenal may have to forget about signing Moises Caicedo in the near future after the midfielder committed his long-term future to the south coast club, despite strong criticism from the player's agent just last month. Caicedo was a top target for Arsenal in the January transfer window with Brighton knocking back two bids from the Gunners.  The second bid, reportedly worth in the region of £70million, then saw Caicedo take the unprecedented move of taking to social media to put in a request to leave. His post read: “I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful." But Brighton refused to buckle to Caicedo's demands, instead suspending the player until after the January transfer window. Arsenal ended up switching their attention to Jorginho with the Italian arriving at the Emirates on deadline day. The Gunners were reportedly monitoring Caicedo's situation ahead of the summer transfer window. But they may have to look elsewhere now as Brighton confirmed on Friday that Caicedo had penned a new long-term deal until 2027.  Roberto De Zerbi said, "This is fantastic news for the club, our fans, for me and most importantly for Moises. It will make us stronger as we move forward towards our targets on the pitch." The new contract comes just weeks after Caicedo's agent, Majo Flores, took aim at Brighton for blocking his client's wishes. "The offers were received, you see what was on the table and Moises said he wanted to move forward [in his career], that it is the dream of his whole life, and an opportunity that may not be repeated in life," Flores said. "We then helped draft the statement [on social media]."  Arsenal's need for a midfield signing in January was made even more pressing when Mohamed Elneny underwent surgery at the end of the month. It left Mikel Arteta short of options in midfield, but appeared happy with the acquisition of Jorginho on deadline day. "We knew that in this market you have to adapt and be flexible and ready for inconvenience," he said last month. "We had a big one with Mo and we needed a player in that position. "(Jorginho's) a great character who'll bring leadership and quality in that position." 