Emma Raducanu appears to have finally cracked the code when it comes to her coaching team, as she is getting on “very well” with Sebastian Sachs. The German is Raducanu’s fifth coach in 18 months but could be the one she has been looking for as Laura Robson gave an insight into their relationship and discussed Raducanu’s physio Will Herbert. Raducanu has a new coach guiding her this season after Dmitry Tursunov ended their trial period last October, leaving the 20-year-old without a mentor. She then hired Sebastian Sachs in December but the payoff of their work together is yet to be properly seen following a series of setbacks for the Brit in 2023. The world No 77 is currently playing just her third event of the year following injury and illness woes but one of her compatriots has now talked up Raducanu’s partnership with the German, who previously coached Belinda Bencic and Victoria Azarenka. “A lot of coach changes, there’s been a lot of discussion about that but she’s now working with Sebastian Sachs who I understand it’s going very well [with],” Annabel Croft said on Amazon Prime, discussing the Brit’s coaching woes. And retired former No 27 Laura Robson confirmed that the partnership was proving to be successful after Raducanu had taken a while to find the right person for the job. “Very well, they really get on, they have a great connection,” she responded.  Just in Nadal drops comeback hint as video footage emerges of tennis regime [LATEST] “I think they see the vision for her game plan in the same way which always helps. And he’s pretty under-the-radar, doesn’t really sort of get ing your face or anything like that. But yeah, from the sounds of it, it’s going really well.” The 29-year-old also touched on Raducanu’s physio, who the world No 77 has previously called her “mechanic”. Robson added: “Plus she’s got that great relationship with her physio Will Herbert who has been put to work this year.” Herbert is one of the few remaining members of Raducanu’s 2021 US Open team, as the British No 1 famously axed her then-coach Andrew Richardson just two weeks after lifting the title in New York. She has since received guidance from LTA coaches like Jeremy Bates and worked with experienced WTA Tour mentors like Torben Beltz and Tursunov before settling on Sachs. Don't miss... Wimbledon Russia ban is 'right' as Ukrainian star defends three rivals [QUOTES] French Open winner 'punished by her country' for playing with Russians [NEWS] Alcaraz rival makes bold claim as Djokovic and Nadal could face threat [OPINION] And it was Croft who noted that Herbert had been with Raducanu from the start, saying: “Yeah, certainly has. And of course he was part of that winning US Open team. And he’s actually one of the last remaining members of that team.” Robson offered her explanation for Raducanu’s coaching choices since her unprecedented victory at the US Open as she replied: “I think they’ve just been looking for a nice balance.” 