The Channel 5 News host got his Instagram followers talking about his lack of visible injuries after his face was covered in bruises following a road accident last week. Dan Walker, 45, looked great as he arrived on the red carpet before hosting the Royal Television Society Awards last night. The swelling on the former BBC Breakfast presenter’s face had seemingly gone down considerably after he was hit by a car while riding his bike in Sheffield last week. In response to his transformation after the incident, Instagram user jpshaddock joked: “They can rebuild him, they have the technology.” angelacbaker23 marvelled: “What a difference a week makes.” the_rebecca_pegg added: “Looking nearly mended Dan. Hope the trauma doesn’t leave a mental scar. Awful experience for you.” READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson skewers claims he’s been ‘sacked from Millionaire’ burtenshawcarol agreed: “You look amazing after such an accident only last week. Take care Dan x.”  alison.magee.56 praised: “Amazing recovery even with makeup !”  Upon receiving so many stunned messages from fans, Dan explained why his injuries weren’t very obvious on the red carpet as he posed for cameras.  He wrote in view of his 283,000 followers: “It was a real pleasure to host the @royaltelevisionsociety journalism awards last night in London. “Some wonderful winners in an incredible year for big stories.” Dan went on to credit his makeup artist and prescribed medications for his appearance. He continued: “Drugs (prescription) and make-up worked wonders. “Thanks for having me. Back on @c5news later." DON'T MISS:Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable Zoe Ball's ex-husband Norman Cook says they ‘gave up' hiding kidsDancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update Commenting on the bright blue background of the red carpet snaps, Dan quipped that the event looked more like an awards show for magicians. “PS anyone else think the curtain makes it look a little bit like ‘Magician Of The Year’ awards?” Dan even went as far as coordinating his outfit with the curtain, looking dapper in a blue tuxedo. Prior to the event, Dan took to Instagram once again to praise his makeup artist for making him look presentable. The star shared a mirror selfie in an elevator while showing off his "new man bag" and "tux at the ready". He penned: "Thanks @alliedrewmua for covering up the bruises for the @royaltelevisionsociety awards." It comes after Dan told fans his face is "coming on nicely" after the bike accident left him covered in blood. The journalist shared the update after taking his pet pooch Winnie for a walk and a haircut, sharing a selfie that showed the bruising on his face had gone down.