A baby who died in a tragic lorry accident on Wednesday has been named. Frank Michael McIlduff, 1, was in a pram pushed by his grandmother when a lorry hit them in Lurgan, Northern Ireland on Wednesday. The one-year-old was referred to as a "precious son" and "much-loved grandson" in a death notice published in the Funeral Times on Thursday. Passers-by and locals reportedly rushed to the baby and his grandmother's aid when the incident happened. His grandmother, who became stuck under the lorry, is fighting for her life in the hospital. Rev Joanne Megarrell was holding a service near the crash site when the accident occurred. She described to Belfast Live what the congregation witnessed in the aftermath: "Once a couple of people came back up to the church, we had service there at one o'clock, they were making their way down Main Street. "They could see that there was a lorry at the bottom of the Main Street, and that there had been some serious accident that occurred by the commotion that was going on."  Ms Megarrell added: "They immediately ran back up to the church, where I was just about to leave. "They were completely traumatised and in shock. They weren't aware of exactly what had happened at that stage, but they knew it was serious." The baby's tragic death sparked a flurry of condolences from the local community, which was in a state of "dreadful shock" on Wednesday - and is still "reeling with shock". One local man said the village will likely be "mourning" the baby in the coming days after the tragic accident gripped the whole community. READ MORE: Pensioner 'crying in pain' as she waits in ambulance due to A&E queue DUP Councillor Caleb McCready joined them in thoughts and prayers, saying this sort of tragedy "is something that we could never fathom within our wee village." He added: "Our prayers and thoughts are with the family at this time and our prayers are that the grandmother will come through. "The village is absolutely devastated at what’s happened." He praised the emergency services for their "absolutely fantastic" and swift intervention on Wednesday.  Don't miss... Toddler killed and grandmother injured after being struck by lorry [LATEST] Man found dead and woman seriously ill in hospital [REPORT] Dad killed and son seriously injured in freak farm tragedy [LATEST] The Councillor continued: "The local residents that were there at the time also helped the emergency services and those around the incident at the time. "For all those who witnessed it too, it will be absolutely shocking for them." The community is rallying around the family, with the Moira Community Association organising a fundraiser. The message on the fundraiser’s page reads: "Moira Community is raising funds to support the family of the recent tragedy in our community. Your donation will help cover funeral expenses & provide financial/emotional support. Thank you for your generosity." READ NEXT:A&E evacuated as fire rips through hospital floorStrictly Come Dancing to 'make history' with Loose Women starDan Walker accident is 'reminder of how dangerous cycling can be'Mum who would 'do anything for anyone' dies in 'freak accident'Driver's face crushed by horse in freak crash on major motorway