Lewis Hamilton has admitted urinating in an F1 car in a hilarious lie detector test ahead of the Bahrain Grand Prix. The Mercedes star underwent the examination in a special feature for Sky Sports F1 which will air over this weekend’s coverage of the season-opening race. Hamilton is strapped to the device and faces interrogation from Sky Sports host Simon Lazenby. Under scrutiny from the tool, Hamilton denied that he had ever urinated when behind the wheel. The Briton simply laughed at the question before adding it was something he had never done. However, the expert quickly revealed this was a lie, prompting Lazenby to demand an explanation. Hamilton then coyly replied: “I have once.” Lazenby smiled at the man operating the lie detector test, laughing: “That’s an exclusive.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen shuts down rumours about his Lewis Hamilton rivalry The seven-time champion is then asked a series of further questions in the special teaser released last night. Lazenby asks whether Hamilton has ever lied to his Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff. But he quickly says “no”, with the detector seeming to agree with the response. Lazenby adds: “Fair enough you’ve never lied to the boss. You're a right kiss a** that’s good to know.” Hamilton is also asked for details on his F1 future with Lazenby questioning if he would remain in F1 until he secures his eighth title. The Mercedes star pauses as he considers his reply before stating “yes”. The lie detector fails to find a fault with his response with Lazenby clearly happy with the remark. DON'T MISSNico Rosberg weighs in on Lewis Hamilton retirement rumours  [INSIGHT]Reason behind Hamilton avoiding FIA penalty for wearing nose stud [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes pain may not improve for months in setback [COMMENT] He comments: “That’s what the fans want. That is good. You had to dig right in there but you got it okay.” Fans on social media were excited by the advert with some suggesting the lie detector test could be expanded into a regular feature. Supporters have called for other leading figures to be given the treatment, such as Max Verstappen and Christian Horner. One fan even demanded to see former FIA race director Michael Masi, who many pointed the finger at for costing Hamilton an eighth crown in 2021. @m_ailui said: “Omg, this is crazy and I love it.” @karanoconnor added: “Masi, Benny Boy & Horner next!” @TeamLHWurie commented: “Are you gonna be using a lie detector on Max Verstappen?” @Ganeshsportsfan posted: “Should have done this to Verstappen and asked if his titles were legal or not.”