The BBC football recap show was aired at its usual time but without a presenter, pundits, commentators or interviews with players and managers. The quiet episode came after Gary Lineker was suspended for his political views on the government's immigration bill, but the decision to go ahead with the show left some viewers infuriated and switching off. Standing in support for Gary, Iain Wright and Alan Shearer both withdrew from their planned appearances on Saturday's show. The six commentators scheduled to cover the day's games also stepped down in support. The run-time was slashed from 90 minutes to just 20 minutes. Furious at the decision to go ahead with the programming, viewers took to their Twitter accounts to express their views. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers @MongrelAdam fumed: "This is pointless already #MOTD." @wooshy90 commented: "#motd seems so empty without commentary and punditry! Skip!" Colin Marsh added: "Match of the day isn’t MOTD without commentary, weird." @slimesam44 showed his support for Gary and expressed: "Just tuned in. Joke. You really have shot yourself in the foot. Gary Lineker well done." A fifth quipped: "I didn't realise Gary Lineker did the editing of the games and the theme tune as well.. no wonder they pay so well..." @Jo_Currie22 stated: "No opening theme tune. No commentary. This is rubbish. Switched off." @sportsroom101 concluded: "Lol Match of the day. Not a word, only background fans. This is painful." (sic) BBC's Director General Tim Davie has recently apologised for the disruption that was caused over the past two days. Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] He told the BBC: "I’m sorry audiences have been affected and they haven’t got the programming. "As a keen sports fan I know missing programming is a real blow and I’m sorry about that. We are working very hard to resolve this situation and make sure we get output on air. "Everyone wants to calmly resolve situation. Gary Lineker’s the best in the business - that’s not for debate." Lizo Mzimba took to his Twitter to reveal the viewing figures of the episode and said: "Last night's Match of the Day was watched by 2.58m TV viewers on BBC One. "Up nearly half a million on last Saturday's figure of 2.09 million according to BARB overnights. It's the show's biggest audience since 5th November 2022 when 2.63m watched #MOTD." (sic) Yesterday the BBC was forced to apologise to their viewers for the "limited sports programming". A BBC spokesperson said: "The BBC will only be able to bring limited sports programming this weekend and our schedules will be updated to reflect that. "We are sorry for these changes which we recognise will be disappointing for BBC sports fans. We are working hard to resolve the situation and hope to do so soon.” Match of the Day airs Saturday from 10:20pm on BBC One.