Okay, I admit Romanian/American Terhes might not be absolutely the most respected MEP and is prone to occasionally going a bit nuts-whole-hazelnuts on certain issues (he waged a one-man war against the Covid vaccines for example). But his comments speak volumes about trouble at t'Brussels mill.  Terhes gave VDL both barrels today after revelations an EU watchdog had pressed her on why one of her senior bods had accepted multiple free flights to Qatar while closely involved in negotiating the EU-Qatar air transport agreement. She hinted It might just, maybe, possibly, look like there was a whiff of graft about it. Of course, European Ombudsman Emily O’Reilly phrased it more delicately. But she did formally ask VDL why Henrik Hololei, the director general of the Commission's transport unit known as DG MOVE, flew business class for free on Qatar Airways several times between 2015 and 2021. She added: "In the context of the ongoing corruption scandal involving current and former MEPs and non-EU countries, the role of third parties and how they seek to influence EU public officials, as you are aware, has come under renewed scrutiny. "I have already noted, in correspondence with the European Parliament (EP), that a scandal such as this is a gift to those who would wish to damage or disparage the entire EU." Well, at least Emily gets it. The EU is currently sitting on a powderkeg - a corruption scandal which will make our homegrown Partygate look like, well, a party. Amid the raft of charges is money laundering, suitcases stuffed with cash and membership of a criminal organisation. Two MEPs, let us remind ourselves, are in jail, where they have been, on remand, since co-ordinated police raids in early December. Three others have been arrested (one is currently wearing an electronic tag) and many more arrests are being predicted.  MEP Daniel Freund, of the Greens and European Free Alliance, said because of a lack of proper accountability (MEPs have default immunity from prosecution) some of his colleagues felt untouchable. He added: "There is an issue with the behaviour of certain members. If you look at the last 10 years there have been various members breaking the rules and there was a bit of a culture of nothing ever happening and no one ever getting punished." MEPs Eva Kaili and Marc Tarabella, who are both accused of being involved in the cash-for-favours scheme engulfing the European Parliament had their remand periods extended by a court last Friday. Both have been charged with participation in a criminal organisation, corruption and money laundering as part of an investigation into the illicit lobbying allegedly carried out by Qatar and Morocco in a bid to influence EU decision-making. Both countries deny the claims. 