Tickets for Prince Harry’s next big appearance have already sold out despite fury being raised over his choice to share the stage with an "inappropriate" choice of guest, according to the event organisers. Prince Harry's new in-depth virtual event, another to coincide with Spare's release, will be held on March 4 at 5pm UK time and is set to be a live event only and will not be recorded. The event, which is hosted by Penguin Random House, was announced last week with tickets costing people in the UK a total of £19.12, including fees. The price of the ticket also included a hardback copy of Spare. The 38-year-old will sit down with Dr Gabor Maté, in an undisclosed location, to discuss the importance of healing and living life after having experienced a loss. Harry's guest has caused some public fury, due to some "inappropriate" comments made by Mr Maté, including one in which he labelled Hamas rockets as "heroes".  Speaking to the Jewish Chronicle, Rabbi Abraham Cooper, of the Simon Wiesenthal Centre in New York, said: "Whoever made the arrangements to have this individual appear with Prince Harry, did him no favours. "If Prince Harry knew this man's record and still chose him for the interview, our Centre would criticise the prince for such an inappropriate choice." Upon purchasing tickets, fans were able to submit questions for Prince Harry to potentially answer during the Q&A segment of the event. The terms and conditions for the event stated that the "chat will be disabled". They also stated that any questions submitted "will be read by the moderator" prior to the event. Filming the event is "strictly prohibited", as stated in the terms and conditions, with anyone who breaks the rule "prevented from registering for Penguin Random House events in the future". READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle drop major hint about long-awaited milestone for Lilibet Fans of Prince Harry took to Twitter to express their excitement over Saturday's event. Replying to a tweet published by Random House Group, one user wrote: "Very excited for this!!!". Another wrote: "Got my ticket. Looking forward to it!". Praising Spare, a third user wrote: "Looking forward to this. Spare was a tranformational book for me. I lost my father at the same age as Harry [and] so many things about his grief, shock and trauma made so much sense. Sure this will be insightful". DON'T MISS In Spare, Harry gave an insight into his feelings of grief surrounding the tragic death of his late mother, Princess Diana. In Saturday's event, Harry is expected to open up about the loss felt after Meghan suffered a devastating miscarriage in 2020, one year after the birth of their son.