The Russian army lost approximately five men for each Ukrainian soldier in their battle for Bakhmut, according to a NATO official. Led by fighters from the Wagner mercenary group, Russian forces have been waging brutal fighting for Bakhmut since August, taking severe casualties in pursuit of what would be Russia’s first battlefield win in months if they are victorious.  The official claimed that the NATO intelligence reflected that Russia’s losses in the assault on the eastern salt-mining town far outweighed Ukraine’s, reported CNN. However, despite the favorable ratio for Ukraine’s forces, the NATO official noted that Ukraine was suffering significant losses in its defense of the city. The fight in Bakhmut has so far turned out to be one of the longest and costliest battles of the war. Russian troops have been assaulting Bakhmut since August and it’s the use of costly wave attacks have prompted comparisons to the First World War.   Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky has, meanwhile, warned the Russian forces that they will have to “open road” to take over the top cities in Ukraine if they seize control of Bakhmut. In an open warning to Russia, Mr Zelenksy defended his decision to keep Ukrainian forces in the besieged city. Speaking to CNN, Mr Zelensky said: “This is tactical for us. “We understand that after Bakhmut they could go further. READ MORE: SAS scour world for hunt for prized Ukraine Howitzer shells “They could go to Kramatorsk, they could go to Sloviansk, it would be open road for the Russians after Bakhmut to other towns in Ukraine, in the Donetsk direction. “That’s why our guys are standing there.” Yevgeny Prigozhin, the head of the mercency Wagner Group, which is doing much of the fighting on the Russian side, last week claimed the town was nearly surrounded and called on Zelensky to surrender it. He has described the battle as a “meat grinder” for Russian troops.  Don't miss... 'Big cat' evidence 'overwhelming' in UK as couple capture 'panther'  [INSIGHT] Hancock rejected advice to cut Covid isolation period  [REVEAL] Medway Council leader slammed for his comment on asylum seeking kids [LATEST] On Tuesday, it was reported that the Ukrainian military has killed 1,600 Russians over the previous 24 hours. However, the figure could not be independently confirmed as Ukraine does not release figures for its own casualties. Meanwhile, Canadian PM Justin Trudeau has announced more support for Ukraine and a new hydrogen deal with Europe alongside European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen during the first day of her visit to Canada on Tuesday. The new support to Ukraine will include the extension of military training for Ukrainian forces under Operation Unifier, Trudeau said in a joint press conference von der Leyen at a Canadian Armed Forces base in Kingston, Ontario. 