The financial institution NS&I announced the winners of the Premium Bonds lottery for March 2023 yesterday. With some details about the winners now public, bond holders are able to see if they are among the lucky people to take home cash thanks to NS&I’s prize checker.   Anyone who wins money on Premium Bonds is usually notified by the Government-backed bank via text, email or post. However, there is a chance communication from NS&I can be lost or missed by the bond holder. As such, the financial institution has a Premium Bonds prize checker service available on its website. To access this, customers need to enter their bond number which is either nine or 10 digits, or a letter followed by eight digits. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance NS&I’s prize checker app is also an option and is available to download on Google Play and the App Store. Alternatively, potential winners can check if they have won on the NS&I website by logging into their account which has recently introduced two-factor authentication. To log on, Premium Bonds holders must have their number, surname and account password on hand. After entering their information, customers will now receive a one-time passcode to their mobile phones as part of an extra security check. Compared to the majority of savings accounts, Premium Bonds do not pay interest to customers in the traditional way. Every bond holder is automatically enrolled into a monthly prize draw where they have the opportunity to win a £1million jackpot prize. There are other cash prizes up for grabs, including £100,000, £50,000 or £25,000, with the smallest prize being £25. Every month, two winners take home the £1million prize with the next announcement expected on April 3, 2023. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Overall, a record £330million is to be paid out in prizes in March 2023’s prize draw thanks to the increase in the prize fund rate to 3.30 percent by NS&I. This is the highest rate in over 14 years, and the fifth increase in the prize fund rate that the financial institution has made. The first Bond number drawn for this month was held by a winner in Nottinghamshire who held £50,000 in Premium Bonds and purchased their winning bond in October 2020. Furthermore, the second winning Bond number is based in Oxfordshire and held £30,284 in Premium Bonds, buying their winning bond in January 2018. Jill Waters, NS&I Retail Director, encouraged customers to make sure their contact details were up-to-date so they can be informed of their winnings. She said: “Our warmest congratulations go to our two jackpot winners from Nottinghamshire and Oxfordshire, and to all our winners over the years. “Since the first ever Premium Bonds draw in 1957, we’ve now paid out a staggering £25.1billion in prizes – that’s an impressive milestone, and shows why Premium Bonds continue to be so popular with so many people. “Could you be a jackpot winner next month? Make sure all your contact details are up to date, including your address – you never know, one of our Agents Million might be knocking on your door soon to deliver the life-changing news.”