Kelvin Fletcher, 38, took a break from acting to pursue a career in the countryside as a farmer, alongside his wife and four children, in the Peak District. Speaking in a recent interview, the duo shared a candid insight into their busy farming life, which the loved-up couple admitted is making them feel like "passing ships" due to their chaotic country lifestyle. The former Emmerdale star lives on a 120-acre farm on the edge of the Peak District with their children: Marnie, five, Milo, three, and newborn twin boys Maximus and Mateusz. In an exclusive interview with HELLO! magazine, Liz was asked if she's had the chance to spend any more time with her husband since he finished Strictly Come Dancing. She replied: "Us having more time together? Definitely not! "We are passing ships on the farm and Kelvin is shouting demands at me of what I'm supposed to be doing with the animals. read more: Martin Roberts tells BBC co-star 'I'm struggling' after tearful video "Hopefully today, Valentine's Day, we'll get the kids to bed and he'll do a little bit of cooking." The former Emmerdale star won Strictly with Oti Mabuse in 2019 and is now sharing a glimpse into farming life on BBC's Kelvin's Big Farming Adventure. He has fully embraced the rural lifestyle, previously sharing to the Mirror that fans are most likely not going to see him on a red carpet again. He said: "It may seem like we have a showbizzy life, but every top I’ve got has a baby sick on the shoulder. "That’s just the way it is, as any parent will tell you. There have been so many highlights this year. "We’re still only in our second year on the farm with a lot to learn but it’s great." Kelvin had planned to move his family to America, but the pandemic put a stop to that. However, he insists he wouldn't have it any other way, saying: "We wouldn’t change it." The happy family have even written a new book, Fletcher On The Farm, which was out last month, as well as an audiobook version. Last year, Liz went into detail about the unexpected 5am hospital dash before the arrival of her twin boys. DON'T MISS... Iconic astrologer Mystic Meg has died following a short illness [DEATH] Kim Kardashian taken off Met Gala 2023 guest list in Vogue crack down [HOLLYWOOD] A-list Oscars crowd slammed for 'scripted' response to Will Smith slap [OPINION] The actress and voiceover artist said she had feared Kelvin might not make it to her bedside in time for the birth. Liz told HELLO!: "I woke up in the morning and my waters had broken. "I rang the hospital and they said to come in. Kelvin had to stay with the kids, so I drove myself to the hospital, which is an hour away, at 5am. "I was a bit panicky that Kelvin might miss the birth if it happened straight away. They did a scan and told me, 'It's going to be today'." Kelvin and Liz have previously spoken out about the reason they chose to have children later in their relationship. They said to the magazine Brood: "We had been together for nearly ten years, and my dad said Kelvin was 'freewheeling'. "I had secretly called him up and said 'Dad, what do you think about Kelvin?' and as he's quite traditional he replied with – 'I think he's freewheeling!'. "So, I told Kelvin, my dad thinks you're freewheeling – we're not married, we're not engaged, we've been together all this time. "And I'd started thinking about it because we were coming up to our thirties, I wanted kids – although Kelvin didn't think I was very maternal!"