A 29-year-old man was stabbed to death after a “scuffle” in a nightclub. Police officers were called to the club in Walsall town centre just after 5am yesterday morning after reports that someone had been stabbed.    The man died around an hour later while on the way to hospital. His family has been told and are being supported by specialist officers, West Midlands Police said. The force added that no-one has been arrested at this stage. Officers understand from CCTV from Valesha’s nightclub on Newport Street, Walsall, that a “scuffle” took place prior to the stabbing.    Investigating officer Detective Inspector Ade George said: “[These] events are tragic and shocking, a man has sadly lost his life and we’ll be offering as much support as we can to his family during this deeply distressing time. “Our priority is catching those responsible. While we’ve spoken to a number of people who were inside the club at the time, we still need to hear from anyone who was there and who saw, or may have filmed, what happened.” The police say people who were in the club at the time of the incident might not have realised what has happened, and are urged to come forward. A dedicated webpage has been set up where people can send information, photos and videos that could help the investigation. READ MORE: Putin infiltrating NATO with 'leverage' over Turkey  West Midlands Police were granted extra powers to stop and search people in the town centre without the need for the usual grounds to do so. Officers were using these Section 60 powers between 8pm yesterday and 7am this morning. Chief Supt Phil Dolby, of Walsall Police, said: “Our aim is to keep everyone safe. We know this murder will be worrying for local people. "These powers aren’t about bothering anyone going about their daily business or preventing people from meeting with friends. It’s simply about taking action to reduce violence and make sure that everyone can feel safe where they live.”  Don't miss... US deals massive blow to China as Xi plots 'ramp up military' [ANALYSIS] POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [OPINION] Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [WATCH] And a police statement added: “We understand the concerns around recent knife crime in Walsall town centre, and neighbourhood officers will be patrolling the area over the coming days to offer reassurance. “We are working closely with schools, youth groups, other agencies, doctors and paramedics to encourage young people to talk about knife crime with parents, teachers and peers. “Our #LifeorKnife campaign, which is now in its fifth year, shows the consequences and impact of carrying a knife and that everyone needs to play their part in stopping knife crime – visit https://lifeorknife.west-midlands.police.uk." 