Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy may not get everything his own way if he goes after Mauricio Pochettino at the end of the season. Current boss Antonio Conte has been tipped to leave the Lilywhites with his contract winding down, and a reunion with Pochettino would be a popular choice among fans. Spurs tightened their grip on fourth place this Saturday with a comfortable 3-1 win at home to Nottingham Forest. Harry Kane scored twice in the first half before Son Heung-min added gloss to the scoreline after the break. The result was made even sweeter by fifth-place Liverpool dropping points in a shock defeat to Bournemouth. Enjoying a six-point buffer inside the top four hasn't dampened speculation around Conte's future, however, with the Italian set for crunch talks this summer. Fans have broadly failed to warm to Conte's pragmatic style of play and many hoped to be closer to the Premier League leaders after a summer of frivolous transfer spending. Don't miss... Arsenal and Man City target Kvaratskhelia scores Napoli stunner [SPOTTED] If Conte is to depart, Pochettino is considered one of the prime candidates to take his place in north London. The Argentine regularly led Spurs to top-three finishes during his five years at the club, which spanned from 2014 and 2019. Only a relatively short-term stint at Paris Saint-Germain has been added to the 51-year-old's CV since leaving Tottenham, and he is believed to have maintained a friendly relationship with Levy. However, The Independent claim that the move is not necessarily 'destined' to happen. Read more... Bradford keeper commits freak blunder due to rugby pitch marking [SPOTTED] Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [REPORT] BBC coverage of 4 events in jeopardy as co-workers stand with Lineker [LATEST] Despite Pochettino's stint at PSG not working out, he is still likely to have options in the manager market with Real Madrid among those touted to make an approach. He supposedly spent 'a lot of time' angling for the Los Blancos job, which may become available this summer if Carlo Ancelotti departs. Furthermore, it has been suggested that Pochettino may not want to reopen his Spurs chapter, which effectively put him on the map for top clubs around Europe. The ex-Argentina international was ultimately sacked by Levy and things could be 'tense' if he returns. Not least due to the presence of sporting director Fabio Paratici, who was not in the picture during Pochettino's first stint in charge. The Italian has spent successive transfer windows helping to construct a squad in Conte's image. Frustratingly for Levy, that has meant purchasing players to fit into a back-five system but Pochettino generally prefers to play a back four. Some reports suggest that Pochettino would be open to a Tottenham return, but if the complications prove too difficult to navigate, figures at the club are also thought to admire the likes of Thomas Tuchel, Steve Cooper, Roberto De Zerbi and Thomas Frank.