The popular ITV show saw the comic duo back on stage presenting a range of sketches, celebrity guests, and games. The latest episode left some fans feeling very emotional as Ant McPartlin demonstrated some sign language he had learnt to communicate with two deaf brothers in the Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway audience. Ant had learnt how to sign to the young brothers to let them know they'd won a huge prize. It came as the Geordie pair were handing out prizes to the live audience as well as people tuned in from home. One included flight tickets for a holiday to Florida in the United States. Up to 200 spots are on offer for viewers, who will fly to the sunny state for the season finale. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection So far, the lucky winners have been people who have been involved in charity work in their local communities. Brothers Tony and Toisin were among the winners. The siblings were born deaf but have focused their efforts on helping others with the same condition. Ant told the audience: "They’ve been fundraising since they were just four years old. "So far, they’ve raised an incredible £25,000 to help other deaf children around the world." The 47-year-old went on to reveal the two had secured places on the plane. Although an interpreter was present, Ant also signed the exciting message to the brothers. Fans watching from home were touched by the gesture, with many admitting they had been in tears. Responding to a video of the moment posted on social media, Twitter user @underapalmtree wrote: "@itvtakeaway This actually made me [crying emoji] Love you @antanddec." DON'T MISS... Megan McCubbin details 'sadness' over Autumnwatch axe [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders producer teases Mick Carter might be alive [SPOILER]Gogglebox stars fuming over Stacey Dooley series [REACTION] @gracealan penned: "@antanddec Hi Ant, well done on using sign language tonight on 'place on the plane.'" @anthswife shared: "Ant doing sign language bless his heart," along with two crying faces. "Trying not to cry over the fact Ant learnt the sign language for 'you’ve got a place on the plane' for those wonderful children #SaturdayNightTakeaway #SNT," @fxlloutstump posted. @shangusxo confessed: "Ant doing sign language has me in tears. Oh lord. #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Nic247 commented: "@antanddec well done Ant for learning some sign language for those lads! #BSL #inclusion." @oliviaabvj added: "#SaturdayNightTakeaway trying to make me cry with ant doing sign language with the place on the plane." In another segment of the show, fans were introduced to an elderly man named Ernest, who had been pranked by a hidden camera trick. Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway continues on Saturday at 7pm on ITV.