NBA superstar Steph Curry drilled a fan in the face with his pre-game trick shot before apologising and presenting him with a signed game-worn jersey. The two-time MVP went on to put in a classic performance, scoring 36 points as the reigning NBA champions needed overtime to defeat the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday. The Bucks chose to warm up in the half court in front of the Golden State Warriors bench, which means Curry altered his usual trick shot. Instead of hitting a deep shot to the nearest basket from the Sideline Club seats, the 34-year-old attempted an incredible effort from a tunnel that spanned the length of the Chase Center court. Unfortunately on this occasion, it struck an unsuspecting ball boy right in the face. Curry did not immediately go up to the man who got hit and it was originally unclear if he was aware of the incident. The man who got hit did not get knocked down, but was visibly in pain. Curry later learned of his wayward shot and urged security to find the victim, awarding him a game-worn jersey as well as an apology after the game. READ MORE: Joel Embiid claims he's "unguardable" as NBA star hits last-gasp shot It proved to be a fairly lucrative moment of pain for the ball boy, given Curry’s jerseys have been auctioned for more than $40,000 in the past, while he also got to meet the nine-time All-Star. The sentimental value of such a moment perhaps even outweighs the value of the autographed jersey. Remarkably, it’s not the first time Curry has struck someone with an inanimate object on a basketball court. While he rarely strikes fans in the face with optimistic deep shots, he once threw his mouth guard into the stands during the 2016 NBA Finals and struck a fan, forcing officials to eject him for the first time in his career. The Bucks won the NBA Championship in 2021 while the Warriors won the title last season, so Saturday’s matchup was played in front of an expectant crowd ready for some heroics - and with Giannis Antetokounmpo absent due to a hand injury, Curry delivered as the Warriors secured a 125-116 win over the Bucks. Curry put on a show down the final stretch as he hit a three to tie the game and then pulled off a stunning block on Jrue Holiday to force overtime. Don't miss... NBA star Kyrie Irving pays for orphanage in Ghana with huge donation [LATEST] Toronto Raptors star launches into foul-mouthed rant about NBA refs [LATEST] Shaquille O'Neal hits out at suspended Memphis Grizzlies ace Ja Morant [LATEST] In the additional period, Curry hit another deep strike to ice the game and send the fans home happy. Curry has a number of performances that will be referenced and looked back on when assessing the point guard’s position among the all-time greats, and the win over the Bucks was certainly one such outing as the four-time NBA champion scored 22 points in the fourth quarter to seal the win. The 35-33 Warriors face the Phoenix Suns in their next match on Monday night. The Suns possess a 37-30 record to sit fourth in the Western Conference standings, two places above Golden State.