English MMA star Darren Till has broken his silence after being released from the UFC roster by president Dana White. Till announced himself as one of the championship’s top fighters during his stellar career in the octagon. The 30-year-old made quite a name for himself during his UFC career, competing in both the welterweight and middleweight divisions. The pinnacle came in 2018, when Till fought Tyron Woodley at UFC 228 for the welterweight title. The Englishman stumbled at the final hurdle in his title pursuit though, losing to Woodley in the second round of the fight. Nearly five years on from his title challenge, Till’s time in the UFC octagon is no more, but the 30-year-old has not given up hope of a return. It has been no secret that Till’s form in recent years has been hampered by injury, and no doubt played a part in his release, which he voluntarily requested. He has since detailed the reasons behind the decision and revealed UFC chief business officer Hunter Campbell was in agreement. JUST IN: Darren Till sacked by UFC as Dana White brutally axes three star fighters He told MMA Junkie: “I’ve been suffering for the past two years, and it’s no secret I think now, at this point. I’ve been speaking to Hunter ever since my (Robert) Whittaker fight where I injured my knees. "He’s been going crazy at me for like two years. He’s like, ‘Till, I can’t take much more of this.’ He’s like, ‘I’ve got your back, I know you’re going to be a champ.’ Stuff like that he says to me. But he’s like, ‘You need to get your knees right.’ He said this before my last fight, and said it before the fight before that.” DON'T MISS: Conor McGregor makes brutal vow to 'nice guy' Michael Chandler in bullish prediction Targeting a return when his fitness improves, he added: “​​Maybe I want to leave the UFC for like two years, and just maybe venture out, and obviously look out for my health for two years, and come back and stuff like that. I had a good conversation with him… “I’m thinking I’ll be back, no matter what you say, I know I will. Like, we’ve got a good relationship. It’s not like you kicked me out of the UFC, I’m asking to be released, and you’re releasing me… [There is] No hard feelings with them, I’m sure they’ve got none with me." 