Amy Hart shared her top travel tips with Giovanna Fletcher on the Journey to Magic podcast. The ex-cabin crew member warned travellers to avoid one viral item. Amy told Giovanna: “The biggest bit of advice I can give to families travelling, is those bed things you see on TikTok, the jet pack kids thing, do not buy them if you’re going on any UK airlines because you’re not allowed them. “The person in front can’t put their seat back, it’s like a safety thing.” The JetKids bed has got a lot of attention on TikTok as it allows children or babies to lie down on a flight. The bed extends from the child’s seat so they are able to lie down during the flight and get some sleep. READ MORE: Cheapest destination for a summer holiday named However, Amy warned that the popular beds are banned on UK airlines and passengers won’t be able to use them. The item may be allowed on some airlines but passengers will need to check with their airline first. The popular beds may also be unpopular with other travellers as they will stop the person sitting in front from reclining their seat. Amy said she always brings a neck pillow when she flies and said it was “much more comfy” for flying. Don't miss... Travel expert warns tourists to avoid five foods [WARNING] Cruise guest warns tourists when to book to 'avoid crowds'  [CRUISE] Bali launches campaign to tackle what tourists wear [LATEST] The former flight attendant said: “Neck pillow, always a neck pillow. And sleep on the table if it’s a short-haul flight. “I fly to Spain quite a lot so the first thing I do is table down, head down, and I sleep the whole way. Because it is just so much more comfy to get your head down.” Amy also shared her advice for passengers travelling on a flight with a baby. The reality star has just given birth herself. She said: “Try just not to care. I know it’s really hard. I remember I was working in business class, and they had a baby crying and this hand came up from behind the divider. READ MORE: London airport first to scrap 100ml liquid rule - details  “A gold card holder and he said ‘can you shut that baby up’ and I was like ‘no’ and he said ‘what do you mean no?’ “I said ‘well we talk, dogs bark and babies cry, darling. It's just a fact of life’. That's how babies communicate and, on an aircraft, there’s not really much for them to do. “They’ve paid the same ticket money as you. So no, sorry, I would say just remember like you’ve got every right to be there the same as everyone else.” Some passengers will complain if they’re seated next to a baby but there’s not much cabin crew can do. Amy also told Giovanna she loved giving passengers “free things”. She said: “I was a cabin manager, so I was in charge of the aircraft. “I could make people's day. I was like Cilla Black on Surprise Surprise. If I had loads of spare seats in business class, I would find people who were celebrating an anniversary or birthday to upgrade them. “Or people who were drinking wine they really liked, I’d tell them to take the bottle with them. If it's not nailed down, give it away! “You can't have it, so you might as well just give it to someone and make their day.” Hear more of Amy’s flying and Disney tips on the Journey to Magic podcast which is also available on the Disney UK YouTube channel.