Poor dietary choices can lay the groundwork for various health problems. Liver disease is often associated solely with excess alcohol consumption but that’s not the only trigger. New research suggests that foods popular among Britons could also cause serious liver problems. From chunky chips covered in mayonnaise to greasy burgers topped with ketchup, Britons aren’t immune to the allure of fast food. In fact, half of the UK adults eat junk food at least once a week, according to a YouGov survey. Worryingly, research, published in the journal Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology, warns that fast food junkies could be more likely to develop potentially dangerous liver disease. The research team found that if one in five meals eaten is fast food then you are at a higher risk of developing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). READ MORE: Dr Mosley says 'anti-inflammatory' snack could reduce risk of dying from cancer by 40%  NAFLD is an umbrella term for a variety of conditions that share one problem - the build-up of fat in your liver. Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease develops in four main stages, with the last stop being known as cirrhosis. Cirrhosis develops after years of inflammation and causes your liver to shrink and become scarred and lumpy. What’s worse, this potentially “life-threatening” damage can be permanent and lead to liver failure and cancer, the NHS explains. Don't miss... Dr Mosley says 'anti-inflammatory' snack could reduce risk of cancer [INFORMER] Dementia: The 76p food that could make your brain 19 years younger [LATEST] Longevity-boosting tea shown to make arteries more 'stretchy' [RESEARCH] Dr Ani Kardashian, the lead author of the study, said: “If people eat one meal a day at a fast-food restaurant, they may think they aren’t doing [any] harm. “However, if that one meal equals at least one-fifth of their daily calories, they are putting their livers at risk.” The study findings showed that patients whose diets are one-fifth or more made up of junk food experienced a moderate increase of liver fat. Worryingly, patients with diabetes or obesity had severely elevated levels of fat in their liver when consuming this same amount. Dr Kardashian said: “Healthy livers contain a small amount of fat, usually less than five percent, and even a moderate increase in fat can lead to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. “The severe rise in liver fat in those with obesity or diabetes is especially striking, and probably due to the fact that these conditions cause a greater susceptibility for fat to build up in the liver.” The research team studied the most recent data from the 2017-2018 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Fast food examples included grub from either a drive-through restaurant or one without wait staff. The findings showed that around 52 percent of the participants ate fast food and 29 percent consumed one-fifth or more of their daily calories from this food source. These 29 percent experienced a rise in liver fat levels. Dr Kardashian added: “Our findings are particularly alarming as fast-food consumption has gone up in the last 50 years, regardless of socioeconomic status. “We’ve also seen a substantial surge in fast-food dining during the COVID-19 pandemic. We worry that the number of those with fatty livers has gone up even more since the time of the survey.” The research team now hopes that the study will encourage healthcare providers to offer patients more nutrition education, especially to those suffering from obesity or diabetes who are at a much higher risk of developing a fatty liver from food.