Emmerdale's Naomi Walters (played by Karene Peters) seems to have been blown away by Alex Moore's (Liam Boyle) charm. However, her father and vicar Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin) has seen straight through the criminal and has already aired his concerns to Ethan Anderson (Emile Johns) and Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker). In upcoming scenes, Charles could see his family destroyed when Manpreet is fatally attacked. Last week, Manpreet told her love to trust his gut, admitting she wished she had with her serial killer sister, Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). However, it seems Charles' fears will come true in scenes set to air next week. In official spoilers released by ITV, the vicar continues to eat humble pie over his treatment of Alex. Yet soon we see Alex’s ears prick up when he overhears Manpreet’s phone call about the surgery’s drug delivery. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap He soon makes a phone call himself, and the next day, Alex struggles to keep his cool with a mystery caller. Oblivious to it all, Naomi and Charles are optimistic when Alex says he has a job interview that day. But on the outskirts of the village, as Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) is chatting to Belle (Eden Taylor-Draper), she sees Alex handing cash to a mystery woman. Later, when Alex comes into the Woolpack admitting his interview went well, Belle’s left with an agonising decision whether to tell Naomi about what Alex was actually doing. However, Chas backs up Belle’s sighting of Alex to a disbelieving Naomi. Naomi ends up confronting her new boyfriend, and when she catches him lying in the beer garden about the non-existent job interview, he promises to explain everything. Thinking on the spot, he tells Noami he has innocent explanation for his meeting with the mystery woman. After introducing Clare and her son Max to Naomi, he explains he’s been helping her financially after meeting Max’s dad in prison. Don't miss... Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [LATEST] Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks [INSIGHT] Lorraine takes aim at BBC over Lineker backlash  [VIDEO] After making sure everything’s good between him and Naomi, Alex makes an excuse and leaves. While Naomi feels like their relationship is more solid than ever, Alex meets up with mystery Clare again and it’s revealed his relationship with Naomi is a sham and he’s planning a robbery of the surgery. The next day, Liam and Manpreet deal with issues due to the surgery’s closure due to the electrics being vandalised. Alex listens in with interest before stealing Manpreet’s surgery keys from her bag. Soon armed with a crowbar, Alex lets himself into the surgery to look for the drugs. When Manpreet arrives at the surgery, she is puzzled to find the front door open and heads for her office, unaware Alex is waiting for her with the crowbar raised. Meanwhile, Dawn is aghast this week after realising Naomi has fallen for Alex and tries to put her in the picture but will it work? Will Alex end up killing Manpreet in a bid to get the drugs, or will the GP be able to escape before it's too late? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.