A new mother has hit out at a hospital after claiming they left her without food for 16 hours while she was giving birth. She attended the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford on two separate occasions - once in July 2022 and again in August. The woman, who wants to remain anonymous, made a number of allegations against the hospital after feeling "distressed" by the experience she went through. She later transferred herself to the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading. The woman told OxfordMail: "I spoke to a paramedic a few weeks after and she said she would never have a child there. "And that’s coming from a paramedic which I think is quite telling. She had the same experience. I just don’t want anybody else to go through what I went through there." One allegation is that she was left without food for 16 hours.   She claimed she had ordered food when she arrived on the maternity ward that failed to arrive. The new mother then said she was not offered food again by the catering team. In a document seen by Oxford Mail, the John Radcliffe Hospital apologised for the incident. The chief nursing officer explained that the ward manager was sorry that the initial meal was missed and that the normal practice would have been to offer food again after this. He added that he would like to reassure everyone that they have a 24-hour menu available to all patients.  READ MORE: Harry and Meghan hint that daughter Lilibet has been christened The woman also raised concerns that the ward was understaffed, and they were not able to help her take a shower. She explained that she had to call her mother to come into the hospital and assist her bathe. The hospital defended themselves saying: "Typically women on the ward are able to shower themselves and there are chairs in the showers to facilitate those who cannot stand for long periods to shower themselves." Sam Foster, chief nursing officer at Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, said: "Patient care and safety are incredibly important to us, and we are very sorry to hear that this patient was not satisfied with our apologies and our response to her concerns. "While we are unable to comment on individual cases, we would be happy to speak with her further about the issues she has raised with us."  