The leader of the Chechen republic is rumoured to be suffering from “serious kidney problems” as a leading surgeon from the United Arab Emirates has been spotted in the capital city of Grozny. Opposition journalists have posted on Telegram that their sources have told them that Ramzan Kadyrov is unwell and experiencing “symptoms of poisoning”. The Chechen leader has been a leading pro-Russian commentator on the war in Ukraine having sent thousands of soldiers to fight on Putin’s behalf. Over the past year, Kadyrov has become noticeably larger, with some commentators saying he looks bloated. A possible kidney illness is now being considered as a possible reason for the transformation. Kazakh journalist Azamat Maytanov, citing his own sources, claimed Kadyrov may be terminally ill, with poisoning the possible cause. “There is information that the chief nephrologist of the UAE, Dr. Yasin Ibrahim El-Shahat, a well-known doctor with 30 years experience, has arrived in Grozny [the capital of Chechnya],” he wrote on his Telegram channel. “His area of expertise lies in nephrology, dialysis, transplantation, glomerulonephritis, and acute renal failure. “Kadyrov is allegedly very bad and has serious kidney problems.” Exiled Russian-Israeli businessman Leonid Nevzlin claimed to corroborate the first reports. He said: “My sources confirm this,' he said. 'Kadyrov is treated in the UAE, and when he is in Grozny for a short time, a nephrologist from Abu Dhabi specially comes to him. READ MORE: Putin faces major Chechen and Wagner revolt as beard row escalates [REVEAL] “Kadyrov clearly does not trust Russian doctors. There are reasons. “My sources say that [problems with] kidneys are a symptom of poisoning and that's what Kadyrov is afraid of.” The publication Bild in Germany also printed the claims. The Chechen leader's luxury private jet was known to have made several trips recently to the UAE, and he has been less visible than usual in recent weeks. DON'T MISS: Ramzan Kadyrov roasted for 'pathetic' push-ups: 'Explains a lot' [RPEORT] Brutal Chechen warlord releases 'positively absurd' propaganda video  [REVEAL] Putin quietly drops top general amid military disarray [REPORT] The kidney illness could account for Kadyrov's surprising absence from Putin's state of the nation speech last month, several opposition sources claimed. It was also said it has led to his recent “bloated” appearance, as seen at a recent meeting in his palace in the Chechen capital Grozny with Denis Pushilin, head of the invaded Donetsk People's Republic. Kadyrov, along with Belarusian leader Lukashenko, relies on Putin to varying degrees for stability in their countries. READ NEXT: Putin’s warlord ‘gifted’ Ukrainian ‘slaves’ by his own sonPutin faces Chechen civil war after rebels attack Kadyrov's militiaPutin’s nuclear threats must be taken seriously, says expertPutin tipped to fall in 'near future' as war shows he's not invinciblePutin facing army civil war after Chechens accused of raping soldiers