Italo Galbiati, who previously worked under Fabio Capello as his assistant manager for England, has died at the age of 85. Galbiati was Capello's right-hand man at nearly every job he took, including at Real Madrid, Roma, Juventus and Russia alongside his spell with the Three Lions. The Italian also stepped in to manage first-team affairs at AC Milan on a handful of occasions and was the subject of a heartfelt tribute from the Serie A giants as they released a statement to mark his death on Wednesday. It read: "Italo Galbiati, a point of reference in the Rossoneri world and a strong point of many companies in the history of Milan, has left us. We cling to the family with affection and concussion." Other tributes have been pouring in from across the world of football in the wake of Galbiati's death, with fellow Italian club Monza describing him as a a 'master of football' in an official statement of their own. JUST IN: Man Utd set for Henderson 'meeting' as Ten Hag makes his mind up "AC Monza mourns Italo Galbiati and joins the pain of the family," they said on Twitter. "Player, coach and talent scout, a master of football. "A legendary career, which Italo closed by putting his experience at the service of the Youth Sector of our Society."  Don't miss... Kyle Walker filmed 'kissing woman and flashing while in bar' [LATEST] Mauricio Pochettino 'ready to accept Tottenham job' if Conte quits [GOSSIP] Man Utd trio could move up pecking order after Liverpool mauling [COMMENT] Galbiata played for the likes of Inter Milan, Lecco, Reggina and Como before retiring in 1967 and returning to Inter as a youth coach in the early 1970s. He moved across to Milan in the following decade and struck up a strong bond with Capello, which led to the duo joining forces as a management team in 1991. They took charge of 249 games at Milan between 1991 and 1996, winning 142 of them as they secured four Serie A triumphs and a single Champions League title. The pair went on to seek a fresh challenge with Real Madrid after leaving the San Siro and worked together at Roma, Juventus, England and Russia before Capello retired from coaching in 2018. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.