Netflix’s Sex/Life stormed the internet with its infamous naked shower scene in its first season. Season two of the hit drama debuted this week following the release of its erotic trailer, which teased fans that the upcoming instalment was set to be bigger and better than ever - in more ways than one.   Fans got a first look into the second run of Netflix’s hit drama Sex/Life and it definitely didn't disappoint. But now that the new season has dropped, fans are eager to know if they can expect to see any more full-frontal moments. It may be hard to believe creators of the show could top season one’s memorable shower scene involving star Adam Demos as Brad Simon. And just when fans of the steamy drama thought it couldn't get any crazier, season two introduced fans to an in-built penis pump. This comes after writers of the show thought character Devon’s (Jonathan Sadowski) manhood could do with an upgrade. In true Sex/Life-fashion, a freak accident involving a car, two lovers and oral sex ended in Johnathan’s penis getting damaged. The scene saw Devon pick up a lady called Piper, who had been performing oral sex on him during the collision; the impact resulted in Piper biting it off. Thankfully, doctors were able to reconstruct Devon’s penis, and luckily for him, he got a free upgrade. Following his reconstruction (enlargement), Devon proudly showcased his new genitals in front of a mob of testosterone-pumped men, who were of course desperate to see what he's got going on down there. The scene doesn’t stop there as Devon then goes on to explain that he’s now “fully automated” due to him needing “a little help after the remodel.” He explains: “I have a stylish new curve, which is cool. Chicks dig it, right? Makes it easier to hit the G spot.” as he pumps his penis to show the men its full potential. Who’d have thought that Piper biting my penis off would give me a whole new lease on life," Johnathan added. Fans may remember the jaw-dropping moment from season one, that saw Brad turn around in the gym showers, showcasing his huge penis. Showrunner Stacy Rukeyser told Collider that Adam’s scene was “not just for titillation’s sake” but to demonstrate how “obsessed” Billie’s husband, Cooper, had become with her past life. Following the shocking reveal of Brad’s piece, a member of the prosthetics team from season one revealed to Newsweek that Adam’s famous gym scene featured an extension. The sheer size of Devon’s new penis had fans wondering if he too was wearing a prosthetic, but this has not been confirmed nor denied.  Sex/Life is Netflix’s take on BB Easton’s 2016 book 44 Chapters About 4 Men, which follows the life of Billie Connelly (Sarah Shahi) as she becomes increasingly restless in her marriage to Cooper (Mike Vogel).   