Georgia defensive tackle Jalen Carter has issued a statement after the Athens-Clarke County Police Department issued an arrest warrant for reckless driving and racing. Carter was at the scene of a fatal crash on January 15, which led to the death of a staff member and a teammate. Carter has spoken out with a statement on social media after it was confirmed that police are looking to speak to the potential top NFL Draft pick. Georgia football staffer Chandler LeCroy and Georgia offensive lineman Devin Willock both died in a crash on January 15, and police confirmed on Wednesday that they will speak to Carter about the incident. Carter wrote in his statement: "This morning I received a telephone call from the Athens Georgia Police Department informing me that two misdemeanour warrants have been issued against me for reckless driving and racing. "Numerous media reports also have circulated this morning containing inaccurate information concerning the tragic events of January 15, 2023. It is my intention to return to Athens to answer the misdemeanour charges against me and make certain that the complete and accurate truth is presented. "There is no question in my mind that when all of the facts are known that I will be fully exonerated of any criminal wrongdoing." The investigation has been ongoing ever since the fatal crash on January 15, which occurred in the 900 block of Barnett Shoals Road. ACCPD confirmed in a statement on Wednesday morning: "The investigation found that Chandler LeCroy, driver of the 2021 Ford Expedition, and Jalen Carter, driver of a 2021 Jeep Trackhawk, were operating their vehicles in a manner consistent with racing shortly after leaving the downtown Athens area at about 2:30 AM. The evidence demonstrated that both vehicles switched between lanes, drove in the center turn lane, drove in opposite lanes of travel, overtook other motorists, and drove at high rates of speed, in an apparent attempt to outdistance each other. "Evidence indicated that shortly before the crash the Expedition was traveling at about 104 miles per hour. The toxicology report indicated that LeCroy’s blood alcohol concentration was .197 at the time of the crash. "Investigators determined that alcohol impairment, racing, reckless driving, and speed were significant contributing factors to the crash." The police department then issued a further statement, which read: "On January 15, 2023, at approximately 2:45 AM, ACCPD responded to a single-vehicle crash in the 900 block of Barnett Shoals Road. "Initial investigation indicates that a 2021 Ford Expedition was traveling southbound in the outside lane of Barnett Shoals Road when the vehicle left the roadway, striking two power poles and several trees. A passenger, Devin Willock, 20, died at the scene as a result of his injuries. "The driver, Chandler LeCroy, 24, was transported by EMS to a local hospital where she died as a result of her injuries. A 21-year-old male passenger sustained minor injuries and a 26-year-old female passenger sustained serious injuries."