Pep Guardiola has hit out at double standards from match officials when it comes to time-wasting, insisting his Manchester City side have been unfairly punished this season. The City boss spoke on the issue ahead of the visit of one of the worst offenders in the Premier League, Eddie Howe’s Newcastle United. Yet it was unfair treatment for his own side that provoked Guardiola’s annoyance rather than him calling for today’s referee to keep a close eye on the Magpies. Erik ten Hag, Jurgen Klopp and Mikel Arteta have all accused Newcastle of wasting time this season with the Manchester United boss maintaining their slow play was a deliberate tactic to “annoy” opponents. And Guardiola believes that his side, who he insists want to keep the ball in play more than any other Premier League outfit, have been unfairly penalised on more than one occasion. Guardiola feels bookings for Ederson at the Emirates, Erling Haaland against Everton on New Year’s Eve and Rico Lewis against Leeds earlier in December were all unfair. And of the three it was the first one, for wasting time, that irked him the most. “If it’s a waste of time, we will have a yellow card for Ederson, don’t worry,” said the City boss sarcastically. MUST READ: Pep Guardiola names Man City successor and addresses Haaland to Real “We are the team with the least waste of time in the career and the first time we go to Arsenal away after 35, 37 minutes we got a yellow card so don't worry about wasting time. It depends on the referee but I'm pretty sure the yellow will be for Ederson. “How many thousand million games do teams come to Etihad stadium and waste time for the keepers? 20 seconds every time, the goal kick and long ball and long ball and long ball nothing happens. Absolutely nothing happens. And after we go there, we want to be active to play and we get a yellow card.” Guardiola’s grievances are more to do with unwarranted cautions rather the overall numbers given his side have the joint least number of yellow cards this season, along with West Ham. And he insisted he has faith in the officials at the Etihad this lunchtime to keep a close eye on Newcastle’s behaviour if they are defending a point or a lead. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears City will look to stick the boot into a bruised Newcastle just six days after their Carabao Cup defeat to Manchester United. And Guardiola says lessons have been learned from the 3-3 draw at St James’s Park earlier in the season. “We didn’t find space in that game and the way they press caused us to suffer problems in some moments,” he said. “They have been incredible. “What happened last season and this season is a step forward and they are here to stay. They will be one of the toughest opponents we have between now and the end of the season. They are one of the best teams and that is why they are there.”