Outlander actress Caitriona Balfe took to Instagram this week to reveal she’s up for a major award alongside fellow Irish stars Siobhan McSweeney and Sharon Horgan. When the Claire Fraser star posted the thrilling update on her page, leading man for the Starz drama Sam Heughan sent a sweet tribute to his co-star in the comments. Balfe revealed she has been nominated for the Irish Film and Television Award for Best Lead Actress - Drama in her latest post. In the caption, the Outlander star wrote: “Well this is a lovely surprise! “I am so thrilled to be nominated for an IFTA alongside these amazingly talented women!” She added three-leaf clovers and green love hearts, and signed off: “Go raibh maith agat (thank you) @iftaacademy @outlander_starz @sptv.” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers Heughan wasted no time replying, commenting with raised hands and writing: “Congrats lovely!” Their former co-star Duncan LaCroix, who portrayed Murtagh Fitzgibbons, also replied with the raised hands emoji. And Oscar-winner Ariana DeBose exclaimed: “Star! And what a group!” Balfe was also nominated alongside Conversations With Friends breakout Alison Oliver, Dervla Kirwan, and Roisin Gallagher. This is by no means the first time her Outlander performance has caught the attention of a major awards body, as she has picked up several accolades and nominations since the first season. Her acclaimed performance in Kenneth Branagh’s historical drama film Belfast also fetched her nods from BAFTA, the Golden Globes and many more. As fans await the highly-anticipated seventh season of Outlander, coming this summer, Balfe’s 1.9 million followers were ecstatic to see her latest news. @beg.lisa replied: “You should have won for Belfast. But, this will do. I'll be cheering for you!” Don't miss... Yellowstone ‘in trouble’ as Kevin Costner lands new role [LATEST] William and Kate’s ‘first meeting’ spotted in The Crown filming snaps [INSIGHT] The Good Lawyer star opens up on ‘debilitating OCD’ [INTERVIEW] @sassanach1213 commented: “Congratulations and so well deserved! I’m sure all of these ladies are quite talented but no one can measure up to our Claire! “Thank you for giving SO much of yourself to this role. You are already our winner. Much love and best wishes!” And @fabiana.nurse wrote: “Congratulations Caitríona, you deserve so much. “Season six, you were even more magnificent. We will be here cheering you on.” Hundreds of Balfe’s other friends and fans also took to the comments to cheer her on and will be keeping their fingers crossed come the IFTA ceremony on May 7th. The ceremony will likely occur a couple of months before the release of Outlander season seven, which is slated for a summer 2023 release. Trailers have teased the Frasers’ toughest battle yet, and Claire’s daughter Brianna (played by Sophie Skelton) and her husband Roger (Richard Rankin) will have to make a possible decision. Starz has also confirmed the drama will come to its conclusion after season eight, but, thankfully, the world of Outlander will still continue in the upcoming prequel, Blood of My Blood. Outlander season 7 premieres summer 2023 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.