Over the years with being used multiple times a day, towels can become hard and scratchy. While the first thought might be to chuck them in the laundry with an extra dose of fabric softener for good measure. According to an expert, however, this is not necessarily the best way to restore towels to their former glory. Making an appearance on ITV’s This Morning on Monday, Aggie MacKenzie, known for presenting the Channel 4 series How Clean Is Your House?, has shared what can be cleaned in homes using white vinegar, rather than spending money on expensive chemical cleaners. She stated that plain distilled white vinegar has got “multi-uses”, is “so cheap”, and eco-friendly, that households “don’t need any fancy product at all” if they have this. White vinegar can be purchased from local supermarkets such as Tesco and Asda for only 29p. Aggie highlighted white vinegar’s “fantastic” use when doing laundry, especially when it comes to washing towels. She said: “A lot of people use conditioner with their towels to get them soft and fluffy”. However, the cleaning pro warned that using too much is what stiffens up a towel. READ MORE: 29p household staple to clean ‘dirty’ hidden fridge compartment The expert said: “The trouble with using too much conditioner each time you do the washing, a build-up of the product starts to form, and so the towels become hard, because there’s this layer of conditioner on the outside.” So to “cut through” that Aggie advised adding a cup of vinegar to the final rinse in the wash and that “takes away all the residue” of the conditioner. For those who do not get the desired result the first time, this may be due to an extensive build-up of residue on their towel. If this is the case, just repeat the step. She added: “Hotels actually use it for them to keep their towels fluffy.” Aggie noted that households don’t need to use white vinegar in the wash with their towels all the time, only when they feel that their towels are getting “a bit stiff”. Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [TIPS] Monty Don shares gardening job ‘not’ to do in March - leave until June [EXPERT] ‘Number one reason’ gardeners end up ‘killing’ their tomato plants [INSIGHT] Another laundry use for white vinegar is to restore black clothing after it’s been through the wash. The cleaning guru explained that often people will find that black clothing becomes a bit grey, which would lead many to think this is because it is losing the colour. However, often this is because there is a build up of detergent. She said: “People might be using too much and then it stays in the fibres. “So to get rid of that detergent, soak the item in a bowl with warm water and a few splashes of vinegar and you’ll see that the black will come back.” READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ item to ‘instantly’ remove washing machine odours Aside from laundry, white vinegar can be used on household areas such as stainless steel sinks. She explained that stainless steel sinks look their best when they have “a great shine” on them. To do this Aggie said: “First of all wash it with soapy water and then to finish off if you want that super shine that’s going to blind you, add just a dot of vinegar on a microfibre cloth.” She noted that these cloth can be used for glass and mirrors too. The cleaning pro shared that for those who don’t like the smell of vinegar they can add a drop or two of their favourite aroma therapy oil, otherwise known as essential oils, for example lavender or tea tree. When it comes to cleaning windows, glass and mirrors, Aggie said: “White vinegar is fantastic, you don’t need any fancy products, just a little spritz will do.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Demonstrating how to use this household staple to clean windows, the expert recommended using a one to one ratio of white vinegar to water. This solution can then be added to a spray bottle and applied to the window. Once applied to the surface, use a microfibre cloth to buff it in. When asked why white vinegar is so good for cleaning, Aggie said: “It’s an acid so it cuts through grease and soap.” However, despite its amazing qualities, there are some areas white vinegar should not be used on. The expert warned: “You don’t want to use it on taps with special finishes.”