Boris Johnson has given evidence to the bullying investigation into Dominic Raab, having previously warned the Deputy Prime Minister about his conduct. The former Prime Minister was interviewed by Adam Tolley KC, the lawyer looking into complaints levelled against Mr Raab. The Deputy Prime Minister and Justice Secretary has faced numerous allegations about his behaviour towards junior members of staff. The FDA union, which represents civil servants, has said it understands dozens of people are involved in those complaints spanning several years. The complaints span his time at the Ministry of Justice, the Ministry of Defence and the Department for Exiting the European Union. Mr Raab denies allegations of bullying. Rishi Sunak, who sacked Nadhim Zahawi as Tory chairman earlier this year following a row over his tax affairs, has so far resisted pressure to suspend Mr Raab. The Prime Minister is under increasing pressure to explain if he knew of allegations against Mr Raab before he appointed him to the cabinet. No 10 has only ruled out that Mr Sunak was aware of “formal complaints". Mr Johnson is said to have privately warned Dominic Raab about his conduct. He also had an interview with Adam Tolley KC, according to the Telegraph, but it is not known how long the interview went on for or what was discussed. The Deputy PM held cabinet positions throughout Mr Johnson’s three-year premiership but was moved between posts. It is unusual for a former prime minister to be involved in an investigation launched by Downing Street. Mr Raab has said the investigation should be allowed to do its work before he is forced to step down, telling Sky News last month: “We believe innocent until proven guilty in this country.” But Mr Raab said he would step down if the investigation found him guilty, saying: “If an allegation of bullying is upheld I will resign.” In February, prominent anti-Brexit activist Gina Miller made public allegations against Mr Raab, claiming he swore at a young staff member. She claimed she saw Mr Raab tell the man to “go get me a f****** car”. The alleged incident took place after Ms Miller and Mr Raab appeared together on the Radio 4 Today programme in 2016. She accused Mr Raab of "bullying" and "demeaning" behaviour, claiming the Deputy Prime Minister launched an "abusive attack" on her. Ms Miller claimed he called her “stupid” and “naive” during the “aggressive” encounter at the BBC. Her claims were the first on-the-record accusations of abuse against Mr Raab.