James Cameron’s 1997 film Titanic was born out of his fascination with shipwrecks, inspired by the horrifying events of 1912 when the luxury liner sank on its maiden voyage in less than three hours after colliding with an iceberg. The 25-year-old film, which centres around the fictitious love story between Rose and Jack on the infamous “unsinkable ship”, was a huge success, becoming the first film to gross over $1billion (£825.4million) worldwide on March 1, 1998. The disaster on which it was based saw the death of 1,500 people with just 706 surviving, seven of whom were alive when the 68-year-old director’s film made its way onto the big screen.  Just one survivor went to the premiere and saw the hit film: Eleanor Johnson Shuman, who made it out alive on one of the few lifeboats. She was just 18 months old, travelling with her mother and four-year-old brother when the Titanic sank on April 14, 1912. The best part of a century later, in December 1997, Mrs Shuman went to see the premiere of the film starring Winslet and DiCaprio where she was made a guest of honour at the McClurg Court Theatre in Chicago. Dishes and silverware from the actual ship were put on display. Prior to seeing the film, the survivor, who was then in her Eighties, met with Cameron on set who she described as “very pleasant”.  According to the Chicago Tribune, Mrs Shuman saw the film more than once, saying that the opening scenes of the ship lying on the ocean bed as researchers examine the wreckage with the then top-of-the-line specialist cameras was the “best” part. Mrs Shuman, who saw the film three times in total, said she cried on each occasion and found the experience “emotionally draining”. In fact, she said she found the depiction of the tragedy “so realistic" that it was "difficult to watch". Born to a Swedish father and Finnish mother who married in the US in 1907, Mrs Shuman had travelled with her mother and brother to Sweden and Finland in 1911 to visit her dying grandfather before boarding the Titanic at Southampton, Hants. READ MORE: Unearthed footage from 1986 shows first-time Titanic wreck was seen    Mrs Shuman and her mother and brother, Alice and Harold, all lived to tell the tale, managing to escape death by being one of the 700 people who got a place on a lifeboat. Although she was less than two years old at the time, her mother had shared her memories of being on board the Titanic which remained ingrained in her mind. When disaster struck and the ship hit the iceberg, her brother was thrown to the floor from his bed. Speaking to the Elgin Week in Review in 1995, Mrs Shuman told how she and her family had been travelling with two Swedish women who were emigrating to the US — only one of whom survived. Mrs Shuman, her mother and brother all made it onto a lifeboat but the lady who had helped little Harold onto the boat tragically “went down with the ship”. She said: “[My mother said] she had the most pathetic expression on her face hanging onto the rail when they left the ship and Mom couldn’t get that out of her mind, that she had to die.” DON'T MISS: Hadrian's Wall mystery murders after two ancient bodies found [INSIGHT]Beatles 'embarrassed' by huge hit Hard Day's Night [REPORT]Master ‘manipulator’ Putin makes others feel like his ‘best friend’ [EXCLUSIVE]   The Johnson family was rescued from the lifeboat by the R.M.S Carpathia and were taken to New York. While there, Mrs Shuman’s mother then fell ill with laryngitis as she had been exposed to so much icey cold water. Although her early life was extraordinary, the rest of Mrs Shuman's life spent in Elgin near Chicago was “ordinary”, according to her obituary in the New York Times. There, she worked at the Elgin Watch Company before becoming a telephone operator until her retirement in 1962. Her husband, Delbert Shuman, was an International Harvester engineer who died in 1981. The couple were married for almost 50 years. Mrs Shuman died at the age of 87 in March 1998, just months after Cameron's film was released.  