A woman's nose was viciously ripped off by a pitbull mix belonging to her boyfriend after the pet was "startled by her teeth whitening". Olivia Quast had been wearing a UV teeth-whitening mouth guard when Graeme Stasyshyn's dog attacked her. The 33-year-old was left shocked to touch her face only to realise her nose "was not there". Quast believes the UV light had scared Bentley and tried not to yank her arm out of his mouth. She told Kennedy News and Media: “He lunged, and he got my nose first, I was in shock and disbelief. I just stared at him. "It never dawned on me that he was going to keep attacking me, because why would he? I put my hand on my nose and he lunged at my arm twice more.” After escaping the attack she quickly rushed to the bathroom where she frantically called her mum. READ MORE: Joe Biden branded 'out of touch' after 5.2% federal pay increase  She said: "I was in pure agony. [I was saying] ‘help me mom, help me, he took my nose. My fingers are going numb, I can’t feel my fingers, I’m getting cold." Quast revealed she could barely stand following the injuries. She added: "I stayed standing but I felt my entire being drop to the floor, the room spun, it’s like everything was in hyper-focus and spinning and it was pure agony." Quast was rushed to Hartford Hospital in Connecticut where doctors found her nose, septum and cartilage had been torn out. However, the ridge of her nose and nostrils were safe meaning she was had no affect on her breathing or sense of smell. The injuries on her arm resulted in her receiving two plates, eight screws and two pins to keep the limb together. Don't miss... Ryan Reynolds's unusual baby name for fourth child [LATEST] £1.6 billion lottery jackpot winner sued as man claims ticket 'stolen' [INSIGHT] Mum, 21, claims she was 'dreaming' as she stabbed ex 19 times [ANALYSIS] Doctors have said it will take a year to heal from the damage to her nerves and ligaments. She is set to have reconstructive surgery on her face in a year where doctors will use cartilage from her ear, pieces of her ribs and skin from her forehead to create a new nose. Since the attack, Quast and Stasyshyn decided to euthanise Bentley. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews