Like many public figures, The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been immortalised as wax figures at a museum in Poland. However, the waxwork went viral after horrifying fans and talk show host, James Corden even had a savage dig at Prince William and Princess Kate’s appearance.  Visitors at the Krakow Wax Museum in Poland took to TikTok to poke fun at the dodgy waxwork of Prince Willam and his wife, Kate Middleton. The royals were among many to be mocked at the museum which is currently rated 2.5 stars on TripAdvisor. The clip of the waxwork went viral as horrified viewers slammed their appearance due to the lack of resemblance. The figures were also mocked during Tuesday’s episode of The Late Late Show with James Corden. READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation  As James compared a side-by-side portrait of the actual Prince and Princess alongside the wax figure, the studio audience roared with laughter, while others also groaned in disgust. James joked: “That wax of Prince William looks like he just walked into Prince Andrew’s room by mistake.” The host then imitated the wax figure’s strained facial expression as the audience laughed and cheered. He then asked: “What happened to them?"     As James peered closer at the picture, he remarked: “It looks like their bodies have just been lifted out of the Titanic. “Although on the plus side, at least we all know now what they’ll both look like if they got infected in The Last of Us.” The 44-year-old continued: “Those two photos side by side are perfect, it’s like when the edible hits meme.” The wax figure of Prince William was dressed in his military uniform, while Kate wore while two-piece suit with a small lace headpiece. DON'T MISS...Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [INSIGHT]The Late Late Show with James Corden's replacement confirmed [INSIGHT]Shania Twain branded ‘unrecognisable’ as she debuts new blonde look [REACTION] Viewers also took to the comments to blast the waxwork, this included @glitterinmyeyes333 who shared: “Those statues are what nightmares are made of!” @exiledpageone8238 added: “The wax figures remind me of the giants in Attack on Titan." A disgusted @gabyreiss3100 asked: “ No hell no..who was smoking when they made these horrific statues.” While @Ahwedekawta remarked: “Prince William with hair? They’re taking a p**s?”    Along with a rating of 2.5, the Krakow Wax museum was also met with a number of backlash in the reviews. User FamilyGuyArlesey stated: “This place is so bad it's brilliant. My family never laughed so much in a long time. You have to visit to see how awful the waxworks are.”While Sophie O reviewed: “This was the worst wax museum I’ve ever visited. It was expensive considering what was in there. Most figures had fingers snapped off or no hands.” (sic)  The Late Late Show with James Corden continues weeknights on CBS in the USA 