Lewis Hamilton has insisted he is happy with his achievements at the Bahrain Grand Prix after coming home in fifth place. The Briton looked competitive throughout the race as he finished ahead of Mercedes team-mate George Russell, who disagreed with Hamilton's assessment and insisted the Silver Arrows have much work ahead. The 38-year-old qualified sixth on the grid behind Russell but managed to leapfrog his compatriot at the start and also Aston Martin's Fernando Alonso into Turn One. That gave Hamilton the advantage on strategy and he was brought in before Russell, who found himself on the wrong end of an overcut from Lance Stroll and became frustrated behind the Canadian. Hamilton was able to compete with Alonso in a fiery battle between the pair before the Spaniard came out on top, and despite a late challenge on Carlos Sainz, the Mercedes star settled for fifth. Such a result would normally leave him downhearted, but Hamilton was pleased with his performance and felt he gave everything he had to achieve the result. READ MORE: Max Verstappen reacts to beating Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton When asked if fifth was the best he could have hoped for, Hamilton replied: "Yeah, definitely. I gave it absolutely everything. "I'm definitely happy with the race, it was much better than qualifying. I'm generally happy in terms of my performance. The team did amazing on the pit stops. Just unfortunately the car is not there at the moment. "We're just lacking downforce, so we've got to really work hard to try and add that ASAP. Anything that can improve on, we've got to use it tomorrow, we've really got to push massively to try and close that gap. The Red Bull pace today was absolutely huge." LATEST F1 NEWSHamilton cautioned on 'not realistic' F1 goals as Wolff fears worstLewis Hamilton brands new Mercedes 'average' as woes set to continueToto Wolff responds to Lewis Hamilton outburst after qualifying That directly contrasted with how Russell felt after the race, with the 24-year-old unable to get in front of Hamilton when the pair had a brief battle. "It depends... in the mix for what really?" Russell said to Sky Sports F1, when asked if Mercedes were in the mix for points. "We had a good battle at points, but both of us were on the back foot and a bit helpless when you're lacking a couple of tenths compared to the cars around you. You try your best to battle with them but you can't hold them up. "Fernando and Lance were really strong, Carlos maybe on a more level playing field but it was just a really difficult race for us." Mercedes already find themselves 27 points behind Red Bull after Max Verstappen led home a 1-2 finish in Bahrain, with Alonso claiming his first podium since 2014.