Match of the Day will be reduced to around 20 minutes on Saturday evening following the ongoing Gary Lineker saga. The BBC have made the decision after a host of presenters, pundits and commentators decided against working this weekend in a show of solidarity to the former England striker. Lineker was told to step back from his duties on Friday following a tweet he made earlier this week. The 62-year-old compared the government's asylum policy to 1930s Nazi Germany. The BBC demanded that Lineker apologise as the remark went against their impartiality guidelines but he has so far refused to do so. Ian Wright was the first pundit to confirm he would not be appearing on Match of the Day if Lineker was not working. He was swiftly followed by the likes of Alan Shearer, Alex Scott and Jermaine Jenas. On Friday, a joint statement from the BBC commentators said they would not work for Saturday's matches in support of Lineker.  Read more... Lineker shrugs off BBC criticism as MOTD host seen joking at Leicester [PICS] Football Focus and Final Score have since been removed from the BBC's schedule after more presenters and pundits pulled out of the coverage. The BBC said on Friday that Match of the Day would be shown without any studio input. And now The Times claims the programme will only be a fraction over 20 minutes long. The highlights show usually airs for much longer, with last week's programme on for one hour and 25 minutes. The BBC has apologised to viewers for the lack of sport programmes across their channels this weekend. The apology reads: "The BBC will only be able to bring limited sport programming this weekend and our schedules will be updated to reflect that. "We are sorry for these changes which we recognise will be disappointing for BBC sport fans. We are working hard to resolve the situation and hope to do so soon."  Don't miss... Jeremy Corbyn demands BBC reinstate Lineker and for Tim Davie to go [QUOTES] John Cleese urges 'throw the BBC board out' over Gary Lineker row [OPINION] Mark Chapman and Dion Dublin 'stand down from Radio 5' in BBC turmoil [LATEST] Lineker was filmed leaving his home this morning. He was on his way to the King Power Stadium to watch his former club Leicester take on Chelsea. He was seen laughing and smiling in the stands as he watched the Foxes struggle against Graham Potter's Blues. It appears Lineker has already been taken off next week's Match of the Day schedule. The BBC appear to hope that Mark Chapman will step in. The show's description says: "Mark Chapman introduces highlights of Brentford v Leicester and Chelsea v Everton."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here