The RuPaul's Drag Race winner took a tumble during the solo skate and admitted to hurting their knees when they waited for the judges' critique. Dancing On Ice viewers rushed to Twitter to share their concern for the star, worrying it might impact the final scores on the night. The Vivienne, real name James Lee Williams, was dressed in a sheer sequin number for the skate and looked incredible. They got off to a good start with the rest of the contestants on the ice but as they skated around the edge of the rink, it all went wrong. The Vivienne seemed to slip on the ice and landed on her knees before sliding along. Not wanting to be stopped by the incident, the drag star got back on her feet and finished the performance. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection Speaking to Holly Willoughby after the performance, The Vivienne detailed her injuries from the skate. "My knees hurt a little bit but I'm fine," she explained. "We're dancing on ice so these things happen." Sadly for The Vivienne the judges put her in fifth place due to the fall and she received just one extra point towards her final score. Taking to Twitter, fans shared their concern for The Vivienne, with Ben Fisher posting: "Felt for the Vivienne there. Hope it doesn't have too much of an affect on her tonight #DancingOnIce." Kerry J added: "Feel so sorry for The Vivienne I have a feeling she might be one of the two going. "I hope she can make it up with the second skate #DancingOnIce." Joanna posted: "#DancingOnIce The Vivienne will be OK, still one of the best skaters." DON'T MISS...Holly Willoughby makes jaws drop on DOI in plunging black gown [PICTURES]Dancing On Ice's Siva Kaneswaran dealt crushing blow [LATEST]James Jordan warns 'best skater' may not win Dancing On Ice [EXCLUSIVE] "Me and my family all went 'aghhh' at the same time when The Vivienne fell," Sophie tweeted. "That was a shame! #DancingOnIce." The Vivienne had another chance to impress the judges with their performance to Somewhere Over The Rainbow. Explaining the choice of song, The Vivienne said: "For my personal song, I’m going to be skating to Over the Rainbow. "As a young boy I really fell in love with The Wizard of Oz because it just made me feel like anything was possible. "I knew I was different but I didn’t know what it was but seeing Dorothy who knew there was a bigger world out there than Kansas definitely struck something with me." The Vivienne almost scored 40 points receiving 10 points from judges Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill, and Christopher Dean. However, Ashley Banjo scored The Vivienne 9.5 points meaning they were given just 39.5. Dancing On Ice airs Sunday on ITV at 6.30pm.