To widespread relief the state pension triple lock has been restored for the 2023/24 financial year, which begins on April 6. The state pension will increase by a hefty 10.1 percent, in line with last September's inflation figure, lifting the maximum new state pension from £9,627.80 a year to £10,600.20. Yet there is an option to get more than that, if you are approaching retirement and can afford to be patient. This could give you an extra £615 a year, for the rest of your life, but it is a difficult decision to make in practice. The state pension age is 66 but if you can wait a year or two before taking it, you can get more income in return. Delaying the age at which you take your state pension, called state pension deferral, gives you higher income when you finally do take it. That continues for the rest of your life. That sounds tempting but is it really a good deal? For every nine weeks you defer, you will get one percent extra state pension for the rest of your life. By deferring for a full year, you will get 5.8 percent more. From April, the new state pension will pay £203.85 a week or £10,600.20 a year. Deferring for one year would increase that to £215.67 a week from age 67. That’s an income of £11,215 for the year. In practice it will be more as you will get next year's annual state pension increase on top. Minimum deferral period is five weeks. You could delay taking it for years if you can afford it, and get much more as a result. If you’re in that position, there is another advantage. If you are employee, working for longer should mean you can pay into a workplace pension scheme for longer, which should further boost your income when you finally retire. Deferring is actually simply than taking your state pension. Roughly two months before your 66th birthday you will receive a letter giving you two options, to claim or defer your state pension. If you defer, you don’t need to do anything, as payments will automatically be delayed until you actively make a claim. Deferring could work for those who have not yet built up the 35 years of qualifying National Insurance contributions needed to receive the maximum new state pension. Working on and making NI contributions could help make up the shortfall. This might be an option for women who took time out to care for children or elderly relations, workers who took a lengthy career break, or were self-employed with low earnings. It might also apply to expatriates returning from working overseas who did not make voluntary contributions while they were away. By making your NI contributions you will get more state pension when you finally do claim, on top of the extra from deferring it. READ MORE: State pension delay could mean payments are taxed later  Workers on a good salary who want to push on beyond 66 also have an incentive to defer their state pension, as the payments could push them into a higher tax bracket once added to their total annual income from all sources. Inevitably, there is also a downside to deferring. If you defer for a year you will sacrifice £10,600.20 of state pension in year one. It can take years to make this up, if you ever do. Typically, you will have to live for another 15 years to break even, depending on how rapidly the state pension rises in future. So you have to live to at least 81 or 82 for your decision to pay off. The longer you live after that, the more you will have profited from your decision. If tempted, deferring is a complex decision with both pros and cons, but for the majority of retirees it's a no-brainer. Most people need their state pension as soon as they can claim it, especially today, as living costs rocket. Which is what nine out of 10 of us choose to do.