From superfoods packed with vitamins and nutrients to physical activity to complement your cardiovascular system, there are many ways to approach longevity. While there’s no one-size-fits-all approach to a longer and healthy life, an 89-year-old man has shared what he swears by. Bachelor Robert Eddison, 89, from Marble Arch, London, shared the simple routines he owes to his youthful looks and good shape. The 89-year-old, who looks 20 years younger, shared he owes his good health to daily stretching exercises, yoga, and a strict skin-care routine. Since his thirties, he’s been following simple exercise routines every single day. This new regime started when Robert was struck with back problems. The writer said: "My back was so bad it skewed to the right. READ MORE: 'I had zero risk factors for bowel cancer': Woman hit by the condition shares 'first' sign “So, I decided to fix it, and I went to an osteopath who worked himself out of a job. "He recommended these two to four minutes stretches before I get up and it was incredible." Since then, Robert has been pairing daily stretching exercises before he gets up with a 30-minute yoga or swimming session. The 89-year-old also completes balancing exercises - standing on one leg for a few minutes as often as he can - which means he has never had to use a walking stick. Don't miss... Woman, 35, hit by bowel cancer shares the 'first' sign [LATEST] The milk to have for breakfast to reduce blood sugar levels [EXCLUSIVE] Emmerdale script adviser on how charity saved him from taking his life [INSIGHT] He added: "If you use a stick, you become dependent on it and you lose the ability to walk without one.” People often don't believe Robert is almost 90-years-old, with many accusing him of lying about his age. He said: "Every time I go out, people tell me I must be in my 70s or 60s. They even accuse me of lying to them.” From walking to moderate physical activity, countless studies continue to suggest that exercise is a key pillar for longevity, with yoga, like Robert practises, being a great candidate. READ MORE: Emmerdale script adviser on how charity saved him from taking his own life One study found that people over the age of 40, who did yoga for five years, had a lower blood pressure and pulse rate than those who didn’t. High blood pressure can lay the groundwork for serious health problems, such as heart attacks and strokes. Therefore, lowering your reading is imperative when hunting for longevity. Furthermore, the NHS recommends adults between the ages of 19 and 64 to be physically active every day. Another thing Robert swears by is a strict skincare routine, which consists of a day cream that protects him from the sun, a night cream, and an anti-ageing cream for under his eyes. Besides these daily practices, Robert believes it is equally important to keep himself occupied. He still works at the age 89 and has high hopes for his writing. Robert added: "Healthy diet, regular exercise and positive thinking. I rate all three as equally important. "I have no time to die before 100 because I have a ten-year master plan, if you are living to do something you will live longer." 