Popstar Lee Ryan is trying to reverse a plea for assaulting a police officer during a drunken row on a flight. The Blue singer was found guilty of racially aggravated assault of a female cabin crew on a British Airways flight from Glasgow to London in July last year. The 39-year-old was also found guilty of behaving in a threatening or abusive manner. The court heard that Ryan was "slurring his words and staggering around" after drinking a whole bottle of port. During the trial, the jury heard that Ryan made comments about flight attendant Leah Gordon, calling her a "chocolate cookie". Ms Gordon said Ryan approached her from behind, grabbed her wrists and said: "Before I get off this place I need a kiss from you." The singer admitted an offence of being drunk on an aircraft. He also admitted assaulting a police officer, but he is now trying to reverse that plea, court staff confirmed. A hearing was due to take place at Uxbridge Magistrates Court on Thursday morning but has been rescheduled for next week. An application has been made by Ryan's defence to change the plea for assault of an emergency worker, meaning his sentencing is now on hold. READ MORE: Express readers react to Gary Lineker BBC row During the trial, Ryan told the court he had no recollection of what occurred. He said he drank a whole bottle of port and ate cheese in the BA lounge after the flight was delayed. The pop star went on: "I'm sorry. My band member is black, I'm not racist, I've had black girlfriends, mixed-race girlfriends. It was banter, just drunk banter I suppose, there was no malice or intention to upset anyone." He added: "I didn't mean to cause any distress to anyone or be racist, it was just a poor choice of words I suppose." Don't miss... Police warn killer may 'strike again' after gran dies in hospital bed [DON'T MISS] Driver's horror after giving finger to car before realising huge error [DON'T MISS] Boy banned from using e-scooters after fatal accident [DON'T MISS] Video footage shown during the trial shows an officer warning Ryan to stop trying to bite him. The prosecution also argued he was "snarling" at officers. The hearing is listed for next month.