Liverpool could be bringing through their very own Wayne Rooney as former Celtic coach Tommy McIntyre sheds light on his prior experience with youngster Ben Doak. The 17-year-old has already made five appearances for the senior side and manager Jurgen Klopp has made no secret of the fact he's impressed. Doak rose through the ranks at Celtic, becoming their second-youngest debutant of all time at 16 years old before signing with the Reds in a £600,000 deal last March. His Hoops team-mates nicknamed him 'Wazza' for his stocky build, resemblant of Rooney during his own ascent to stardom. The speedy winger has already come off the bench in the FA Cup, Carabao Cup and even the Premier League, with Klopp waxing lyrical about his cameo against Derby County earlier this campaign. "He's a really lively boy, smart player, good dribbler, fast, can use both legs," said the Liverpool boss. "A lot of things are obviously natural to him, which is really helpful." DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Ten Hag had ruthless Garnacho message before West Ham win Doak spent time with Celtic's B team before promptly being called up by first-team manager Ange Postecoglou, and ex-Celtic B boss McIntyre told BBC Sport: "Celtic did try their very best to keep him. They gave him that platform to perform on the big stage, but it was ultimately his decision. "He was always highly thought of. It was only age that prevented me bringing him in earlier to the B team, as you need to be 16. He wasn't with me long before Ange took him up to the first team. READ MORE...Man Utd walk the walk as Ten Hag reminded of key quartet vs West HamLiverpool youngsters in heated brawl as Ben Doak gets 'bloody lip'Klopp has Liverpool trump card as Luis Diaz set to make 'real impact' "He's so exciting because he's a player that gets fans off their seat - when he gets the ball, he's so direct. He's got blistering pace and has a trick as well. He can get past people, he provides crosses into the box, he creates chances, he finishes. "For someone so young to have that mental toughness is a great attribute to have. The way he approached things was incredible. He has a real winning mentality and you could see that with the way he played. He was a joy to work with."  Rooney went on to play for two of Liverpool's most bitter rivals, Everton and Manchester United, but the Reds surely wouldn't say no to a player of his calibre gracing Anfield for years to come. Doak's agent, former Scotland full-back Jackie McNamara, has referred to the youngster as 'a Scottish Rooney', adding that 'he has never seen anything like him'.