Manchester United hero Gary Neville has denied he “cried off” an appearance on Monday Night Football and insists he was never scheduled to appear on the show in the first place. Neville was on commentary duties for Sky Sports on Sunday as his beloved Red Devils were humbled 7-0 by Liverpool at Anfield.   Neville bore the brunt of ridicule from Liverpool icons Jamie Carragher and Graeme Souness after Erik ten Hag’s side had capitulated on Merseyside. And on Monday Carragher tweeted: “Gary Neville has cried off from MNF,” alongside emojis of three laughing faces. One fan then asked Carragher if Neville had “bottled it,” with the 2005 Champions League winner replying with a 100 emoji to indicate he was 100 per cent certain that Neville had done just that. But Neville hit back later in the day as he replied to Carragher by tweeting: “Behave yourself! Never meant to be on as you well know you! I will be relaxing looking forward to watching you eulogise over a team you’ve killed for 2 months.” And he added an emoji of a clown face to spell out to Carragher exactly what he thought of his original post.     Read more... Ten Hag in furious Man Utd dressing room rant after Liverpool loss [LATEST] United went toe-to-toe with Liverpool for most of the first half at Anfield but fell behind shortly before half time as Cody Gakpo netted for the hosts. Darwin Nunez extended his team’s advantage two minutes into the second period, with Gakpo grabbing another goal soon afterwards. Mohamed Salah notched a brace either side of a second Nunez goal, with Roberto Firmino putting the icing on the cake with a seventh effort just before the end of the match.   Don't miss... Ten Hag in furious Man Utd dressing room rant after Liverpool loss [LATEST] Football fan arrested as new footage shows teen two-footing Robertson [LATEST] Big Debate - Fernandes' Man Utd captaincy issue, Souness vs Neville  [LATEST] Carragher and Neville sat together to give their thoughts on the contest. And as Liverpool racked-up the goals, Carragher took to Twitter to post a picture that showed Neville looking miserable while he appeared to be on cloud nine. And Carragher continued to goad his fellow pundit with a whole host of tweets throughout the evening and into Monday. Carragher continued to extol Liverpool for their performance as Monday Night Football got underway ahead of Brentford’s clash with Fulham. And the former ace explained: “On the back of the announcement on Roberto Firmino not being at the club next season, Sadio Mane at the start of the season moving on and Liverpool just not being at the races for a lot of this season, it just felt nice to see [Cody] Gakpo, [Darwin] Nunez, [Mohamed] Salah, still got [Luis] Diaz to come back, [Diogo] Jota off the bench - that could be the makings of a new front three.”