Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag may satisfy Paul Scholes’ request to rest Luke Shaw and Casemiro but is unlikely to do so against Southampton this weekend. The Dutchman will have a better opportunity next Thursday in the reverse leg with Real Betis after taking a comfortable 4-1 lead into the encounter with Spain. Shaw and Casemiro have been two of United’s standout players for Ten Hag this season as the Red Devils start to show progress under their new manager. The duo have featured in almost every game they have been available for since the World Cup as they become two of the Dutchman’s stalwarts. However, they have both started to show signs of tiredness in recent weeks and were two of the worst players on the park during the Red Devils' humiliating 7-0 defeat to Liverpool last weekend. They put in much-improved performances against Betis as United coasted to a strong first-leg lead but Paul Scholes was not convinced, suggesting they would both benefit from a rest after the game. "I just think with Ten Hag... he doesn't seem to make many changes, whatever the situation is in games,” he told BT Sport. “I think he likes having players having rhythm in the game. But he'd have to think with the schedule they've had and amount of games, these players need a rest now. I thought Luke Shaw looked like he needed a rest, Casemiro possibly needs a rest. Read more... Man Utd risk angering Ten Hag as Harry Maguire plan comes to light [GOSSIP] "Bringing these young players in, giving them a taste and experience of European football, hopefully it would send them in good stead for the future." It is unlikely that Scholes wish will be granted this weekend with the Red Devils meeting Southampton in the Premier League. United still face a fight to confirm their place in the top four and Ten Hag cannot afford to risk dropping points to allow their rivals back into the race. However, next week’s encounter with Betis should provide a better opportunity, with the club carrying a strong lead into the second leg and it is more likely that the Dutchman will decide to rotate his side then. Don't miss... Erik ten Hag has four-man shortlist and 'wants to sell misfiring star' [LATEST] Chelsea set 'Mason Mount asking price' as Man Utd and Liverpool circle [GOSSIP] Carragher tells Tottenham it 'makes sense' to sell Kane to Man Utd [REACTION] Meanwhile, Ten Hag was keen to praise fans for their support following Thursday night’s win following the abject defeat to Liverpool. "I think we played a very good game,” he said as he looked back on the game. “At half-time we should have already been 3-0 up but it was 1-1, we made one mistake and were punished for it. “But I thinked we played well, especially in the second half. 4-1, good goals, and a good performance also, to give something to the fans. They gave us something back as well because they were behind us. We're very grateful after Sunday."