Kat Kamalani is a flight attendant with almost one million followers on her TikTok account @katkamalani where she shares her useful travel tricks. Kat has stayed in hundreds of hotel rooms and knows the best tips and tricks for getting the best experience out of your accommodation.    Kat had made two viral TikTok videos with over 1.5 million views explaining her top tips on what to do while staying at her hotel. She began one of the videos by saying: “Tips from a flight attendant that you should be doing every single time you check into a hotel.” Kat began her video by speaking about germs on cups for your toothbrush in hotel bathrooms. She said: “Starting out, if you don’t have a dishwater in your hotel room, I would never use the glass cups.” She explained: “The reason being is you don’t know if they have been cleaned properly or if they have just been rinsed out from the last people who stayed in that hotel room. If you have a cup that is fully sealed, then you know they are good to use.” READ MORE: Flight attendant shares insider method to check your bag for free  Another item you should look out for is the hotel remote control for the television. Kat said: “These remotes have seen so many hands with so many people staying in the hotel room, and you have no idea if they are being sanitised “ The flight attendant advised those using the remotes to “grab a rice bag and wrap your remote in it.” Kat other top tips for staying in a hotel is an easy and cheap hack for if your hotel does not offer breakfast in the morning. She said: “What you can do is heat up the water in your coffee maker, bring one of those instant oatmeal packets and just pour it into your cup. All you have to do is pour the hot water in and you have instant oatmeal for the morning.” DON'T MISS:Vital hotel room toothbrush hack from flight attendant  [REPORT]'Important' reason to go to the toilet before you board a plane [REVEAL]Flight attendant says use a coat hanger on your door to stay safe [INSIGHT] In another video, Kat said that if your hotel does not have a refrigerator you can use an ice bucket to store your food. She also advised never to put your luggage anywhere near your bed as “it has been through an airport and is disgusting.” The flight attendant also had an easy hack for checking if a hotel has bed bugs. She advised travellers to make sure you “check on the corners” and also added: “The next thing you are going to want to do is to take off any decorative pillows or comforters. They never wash those. “ Kat also had some safety tips for those travelling. She said: “Never say your hotel number out loud, just in case there is anybody allowed and you don’t want them knowing where you will be staying.” She also advised that the first thing you should do when staying in a hotel room is “make sure there is no one behind you when going into your room, and check if there is anybody in the room behind the curtains, under the bed, etc.” Kat’s final tip of the day is to always “lock the doors” and “always make sure you lock the top lock” to ensure you feel safe on your holiday. People in the comment section thanked Kat for her useful advice, especially the ones about how sanitised certain items in a hotel room can be. One woman named Elonda wrote: “I have over 25 years of working in the hospitality industry and I agree with you. Most housekeepers do not sanitize nor clean the glasses among others” Someone else named Glinda wrote: “I bring Lysol wipes and spray with me, by the time I'm finished sanitizing everything, the room is sterile” while another user said: “I bring a travel pack of sanitizing wipes when I travel. I wipe down door handles, light switches, remotes, etc. upon entering the room.” Another woman named Erica made an extraordinary claim and said: “As a former cleaning staff at a hotel I would tell you that they ask us to wash the glasses with the same sponge we use to wash the toilet so yeah…”   