A Brief Update is a TikTok account that shares news and interesting facts with its followers. Recently, the social media account has been doing a deep dive into the Royal Family and explaining the ways Princess Kate has upheld royal protocol in the past while Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, has broken a few traditions. The social media guru explained in a video that Kate was not allowed to spend Christmas day with Prince William until they married in 2011 despite dating the Prince of Wales for nearly a decade. Royal tradition usually dictates that only royal partners that are married and have officially become part of the Royal Family are allowed to participate in the royal Christmas Day celebrations. However, Meghan was allowed to break this rule in 2017 and spent Christmas with the Royal Family despite not being married to Harry yet, but they had been engaged for over a month. It was reported that Queen Elizabeth invited Meghan as her family were in the USA at the time, meaning the Duchess would have likely spent the holidays alone. Since then, Meghan seems to have paved the way for a more modern approach to Christmas invites, as Princess Beatrice was granted permission to bring her then-boyfriend Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi to join the Royal Family on Christmas day in 2019. Another royal protocol that Kate has followed is not voting in elections and speaking about politics. Technically, the monarch and their family can vote as there is no law against it. However, the Royal Family voluntarily chose not to vote in order to remain politically neutral. As the Head of State, it may be considered unconstitutional for the monarch to vote or show any favouritism to a politician. Traditionally, Queen Elizabeth did not show any political leaning, as historian Sarah Gristwood once told the BBC that it has “been a policy of this Queen, since her early days as Head of State, to stay completely above the fray.” However, Meghan appeared to break this tradition in 2020 when she became the first member of the British Royal Family to ever vote in a presidential election. She also made a video that year calling for people to vote as part of the non-profit organisation When We All Vote. Don't miss... Prince Harry 'won't come to Coronation' to 'punish' Royal Family [LATEST] Meghan and Harry left 'isolated' as they struggle to get 'invites'  [REPORT] Prince Harry is 'only interested in promoting himself' [INSIGHT] The video also explained one major way in which Meghan broke the traditional royal baby protocols in place for when a new child is born. It is usually a tradition for royal women to give birth at St Mary’s Hospital in London, where they will then later be photographed on the steps of the hospital. Princess Diana was photographed following both Prince William and Harry’s birth plus Kate followed the same protocol with all three of her children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. However, Meghan Markle and Prince Harry chose not to and later posted a picture of their son, Archie, on their social media accounts instead. Buckingham Palace at the time said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex wished to “celebrate privately as a new family”. In 2022, Meghan complained about the tradition in the magazine The Cut, and gave her reasoning why she was reluctant to share photographs of her son, and seemed to believe Archie would be subjected to racism with the UK media. She said: “There’s literally a structure by which if you want to release photos of your child, as a member of the family, you first have to give them to the Royal Rota (the UK media pool). “Why would I give the very people that are calling my children the N-word a photo of my child before I can share it with the people that love my child?” You tell me how that makes sense and then I’ll play that game.” In the comment section of the Royal news video, people debated if Meghan was right to do away with some royal traditions. One person wrote “I do not think Meghan could handle it” while someone else commented: “Kate has class, Meghan does not want to follow any rules but her own.” Some fans of the Princess of Wales wrote: “Kate is awesome, and the future Queen!” while another person said: “Love Kate, she is so graceful and elegant.” However, some of Meghan’s fans were annoyed, as one American fans wrote: “Everybody hating on Meghan should just eat their haggis and shut up” while someone else said: “Kate can not match Meghan intelligence, period.” Other people also commented on Meghan’s comment in the recent Netflix documentary, in which the Duchess jokes about curtsying to Queen Elizabeth while meeting her for the first time. One user wrote: “Mocking her curtsy to the Queen was so rude and disrespectful” while somebody else said: “That bow that Meghan did was so offensive.”