The late Princess Diana avoided wearing one particular brand, according to reports. However, Diana's ex-husband King Charles's charity now has a partnership with the brand. The King's charity, The Prince's Foundation, has announced a partnership with the French fashion house Chanel. A new "Métiers d'art" education programme has been announced due to a collaboration between Chanel and The Prince's Foundation, which King Charles established while he was a Prince. But his late wife, Princess Diana, stopped wanting to wear clothing from Chanel after she and King Charles were divorced for a painful but reasonable reason. The Australian fashion designer Jayson Brundson spoke in an interview about working with Diana in 1996, on her last trip to Australia for a charity event. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is ‘extremely comfortable’ without Prince Harry - claims Mr Brundson told Harper's Bazaar Australia: "She came out holding like handfuls of shoes and bags and just dumped them all down on the couch. "Then said, 'What do you think?', so I went through them all and I found a pair of Chanel shoes, and I said, 'Well these would look great with the Versace,' and she said 'No, I can't wear linked Cs, the double C.' "So I asked why, and she said, 'It's Camilla and Charles.'" In August 1996, Princess Diana and King Charles divorced officially. Don't miss... Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures [WEIGHT LOSS] Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby [DIET] Princess Eugenie will likely 'eat less' in new home in Portugal [ROYAL] Charles acknowledged having an affair with Camilla Parker Bowles while still married in a TV interview from 1994, but he insisted it was only after "it became clear that the marriage had irretrievably broken down." Other people that were close to the late Princess of Wales have also confirmed that she did not enjoy wearing the brand Chanel after her divorce. Princess Diana's former butler, Paul Burrell, shared on Channel 5's Royals At War that the late royal requested him to remove all the "entwined 'C's" from her costly wardrobe. Paul claimed in the documentary: "She made me pick off all the C's off her Chanel shoes and the Chanel handbags because she couldn't bear to see two C's entwined." READ MORE: Mike Tindall's diet is 'different' from his wife Zara's - claims  Also, during Diana and Charles's honeymoon, the former Prince of Wales made a poor style decision. Royal commentator Penny Junor said: "Charles did not show huge emotional intelligence, if I'm brutally honest. "He had some cuff links that Camilla had given him with two C's entwined...he wore those on the honeymoon." However, despite this, Princess Diana did wear chic Chanel suits occasionally and they looked beautiful on her. Claudia Joseph, the author of "Diana: A Life in Dresses", spoke to Express.co.uk about Diana's style. She provided some insight into what the Princess would be wearing if she had lived into her sixties. Ms Joseph said: "It’s impossible to say what Diana would have worn as a woman in her sixties. "But, I believe she would have probably continued to wear the working wardrobe she adopted after her divorce, such as her chic Chanel suits, and shift dresses."