A grandmother allowed her boyfriend to store cocaine and amphetamine in the fridge of their home. Police found more than £6,000 worth of cocaine in three clear bags in Rachel Williams' fridge. A further £2,000 worth of amphetamine was also discovered at the property, a court heard. Boast was sentenced to a total of three years imprisonment and Williams was sentenced to a total of 20 months imprisonment yesterday. Following the sentences being passed out at Merthyr Tydfil Crown Court, a tearful Williams, aged 38, called Boast a "f****** p****" to which he responded "Oi". Judge Neil Bidder KC said: "Boast, you did expect to make significant financial gain from the onward supply of those drugs... Williams, you also expected to share in significant financial gain from the drugs." The total amount of cocaine found on November 16 last year weighed 56g and was valued between £3,200 and £6,400, Wales Online reports. Nik Strobl, prosecuting, said Williams, who is a gran, was arrested at the home in Bridgend, south Wales. Boast, 43, was also detained despite trying to escape. Boast told an officer he needed a prison bag, saying "I'm not getting out after this." Williams provided the pin to her phone but Boast refused. Another shopping bag was discovered at the address and found to contain 178g of amphetamine worth between £890 and £1,780. A bum bag containing £1,600 in cash was also found. During her police interview though, Williams said she no involvement in supplying drugs but accepted knowing about the bags in the fridge, but not about the contents. Boast gave a no comment interview. Boast later pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply controlled drugs of class A and B, and the court heard he had previous convictions for the supply, possession and production of drugs. Williams pleaded guilty to permitting the use of premises for the supply of controlled drugs of class A and B, and the court heard she had previous convictions for offering to supply class B and C, possession of drugs, and for permitting production of cannabis on premises. Tom Roberts, defending Boast, said his client had been a "long standing" heavy user of cocaine and amphetamine and was using them to self medicate for mental health issues. He said the defendant had little financial advantage from dealing, the proceeds of which went to funding his own habit. Kevin Seal, for Williams, said his client was resolved to make changes to her life in order to assist herself, her family, her teenage daughter and grandson. He said the defendant was "willing to turn a blind eye" to her partner's dealing. 