Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway returned to ITV this weekend and Daisy May Cooper was on hand as the guest announcer. Fans also caught up on episode two of Murder at Bigwig Manor, and the presenting duo spent time with Stephen Mulhern. However, it was one of the show's opening segments which left some viewers frustrated. After Daisy May Cooper played Read My Lips with the hosts, the audience was treated to a new segment called Question Cam. Both members of the audience and members of the public were invited to ask someone else any question they liked. During the segment, an employee was offered a promotion and a child was introduced to a new family puppy. Meanwhile, in the studio, guest Nick was joined by his stepdaughter Rihanna, with no idea why he was on stage. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Ant and Dec said Rihanna had wanted to ask a question for a very long time and in a very big way. As Rihanna took a deep breath, she said: "Nick, as you know, because my father passed away before I was born I have never had a father figure before and a dad to look up to in my life. "I wanted to take a massive step forward with you," she then asked: "Will you adopt me?" Nick answered: "Course I will," as he wiped away tears and gave his stepdaughter a huge hug. Ant said it was a "very beautiful moment" as Nick said: "It means everything, she's an absolute diamond. "I couldn't have asked for a better daughter, it's priceless." While many viewers found this particular moment moving, others slammed the whole segment for being "fake". Elizabeth asked: "Is this real or is this acting #SaturdayNightTakeaway" Don't miss... Claudia Winkleman struggles with Ant and Dec prank  [VIDEO] Ant and Dec 'would have been cancelled’ if they started out today  [LATEST] Ant leaves viewers 'in tears' over Saturday Night Takeaway gesture [DISCUSSION] Ryan Glendenning added: "Nick definitely knows what is going to happen. #SaturdayNightTakeaway" Garry Munro shared: "Why is he tearing up before anything has been said? It's like he knew it was coming #saturdaynighttakeaway" Speaking of the puppy moment, viewers also believed it had been rehearsed or known about beforehand. On The Chaise Longue said: "They obviously knew the puppy was there for ages … so fake." Sah added: "They've definitely seen that dog before hahaha #SaturdayNightTakeaway" However, many fans found Nick's segment in particular extremely emotional and heartwarming. Tash said: "Absolutely gone watching #saturdaynighttakeaway #SNT" with a series of crying emojis. Gemma Wingrove added: "Fricking bawling my eyes out #SaturdayNightTakeaway". Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway airs on ITV on Saturdays from 7pm