Daniil Medvedev has explained why he has “respect” for his next opponent Alexander Bublik, despite the Kazakh often finding himself embroiled in on-court controversy. The world No 46 has previously been slammed for some of his behaviour, including smashing three rackets in a row in Montpellier earlier this year, but Medvedev says he admires Bublik’s “don’t care” attitude. Medvedev and Bublik are set to do battle for the fifth time in the second round of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships on Wednesday, closing out play on day three. The Russian has a 4-0 winning record over the world No 46 but revealed that he was expecting a tough match as he piled the praise on Bublik’s mentality - despite it getting him into trouble on more than one occasion. “Bublik, we know each other since we were probably eight years old, nine years old. Great player,” the third seed said ahead of their second-round clash. “We had some tough matches. Can be tricky, dropshots, tweeners. I like watching him play.” The 25-year-old has often gotten himself into trouble for his actions both on and off the court, previously claiming he “hated” tennis in an old interview while also smashing his fair share of rackets throughout his career - including three in a row at the Open Sud de France last month. But Medvedev was quick to defend Bublik’s behaviour, continuing: “I like that he doesn't care - at least that's what I feel like - what people say against him.”  JUST IN: Djokovic earns easy win over Griekspoor to reach Dubai quarter-final   Medvedev also referenced another one of Bublik’s opinion-splitting moments, where he turned his racket upside-down and hit a shot with the handle during September’s Moselle Open final as he added: “I remember when he played in the final with the frame. I wouldn't do it. It doesn't mean that you have to insult him. “I went on comments, people were going crazy, How can you do this in the final? He's in the final, he can do whatever he wants. That's his choice. No one can argue with this. That's what I really like about him. I feel like he's very - how you call it - special, but there's another word.”  DON'T MISSAndrey Rublev reacts to outdoing Murray antics in Dubai title defenceEvans slams ATP threats to Wimbledon warm-up events over Russia bansDjokovic's old rival talks GOAT debate as 'brother' Federer snubbed When Medvedev was asked whether “unique” was a fitting word, he shared his agreement and confessed that Bublik’s attitude made him respect the 25-year-old. “Yeah, he's very unique. He sticks to it,” he responded. “That's what I like. That's what I respect. I'm looking for a tough match.” And Medvedev could well have a tough battle on his hands as both men are going into the clash relatively fresh with the world No 7 dropping just six games in his opening victory over lucky loser Matteo Arnaldi to earn his 10th successive match win after picking up back-to-back titles in Rotterdam and Doha. Meanwhile, Bublik was leading Alexander Lazarov 6-1 1-0 when the Bulgarian was forced to retire. 