The Duke of Sussex spoke candidly about how he sees his life in the future in a new TV appearance. A pre-recorded segment from Prince Harry's interview with popular comedian and TV personality Stephen Colbert was aired overnight by US broadcaster CBS, and saw the royal answering a set of questions the host of the Late Show normally asks all his guests. The quiz, called The Colbert Questionert, touched upon other issues on what Harry thinks happens after death and what his favourite sandwich is. The Questionert ended when Harry was asked to describe the rest of his life in just five words. After taking a moment to consider the adjective he would choose, the Duke said: "Freedom, happiness, clarity, space, love." This comes as the third anniversary of Prince Harry and Meghan's relocation to California approaches. The Duke and Duchess announced in early January 2020 their intention to step back from their senior roles within the Firm and carve out new progressive positions for themselves. However, talks with core members of the Firm failed to give Meghan and Harry the role they had envisioned, and resulted in the Sussexes losing their royal and military patronages, their taxpayer-funded security and the right to represent the Crown through royal engagements. In mid-March 2020, as the coronavirus pandemic was taking hold of the American continent, Meghan and Harry flew with their son Archie Harrison to California from Canada, where they had been based since mid-November, and were hosted for a few weeks by their friend and Hollywood A-lister Tyler Perry. The Sussexes have since created a new life for themselves in the States, launching an organisation - Archewell - which includes both a non-profit foundation and production arms and striking profitable deals with entertainment giants. READ MORE: Coronation chair gets a revamp as hidden detail shows past From across the pond, the Duke and Duchess have also spoken in various interviews about their difficult relationship with the British media and Firm. Appearing on the Late Show, Harry also revealed his favourite smell is "Meghan", an answer which left members of the audience in awe. Moreover, he didn't hesitate to answer positively when asked if he had ever asked a celebrity for an autograph. Recalling England's victory at the Rugby World Cup in 2003, the Duke said when asked who was the person he wanted the signature of: "The England rugby team in 2003, in the Telsa Stadium at the World Cup Final. "After a few drinks, when getting the rugby top. I was walking around going 'Johnny, Johnny, Mike, Mike, Lawrence, come on some sign my shirt'." The Duke referred to Mike Tindall, who in 2011 married the royal's cousin Zara Phillips, Princess Anne's daughter. Prince Harry's interview with Mr Colbert was filmed in mid-January, as part of the promotional tour of his memoir.