Homegrown tomatoes are tastier than shop-bought ones having had more time in the sun and on the vine. When growing tomatoes, you don’t need loads of plants to get a big harvest - just a couple of plants will produce plenty. In fact, the average tomato plant will produce 18 fruits per plant while other varieties can produce up to 30 per plant. After a tomato shortage at the beginning of the month, now is more of a reason than ever to start growing your own. But growing your own tomatoes can be daunting, especially if you’ve never done it before. Daniel Carruthers, from British greenhouse manufacturers Cultivar Greenhouses, has explained why a greenhouse is the “ideal way” to start growing tomatoes. READ MORE: Laundry expert shares five common ‘habits’ to ‘stop’ making now He said: “Growing under glass is the ideal way to start off your tomatoes, as you can sow your seeds from late February to early March. “Not only will the warmer climate help you get a head start, but also it serves to protect tomatoes from the fungal spores of blight in warm and wet weather.” Tomato blight is caused by a fungal organism and spreads quickly through both the foliage and fruits of tomato plants. It is most commonly seen during wet, warm weather and can cause entire tomato plants to rot and decay. Blight can also spread from potato crops to tomatoes. Don't miss... Stop cats pooping in gardens naturally using 13p kitchen staple [LATEST] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] ‘Number one reason’ gardeners end up ‘killing’ their tomato plants [ANALYSIS] Before you start sowing your tomato seeds, fill pots or trays with peat-free compost and then water them, allowing the water to drain away. Once the compost is sufficiently damp but well-drained, sprinkle your tomato seeds evenly over the surface of the compost and cover them with a thin layer of compost or vermiculite. Then, put the pots inside a transparent polythene bag or put them in a heated propagator. By being covered like this, they won’t be exposed to sudden changes in temperature. The covering will maintain an even temperature which will encourage germination. READ MORE: Gardening expert shares their method for growing ‘big, juicy’ tomatoes Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Heated propagators can be found online for as little as £19. Stewart Heated Propagator costs £19 from B&Q, Garland One Top Electric Propagator costs £19.99 from Robert Dyas and Super 7 windowsill electric propagator costs £39.99 from RHS Plants. Once covered, put the pots in a sunny spot in a greenhouse or on a warm windowsill. The seedlings will need regular watering and fertilising with an organic tomato feed in order to grow healthy and strong. Rather than using water you’ve saved in a water butt, Daniel recommended using water from a tap. The water inside a water butt “could contain disease, potentially affecting germination”. Once your tomatoes have germinated, remove the covering and allow them to continue growing in a warm indoor space. Seedlings can be potted on or transplanted into a larger container when they are at least three inches tall and have their first true leaves The “true leaves” are the second set of leaves that appear on the stem.