Emmerdale's Kyle (played by Huey Quinn) shot and killed Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) with his father Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) taking the blame for it. Cain was banned from seeing Kyle due to his bail conditions meaning that Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) was looking after him and decided to push for full custody. However, she recently gave up her fight after taking into consideration what Kyle wanted and having noticed she had neglected her relationship with boyfriend Matty Barton (Ash Palmisciano). In upcoming scenes, Amy and Matty are delighted as they put their differences behind them and decide to go ahead with their engagement, They break the news of their engagement in the Hide to a somewhat thrown Victoria Sugden (Isabel Hodgins), leaving them concerned as to her reaction. Before long Victoria opens up to Amy and Matty, revealing an encounter with a man on her night out triggered her past trauma over her rapist Lee Posner (Kris Mochrie). Ethan Anderson (Emile John) keeps an eye on her advising her to move on from last night and find someone new. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers Will the news of Amy and Matty's news reopen old wounds for Victoria? How will Amy and Matty react when Victoria puts a damper on their big day? Recent scenes saw Amy feeling that Cain had a malign influence on his son and decided that she wanted to move away with Kyle and Matty for a fresh start. However, she soon backed down on her plan when she realised she didn't want to punish her son for their mistakes. Despite Moira Dingle's (Natalie J Robb) shock, Cain voiced his opinion that Amy and Matty should move away to Belfast with Kyle to give the youngster a fresh start. Amy asked him: "You want us to leave? What about our jobs?" to which Cain insisted: "It would be too hard for Kyle to see me around the village all the time." Moira stepped in and quipped: "Too hard for you, you mean?" Later, Amy brought Kyle around to Cain and Moira's house so that he could visit his father when she revealed her U-turn decision. Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] She told them: "We're not going, I can't take him away from you. We need to do the right thing. "Kyle's entitled to make his own decisions about his future. This isn't me giving into his tears it just doesn't feel right, it feels like we're punishing him for our mistakes." As Cain looked doubtful, Kyle told him: "I know right from wrong, I'm not like you!" before he asked Amy: "So I can live with them? Forever?" Amy replied: "If your dad agrees. You're his idol, Cain. Never underestimate what that means." Wanting Amy to be involved, Cain told her that she can help parent Kyle but only under the condition that she fixed things with Matty. Amy agreed, but things soon backfired when she put her foot in it while explaining why she had been ignoring him. She explained that she "couldn’t deal" with him on top of everything else she was dealing with, leaving him to explode after he was willing to drop everything and move to Belfast with her. He revealed that he had only returned to their home to pack his stuff and needed space to decide whether they had a future together. Getting back together and accepting Amy's marriage proposal, the pair have begun to get excited about their future. Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.