It has been revealed that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were evicted from their Windsor Estate home just 24 hours after the Duke’s bombshell memoir ‘Spare’ hit shelves. Reports claim King Charles kickstarted the process of evicting the royal couple out of Frogmore Cottage on January 11, just a day after the book was released.   The 74-year-old monarch has reportedly transferred the property to the disgraced Prince Andrew, who is reportedly being forced to move out of his current residence, the Royal Lodge, which he has occupied since 2003, the Sun has claimed. A source told the publication, however, that Andrew is “resisting” the eviction from the 30-room mansion in Windsor Great Park. Built in 1801, Frogmore Cottage is part of the Crown Estate and housed the Sussexes when they resided in the UK. However, the couple only lived in the home for six months before quitting their roles as working royals and moving across the pond. READ MORE: Raducanu earns Indian Wells entry boost despite latest illness setback  It has been reported that as His Majesty arranges plans for Andrew to move in, Meghan and Harry are setting the gears in motion for their belongings to be shipped over to the States. Harry's memoir was released on January 10 and received a mixed response, despite breaking plenty of publishing records. A new poll by Redfield and Wilton Strategies for Newsweek found the Duke and Duchess's approval ratings had plummeted since the release of 'Spare'. Commenting on King Charles' move, a royal insider told The Sun: "This surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan's time in the UK." DON'T MISSRussia's 'total collapse surprisingly close' in Ukraine [UPDATE]Meghan 'disappointed' by royal life and 'hated being told what to do' [INSIGHT]Shocking moment teen's car ‘explodes’ during a 100mph police chase [REVEAL]  Omid Scobie, one of the authors behind the biography of the Sussexes, Finding Freedom, said the King's decision came after Harry released his controversial memoir Spare in January. He claims that the couple was told the property was needed for "someone else". Writing for Yahoo, he explained: "It's news, sources tell me, that has left Harry and Meghan stunned, and at least two members of the Royal Family 'appalled'." Express.co.uk have approached the Duke and Duchess for comment.  