Princess Charlene and Prince Albert have showed various different body language traits over the years. Sometimes the couple hold hands in public, while other times they don’t seem to want to be near each other at all - let alone touch each other. Body language expert Judi James analysed the royal pair’s body language on their most recent outing. The couple visited the Testimonio nursery in Monaco for its official opening. Charlene and Albert met with staff at the nursery, and even spoke to some of the children at the establishment. At one point, Charlene crouched to the children’s level while talking to them, and Judi noted that she seemed more comfortable here. The mum-of-two looked shy during the visit, with her clasped hands suggesting “introvert feelings”, according to Judi. But the body language expert claimed that Albert was the more uncomfortable-looking one of the pair. She said: “There is some rather awkward body positioning in these poses, suggesting inner discomfort, especially from Albert. “There is no interaction between the couple here and Charlene seems to stand to the side and slightly behind her husband. “Her hands loosely clasped in front of her torso in a passive look suggests more introvert feelings. Don't miss... Princess Olympia dazzles in £1,700 Prada dress [LATEST] Zara and Mike Tindall raise their kids with 'sense of freedom'  [LATEST] Achieve Kate's 'incredibly thick' locks with 'necessary' tip  [LATEST] “Albert seems to be the one in the spotlight but he looks self-conscious doing so. “His smile looks rigid and forced, and his pose looks equally tense as he stands with his arms at his sides and his hands placed stiffly on his legs, looking like a small child that is trying too hard to impress. “Charlene looks much more relaxed and comfortable crouching right down to the ground to interact with a small child,” Judi added. “Her facial expression warms and she manages a congruent-looking smile of pleasure, stretching one arm out to touch the child on the arm.” READ MORE: Hairstylist shares best cut to make women 'look younger after 50' For the occasion, Charlene looked chic in a trench coat and slim black jeans. Her coat was by one of her favourite brands, Akris. Called the "Emotion" Camel Hair Trench Coat, it is still available to buy on its website for €4,450. This is currently equivalent to £3,943.40. Describing the coat, the designer said: “This camel hair coat has a soft, silk lining that will feel buttery against your skin. “A detachable hood allows you to wear the coat in multiple ways, while a self-tie belt cinches in your waist.” Charlene completed her look with a pair of Dior heels. These were the Cane Heel Navy Suede Pumps, costing €750, or £664.62. A simple shoe with a block heel, Charlene has opted for this footwear many times in the past. Underneath her coat, Charlene seemed to be wearing a black turtleneck jumper and a black scarf. Her hair was styled in its usual chic Pixie cut and she wore minimal, natural-looking make-up.