Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag ignored warnings from former Red Devils manager Louis van Gaal to take the job at the club. The 53-year-old also had to deal with issues caused by Cristiano Ronaldo as he overcame a difficult start to turn around the Old Trafford side’s fortunes within six months. Ten Hag has made a thoroughly impressive start to his spell as United manager with the Red Devils still in the running for an unlikely quadruple. The Dutchman’s greatest success so far came last weekend as goals from Casemiro and Marcus Rashford helped the club to claim the first silverware since 2017. However, things could have been very different had Ten Hag heeded advice from Van Gaal before taking the job as revealed by close friend and confidante Hans Kraay. The 51-year-old played alongside the United boss at De Graafschap and has suggested Van Gaal told him not to take the job in the first place. Kraay has also argued that Ten Hag deserves particular for the way he handled Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portugal captain was a constant distraction throughout the first half of the season after making it clear that he hoped to leave the club, a ‘landmine’ for the Dutchman to deal with. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “Erik deserves this success at United. People do not realise that he had to walk through minefields at United in his first five months,” Kraay told The Mirror. “It was chaos at the club for a start - and there were the mines laid by Cristiano Ronaldo. "Erik went to United because he saw the potential and the challenge. You know what Van Gaal said to Ten Hag, don’t you? ‘Erik, it is one big mess at United, don’t go there’. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes “But Erik did, he did not mind sorting it all out and didn’t mind walking around Cristiano’s landmines. What is great about Erik is that he is down to earth and never wants to be a flash manager like some managers. He is not like Jose Mourinho. When he went into his first day of training, he wanted to go in a van with his own cones in the back. That sums him up.” United fans will be glad that Ten Hag decided to ignore Van Gaal’s advice with their full confidence in the job that he is doing. The Red Devils will continue their quadruple push on Sunday with a huge fixture against fierce rivals Liverpool in the Premier League on Sunday.