Britons across the Midlands have been left baffled as hundreds report a mysterious explosion - with one saying it "rocked the house". The sudden boom has been reported from North Leicester, Northampton, and North Oxfordshire, where a person described it as a "massive bang". Reports have also come from Banbury, Bicester and Oxford. Some have suggested it may have been the result of a sonic boom - when an object moves faster than the speed of sound - caused by a fighter jet being scrambled. It has not yet been confirmed what caused the freak event.  One witness reported on social media that it made the "town centre shop windows rattle". Miles Pulsford, who lives in Leicester, said the loud noise "shook the house" and sounded "like a bomb had gone off". He told the Mirror: "I looked outside and saw loads of birds flying around the trees. A passerby also said she heard it, and her dog jumped."  Stacy Brookfield, who lives in Woodford Halse, Northamptonshire, added to the outlet that she felt the explosion and it made her "jump" from her chair. Most reports suggest the explosion took place just before 12.10pm.  In one clip shared by Shuraj Chotalia on Twitter, dozens of birds can be seen taking to the skies in shock at the noise. An aviation expert suggested on Twitter that the sound was the result of two RAF Typhoons being scrambled to intercept a Dash 8 aircraft heading towards London after experiencing it didn't respond to radio calls. READ  MORE: Fire breaks out on ferry in the middle of the Channel [REVEAL] Aviation Highlights tweeted: "The fighters were reportedly supersonic on their way south from RAF Coningsby." Courtney North, 25, said her whole flat in Stocking Farm, Leicester, shook after the explosion, as did Barry Edwards, from North Leicestershire.  Leicestershire police said: "We have received numerous calls in relation to a large explosion sound heard from various parts of the city and county. We like to reassure you that there is no concern." Northamptonshire Police said: "Police and Fire services in Northamptonshire have received numerous calls in relation to a large explosion sound heard from various parts of the county. We would like to reassure people there is no concern, but thank you for contacting us." 