Glenn Close, 75, would have joined the nearly 40 Hollywood names this evening presenting awards at the 95th Academy Awards, including Nicole Kidman and Antonio Banderas. However, it has been confirmed by a representative of Glenn that she will not be attending this evening's ceremony due to a positive Covid test. Glenn will be unfortunately watching the Oscars from the comfort of her own home this evening after it has been confirmed she will no longer be present at the prestigious awards ceremony. According to Associated Press, she had "tested positive for COVID-19 and won't be presenting at the Oscars as planned". However, the representative did confirm the actress is "isolating and resting", but there has been no word on who will replace Glenn as a presenter. This comes as Glenn was expected to present the Best Picture Award this evening alongside Harrison Ford, with producers now scrambling for a replacement. READ MORE: Bruce Willis' wife chokes up as she talks his 'horrific' health battle This would have been a reunion between Glenn and her co-star in the 1997 thriller, Air Force One. A representative confirmed to Entertainment Weekly: "Yes she has Covid and she is of course required to bow out. "She was very much looking forward to taking part." Variety has since reported press covering the Academy Awards were required to test but did not need to provide proof of vaccination. Those seated for the show inside the Dolby in the orchestra or first balcony also had to test. Glenn is not the only Hollywood star to have been affected by the virus this award season, with Lin-Manuel Miranda having to skip last year's show. Colin Farell, Brendan Gleeson, Michelle Pfeiffer and Jamie Lee Curtis also had to pull out of the Critics Choice Awards following their participation at the Golden Globes the week before. Glenn holds the distinction of the actor with the most Oscar nominations without a win. As of 2023, the esteemed performer has been nominated for an Academy Award a whopping eight times, yet Glenn has never won in her category. Her most recent nomination came with a nod in the Best Supporting Actress category for her performance in the Netflix film Hillbilly Elegy. DON'T MISS... Mick Jagger seen in cheeky cap during outing with two youngest sons [PICS] Olivia Newton-John's daughter still speaks to late mum 'every day' [INSIGHT] Courteney Cox's eyebrows are falling out after 'overmedicated' issue [HOLLYWOOD] Other presenters planned to take to the stage this evening include Jessica Chastain, Hugh Grant, Jennifer Connelly, Samuel L Jackson and Dwayne Johnson. The 2023 Oscars air tonight on ABC, with Jimmy Kimmel returning as the ceremony host. The presenter has been probed since he was confirmed as host on how he will react to Will Smith's slap moment during last year's ceremony. He said on ABC News this week: "I have given it much thought. I know that a million jokes have been made about it, a million think pieces have been written on it… "There has been a lot said about it, so whatever I say has to be I think -- you know, it has to be good. "And I do have some good things to say about it. I think that it’s gonna be on everybody’s mind. "Everybody’s gonna be waiting for that moment. And that will be part of the show, but certainly not the focus of the show." The TV host first hosted the awards show in 2017, which had its own memorable mishap during the broadcast. That year, Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway, who was presenting the night’s final award for best picture, incorrectly announced La La Land as the winner instead of the actual winner, Moonlight.