Turning into Spartacus, isn't it? "No, I'm Lineker!", "No, I'm Lineker!" as presenters and celebs fall over themselves to virtue signal their woke credentials and their "solidarity" with the slightly entitled crisp salesman. Wrighty, Shearer, and Micah lined up, shoulder-to-shoulder - dismaying a slew of wannabe Match of the Day presenters who realised they'd have to do likewise or risk looking unwoke... no matter how much they were drooling over the unexpected chance to present MotD. Oh the heavy responsibilities of the committed snowflake... Talk about first-world problems - try explaining that "solidarity" to a Gdansk shipyard worker under the heel of murderous Stalinist oppression Wrighty. Solidarity was never really a phrase intended to slap privileged millionaires on the back with - however good they were at presenting football shows on the telly. I'm sure comrade Lineker would agree. But here's the thing - even when the BBC gets it right it gets it wrong. Lineker, who let's be honest is something of a Marmite crisp, isn't the problem. And sacking him, ahem I mean allowing Mr Lineker to step back, solves absolutely nothing.The malaise at the BBC runs much deeper and is much more insidious than a big-gobbed celeb. Lineker is precisely that, a celeb. He's not the BBC and, sharp intake of breath, should be allowed to say and think exactly what he wants to. Leaving aside the insultingly ridiculous issue of the BBC's big names being "freelance" ('course they are Auntie... honest Mr HMRC...) no journo worth their salt is ever going to demand censorship - even self-censorship. And frankly nor should anyone else.That old Voltaire chestnut about disagreeing with what you say but fighting to the death for your right to say it should always be front and centre in civilised people's minds.Let Mr Lineker be judged on what he says - not banned from saying it.The problems at the BBC are not his - they are much more institutional. Listen, a long time ago I worked at the Guardian (hey don't hate, my colleague was Julia Hartley-Brewer! Life goes on...). Anyway, although most of the staffers back then seemed to be annoying rich kids playing at working-class heroes, I admired the cut of the Guardian's jib. I still do. It says "we're a left-wing newspaper and if you don't like it sod off!". An admirable, open and honest stance. In truth, I am less angry about this than I used to be because I think the impartiality is SO obvious we're hardly being hoodwinked anymore. Surely no one spending a week assessing the Beeb's news coverage could come to any other conclusion than it's a left-wing news organisation. But back to Lineker. Gary has said some really berk-ish things over the years. But he's a football player - his skill is catching a ball on his right foot on the volley and whacking it into the back of the net.In the same way, you would never listen to a whack-job in his bedroom in Alabama tell you about the Covid virus, or let a man facing rape and human trafficking charges in Romania steer your sexual politics, you'd never let crisp salesman and former greengrocer advise you on Government policy. Would you?