Local councils in England have been given permission to increase their council tax by up to five percent with many authorities set to increase levies by the full amount. Many councils in Scotland are also increasing their council tax by a similar amount. People in England and Scotland can challenge their tax band with the potential to get back payments as far back as when the current band system was set up, in 1993. A woman called Frances recently told the BBC Martin Lewis Podcast she received £3,500 in back payments after challenging her band. She was moved from Band D to Band C and she now pays less council tax, with the reassessment process only taking about six weeks. However, it’s important for Britons challenging their tax band to take two steps, or they could end up being put into a higher tax band and paying more, as well as their neighbours who live in similar properties. READ MORE: Simple change to payments could see you slash energy bills by £254  If a person suspects they are overpaying for their council tax and should be put in a lower band, the first step is to compare their property to neighbours with a similar property. An individual does not need to approach their neighbours to find this out as they can check online. This can be done via the Valuation Office Agency website for properties in England and Wales and through the Scottish Assessors Association website for homes in Scotland. People should be aware council tax bands were reassessed in 2003, while Northern Ireland operates with a different system, with the equivalent of council tax charged through the rates system. Don't miss... Millions on Universal Credit can get cheaper broadband deals [UNIVERSAL CREDIT] Mum hit with fine for claiming free prescriptions without document [FREE PRESCRIPTIONS] Warning as families face £700 bills hike from April [COST OF LIVING] Once a person has established a property similar to theirs in a lower band, they may be tempted to proceed to challenge the band they have been put in. But first they need to find out the value of their property when the band system was set up as this will establish which band they should in fact be put in. A person can work this out by taking the current value of their property and using a calculator to work out what it would have been when the band system was set up. If a person has followed both these steps and they indicate they are in too high a band, they can then contact the relevant authority to ask for their council tax band to be reevaluated. READ MORE: Santander scam warning after customer receives suspicious letter The second step is important as otherwise when a person’s band is reassessed, the authority may decide their band is correct while their neighbours are in too low a band and need to be moved up. Podcast listener Frances told Martin Lewis she was surprised most properties on her street were Band C despite some being terraced, while others were detached. Mr Lewis said in response: “Remember that the bands are broad. You could be at the top of the band and they could be at the bottom of the band, and you could still both be in the same band.” When a property’s tax band is reassessed, it could result in a whole street being moved up or down, so it’s important for a person to be sure they should be put in a lower band and pay less tax. People may also be able to get a discount on their council tax bill depending on their situation. Those who live alone can get a 25 percent discount off their bill while some people are counted as ‘disregarded’ when a council tax bill is calculated for a property. The bill will be reduced by 50 percent if all people who live in a property are counted as disregarded. The Martin Lewis Podcast is available on Wednesdays on BBC Sounds. For the latest money news, follow us on Twitter at @Expressmoney_.