Residents of a cliff-edge village in Norfolk are "upset" after being evacuated in the middle of the night because of a storm surge. Several homes in Hemsby, including some with possessions still inside, were abandoned amid fears they would tumble into the sea. The wooden properties sat on sand dunes are eerily close to the waves which have been creeping closer because of coastal erosion. Coastguards helped residents flee the area on March 10 and watched as patio slabs in some of the gardens fell into the North Sea. Keith Kyriacou, chairman of Hemsby Parish Council, said: "It’s pretty miserable down there. There have been people evacuated from their homes. It’s not looking very good at all." "We just want some help from the Government. We’re in dire state in Hemsby." READ MORE: Lottery winner says £3m jackpot win ended in heartbreak Dan Hurd, 41, Hemsby's lifeboat coxswain added: "A lot of people are upset, they had to get out of their properties last night and some left their belongings - fully furnished houses, food in the cupboard, all there. "One refused to leave but we managed to persuade them to go into a hotel. I think it's disgusting that the Government hasn't signed off on measures that could help prevent this." At least five people were told to leave their homes because of 50mph winds and high tides accelerating erosion For years residents of Hemsby have been working to get a rock berm put in place to slow down erosion. The plan was set for last year but the local government's Marine Management Organisation is yet to sign off on the plans, reported Derbyshire Live. Don't miss... Shocking photos show migrant who wanted to be deported stab student [CRIME] London bus driver sacked for ditching passengers to grab coffee [LONDON] Meghan and Harry to relinquish control if they attend Coronation [MEGHAN MARKLE] Chairman of Save Hemsby Coastline, Ian Brennan said: "We're pleased with the Hemsby Parish Council response to open the village hall to evacuees last night- they are environmental refugees now. "It's good they have a plan and can help people at risk, but the best plan is to not be at risk in the first place and stop houses falling over the cliff edge." Mr Kyriacou warned the homes could plunge into the sea this weekend. He added: "They could go. There’s about two homes that are really critical which could go into the sea. "Once they go and the other set of dunes goes you then potentially open up to a whole load more houses."  "It's good they have a plan and can help people at risk, but the best plan is to not be at risk in the first place and stop houses falling over the cliff edge." According to Norfolk police, they received a request for help from Hemsby Independent Lifeboat crew at 9.20am on Friday. A force spokesman said: “Due to the loss of cliff material in the recent severe weather, we are working with our partners to evacuate properties at risk in Hemsby. “Public safety is always our priority and people should avoid the area.” 