  Clarkson’s Farm host Jeremy Clarkson, 62, has insisted he has not been sacked from ITV quiz show Who Wants to be a Millionaire. The former Top Gear presenter took to Twitter this evening to deny the claims after reports that ITV has made the decision to axe the quiz show.    In view of his 8 million Twitter followers, Jeremy wrote: “So many kind messages about today’s reports. But relax. “Lisa and I have not split up and I have not been sacked as host of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire." Following reports of the show’s imminent cancellation, ITV has come out with a statement. An ITV spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "As we have said for several weeks, ITV is contractually committed to a further series of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (which has now been recorded.)... READ MORE: Phillip Schofield enrages Billie Faiers by being ‘b****y to her'    "There are no further commissioning commitments beyond that currently as is typical with such shows where we make commissioning decisions on a series by series basis. “Therefore for the avoidance of doubt neither Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? nor Jeremy Clarkson have been cancelled.” Confusion was sparked earlier today after a statement ITV boss Carolyn McCall made whilst speaking at Variety's International Media Woman of the Year "We have a contract,” she confirmed. "We’re contracted to this [season], so we will do that and then we have no future commitments."     Jeremy received a huge amount of backlash for his article about Meghan, whom he claimed he “hates on a cellular level”. Moreover, he went on to argue that she should be “paraded through the streets naked” as "lumps of excrement are thrown at her". Following the backlash, it was reported that three female celebrities had confirmed they would not take part in the celebrity version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire. A source told the Mirror: "ITV were left with no choice but to postpone the show. READ MORE... Piers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore' [NEWS] Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [NEWS] Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [INSIGHT]  "The feelings were made very loud, and very clear. "Namely that they didn’t want to share a platform with Clarkson and, in doing so, risk being seen to legitimise his misogynistic comments. “They were appearing on the show to raise money for charity, and they were acutely aware that they didn’t want causes special to their heart to be caught up in any backlash. "It was a no-brainer to be honest, they had to walk away.”    Since Jeremy has broken his silence, the star's followers have been flocking to the comments section to congratulate him. John wrote: "You’re a legend Jeremy! Btw how’s pepper keeping?" While Scotty added: "Glad to hear! Is there going to be a season 3 of Clarkson's Farm? Remember... hate from others, gives you the opportunity to grow your love to the world and especially those who dislike you. Much love." 