A teacher "took advantage of his position of trust" by sexually assaulting eight students, a court heard. Anthony Hook, 62, is alleged to have played with female students’ hair, touched their shoulders and given them compliments for sexual gratification.   A court heard Hook worked at a school in Greater Manchester, which can't be named for legal reasons, between 2001 and 2019. Whilst teaching there, he allegedly sexually assaulted eight students, all of whom were under the age of 16 at the time. The alleged offences came to light when police received a report from one of the victims, reports the Manchester Evening News. The force then later posted a press release on Facebook about Hook and the allegations. Following that, a number of people commented on the post, with a number of victims coming forward to make statements about Hook’s behaviour at the time when they were students. Prosecutor Fiona McNeill said: "The prosecution say this was ongoing, persistent behaviour, and he took advantage of his position of trust. "He was described as inappropriately touching them for his own sexual gratification." She said that Hook was given a warning about his conduct towards pupils in November 2015, but he appeared to have "failed to heed that warning" and continued with the alleged behaviour. She said that he accepts some of the interactions but denies any sexual intent or desire to obtain sexual gratification. He said any comments were designed to simply encourage confidence and boost their morale in school, Ms McNeill added. Hook, of Urmston, Greater Manchester, has pleaded not guilty to 22 offences of sexual activity with a child, and five offences of sexual activity with a child under 13.   Prosecutors allege that the first victim was sexually assaulted by Hook in that he touched her hair, touched her shoulders and touched her breast. In September 2020 she became aware of the Facebook post and the allegations against the former teacher, and commented on the post, and was later contacted by the police. She said that during lessons Hook was "forward" in that he made jokes about her height, commented on her hair, told her she was pretty and said that she was his "favourite student" and "made him happy", the court heard. “He did this to give her more confidence and encourage her to participate more in class, along with two other students,” Ms McNeill said. “He gave her a nickname and asked her to call him ‘Hooky’, told her about his personal life and said he had training in the army. He commented about how much he liked her hair, and played with it, twirling it in his fingers and plaiting it. “He would also tug it when he walked by to try and attract her attention, he would press and squeeze her shoulders as a greeting, hug her and put his arm around her.” At the time, the girl thought it was a friendly gesture and put it down to Hook being a "touchy-feely person", the court heard. He would also bring her food as a "treat" as he was "thinking of her", it was said. She also remembers an occasion where she was walking into a class and as he was walking out of the room, his hand brushed against her breast, she said.  Later, at her school prom, the girl went over to say hello to him, at which point he told her he could see her nipples through her dress, prosecutors allege. She immediately moved her hands up to cover herself, jurors heard. The second victim spoke to the police and said she was first sexually assaulted when she was around 11 or 12 years old. He allegedly touched her hair and her shoulders on at least five occasions, it was said. “She said the defendant twisted her hair around his fingers when she was sitting in class, and he made comments about her which made her feel uncomfortable,” the prosecutor continued. “When she was in year 7 (aged 11/12) he touched her shoulders, he put his arm around her shoulders and it would make her feel awkward.” Mr Hook had a chart in which students would be awarded points for answering questions correctly, the court heard. The girl would get "pity points" for "having nice eyes, hair and name", prosecutors allege. She grew "more and more uncomfortable" and later spoke to a member of staff who took her to speak with Mr Hook, however "things didn't’ change", it was said. Two years later, when she was 13, she described he began rubbing her shoulders again, prosecutors allege.  The third victim came forward after seeing the police press release about Hook, telling officers that he would stand behind her and would stroke her face and her hair, it was said. She said he would rub his fingers through her hair and make comments about her hair being ‘beautiful’, jurors heard. “She thought he was just being nice but realised his behaviour was inappropriate,” Ms McNeill said. “He would play with her hair and when she would take her blazer off he would help her take it off. He played with her hair and made comments about her appearance. She later asked to move sets as she was being made to feel uncomfortable. “After she had moved he recalled that he came to speak to her, telling her he was sad to see her go and gave her a hug.” The fourth victim alleged that Hook would plait her hair, telling her it was a habit and he did that with his daughters. He would come up behind her and "massage her shoulders" which made her feel uncomfortable but she didn’t know what to do about it, the court heard. She said she remembered waiting for a friend when Hook came up to her and put his arm around her and told her "how outstanding she was", prosecutors allege.  The fifth victim alleged that Hook would play with her hair, that he told her how lovely her hair was and called her ‘beautiful’. At the time she thought nothing of it as she ‘remembered him doing it to other girls’ at the time, not realising it was wrong, the prosecutor said. “She didn’t believe she was in danger because she was in a school environment,” Ms McNeill continued. “She described him staring at her and making inappropriate comments which made her feel uneasy. She said he tried to look up her skirt and told her she was beautiful in front of the rest of the class and they laughed. “She also said that at the school prom, the defendant said: “You are my prom date” which caused the other students to laugh and tease her. She also recalled putting a drink in her bag and described him squeezing her hip which made her feel uncomfortable, that he didn’t say anything and just smiled at her. She said it was a ‘weird thing for a teacher to do’.” The sixth victim told police that in one incident Hook allegedly touched her inappropriately on the bottom and made ‘weird eye contact’ with her after asking her about detention.   The seventh victim said that during year 11 (age 15/16) she recalled Hook singing a song about "how much he loved her". He told her he was going to be her "prom date" and told her he loved her, the court heard. “Walking down the hall, he approached her, put his arm around her neck then raised his hand to her cheek and said: “I love your lippy today”, which made her feel uneasy,” Ms McNeill said. “He would try to put his arm around her but she would nudge it off.”  The eighth victim said Hook was a "bit weird", and that on one occasion he hugged her and stroked her face. She told him she "needed to go back to class", and said that she had never been hugged by a teacher before, prosecutors allege. Before the Christmas break, he sat next to her during one lesson, and touched her thigh. She said she asked him what he was doing and said he "laughed" and said he would ‘do anything for her’. She said he would also play with her hair, tell her she was pretty and he loved her, it was said.  Hook was arrested and interviewed by police on a number of occasions, in which he said he "may have hugged them", "may have touched their hair" and "may have asked them to be a prom date". He said he may have made comments but he was "having a bit of fun" and "being friendly", Ms McNeill said. He told officers he was not motivated by a desire for sexual gratification, but that it was to encourage individual students. He added that he had "no idea"  it made them feel uncomfortable.  The prosecutor concluded her opening, stating that despite a warning about inappropriate behaviour between students and teachers, Hook "chose to continue to behave" in that way. “He may have done so under the guise he was being friendly and making himself popular, but we say he was taking advantage and behaving in this way towards female students,” she said. Hook denies offences of sexual assault. The trial continues.