Americans are losing a precious hour of sleep this weekend as the clocks are moving forward once again. But it's not all bad news - one restless night will mean you can enjoy more daylight in the evening over the months ahead. Unsurprisingly, the shift away from standard time is not terribly popular. A small minority of Americans say they like switching backward and forward between standard time and daylight saving time. But most want the powers that be to stop tinkering with the clocks so they don't have to deal with a rude wake-up call in March. The painful move to daylight saving time is officially 2 a.m. local time on Sunday across most of the US. At this point, the east coast of the United States will be just four hours behind the UK - at least until Britons change their own clocks on March 26. Your phone will likely refresh to daylight saving time by itself, but you may want to set your morning alarm an hour later than usual to make up for that precious time lost in bed. No time change is observed in Hawaii, most of Arizona, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, Guam and the Northern Marianas. The annual switch between standard time and daylight saving time puzzles many. But there is some logic behind the clock changes. The "spring forward" to daylight saving time means the sun rises and sets later. This gives the average person more time to enjoy the summer sun when they are more likely to be moving about in the afternoon and not laying in bed with the blinds down. Founding father Benjamin Franklin also believed resetting the clocks would help households save on energy. Don't miss... Daylight saving: How to avoid your sleep being impacted [TIPS] Britons vote keep Daylight Saving Time permanent [LATEST] EU bureaucracy stalls daylight saving time change yet again [INSIGHT] There is some good news for those Americans who don't like switching their clocks twice a year. A bipartisan group of 12 US senators re-introduced legislation last week that would make daylight saving time permanent. In March 2022, the Senate decided to make daylight saving time permanent in a unanimous vote. But the change hasn't progressed since the vote - perhaps because polls show many Americans would prefer to make standard time permanent instead. A poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research found only 25 percent of Americans preferred to switch back and forth between standard and daylight saving time. Forty-three percent said they would like to see standard time used during the entire year. Thirty-two percent said they would prefer that daylight saving time be used all year.