A self-employed tradesman furious with the ULEZ expansion has taken to walking around with his registration plate strapped to his back to deliberately trip cameras and cause a headache for those implementing the fines. Engin Coban says last year's expansion of the ULEZ border to his home in Catford, southeast London, will hit him hard. The 48-year-old man, who has lived there for 38 years and is a handyman, says the border is currently just 100 metres from where he lives, so he already feels the impact of the £12.50 a day charge for non-compliant vehicles. All three of his vehicles—a van, a car, and a motorbike—are not ULEZ compliant, and Engin, who runs his business as a sole trader, has been hit hard already by the ULEZ charges across Central London. He told MyLondon: "I live 100 metres from the current ULEZ border, when the current border was put in place I had to completely change my business approach. I used to work about 90 per cent of the time in Central London. "I changed that when the ULEZ border came in previously, deciding to work on jobs closer to my local area. "I charge £40 an hour, after £12.50 being taken for a ULEZ charge and then congestion charges, I'd be working for free. "But now, the new border will include my local area, what do I do now? Move out of London? Leave a customer base that I have built up over 16 years because I don't want to pay £12.50?" He has been "peacefully protesting" using this method since March 2, aiming to cause more work for TfL by triggering a fine which would then have to be rescinded on review. He said: "Why make their [those working on ULEZ] lives easy when they are making my life hard?" He added: "I've seen people talk about smashing the ULEZ cameras but I don't want to do anything illegal. "But these changes are destroying my livelihood so I thought let me make their lives a little harder. "I'm assuming a computer recognises the number plate now but imagine if thousands of people joined in and overwhelmed the system and did the same thing I did." Discussing the reality of the situation, Engin says that he would have to buy another vehicle to keep his business going as it is his sole income but adds that a new compliant van would cost around £12,500. He adds: "Compliant cars that are second hand have gone up in cost too." Engin says whilst struggling, he has not put his prices up in the last 16 years for his customers, he adds: "I'm struggling, I'm an honest person, I try and do the best I can. "Everyone's costs are going up and if I put my prices up I feel like I'm moving the problem along and I'm being part of the problem. That's not helping anyone." Talking about what his ideal situation would be, Engin says: "ULEZ is a fake tax, it's not about pollution but about money, in my ideal world ULEZ would be scrapped completely." Engin says he hasn't received any ULEZ fines yet. A spokesperson for the Mayor of London said: "Around 4,000 Londoners die prematurely each year due to toxic air, with the greatest number of deaths attributable to air pollution in London's outer boroughs. "Expanding ULEZ to outer London will help five million more Londoners to breathe cleaner air, and improve Londoners' health." An inquest for Ella Adoo Kissi-Debrah in 2013 found that aged just nine, Ella died of a severe asthma attack caused by toxic air - and became the first person to have air pollution on their death certificate. Ella lived with her family, including mum Roasaland and two siblings, near the busy South Circular Road in Lewisham, southeast London. 