The four US citizens kidnapped while travelling through Mexico have been officially IDd, as more details of the moment they were taken emerge. Latavia “Tay” McGee, Shaeed Woodard, Zindell Brown and Eric James Williams had crossed the border in Texas for a cosmetic surgery procedure. The four were shot at after being caught in the crossfire of a gunfight between two groups and have been missing since Friday, March 3. The four were identified by family members. Brown's sister, Zalandria Brown, said: "This is like a bad dream you wish you could wake up from. "To see a member of your family thrown in the back of a truck and dragged, it is just unbelievable.” Brown said her brother and two other members of the group had escorted a friend to Mexico to get a "tummy tuck." The sister of one of the kidnapped men, Zalayna Grant, said she spoke to him the day before the kidnapping after becoming concerned over a dream she had. JUST IN: Mother wipes out family in horrific murder-suicide amid eviction battle Grant said: "I told him I had a dream so I'm just checking on you. That's what I told him on Thursday. On Friday morning, I texted him and I didn't get anything." Tay McGee's mother Barbara Burgess said she had warned her daughter not to go to Mexico but she rebuked her. Burgess said her daughter had reassured her, telling her, "Ma, I'll be okay," before driving to Mexico from their South Carolina home. McGee was scheduled for surgery on Friday and caller her mother minutes before the kidnapping to let her know she was heading to the doctor's office. READ MORE: Massive 15ft shark attacks two swimmers in Hawaii Burgess told ABC News she later tried to contact her again but "her phone just started going to voicemail." The group crossed the border in Texas into the city of Matamoros, which has long been at the mercy of competing drug cartels. On the day of the kidnapping, the US Consulate issued an alert about the risks of venturing into the area because of the growing gunfights rate. Video from the area allegedly captured the moment the group's white mini-van was shot at and the four were abducted. The footage shows gunmen wearing bulletproof vests pushing a woman and a man into the flatbed of a pickup. They then dragged two more men into the car. In an update on the case on Monday, Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said his county's public safety ministry was collaborating with the FBI to locate the four US citizens. DON'T MISS The horror kidnapping that shook a nation  [INSIGHT] Gang kidnapped dad they wrongly suspected of rape and killed him [LATEST] Six month old dies a month after kidnapping [WORLD] "I believe it will be resolved, I hope so," Obrador told the press. US Ambassador to Mexico Ken Salazar confirmed an "innocent" Mexican citizen had died in the gunfight that led to the kidnapping. A witness to the accident told AP she had seen a white minivan struck by another vehicle before shots were fired. The anonymous witness said several gunmen then flooded the scene. She said: "All of a sudden they were in front of us. I entered a state of shock, nobody honked their horn, nobody moved. Everybody must have been thinking the same thing, ‘if we move they will see us, or they might shoot us.’” She said she saw a woman being forced to walk to a pick-up truck and hop on the flatbed while another men was carried by the gunmen. She added: "The other two they dragged across the pavement, we don’t know if they were alive or dead." The FBI has offered $50,000 for the return of the McGee, Brown, Woodard and Williams, and the arrest of the gunmen. White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said the US is "closely following the case" and working with Mexican authorities to secure the return of McGee, Brown, Williams and Woodard. Jean-Pierre said: "These sorts of attacks are unacceptable. Our thoughts are with the families of these individuals, and we stand ready to provide all appropriate consular assistance. "US law enforcement is in touch with Mexican law enforcement. The Departments of State and Homeland Security are also coordinating with Mexican authorities. "And we will continue to coordinate with Mexico and push them to bring those responsible to justice." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews