A “significant” missed opportunity by MI5 to act over a key piece of intelligence might have prevented the Manchester Arena terror attack, the inquiry into the bombing has found. Two pieces of information about suicide bomber Salman Abedi were assessed at the time by the security service to not relate to terrorism.  But inquiry chairman Sir John Saunders said having heard from MI5 witnesses at the hearings into the May 2017 atrocity – that killed 22 people and injured hundreds – he considered that did not present an “accurate picture”. One officer admitted they considered a possible pressing national security concern on one of the pieces of intelligence but did not discuss it with colleagues straightaway and did not write up a report on the same day. In his 207-page report, Sir John said: “The delay in providing the report led to the missing of an opportunity to take a potentially important investigative action. “Based on everything the Security Service knew or should have known, I am satisfied that such an investigative action would have been a proportionate and justified step to take. This should have happened. “Although I accept that Salman Abedi demonstrated some security consciousness and that this might have affected the efficacy of the investigative action that I have identified, there was the real possibility that it would have produced actionable intelligence.”  He continued: “I have looked in detail at the various occasions when Salman Abedi could have been referred to Prevent (counter-terror programme). I have concluded that he should have been. “I heard evidence that his referral was considered at one stage but he was not considered suitable. “There can be no guarantee that Salman Abedi or Hashem Abedi would have agreed to participate in the Prevent programme. “I have concluded that there was at least a period during Salman Abedi’s journey to violent extremism when he should have been referred. “It is very hard to say what might then have happened.”  Home Secretary Suella Braverman said: "Today is a difficult day. On 22 May 2017, an act of pure evil took the lives of 22 people at Manchester Arena. My thoughts are with their loved ones and all those who had their lives changed forever. "Over the past three years, the Manchester Arena Inquiry has carefully analysed critical evidence to ensure vital lessons are learned. "I am grateful to Sir John Saunders and his team for their thorough and considered approach. I am committed to working with MI5, policing and partners to study the recommendations. "Together we will do everything possible to prevent a repeat of this horrifying attack." MI5 Director General Ken McCallum said he is “profoundly sorry that MI5 did not prevent the attack” in the wake of the findings of the inquiry into the Manchester Arena bombing, adding: “I deeply regret that such intelligence was not obtained.”   