Mould and damp are caused by excessive moisture in our properties. The moisture can be caused by issues such as leaking pipes, rising damp or a dodgy roof. However, excessive moisture can also be caused by drying washing indoors, condensation and steam from cooking. More households may have noticed mould due to a lack of ventilation caused by keeping windows and doors closed. With energy bills soaring, many Britons have been using their central heating less frequently to save money and have therefore opted to keep their windows closed which can lead to a lack of ventilation. New research from Uswitch has revealed that 62 percent of people claim to have had an issue with mould in their home at least once. For those looking to banish mould from their homes, Mahira Kalim has shared a natural solution that doesn’t involve using strong chemicals. Sustainable brand, Wave, has spoken exclusively with Mahira Kalim, founder and CEO of eco-friendly cleaning company, Spruce. READ MORE:‘Stubborn’ grease ‘slips off’ of oven glass when using kitchen item According to Mahira, citric acid, which can be found in fruits such as lemons and oranges, is perfect for tackling mould and other problems. She said: “Citric acid can be great for cleaning purposes, whether it's formulated in a product or used as a stand-alone ingredient. “It's effective at tackling soap scum, hard water stains, calcium deposits, lime and rust, and it can help kill bacteria, mould and mildew. “What’s more, it's also great for general disinfecting and cleaning without causing harm to your health or the planet.” Don't miss... ‘Stubborn’ grease ‘slips off’ of oven glass when using kitchen item [LATEST] Remove stubborn ‘green stains’ from your fence with kitchen staple [INSIGHT] ‘Guaranteed’ step to get peace lilies to flower ‘over and over again’ [ANALYSIS] To remove mould, add one tablespoon of citric acid powder per one cup of hot water to a spray bottle and shake well. Spray the solution on the area and leave it for 10 minutes to work. You can give the area a scrub with a cloth or an old toothbrush if the mould is particularly bad. Remember to wear gloves and open a window when using this solution. Citric acid should not be used on natural stone or marble surfaces or on wooden flooring. Avoid using the solution on wood surfaces too as this can damage the wood. Citric acid costs £1.75 from Wilko and £2.25 from B&Q. READ MORE: ‘I’m a professional cleaner - try my shower method or miss out' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Another household essential that can be used instead of harmful, toxic cleaning products like bleach is white vinegar. White vinegar contains acetic acid which has a strong pH of around 2.5. The acetic acid in the white vinegar can disrupt the growth of fungus and other microorganisms. White vinegar can also be used to remove mould from grout and sealant without damaging the materials. There are also other household essentials that can be used to clean other parts of the home. Baking soda, which is also known as bicarbonate of soda, can be used to banish unpleasant smells. The baking ingredient can dissolve dirt and grease and can also be used as a deodoriser. Mahira suggested using baking soda to neutralise unpleasant smells in fridges. She explained: “One of my favourite eco-friendly cleaning hacks you can easily do at home is to make your own fridge deodoriser from bicarbonate of soda and essential oils. “Simply add half a cup of bicarbonate of soda and five to six drops of your favourite essential oil to a small jar and place in the back of your fridge to warn off any nasty odours - it works every time.”