A Met police officer has been dismissed after pleading guilty to a number of child sex offences. A misconduct hearig was held this morning (Thursday, March 9). The hearing concluded that PC Hussain Cherub had breached the Standards of Professional Behaviour in relation to "discreditable conduct". He was dismissed without notice following the hearing. Detective Chief Superintendent Caroline Haines, lead for policing in Enfield where PC Chehab served, said: "Following his criminal conviction it is right that PC Chehab is formally dismissed from the Met. PC Chehab committed the vilest of offences and abused his position of trust in the most despicable of ways. "It continues to be incredibly confronting to see officers convicted and dismissed for such behaviour, however we are committed to rooting out officers who do not belong in our ranks and it is abundantly clear that PC Chehab has no place in the Met. "Some of the offences relating to the making of indecent photographs were committed while PC Chehab was in a role as a Safer Schools officer attached to a secondary school in Enfield between May 2021 and his arrest in August 2021. "As soon as the initial allegations were made against him, PC Chehab was immediately removed from his role while the investigation took place. We have worked closely with the school concerned, and Enfield local authority, to ensure that there were no further unreported safeguarding incidents or missed opportunities.  "A review of the information provided to the Met prior to him joining as a police officer was carried out and nothing was found that could have indicated his offending. "Likewise, prior to starting his role as a Safer Schools Officer he was also subject to further Child and Vulnerable Group Supervision vetting, in line with the current vetting standards for all those who work with children and young people. "While no evidence has been found linking any of Chehab’s offending to his role, we are continuing to work with our local schools, community forums and independent advisory groups to reassure them following the damage his actions will have caused."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @Daily_Express