An “ambitious” model with a “gentle heart” killed herself after battling with anxiety and depression, an inquest has heard.  Family and friends of the 24-year-old described her as "strong-willed" and a "witty, smart, and beautiful young woman". Her mum Katrina said: “Amy was a smart, ambitious, witty young woman with a gentle heart and a lovely laugh. "At 24, Amy had experienced more than most at her age. "She was a resilient, strong, and beautiful girl who had overcome a lot of struggles and made the most of her short life."  She added: "Her family will miss her dearly. We will miss her laugh, her perfect smile, her cheek, her humour, and her bubbly personality. "Although we will never get over losing Amy we will carry on together and keep her memory alive in our home and in our hearts. "We hope that wherever Amy is now she feels at home, safe, loved, healed, and free." The model, who worked on the Babestation television channel where she was known as Chloe Love, suffered from mental health issues. READ MORE: Brexiteer wants to take back control of roads with can the cones Bill  At Ms Gregory’s inquest at South Wales Central Coroner’s Court, coroner Patricia Morgan said: "Amy Louise Gregory, aged 24, had a history of suffering from anxiety and depression. "On 2 January 2022, Amy was discovered at her home. She was declared deceased at the scene." The Sun reports that a fundraising page has since been set up which has raised over £6,500 to help the family of Ms Gregory, who lived in Barry, Wales.  Don't miss... Prince Harry's drug chat branded 'hugely irresponsible' by expert [REPORT] Massive 15ft shark attacks two swimmers in Hawaii [PICTURED] Ukraine rallies defences in final effort to hold Bakhmut from Russia [ANALYSIS] The page says: "She loved animals and she doted on her two fur-babies Bennie and Blanca. "Amy worked as a glamour model and she was a much-loved colleague to her work family at Babestation TV where she was known affectionately as her work alias Chloe Love. "Chloe had many fans and people who cared for her and her bubbly personality brought a lot of light to what can often be a dark industry. "Unfortunately, that light wasn’t always bright enough to shine for Amy all the time and she often struggled with bouts of deep depression." The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org.  