Ron DeSantis is privately telling people he will challenge Donald Trump for POTUS in 2024, reports have claimed. Two sources familiar with DeSantis told The Washington Post that Florida's Governor is privately saying he intends to run for the White House. Despite increased speculation about DeSantis' ambitions, the 44-year-old has not yet made a formal announcement about 2024. The two-time Florida Governor is currently continuing his nationwide tour following the release of his book The Courage To Be Free. DeSantis will touchdown in the early campaign state of Iowa later today. Trump will complete his own pitstop in the Hawkeye State in three days. JUST IN: Chinese rocket carrying three spy satellites into space implodes over US Ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley, who officially entered the Grand Old Party race last month, also visited Iowa in recent days. DeSantis has been tipped to emerge as Trump's main challenger for the race to win the Republican Party's ticket. However, following the ex-POTUS CPAC speech, Trump's ratings with GOP voters have increased again. A recent Premise opinion poll found support for Trump in a crowded field had hit 52 percent, with DeSantis trailing in second on 26 percent. Haley was left languishing behind in third place on seven percent, narrowly ahead of the likes of Mike Pence, Ted Cruz, Liz Cheney and Tim Scott. DeSantis' visit to Iowa will see him appear at events in both Des Moines and Davenport. They will be moderated by Iowa Governor Kim Reynolds. DeSantis, who also visited Ronald Reagan's California library last week, will then jet off to Nevada on Saturday. DON'T MISS: Miracle as girl, 8, kidnapped in 2018 found alive in Mexico [LATEST] Dad investigated leads he 'dreamt up' in 42-year search for daughter [REVEALED] Firefighter’s son, 7, dies in tragic blaze as dad forced to save wife [INSIGHT] The 44-year-old is not expected to officially enter the race until after Florida's state legislative session ends in May. But he has been seen courting Republican support, even hosting a three-day retreat just a stone's throw from Trump's Mar-a-Lago home late last month. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews