Ryan Reynolds has welcomed his fourth child with his wife Blake Lively recently. The Deadpool actor discussed his new baby's name, and his revelation caused a lot of laughter. On stage for Just For Laughs London at London's O2 Arena, Ryan told the audience: "We actually called our daughter Cocaine Bear. We picked the name out before the film was released so we’re involved in a litigation battle now." Cocaine Bear is an action movie starring Roy Liotta and Keri Russell. The action-packed movie is about a 500-pound black bear that consumes a lot of cocaine and goes on a rampage. The joke at the ticketed event prompted laughter from the crowd. The Mirror reported: "Ryan and Rob mainly discussed his career and projects but he touched on fatherhood and, despite using his trademark humour to discuss his children, it was clear he dotes on his offspring - even though he’s considering a vasectomy!” READ MORE: Mum says 4-year-old son 'hates his name' and asks parents if it's too late to change it So, since it's likely not "Cocaine Bear", what are Blake and Ryan going to call their fourth child? Theories have abounded since they shared a pick alluding to their child's birth. Actor Blake shared a picture with Ryan on her Instagram three weeks ago, showing a flat stomach and indicating the birth of their child. She captioned the image: "Puppy Bowl Sunday 2023. Been busy." Some fans speculated about the baby's name in the comments. One Jess wrote: "Lily Bloom is that you?" Another said: "Maybe her new baby's name is the name of one of the old vintage Instagram filters she used on her dishes...? Lily? Apollo? Nashville?" But, the major theory about what name the Hollywood couple with choose hinges on their musical friend Taylor Swift. Taylor Swift is good friends with the couple, and employed Blake to direct the music video for a recent release "I Bet You Think About Me". Taylor has used her friends' children's names as inspiration in her songs before. She named all three of the Reynolds children, James, Inez and Betty in the song "Betty" on her album Folklore. Fans think Taylor's lastest album Midnights has given a clue to Blake and Ryan's fourth child's name, predicting it will be Daisy. This is because name Daisy May appears in the track You’re On Your Own Kid, and is the only name used in the lyrics. Another theory, however, is that the songwriter was refering to Daisy Mae from comic series Li'l Abner.