Daniil Medvedev has detailed who he fears taking on the most on the tennis court, and it is not world No. 1 Novak Djokovic. Djokovic has reinstated himself as the dominant figure in men’s tennis, returning to world No. 1 and recently being crowned Australian Open champion. World No.6 Medvedev though has claimed it is Djokovic’s long-time rival Nadal who he is scared of facing on the Spaniard’s signature surface, clay. Throughout his career, Nadal has announced himself as the ‘King of Clay’, most notably dominating the French Open, having won the event 14 times. When asked at the Indian Wells Masters who was a tougher opponent - Nadal on clay or Djokovic on hard court - Medvedev responded: “I didn’t play Rafa on clay. Rafa on clay is probably the worst and best challenge in tennis. “When I say ‘worst’, it’s because he lost, what, I don’t know, 10 matches? I’m not even sure he lost 10. I mean, last years he was losing a little bit more in tournaments like Rome and Monte-Carlo. “But, yeah, I will be honest, I’m scared to play Rafa on clay. In a way I want to try it, and for sure I will fight to win, but that must be scary to go out against Rafa on clay.” Medvedev recently faced off against Djokovic and secured an impressive victory over the Serbian, defeating him in the semi-finals on the way to the Dubai Desert Championship title. Afterwards, the Russian paid respect to his great rival, who he has lost nine times to on the ATP Tour. “Novak, I managed to beat him a few times, he added. “But again, that’s two guys who have 22 Grand Slams. Don't miss... Emma Raducanu smiles before refusing to divulge injury after victory [LATEST] Andy Murray caught in umpire quarrel after receiving time violation [LATEST] Federer lists tennis priorities with Wimbledon set for disappointment [LATEST] “Yeah, I would say, you know what? Novak in Australia is tough. I would say I lost probably four times against him, four or five there. Didn’t win once even though some of them were close battles, especially the ATP Cup or the first time I played him in the Australian Open.” Having secured the title in the Middle East last week, Medvedev will no doubt be looking to go back-to-back at Indian Wells. He got his tournament off to the perfect start on Saturday, defeating Brandon Nakashima, and will now face Ilya Ivashka in the round of 32. 