Casemiro's red card on Sunday means he will have missed eight matches through suspension in his first season at Manchester United. Erik ten Hag will have to do without the influential Brazilian for domestic action in the coming weeks. Casemiro's arrival last summer was questioned by many onlookers. A fee rising to £70million seemed a lot for a player who was 30 at the time. He was given a four-year deal to take him to the age of 34. But he has proved many people wrong with his immediate influence on the United side. Casemiro was crucial to the Red Devils ending their six-year wait for a trophy, scoring in the Carabao Cup final win over Newcastle. However, suspension is causing him to miss far more matches than Ten Hag would have accounted for.  Read more... Football news LIVE - Man Utd face nervy wait, Liverpool eye £62m deal [BLOG] He was given a straight red card on Sunday for a tackle on Southampton's Carlos Alcaraz. It was his second red card of the season. Casemiro was given his marching orders during the second half of United's 2-1 win over Crystal Palace on February 4. Replays showed he put his hands around the neck of Palace midfielder Will Hughes and VAR recommended he was sent off. Casemiro was given a three-match ban, missing both Premier League games against rivals Leeds United. The final match of his suspension was against Leicester on February 19, which United won 3-0. He returned to domestic action against Newcastle at Wembley and put in a man-of-the-match display. He featured in the subsequent FA Cup win over West Ham and the 7-0 demolition by Liverpool before his red card against Saints this weekend.  Don't miss... Man Utd make decision on Pellistri future as Greenwood latest emerges [REPORT] Lineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [NEWS] Liverpool's four options to replace Klopp to become three after talks [OPINION] Because it is Casemiro's second red card of the campaign, the suspension has been upgraded and he will miss the next four domestic matches. The ban starts with the FA Cup quarter-final against Fulham this Sunday. Casemiro will then sit out of the Premier League matches away to Newcastle on April 2, at home to Brentford on April 5 and the visit of Everton three days later. That means he will have missed seven matches this season due to being sent off. However, he was also unavailable for the trip to Arsenal in January because of suspension. He picked up a fifth yellow card of the campaign in the 1-1 draw at Palace and was forced to watch on from the sidelines as his team lost 3-2 in dramatic fashion at the Emirates. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 