Online travel agent, loveholidays, looked at the cheapest destinations for a summer holiday. There’s plenty of summer inspiration among the bargain hotspots. READ MORE: Flight attendant shares ultimate tip to get 'royalty' treatment Tunisia was revealed as the cheapest destination for a summer holiday in 2023, with Bulgaria close behind. The North African country has several stunning beach resorts for British holidaymakers to choose from. One of the country’s best-rated beaches on Tripadvisor is Hammamet Beach, which is known for it white sand. A tourist wrote on the review platform: “Feels miles apart from European beaches, reminds me of the Caribbean. Don't miss... London airport first to scrap 100ml liquid rule [LATEST] Ryanair booking could cost passengers £115 - how to avoid [WARNING] Mexico holiday warning as American tourists kidnapped [LATEST] “The soft, white sand is so beautiful to look at, and the pale blue tinted water is crystal clear and so inviting. It’s a lovely and relaxing beach, it feels safe, and is so close to many attractions.” loveholidays currently has a deal available for Tunisia for just £373 per person for seven nights travelling from Bristol with easyJet. Bulgaria was the cheapest holiday destination in Europe and in summer, one of the country’s most popular spots is Sunny Beach. The Black Sea seaside resort has plenty of water sports options and a buzzing nightlife scene. READ MORE: ‘Beautiful’ British beach is loved by the Royal Family Morocco took third place on the list. Holidaymakers can choose to relax at a beachside hotel or explore one of the country’s cities. Marrakech is one of the country's top destinations and holidaymakers can explore its world famous souk. Malta came in fourth place on the list. The island was one of Queen Elizabeth II’s favourite destinations and has some of Europe’s best beaches. The late Queen spent some of her early married life there and had fond memories of the sunny island. Al Murray, chief marketing officer of loveholidays, said: “We know how much people are valuing great holidays at low prices this year and summer getaways can still be affordable without compromising on experience. “Our analysis revealed Tunisia as the top destination for budget-friendly breaks this summer. It offers a mix of food, music, dance and scenery, making it a great option for a cultural getaway. “We negotiate with our suppliers to get the best possible deals for our customers, making going on holiday more accessible. “We’re on a mission to make it easier to relax and unwind without breaking the budget, a key priority for many Brits this year.”