TV chef Nadiya Hussain has become one of the most successful winners of The Great British Bake Off after she won the sixth season. According to Celebworth, her net worth is estimated to be in the region of $5million (£4.1million). The 38-year-old has built her wealth through multiple cookbooks and television shows as well as multiple children’s books. It is reported that the chef lives in Milton Keynes, a popular commuter town, just a short distance from London. It is reported that Nadiya Hussain lives in Milton Keynes along with her family including her husband, two sons and their daughter. Before making the move to the Buckinghamshire town, the family lived in Leeds, where Nadiya said they moved several times in pursuit of a better life for the children. Sharing her story on her official website, the GBBO winner said her “life has changed considerably” since wowing the judges nearly eight years ago. She wrote: “We made the biggest long jump and moved south. I have since been so busy my feet have not touched the ground. READ MORE: ‘Essential’ steps to keep warm without turning the heating on “I don’t know if I can still call myself a stay at home mum anymore but it feels like I am still one with the added bonus of doing the most amazing job.” Milton Keynes, which is located just 54 miles from London’s Charing Cross station, is a popular city and the largest settlement in Buckinghamshire. At the 2021 Census, the population of the urban area was just over 256,000, although Milton Keynes is a large area. Estate agents, Yopa, recently released its annual report rating the top 10 commuter towns, and Milton Keynes finished ninth in its research. Don't miss... The key front door colour to ‘increase’ your house price by 36% [EXPERT] Seven ‘must-know’ tips for storing bedding to prevent mould and mildew [COMMENT] Households urged to perform ‘simple’ cost-free job to keep heat in [INSIGHT] It’s no wonder the city has become a popular place to live in recent years, as properties in the area had an overall average price of £355,830 over the last year, according to Rightmove. This is considerably cheaper than other areas along the commuter belt, including central London. Rightmove said the majority of sales in the city during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £566,747. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £324,195, while terraced homes fetched £289,571. READ MORE: Houseplant pro shares 4 ‘perfect’ plants which need ‘little’ watering Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Overall, sold prices in Milton Keynes over the last year were five percent up on the previous year and seven percent up on the 2020 peak of £332,541. There is also lots to do in the area, from visiting Bletchley Park to visiting the large shopping centre, with popular high street shops under one roof. Residents can also enjoy the great mix of urban and rural living with plenty of walks around the nearby countryside. Nadiya regularly shares glimpses of her gorgeous home on Instagram, where she has nearly one million followers. From DIY shelving to her gorgeous deep green living room, Nadiya said she loves decorating her home. Her living room featured dark green walls with mirrors to one side, with a large console table next to a comfy armchair. The kitchen is also extremely impressive, with cream sleek cabinets and an electric hob on an island alongside state-of-the art cooking equipment. As well as showing off her home, Nadiya often shows off her delicious bakes on Instagram too, sharing recipes on her website.