Anna (played by Bar Paly) and Callen’s (Chris O’Donnell) big day is edging ever closer but in the sneak peek for NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 instalment Shame, it’s clear the two aren’t on the same page. Callen and Anna sit down with wedding planner Tara Walker (Rosanna Pansino) to go over what they want from their wedding but when Anna drops the bombshell her father Arkady (Vyto Ruginis) is set to play a vital role, Callen’s not happy. The sneak peek opens with Anna and Callen arriving at Tara’s office where she begins to reel off her spiel: “Marriage is between two people. “I truly believe that it takes both of your involvement to give the perfect expression of your love. So, what have you come up with so far?” “Well, we’ve been talking about it a lot,” Anna replies as she’s clearly ill-equipped to answer before branding the ordeal as “overwhelming”. Tara then insists the two put all of the burden onto her so she can help but Anna and Callen both appear to be stumped for answers as to what they want. READ MORE: NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah leaves fans in tears with Kensi farewell “As she says, we’ve been talking about it a lot. We don’t have a theme,” Callen says, which catches Anna off-guard. Anna jokes the two could have a “western” theme with “cowboy boots” as the two bicker over what their wedding will look like before Anna insists: “We never talked about a theme!” Tara spots the tension and tries to move the conversation onto the pair’s priorities for the big day, although their conflicting approaches come into play once more. Anna emphasises “presentation” is top of her to-do list while Callen stands firm on his desire for “security”. “You weren’t at Kensi (Daniela Ruah) and Deeks’ (Eric Christian Olsen) wedding,” Callen points out to Anna as Tara once again scrambles to try and get the engaged couple on the same page. After assuring Callen and Anna the wedding will be “very safe”, Tara asks if they have an “officiant in mind”. This is when Anna blindsides her other half by revealing: “Actually, my father expressed interest in becoming ordained in order to perform the ceremony.” Callen fails to mask his bemusement at Anna’s revelation while Tara enthusiastically beams: “How special! It’s becoming more and more common to have a friend or family member do so. DON'T MISS:NCIS' Timothy McGee actor Sean Murray talks future after show finishesNCIS LA's Marilu Henner drops disappointing update on Kilbride and exNCIS' Rocky Carroll says there's 'a chance' Tony and Ziva will return “And it adds such a heartfelt and personal element to the ceremony,” she adds before Callen interjects and turns to Anna to ask: “Arkady?” “It would mean a lot to him,” Anna says but Callen clearly isn’t on board with the idea as he repeats: “Arkady?” “Do you have somebody else in mind?” Anna probes to which Callen answers: “Anybody else.” Tara interrupts and reached for a pair of clipboards so Callen and Anna can write everything they desire down rather than verbally. But given Callen’s clearly not keen on Arkady officiating their nuptials, will he be able to deter Anna from the idea before their big day? Or could the denial of Arkady officiating prove too big an obstacle for the pair to see eye to eye on and throw their entire big day into doubt? With season 14 marking the end of the series, the pair’s wedding day will have to take place before the series ends so fans will have to sit tight to see what exactly will happen and whether or Arkady’s interruption could prevent Callen from saying: “I do.” NCIS: Los Angeles season 14 continues Sunday on CBS in the USA and Sky Max and NOW in the UK.