Donald Trump has insisted Fox News host Tucker Carlson "doesn't hate him anymore" after bombshell text messages were released during a defamation lawsuit. The text messages were made public amid a $1.6billion false-claims lawsuit against the conservative network from Dominion Voting Systems.  Writing on his social media platform Truth Social, Trump said: "He doesn’t hate me, or at least, not anymore!" The 76-year-old uploaded the post alongside an article which claimed Carlson "brings the truth about January 6 to the American people". Carlson started airing footage from the day of the insurrection in Washington after he was handed the tapes by Republican House Speaker Kevin McCarthy. The conservative TV host was condemned by Democrats, the chief of Capitol police and the family of an officer who died during the insurrection.  Nine deaths have been linked to the incident and more than 1,000 people have been charged, with hundreds convicted. The riot came after Trump supporters attended a rally held by the 45th POTUS just a stone's throw away from Congress. Carlson previously voiced excitement about Trump's departure from the White House ahead of January 6. Sending a message on January 4, 2021, he said: "We are very, very close to being able to ignore Trump most nights. I truly can't wait." READ MORE: Sunak faces brewing Tory rebellion as MP says she won't vote for 'horror' migrant bill The 53-year-old added: "I hate him passionately." However, Carlson's decision to release the January 6 tapes has created a further wedge between the Trump dynasty and Republican Party. Donald Trump Junior lashed out against Mitch McConnell after the Senate Minority Leader voiced his displeasure with the presentation at the Capitol earlier this week. McConnell said: "It was a mistake, in my view, for Fox News to depict this in a way that’s completely at variance with what our chief law enforcement officer here at the Capitol thinks." DON'T MISS: Alec Baldwin's gun from Rust set shooting destroyed by New Mexico [LATEST] GOP warn Joe Biden's Budget could 'kill US economy beyond repair' [REVEALED] Senator Mulling fumes with Teamsters chief O'Brien in fiery clash [SPOTLIGHT] Trump Junior replied: "With Republicans like Mitch McConnell, who needs Democrats?" He added: "He says he’s upset with the way that Fox News and Tucker Carlson depicted what happened because it’s in contrast with what the head of the Capitol police said in a report? Are you kidding me? Are you insane?" Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews