Amanda Holden boasted that life was all peaches as she wore all orange from head to toe, even down to her chic pair of heels. However, seconds later, she admitted that the button had come off in her hand during a visit to the toilet, leaving her navigating a deeply embarrassing moment. Taking to Instagram Stories to share her latest chic outfit with almost two million followers, she detailed the accident. "Now it's Tuesday and life might not always be peaches and cream, but it could just be peaches!" she suggested, gesturing towards her outfit. "I just love block colours. I have everything completely matching including a coat!" the Heart FM host continued. Explaining that the outfit was from Reiss, she pointed out the top section's details such as "little slits on the sleeves" and recommended fans pair it with a dark denim wardrobe item. READ NOW: Jeremy Clarkson hits back over Diddly Squat farm shop pricing claims The 52-year-old fashionista then chuckled: "These trousers - they kind of remind me of slacks like my nan used to wear, but obviously - hopefully - a bit cooler!" Referencing the subtle flare at the bottom, she assured viewers that they remained "super comfy, and nicely fitted". Then the blushing star admitted: "I did just go to the toilet and pull off the button - but I'm sure you'll have more luck!" Not to be deterred, she'd simply stashed it in her pocket and continued to strut around showing off the eye-catching fashion items.  Two days earlier, she'd revealed that she was having a spring wardrobe refresh with TV presenter Davina McCall. The pair have been involved in a campaign together for fashion brand JD Williams, and it gave Amanda the opportunity to showcase her toned pins ahead of the forthcoming spring weather. Amanda's radio show had been offering fans the opportunity to win £1000 to spend on the brand, while she showcased one of the best items from the new collection - a blazer dress in her favourite colour - mint green. The Britain's Got Talent judge posed in a publicity snap alongside Davina and praised her "great energy", perhaps in a nod to the strong fitness element of her brand. DON'T MISS... Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’  [LATEST] Nicola Peltz gushes of love for mum-in-law Victoria Beckham at show [PARIS FASHION WEEK] Louise Redknapp denies she sought fame after Strictly and Jamie split [INTERVIEW]  Amanda has been rocking numerous great outfits on her nights out on the town too in recent days. At the press night for Shirley Valentine last week, a one-woman show starring ex-Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps star Sheridan Smith, she wore a cleavage-baring black dress, also believed to be from Reiss. However, when it came to catching the Merchant of Venice press night days later, she covered up in a more sedate - but no less chic - pinstripe suit. The radio and TV host, best known at the moment for her antics in Sicily with Alan Carr, has vowed she'll never stop trying to be fashionable and sexy, no matter how old she gets. She's insisted that she wants men to wolf-whistle at her well into her 60s. With comments circulating that declare her legs as "the best around", there's no doubt that many fans feel she's at the top of her game, despite recently entering her sixth decade of life. Meanwhile, Alison Hammond, 48, has announced that Amanda has been instrumental in teaching her about embracing her sex appeal. The This Morning host joked to Notebook magazine: "She taught me how to show a bit more leg!"