Erik ten Hag believes Bruno Fernandes can take his game to the next level if the under-fire Manchester United midfielder learns to control his emotions on the pitch. And the Dutchman has admitted he holds regular talks with Fernandes about not losing himself during matches. Fernandes put his Anfield horror show behind him with a man of the match performance against Real Betis in the Europa League on Thursday. But Ten Hag believes there is untapped potential in the Portugal international if he can keep his passion in check when under pressure. “For Bruno emotion is his weapon but sometimes it is too strong and yes of course I help him and support him and give him feedback,” said Ten Hag. “Sometimes he has to show more control of emotions that will help him to stay in the right ratio in a game instead of the emotion. “He has to fight the balance to be in the ratio when to use the ratio as a tool and when to use the emotion as a tool. That is the next step. That is a nice development and when he does he will be an even better player.” Don't miss... Carragher tells Tottenham it 'makes sense' to sell Kane to Man Utd [OPINION] Fernandes set up two and scored in United’s comfortable 4-1 win which helped to put their miserable 7-0 defeat to Liverpool behind them. But the United captain was also a touch fortunate to stay on the pitch after catching Betis goalkeeper Claudio Bravo in a rash second half challenge. Ten Hag acknowledged that he allows his passion to get the better of him on occasions. But he also saluted a superb performance from his captain just days after the Portuguese was heavily criticised for his Liverpool display. Former players including Gary Neville had torn into Fernandes after a second half at Anfield featuring constant moaning at team-mates, a lack of tracking back and feigning injury. Some had even suggested he should be stripped of the captaincy, a suggestion Ten Hag had dismissed out of hand. Must read... Erik ten Hag has four-man shortlist and 'wants to sell misfiring star' [TRANSFERS] Man Utd risk angering Ten Hag as Harry Maguire plan comes to light [GOSSIP] Man Utd icon Beckham made view on Glazers clear on Old Trafford return [THROWBACK] And the United manager was delighted with the response he got against Betis. “He showed big personality by giving this performance and leading the team,” he said. “He has so many skills but I am very pleased with his captaincy. “He has given the team energy he is not only getting the physical output of the best of the whole team. But he is running in the right direction but he is coaching players and leading the team in a tactical perspective. He was the best player out there.”