Flight attendant and TikTok user @cierra_mistt explained that passengers can easily get bumped to First Class if they play their cards right: "The miracles we can work when we are given some Starbucks or a pack of chocolate," she revealed. The crew member said that "especially on those long days when we have back-to-back flights and we don't even have time to go get some food" it is really nice to receive some chocolate, sweets or takeaway drinks from the passengers. However, she added that travellers should also be nice to the crew: "One of the easiest ways to get a free upgrade is literally just being nice to your gate agent and flight attendant." Matt Nicholas, a TikTok user and experienced traveller, explained that he often uses this hack saying: "Hint: Starbucks gift cards are a hit." Interestingly, this is a practice most cabin crew members follow to get better treatment when they fly other airlines. READ MORE: Travel expert explains the five foods to avoid before a flight  Flight attendant Miguel Muñoz told Express.co.uk that when a passenger brings "Toblerone or Cadbury Dairy Milk Buttons" from the terminal, he is "automatically nicer" to that person. "The cabin chief would always offer them free coffee and tea and if there are better seats available, we will move them!" he added. Former flight attendant Dave Anica also shared this tip on his TikTok channel and said that it always works for him. He explained: "This is a good tip as well if you guys want an upgrade or whatever, always give something to the crew, they will treat you like royalty." Don't miss... Cheapest destination in Europe is an 'underrated jewel' [HOLIDAYS] Flight attendant says 'throw bottle under bed' to stay safe in hotel  [TRAVEL HACK] Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade [TRAVEL HACK] Passenger and social media user @theONLYallan said that this "works" when flying on a plane with "empty seats - you’ll get unofficially upgraded". Flight attendants will only be able to upgrade a passenger to First Class if seats are available, otherwise, they will offer them freebies or better Economy seats. Most low-cost airlines don't have a First Class cabin, so the crew will likely give travellers the seats in the emergency exit rows where there is extra legroom, and will offer them free tea and coffee. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' But how can you approach the cabin crew on your flight? Former flight attendant Helena Afroughi shared the best way to do this. She said: "What always works is when people bring some sweets to the crew, chocolates or whatever. And they make themselves known, don't just give it and run away. "Usually, people do it as a thank you but I've seen it more with people that have family working as crew so they appreciate the crew more. "Like if someone brings chocolate or something we ask them if they are crew because we automatically think it's because of that." Helena explained that when people do that, "the cabin chief would be like 'Make sure you go and ask them if they want coffee or tea' because we can give it for free". She clarified that passengers can not get anything from the snack bar, but they will be offered water, tea, coffee and even a free snack or hot meal. It is important to note, however, that passengers should not stay in the galley for too long. Don't do it "unless the conversation is flowing", she warned, as some passengers "sit there and talk forever". "And after that, just ask away. If you ask nicely and kindly it's rare that a crew say no," she said. "Airlines have their own rules regarding freebies but it doesn't hurt to ask, you never know."