Liverpool owner John Henry has hinted that his club will not be splashing too much cash over the summer, despite their need for a shakeup. The Reds are desperate to bring in reinforcements in midfield at the end of the season, though those plans have now taken a hammer blow. Jurgen Klopp’s side cruised to a 7-0 win over Manchester United on Sunday in a historic victory, with Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez and Roberto Firmino getting on the scoresheet. The win moves Liverpool up to fifth in the table, three points outside of the Champions League spot, though that should not overshadow how underwhelming their campaign has been so far. The Reds look desperately in need of some fresh faces in the dressing room, with Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham reportedly top of their shopping list for when the transfer window opens. However, with speculation building that a fee of approximately £130million will be required to prise the England international away from Signal Iduna Park, Liverpool may be forced to amend their plans. Owner Henry has revealed to the Liverpool Echo that his side will continue acting concisely in the upcoming windows rather than spending big. He explained: “We’ve seen many football clubs (including LFC previously) go down unsustainable paths. We have and will continue to focus our attention on investing wisely in the transfer market and we remain incredibly proud of our squad. “At the same time, we continue investing in our training facilities, our main stand and currently the Anfield Road stand. These are all physical reflections of our resolve and how very seriously Fenway Sports Group takes its responsibilities for this great club.” The news will come as a major blow to Klopp and supporters who were hopeful of watching a rejuvenated midfield at Anfield next season. Though the interview will be music to the ears of Manchester City, Real Madrid and Chelsea, who are all very keen on Bellingham and are financially capable of luring him to the Premier League. Dortmund boss Edin Terzic attempted to play down speculation that his No 22 would leave the club at the end of the season in his recent press conference when asked about the growing interest, saying: “With all the respect for Jude and his performance, we have been answering this question since he joined. He chose to join us because he knows this can be the perfect step for him and I think we’ve proven that both ways. “He’s helping us a lot. But I also think we, as a club, are helping him and his career as well. We’re really happy and delighted that he’s part of our team. He’s one of our leaders aged 19 and he stepped through to the English national team as our player. This is something we’re really happy with.”