Sky Sports left Roy Keane red-faced by broadcasting some of the Manchester United legend’s pre-season predictions about Arsenal and Fulham. Both teams, who meet on Sunday, are exceeding all expectations this season. Arsenal could jump five points clear of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League if they beat Fulham. While the Cottagers are knocking on the door of European qualification having won promotion to the top-flight last season. It is a remarkable difference from how Sky pundit Keane thought the season would play out for both teams. The broadcaster poked fun at the Irishman in the intro to their coverage of Sunday’s Premier League action. Speaking at the start of the season, Keane - like many pundits - did not believe Arsenal would be anywhere near predicted title challengers Man City and Liverpool. Making no mention of Mikel Arteta’s side, he said: "In terms of winning the league, Liverpool and City, I can’t see beyond it." Don't miss... Blackburn's mind-blowing reason for rejecting Zinedine Zidane [FLASHBACK] Additionally, Keane predicted that Fulham would struggle under Marco Silva this season. The West Londoners were comfortably relegated in 2020-21 but bounced straight back into the top-flight. "Fulham - I fear for Fulham,” Keane said. “The Premier League is so strong now." Sky also repeated a prediction by fellow pundit and former Man Utd player Gary Neville, who said Arsenal and his old side would not get near City or Liverpool. Neville said: "I don’t feel that any of the other teams, United and Arsenal, are in a position to get close to the top two." Arsenal are instead flying at the top of the Premier League. The Gunners came from 2-0 behind to beat Bournemouth 3-2 last weekend in a major message to City ahead of a tense run-in. Don't miss... Arteta gives spicy response after Arsenal celebration investigation [QUOTES] Arteta makes three changes to Arsenal XI v Fulham as injuries mount up [ANALYSIS] Haaland's crazy Man City admission shows Arsenal reality of their task [QUOTES] It comes as Arteta hit out at critics of Arsenal’s wild celebrations following Reiss Nelson’s 97th-minute winner against the Cherries. Every Arsenal substitute and member of staff joined the on-pitch celebrations in chaotically joyful scenes. Asked if Arsenal have plans to rein in their celebrations, Arteta said: “None. If you win in football you celebrate.” The FA launched an investigation into the celebrations after Chris Kavanagh included them in his report of the game. However, Arsenal will face no punishment. Arteta said: “Well, [if] you want passion and emotion there is nothing better than scoring goals and winning football matches. So if not, you go to church. For sure, I won’t be telling the players not to celebrate on Sunday.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE