Beyond Paradise returns to BBC One with episode three and Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) is tasked with tracking down a stolen masterpiece. Elsewhere, Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) is getting used to working with her ex at her new restaurant. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Terence Witham appears to be involved with the gallery and he is played by Rufus Jones. The 47-year-old English actor and comedian is known for his role in the group Dutch Elm Conservatoire. His other TV credits include Hunderby and The Casual Vacancy, as well as Holy Flying Circus. He is married to Philippa Allam and has two children. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity Louise is played by Pooky Quesnel, otherwise known as Joanna Gabrielle Quesnel. The 57-year-old is an actress, screenwriter and singer who performed in Humphrey Carpenter's Vile Bodies band. She has also written scripts for the shows Doctors and Family Affairs. The star's TV credits include The Confessions of Frannie Langton, Ralph & Katie, The A Word and True Dare Kiss. Isla appears to be involved with a group of protestors who are calling for the real painter's identity to be revealed. She is played by Annette Badland, a 72-year-old actress known for her roles in Doctor Who, Midsomer Murders and EastEnders. The star was nominated for the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her performance in The Rise and Fall of Little Voice. Her most recent credits include Big Boys, Ted Lasso and Silent Witness. Don't miss... 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [LATEST] Beyond Paradise bosses 'nearly didn't get' huge guest star  [INSIGHT] Death in Paradise star addresses Beyond Paradise cross-over  [INTERVIEW] Archie met Martha through family friends and their pair ended up getting engaged a long time ago. Martha was shocked when Archie turned up at her new restaurant, proposing to be junior partner. He is played by Jamie Bamber, a 49-year-old actor known for his role in Battlestar Galactica and Law & Order: UK. The star is married to actress Kerry Norton and they have three children. The official synopsis for episode three reads: "The peaceful community of Shipton Abbott is rocked when beloved painting the Solo Mare disappears in a seemingly impossible heist while plans are in motion for its appearance at an exhibition. "The theft is even more perplexing given the artwork was under the guard of PC Kelby Hartford at the time. "Kelby feels responsible and Humphrey pulls out all the stops to recover the priceless piece." Meanwhile, Humphrey is trying to come to terms with Martha's ex walking back into her life.  Beyond Paradise airs on BBC One on Fridays at 8pm.