HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has confirmed there will be an extension of the voluntary National Insurance deadline to July 31, 2023. As such, taxpayers will now have more time to fill in gaps in their National Insurance record and boost their state pension payments. Originally, the deadline was supposed to end on April 5, but growing concerns have led to a change of action. Victoria Atkins, the financial secretary to the Treasury, outlined why the Government has made this decision. She explained: “We’ve listened to concerned members of the public and have acted. “We recognise how important state pensions are for retired individuals, which is why we are giving people more time to fill any gaps in their National Insurance record to help bolster their entitlement.” READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Specifically, older Britons with gaps in their National Insurance record from April 2006 are being encouraged to take advantage of this deadline extension. Under this change, any payments made will be at the lower 2022 to 2023 tax year rates. Taxpayers have been able to make voluntary contributions to any incomplete years in their National Insurance record between April 2006 and April 2016. This is to increase their state pension entitlement for when they retire as those on the new state pension need 35 years of National Insurance contributions to get the full amount. DON'T MISS More to follow... With this move from the Government, thousands of taxpayers with incomplete years in their National Insurance records are likely to be better in retirement. However, they will need to voluntary National Insurance payments to top up any incomplete or missing years to take advantage of this potential state pension boost. All taxpayers can go onto GOV.UK to check their record, get a state pension forecast and make contributions. It is also possible for someone to check their National Insurance record, via the HMRC app or their Personal Tax Account. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing As of March 2022, some 3.4 million people on the basic state pension did not get the full amount they would have been entitled to, according to the Department for Work and Pensions. Some 805,000 people do not get the full new state pension, which is around 55 percent of those who get this payment. It should be noted not everyone will receive less in retirement than the full new state pension because of gaps in their National Insurance record as some taxpayers were contracted out before April 6, 2016 However, these Government figures are indicative of how many people might be able to benefit from making these top-ups, according to Quiler’s head of retirement policy Jon Greer. He explained: “Someone with ten missing years could pay a little over £8,000 to fix the gaps and boost their state pension income by £55,000 over a typical 20-year retirement. “If you have one or two years missing, then this might only cost you in the region of £1,400 but within just a few years of retirement, you’d make your money back and more. “If someone isn’t sure whether they have any gaps in their record the first thing to do is to go on gov.uk and use the ‘State Pension forecast” and see how much state pension you’ll get based on your current record and how much you will get if you work up to your state pension age. “If you aren’t predicted to get the full amount (currently £185.15 a week) it can check for gaps in your record.”