Andy Murray got caught up in an exchange with chair umpire Mohamed Lahyani when he received a time violation while returning Radu Albot's serve. The Brit claimed he quickly went to his towel after the lucky loser hit an ace and continued the quarrel at the changeover, where the official said he "had no choice" as it was the second time Murray took too long. Murray is facing Albot in his second round match in Indian Wells after the Moldovan got into the draw as a lucky loser when 15th seed Pablo Carreno Busta withdrew. Albot was serving at 2-3 in the second set when he fired an ace, after which Murray went to wipe his face with his towel and returned to the baseline. But he ran out of time after such a quick point from the lucky loser and received a time violation, approaching the umpire's chair to question the call. The former world No 1 shrugged at the decision and explained: "I walked over there, I wiped my face and then I walked back." Addressing the official, Murray added: "Mohamed, come on." But when Lahyani explained that he had taken five seconds too long while Albot was already ready to serve, the world No 55 said the umpire started the clock too fast after such a quick point on the ace. Just in Emma Raducanu survives injury scare to upset Linette in Indian Wells [LATEST] Commentator Robbie Koenig then said: "Yeah, the previous point was an ace so it was quick, right? And Albot went across, was ready to serve. Andy has probably got about 15 seconds. Those 15 seconds do belong to the returner and if the server is beginning to serve, then the returner gets the time violation. "And I think the point [Murray was trying to make] was, it was an ace." Murray could then be seen momentarily discussing the call with his team when he next went to use his towel, and continued the conversation with Lahyani at the next changeover. Don't miss... Emma Raducanu puzzles pundits with physio calls as treatment 'refused' [RECAP] Raducanu getting on 'very well' with new coach as key role also noted [OPINION] Nadal drops comeback hint as video footage emerges of tennis regime [UPDATE] The current world No 55 continued to explain that he wasn't left with enough time after the ace but was told that it wasn't the first time he ran over. "Andy, it was the second time you did it," Lahyani responded. "I had no choice, two times you did it in the same game. There was two times you went there." But Murray managed to regroup and won the first set 6-4 a few games later.