Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp reportedly has a 'long shopping list' consisting of nine players heading into the summer transfer window. In previous years, Liverpool have tried to keep their summer business to a minimum with Klopp favouring the idea of longevity in his squad. But their issues on the pitch this season have highlighted a need to change things up in the summer, particularly in midfield. Thiago Alcantara remains the only midfield signing Liverpool have made since 2018 and complacency appears to have been an issue this year, as well as fatigue. Both Fabinho and Jordan Henderson have been far from their best while Naby Keita and James Milner look set to leave as free agents. But it's not only in midfield where Liverpool may look to do business this summer with defensive recruits also said to be on their list of priorities. Joe Gomez and Joel Matip have both struggled to build up any momentum when called upon while Ibrahima Konate has suffered from numerous injury setbacks this year. It's been widely reported that Liverpool will be expected to spend big this summer in overhauling Klopp's squad. And Sky Germany claim there are nine names on Liverpool's 'shopping list', including RB Leipzig star Josko Gvardiol. The Croatia international is seen as one of the most exciting defensive prospects in world football and clubs all over Europe are expected to battle for his signature. He's not the only central defender on Liverpool's wishlist with the report adding that both Evan N'Dicka and Jurrien Timber are being considered by the Reds. N'Dicka is set to become a free agent this summer and is being linked with a move to Arsenal while Timber came close to joining Manchester United last year. Don't miss... Man Utd questioned over Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba decision [LATEST] Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brought back down to earth by ex-Reds star [LATEST] Liverpool owner worries fans with transfer tip amid Bellingham links [LATEST] It's in midfield where Liverpool are expected to make at least two new signings though and that's reflected in their long list of supposed targets. Along with Jude Bellingham, Liverpool are said to be monitoring moves for Edson Alvarez, Ismael Bennacer, Ruben Neves, Youri Tielemans and Nicolo Barella. Chelsea saw a £43million deal to sign Alvarez collapse last summer and looks set to force through an exit this time around. Premier League duo Neves and Tielemans have long been linked with a move elsewhere and the latter is set to leave Leicester as a free agent this summer. Both Bennacer and Barella have earned rave reviews for their performances in Serie A over the past few years and Liverpool will unlikely be alone in expressing an interest in the two.