Mike Pence has given the strongest indication yet that he plans to throw his hat into the ring for the 2024 presidential election. Former Vice President Pence has been tipped challenge Donald Trump for months, touring pivotal states to test the waters and ramp up support. Speaking at the Gridiron Club's annual dinner on Saturday, Trump's former VP said he would certainly support the GOP nominee "if it's me." He said: "I will wholeheartedly unreservedly support the Republican nominee for president in 2024. If it's me." Mr Pence entertained guests with a few pops at Joe Biden's age and mocked Transport Secretary Pete Buttigieg, saying he is the "only person in human history to have a child and all the rest of us get port partum depression." But the mood quickly turned sour as the former vice president turned the focus on former boss Donald Trump and the ongoing Capitol riot investigation. The Indiana Senator slammed the former president for his "reckless words," saying he endangered his family with his vitriol. READ MORE: Silicon Valley Bank seized by regulators after run on deposits caused lender to collapse He said: "I was not afraid, I was angry. President Trump was wrong. "I had no right to overturn the election and his reckless words endangered my family and everyone at the Capitol that day. "And I know that history will hold Donald Trump accountable." In the days leading up to January 6, 2021, Trump pressured Pence to overturn President Joe Biden's election victory as he presided over the ceremonial certification of the results. Pence refused, and when rioters stormed the Capitol, some chanted that they wanted to “hang Mike Pence.”  Mr Pence also ripped into attempts to portray the January 6, 2021 storming of the Capitol as a "peaceful" protest overblown by the mainstream media. Fox News anchor Tucker Carlson this week shared footage allegedly dismantling claims Trump supporters acted overly violent on the day of the riot. But Pence said: "It was not as some would have us believe a matter of tourists peacefully entering the building. "Tourists don't injure 140 police officers... tourists don't break down doors to get to the Speaker of the House or threaten public officials." He added: "Together here, for as long as I live, I will never ever diminish the injuries sustained or the lives lost or the heroism of law enforcement on that tragic day." DON'T MISS Joe Biden calls Trump ‘maybe future president’ in major budget speech [VIDEO] Donald Trump dealt big blow as Mike Pence refuses to back his old boss [INSIGHT] Biden’s support for Ukraine under threat, new polling shows  [SURVEY] Pence has been somewhat estranged from Donald Trump after the end of his tenure in the White House. His remarks were the sharpest condemnation yet from the once-loyal lieutenant who has often shied away from confronting his former boss. Trump has already declared his candidacy. Pence has not, but he's been laying the groundwork to run. In an interview with AP last year, he said: "I think we will have better choices in 2024. "I’m very confident that Republican primary voters will choose wisely.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews