Since its launch Clarkson’s Farm has highlighted the real issues being faced by farmers today. Viewers have watched as Jeremy Clarkson attempts to turn a profit on the thousand-acre Chipping Norton farm he renamed Diddly Squat because of its money making potential. However, the fact that Clarkson himself isn’t a farmer means mistakes are bound to be made and beady eyed farmers have taken to a farm forum to point out something they all noticed. It seems the former Top Gear host and his farm manager Kaleb Cooper have been making a pig’s ear of applying his cow’s ear tags. Taking to a farming forum, one cattle farmer explained: “Like many i am really enjoying Jeremy Clarkson’s new series and taking my time to make it last lol. “However am i the only one noticing #kalebcooper putting the calves eartags in the wrong way round.” (sic) “Not only one. I noticed that too," (sic) another poster agreed. READ MORE:Nick Knowles put on so much weight he got stuck in Grand Canyon A third said: "I said to the other half he put the tags in backwards." Meanwhile a user called Glow Worm had a lot to say about the show despite being a fan of Clarkson. “Love him or hate him, you have to acknowledge he's a wonderful ambassador for farming to anyone totally ignorant about farming,” they wrote. "Ok, he dosnt make it clear enough that there is no way he could afford to do everything he's doing on his farm if he didn't have another income stream but its such an entertaining hour at the end of a long day .. although ...has anyone seen the episode of them eartagging new born calves in the pen with sukler dam still in pen with them?” (sic) However not everyone was critical with some saying there’s no ‘right and wrong way’ to put on the tags, with some even saying by doing it the ‘wrong’ way, you can actually see what you’re attaching easier. One poster wrote: "At least they are in the ear, not missing or ripped. Some folks have too much time." However, one member of the group warned: "So many cattle with ripped ears because put in the wrong way." It is a legal requirement to attach two ear tags to every calf when they are born. READ MORE:BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges [INSIGHT]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILERS]Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [INSIGHT] They help identify each animal and to prevent and control the outbreak of disease. The reason for the double tagging is in case one is ripped off, as sometimes happens. According to The Farming Advisory Service the "female side of the tag should be on the on the inside/front of the ear with the male part entering from the back of the ear". This helps protect the tag from being ripped off, as the bulkier part isn’t as easily accessed. Clarkson’s farm manager Kaleb Cooper recently revealed the shockingly low wage he takes from raising his own cows. “When I'm feeding my calves, I bought eight calves, it's a little bit of a new business idea that I'm doing,” he said. “And then you feed them on milk which costs me about £200 a calf and then selling them at nine months, trying to get a profit, trying to see if it will work you know. “But, I worked out the other day how much my hourly rate is. I pay myself 50p an hour so then I can make money. But if I put myself at £10 an hour I don't make money, I lose money on the calves.” Clarkson's Farm seasons 1 and 2 are available to watch on Prime Video.