The body relies on B12 to maintain healthy nerve cells, and produce DNA - the body's genetic material. Though a shortfall of B12 isn't generally a serious illness, it can become one if left untreated for too long. In one report, several patients who endured years of drenching night sweats were all found to have one vitamin deficiency in common: B12. According to the Cancer Therapy Advisory, the clinical manifestations can be broken into several stages. In the first stage, levels of vitamin B12 in the blood simply decrease. Stage 2 describes a "low concentration of vitamin B12 in the cell and metabolic abnormalities," explains the health body. In the following phase, homocysteine levels and MMA start increasing, while DNA synthesis decreases, resulting in the onset of neuropsychiatric symptoms. READ MORE: A vegan diet could raise your risk of four deficiencies Don't miss... The sign when going to the loo linked to severe vitamin B12 deficiency [INSIGHT] Woman, 42, misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder [INFORMER] Five hidden signs you could be deficient in ‘crucial’ vitamin B12 [INSIGHT] The final phase is characterised by macrocytic anaemia, a blood disorder where the bone marrow produces abnormally large red blood cells. According to a 2022 report published in the National Library of Medicine, the presentations of macrocytic anaemia are dependent on the cause. Vitamin B12 patients frequently complain of mood disturbances and neurological problems that affect memory, balance and other sensory symptoms. Doctor Justine Butler, Head of Research at Viva!, said: "Deficiency can cause serious problems and symptoms including extreme tiredness, pins and needles, muscle weakness, depression and cognitive problems." In 2015, the European Journal of General Medicine reported four cases of vitamin B12 deficiency patients "whose presenting features were drenching night sweats and fatigue". The first case was that of a 57-year-old man referred for assessment of three to four years' history of "drenching night sweats" needing replacement of bed sheets almost on a nightly basis. "The sweating involved only the upper portion of his body from the top of the head to mid-chest around the levels of the nipples and seems to be worse after drinking alcohol," noted the authors. READ MORE: Tinnitus could be a sign of a vitamin B12 deficiency - expert After receiving treatment with vitamin B12 supplements the patient reported a dramatic response to sweating. In a similar case, a 74-year-old woman reported 10 years of episodic sweating that also require frequent changes of clothes and sheets. Her vitamin B12 was diagnosed on the basis of elevated homocysteine levels and she also saw improvements with monthly B12 injections. The third case was that of a 43-year-old man who presented with a four-month history of night sweats primarily "affecting head and face". Though hyperhidrosis is a less widely discussed side effect of the condition, it accompanies small-fibre neuropathy. The report explains that changes in the peripheral autonomic nervous system may be some of the earliest manifestations of small-fibre neuropathy. Humans have traditionally sourced vitamin B12 from [...] farmed animals who got B12 from water and unwashed food. With so many animals now confined in factory farms, being fed animal feed as opposed to grazing, many farmed animals are now given B12 supplements, explained Doctor Butler. Those who choose to exclude animal-based products from their diet may benefit from taking supplements with the guidance of a qualified healthcare provider.