Harry Kane has described the FA Cup defeat to Sheffield United as “a dagger through the heart”. He believes it killed off Tottenham's season long before the tepid 0-0 draw against AC Milan that ended the north London side’s hopes of picking up a single trophy for yet another campaign. And it leaves the club with just the hollow chase for fourth spot to have anything at all to show from their season. Just over a week ago, Spurs were still fighting on three fronts until an embarrassing FA Cup exit against weakened Championship side. Kane fears it was a mortal blow that ultimately led to the players being booed off the pitch after their Champions League exit. “Where we are at as a club, we should be winning trophies,” Kane said. “That's always the aim. “To be brutally honest, I don’t think we deserved to win. Now the top four being our only target is a consequence of not playing as well as we want to play. “Now that's all we can fight for so that's going to be the goal and hopefully we can achieve that come the end of the season.But for sure, it's not enough for this club.“I totally understand the fans’ frustration. They have the right to voice their opinion. The last week especially just hasn't been good enough.“Before the Sheffield United game, the season could have been a whole lot different. You go through there, you take that momentum into the league game at Wolves and this game - suddenly it’s different.“But I feel like that loss last week put a dagger in our hearts and as you can see we haven't really recovered from that. Don't miss... Richarlison calls out Conte in angry rant over 's***' Tottenham season [LATEST] Tottenham mocked for £1bn stadium flaw as fan shares AC Milan view [PHOTO] Conte runs out of excuses after Spurs' Milan loss as Pochettino looms [COMMENT] “For me, we just lack a little bit of hunger and desire to get onto the scoresheet, to be better and to make sure we are affecting games.“It is not enough at this level just to be on the pitch and play half-decent and not affect the games. That is kind of where we are at at the minute.“We have got to be more effective, especially in the final third. We are getting into good positions but we are just not taking control of that.”Fundamentally, Kane fears the current team lacks quality in those key areas.“It's hard to put a finger on it,” he said. Especially over the last week we've lacked quality in key moments against teams that we've had good opportunities against.“Not just opportunities where you're one-on-one with the keeper but opportunities where you're in a good position on the pitch and we need more from all of us. “To be more direct, more clinical. The last three games we haven't scored a goal and that's not good enough. You can't fault the effort of the players. We're trying, we're training but we're just lacking something.“We've talked about mentality before and that ruthless hunger to be better, to be the best, to be one of the best teams in Europe. We just haven't quite found that yet."