The Queen Consort rushed into Westminster Abbey clutching her bright blue hat as strong winds wreaked havoc on her outfit for the annual Commonwealth Day service on Monday afternoon. She quickly headed into the Abbey to take shelter from the weather, leaving her husband King Charles to be greeted by members of the Ngati Ranana London Maori Club outside. She wore a striking sapphire blue wool crepe dress and coat by Fiona Clare with a feather beret by Philip Treacy - which she almost lost in the wind. The 75-year-old took on a supportive role alongside King Charles III at his first Commonwealth Day service since the death of his mother, The Queen. Throughout her record-breaking reign that spanned seven decades, the King stood by his mother as she acted as Head of the Commonwealth. Last year he stepped in and led the Commonwealth Day Service on the Queen's behalf as she was unable to attend due to ill health. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan would ‘make step in right direction’ with Coronation visit In his speech, the King paid tribute to his mother, and said: "Commonwealth Day was an occasion of particular pride for my beloved Mother, The late Queen — a treasured opportunity to celebrate our Commonwealth family, to whose service she dedicated her long and remarkable life. "In succeeding Her Majesty as Head of the Commonwealth, I draw great strength from her example, together with all that I have learnt from the extraordinary people I have my throughout the Commonwealth, over so many years." Charles spoke of how the Commonwealth has been "a constant in my own life" and spoke of its "near-boundless potential as a force for good in the world" before moving on to discuss the globe's most pressing issues. Speaking from the Abbey's Great Pulpit, the King said: "This week marks the tenth anniversary of the Charter of the Commonwealth, which gives expression to our defining values - peace and justice; tolerance, respect and solidarity; care for our environment, and for the most vulnerable among us. "These are not simply ideals. In each lies an imperative to act, and to make a practical difference in the lives of the 2.6 billion people who call the Commonwealth home. READ MORE: Princess Kate mesmerises in Diana's sapphire earrings at Commonwealth Day Service today  "Whether on climate change and biodiversity loss, youth opportunity and education, global health, or economic co-operation, the Commonwealth can play an indispensable role in the most pressing issues of our time. "Ours is an association not just of shared values, but of common purpose and joint action." The Service this afternoon marked an important day for the King, with royal expert Christine Ross noting how Camilla would have been a key support to him.  She told Express.co.uk: "Queen Camilla's unwavering support is likely a huge comfort to the King during these many 'firsts' events since his mother's death." Noting the Commonwealth Day service as "a staple in the royal calendar", Ms Ross added: "As this is King Charles III's first year as a sovereign, it is likely to be a very emotional service this year.   "Every annual event without Queen Elizabeth II is a reminder of her passing, and of her historic legacy". Speaking of Charles, Ms Ross added that Charles will have been "emotional in the lead up to this event", but "very conscious of forging his own path in his role".  She continued: "While Elizabeth II was known for her unwavering duty and remembrance of the past, Charles III looks to the future". She concluded by stating that the King will be looking at how he can "utilise the monarchy" and "adapt to a modern world and support the Commonwealth as a whole". The Commonwealth Day service is an annual event, that typically takes place on the second Monday in March. Also speaking to Express.co.uk, royal expert Marlene Koenig described the Commonwealth Day service as "bittersweet" for the King. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry face fresh royal row as Archie and Lilibet 'not invited to Coronation' She added that the King, who was only four when his mother took on the role as Queen, has always been "supportive" with anything involving the Commonwealth, and has been "acutely aware" that the coutries within the Commonwealth are changing. Ms Koenig added: "The King and Queen will continue to support and respect the Commonwealth and its endeavors. "I would expect that the late Queen will be remembered, perhaps even be honored during the service." Don't miss... POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [POLL] King Charles likely to completely snub Prince Harry in his will [LIVE] Meghan to relaunch blog as 'whingeing' Sussexes fight to stay relevant [LATEST] Last month, Camilla was forced to take a step back from royal duties after testing positive for Covid. It was the second time that the 75-year-old has been struck down with the illness after first testing positive almost one year ago. Camilla, who is fully vaccinated, made her first royal appearance the following week, appeaing in high spritis alongside the King at an event at Clarence House.