The mother of slain Kayla Hamilton raged at the Biden administration as she called on the federal government for a border fix. An unnamed 17-year-old El Salvador national was charged last month with Kayla's murder and rape. Records have since emerged showing the boy was arrested at the border four months before Kayla's death but was allowed to stay in the US and move in with an aunt close to the murder scene. Tammy Wilson insisted her daughter's suspected killer should have never been allowed in" in the first place. Nobles said the teenager had crossed the US-Mexico border in March 2022 and was arrested by Border Patrol agents in Texas. A police officer from the Aberdeen Police Department, which has conducted the investigation into Kayla's murder, confirmed he had indeed been apprehended after entering the US. However, the boy was later released and allowed to move in with an aunt living in Maryland. READ MORE: Woman, 20, raped and strangled to death by 'MS-13 member who crossed border as minor' Nobles said: "Everyone should know how he got here — all the people involved that led up to her death, I think they all should be responsible. "Kayla was just a happy little girl that wanted to live life, and it was taken. She wasn't doing anything. "She had two jobs. She was trying to figure out life being autistic." The 17-year-old, who has been indicted for Kayla's murder after his arrest in January, has since been linked to the international criminal gang Mara Salvatrucha, also known as MS-13. But while he was confirmed to have been on a list of suspected gang members, the minor still slipped through the system as the US experiences an overwhelming influx of migrant arrivals. Nobles said: "He should have never been allowed in." Hamilton had moved to her new home in Aberdeen, Maryland from her native Norfolk, Virginia to live with her boyfriend. She had just landed a job at a Sephora warehouse nearby and had turned 20 only three days before she was brutally assaulted and murdered. DON'T MISSSimple and cheap air fryer recipe to make the perfect burger at home [INSIGHT]Man kidnaps woman and threatens to kill her after she sold his AR-15 [ANALYSIS]Man ‘casually’ shoots homeless man on street in broad daylight [VIDEO] The 17-year-old murder suspect had only recently moved into the couple's spare room in their mobile home. Kayla returned home on July 27 after an overnight shift and went to bed as her boyfriend left for work. He came home later that evening to find the 20-year-old dead. Police said she had been strangled to death with a phone charging cord. Nobles said Kayla attempted to call her boyfriend at the time of the attack but he did not pick up. Aberdeen PD officers later found a voicemail that recorded the moment the suspected murderer killed her. Nobles said: "It was him strangling her. Two minutes and 30 seconds." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews