Cathy (played by Gabrielle Dowling) initially opened up to Bernice Blackstock (Samantha Giles) about her heavy periods and decided to go on the contraceptive pill. At first, Bob (Tony Audenshaw) was furious but soon realised it was needed in order for his daughter's health. However, official Emmerdale spoilers reveal that Cathy is still acting out and could be walking down a dangerous path in front of her family's eyes. In upcoming scenes, Brenda Walker (Lesley Dunlop) reminds Bob not to let the B&B interfere with his responsibilities to Cathy. But he quickly becomes distracted and fails to pick up on Cathy’s spiralling behaviour. The kids are off to a gig but Cathy has no intention of being chaperoned by Wendy Posner (Susan Cookson) which she is not happy about. She decides to put her own plans into action and begins to drink recklessly when the teenagers and April Windsor (Amelia Flanagan) are concerned by Cathy’s reckless behaviour. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers When she puts her own life in danger and Bob realises she needs proper help. Will Bob take her behaviour seriously and take matters into his own hands? Could her spiralling behaviour have devastating consequences for the family? Even forcing them to leave for the time being? Will Bernice be the one to step in and take Cathy away from the stresses of family life in order to get her the right help? Bob and Cathy have been coming to blows recently, with the teen often taking her anger out on him. He recently asked his daughter if she could stay elsewhere whilst he made the finishing touches on the remodel of the B&B. Cathy felt so betrayed by Bob's actions and was left questioning why her emotions keep spiralling out of control. At the end of the week, Cathy was full of worries and tried once again to explain things to Bob but again ended in an all-out shouting match. As Cathy sobbed, Bob expressed: "You have always been feisty. Ever since you were little, far feistier than Heath. You are your mother's daughter, and her mood swings were legendary." Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT ] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] "Well, lucky for you I don't want to come to your stupid opening if you paid me £100, thanks dad for making me feel great about myself," Cathy fired back. However, some viewers were adamant that there was another underlying issue aside from her heavy periods which were sending her into fits or rages. Jackie Clarkson shared: "I wonder if there's something more than just heavy periods behind Cathy's ridiculous behaviour." Maria McCann tweeted: "This can't be just periods FFS! #Cathy #emmerdale." (sic) While Ben Powell theorised: "I thought Cathy was actually going to attack Bob then, cud it be leading up to this? She’s wild! #emmerdale." "Cathy go on a killing spree! You will feel sooooo much better," Doreen Morfitt penned. (sic) "Cathy's issues seem more #Pmdd than normal #pms. I used to fly off the handle like that at the drop of a hat." (sic) Does Cathy need professional help if she is going to keep a good relationship with her father? Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.