Lewis Hamilton has pointed the finger at Mercedes engineers for not listening to him last season. The seven-time champion has demanded the team “own up” and admit their current concept was wrong after failing to take his advice.  The British F1 ace stressed he “knows” what a car needs and that he had previously pushed Mercedes in a direction to solve the problems. He told the BBC’s Chequered Flag podcast: “Last year, I told them the issues that are with the car. “Like, I’ve driven so many cars in my life, so I know what a car needs, I know what a car doesn’t need. And I think it’s really about accountability, it’s about owning up and saying ‘yeah, you know what, we didn’t listen to you, it’s not where it needs to be and we’ve got to work’. “We’ve got to look into the balance through the corners, look at all the weak points and just huddle up as a team, that’s what we do. READ MORE: Toto Wolff accused of 'kicking' Mercedes engineers 'in the whatnots' “We’re still multi World Champions you know, it’s just they haven’t got it right this time, they didn’t get it right last year, but that doesn’t mean we can’t get it right moving forwards.” The comments are among the most incendiary from Hamilton since Mercedes' struggles began last year. The remarks also appear to go against Mercedes’ no blame culture which team boss Toto Wolff has previously opened up on. Hamilton’s views came as the German manufacturer continued to lack pace to the leaders in Sakhir. The 38-year-old finished the race P5 with the squad seemingly the fourth fastest team behind Ferrari and Aston Martin. DON'T MISSRussell adds to sombre Mercedes mood with new reality for Hamilton [INSIGHT]Wolff and Mercedes 'benefitting from Alonso beating Hamilton' [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen has outdone Hamilton and Schumacher after Bahrain GP [COMMENT] lewis hamilton After qualifying on Saturday, Wolff stressed the team would be ditching their current model for something new after accepting defeat. The chief said the team “got it wrong” in 2022 but stressed the team believed they could solve their issues by sticking to the plans. However Wolff admits this “didn't work out” and tasked his mechanics with finding a new solution. He said: "I don't think that this package is going to be competitive eventually. "We gave it our best go over the winter and now we all just need to regroup, sit down with the engineers, be totally non-dogmatic and ask what is the development direction we want to pursue in order to be able to win races. “We hit our targets. That's why I say we gave it our best shot. But the moment comes when the stopwatch comes out and that showed us that we are not good enough. At this team we blame the problem not the person.”