Richard Williams broke his silence in a rare interview to defend 54-year-old Will Smith, who notoriously slapped comedian Chris Rock at last year's Academy Awards. The incident sent shockwaves across the entertainment industry, but Richard has shown his support for the I Am Legend actor. Speaking in an interview which aired on Monday's instalment of Good Morning Britain, Richard said he "didn’t feel sorry" for comedian Chris who was at the receiving end of the Oscar slap. Having recently recovered from several strokes and a series of health crises, Richard added: “I’ll always stand by [Will]. “I think he has done the best thing he needed to do, but I would never be disgusted with Mr Smith. Matter of fact, I appreciate Mr Smith.” When the 81-year-old was asked if he thought any wrongdoing occurred at the Oscars, he said: “I don’t see nothing wrong with that.”  READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction'  He also said “I don't feel sorry for no one” in relation to Chris and stressed, “it’s time for everyone to forgive Will Smith”. The 81-year-old even suggested the violence was justified because of Chris Rock’s inappropriate joke about Smith’s wife Jada Pinkett Smith. “I’m 81 years old but when I was about 51 years or younger, I almost killed any damn one, so I think Mr Smith has done a great deal not to," Richard added. He went on to call for Will's ban from the Oscars to be lifted so the actor could attend upcoming ceremonies.    Reflecting on Will's portrayal of him, Richard concluded: “I’ll say my message to Mr Smith right now. Thank you very much for being so good-looking, so handsome!” Chris addressed being hit at the Oscars at the end of his stand-up show Selective Outrage, which was streamed on Netflix on Saturday live from the Hippodrome Theatre in Baltimore. “Everybody knows, yes it happened, I got slapped a year ago – I got smacked by this mother*****r,” he said. “And people are like, ‘Did it hurt?’ It still hurts. I’ve got Summertime ringing in my ears.” DON'T MISS...Prince Harry and Meghan to be ‘shoved in a corner’ at coronation [UPDATE]GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [INSIGHT]Kate Garraway shares horrendous costs of Derek's care [LATEST]    Will slapped Chris in the middle of the ceremony after the comic joked about Will's wife, Jada, being bald. She shaves her head due to suffering from alopecia and the gaff did not sit well with Will. After yelling at Chris from his seat at the ceremony, the actor stormed on stage and smacked Chris across the face. Chris later declined to press charges and Will publicly apologised to him in the wake of the incident.   The 58-year-old comedian added: "First of all, I know you can’t tell on camera but Will Smith is significantly bigger than me. "We are not the same size. Will Smith does movies with his shirt off. You ain’t never seen me do a movie with my shirt off. I’m in a movie getting open-heart surgery, and I’ve got on a sweater. “Will Smith played Muhammad Ali in a movie. Do you think I auditioned for that part? He played Muhammad Ali, I played Pookie in New Jack City.” Good Morning Britain continues on weekdays from 6am on ITV and ITVX. 