Mark Chapman has reportedly joined the exodus of BBC football pundits stepping down from their Saturday shows following the axing of Gary Lineker from Match of the Day. Chapman will apparently not present BBC Radio 5 Live’s coverage of the day’s Premier League action while Dion Dublin and Leon Osman have announced that he will not appear on the show either. It throws the BBC into further turmoil after Lineker was stood down from Match of the Day on Friday evening. The broadcaster wants the 62-year-old, its best-paid presenter, to row back on his strong criticism of the government's Illegal Migration Bill. The decision to remove Lineker from the top-flight highlights show has prompted a flurry of presenters, pundits and commentators announcing that they will step down from their duties in solidarity. Match of the Day pundit Ian Wright was first to go, with Alan Shearer also announcing that he had informed the BBC of his decision to not take part in the show. Don't miss... Gary Lineker 'cried' after Match of the Day colleagues boycotted show [LINEKER LATEST] According to the Sun, Chapman has now joined them, while Dublin and ex-Everton star Osman have revealed they will not be on the show either. Chapman hosts the BBC’s Radio 5 Live coverage of the Premier League and other football competitions on a Saturday afternoon, but will not today. Dublin tweeted: "In solidarity with my BBC colleagues NO 5live for me today!" Osman, meanwhile, wrote: "No BBC 5live commentary for me today in support of my friends and colleagues." Colin Murray has also apparently joined the walkout by refusing to host Fighting Talk. A pre-recorded podcast instead played over the show’s sports quiz late on Saturday morning. Chapman hosts Match of the Day 2 on a Sunday night, too. The show provides highlights of Sunday's action and catches fans up with matches played the day prior, but there is no update on whether the programme will go ahead. Don't miss... Ian Wright threatens to quit MOTD for good if BBC fire Gary Lineker [LATEST] Piers Morgan hits back as he's mocked for comparing GMB row to Lineker [LATEST] Alex Scott refuses to present forces BBC to 'cancel' Football Focus [LATEST] It comes after the BBC pulled Saturday's editions of Football Focus and Final Score. Alex Scott and Jason Mohammad both stepped aside from presenting their respective shows. Saturday's Match of the Day is still expected to be aired. However, it is expected to be a heavily streamlined show that includes no studio presentation, pundits, or the programme's usual group of commentators. A BBC statement read: "Some of our pundits have said that they don't wish to appear on the programme while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary. We understand their position and we have decided that the programme will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry." The BBC showed episodes of Bargain Hunt and The Repair Shop instead of Football Focus and Final Score. Match of the Day remains on its schedule.