Ted Lasso first hit screens back in 2020 on Apple TV+ with the show going on to become a smash hit. The series focuses on the ailing fictional Premiere League football team AFC Richmond, which is set up to fail by its new owner Rebecca Welton (played by Hannah Waddingham) as a way to take revenge on her ex-husband. She hires the titular American football coach, who actually manages to turn around the team’s fortunes. Season three continues to chart the team and the management’s lives both on and off the pitch. The show will be airing weekly on Apple TV+ like the previous outings. Season three consists of 12 episodes like the second series. Ted Lasso season three, episode one will hit Apple TV+ worldwide on Wednesday, March 15. The show is expected to premiere at midnight Eastern Time, which 4am GMT for those watching in the UK. For those on the west coast of America, this is 9pm on Tuesday, March 14. Episodes will be airing on the streaming platform weekly rather than a mass drop. However, you can catch up on the previous seasons on Apple TV+ if you need a refresher. Seasons three will be picking up from the events of the last outing when Richmond AFC are enjoying their promotion to the Premier League. Here is the episode release schedule for Ted Lasso season 3: However, the team will be subject to ridicule as they languish at the bottom of the league table and in the relegation zone. There will also be some tension after Nate Shelley (Nick Mohammed) went to work for rivals West Ham United as their head coach and under antagonist Rupert Mannion (Anthony Head). His abrupt exit will be causing ructions in the new series, but it means Roy Kent (Brett Goldstein) can now step up as assistant coach alongside Coach Beard (Brendan Hunt). Ted Lasso (Jason Sudeikis) is going to have both personal and professional pressures hitting him hard as he struggles. Meanwhile, Rebecca is setting her sights on taking down Rupert and Keeley (Juno Temple) and she will be trying to navigate leading her own PR agency. But this isn’t all, the team players will be having their own problems both off the pitch and during their matches. Nonetheless, the players will be giving it their all in the hopes of victory despite facing so much adversity. Speaking about his character, star Mohammed said Nate was a “bit of a wonder kid” and said he was “quite special” due to his impressive football knowledge. DON'T MISS...Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [VIEWER REACTION]Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [INSIGHT]Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [VIDEO] The star went on to say: “He definitely has the capacity to assimilate quite large quantities of information. “Weirdly enough, it is something they do sort of explore in season three to a degree: Why is his brain how it is? I wouldn’t go so far as to say Nate is on the spectrum in any way, but he definitely has certain genius qualities when it comes to gameplay. “We see that manifest itself in other ways, which I won’t give away.” He added to The Athletic: “But later on in season three, we see he has a gift for something else that is quite unexpected.” Ted Lasso season 3 will premiere on Apple TV+ on March 15