Canadian "intersex" teacher Kayla Lemieux made headlines after pictures emerged of her wearing Z-cup breasts in tight clothes during school time. The teacher first showed up to class wearing a long blonde wig, women's clothes and breast prosthetics last year – a scene which caused outrage among parents. But who is Kayla Lemieux? The 39-year-old became a member of Oakville Trafalgar High School faculty in Ontario in September 2022. Lemieux quickly became known all over the internet after photos and videos of her unusual way of dressing began circulating. The intersex teacher's outfit choice was met with several deaths as well as bomb threats and left the school facing questions about the security measures in place to guarantee the students' safety. Lemieux has flatly denied wearing prosthetics and said she’s “not a transgendered person” but was born intersex. READ MORE: Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave after causing chaos with prosthetics The teacher stressed in an interview that she has a condition causing her breast to swell in size. "I’m not wearing prosthetic breasts”, Lemieux said in an interview with the New York Post. “These are real." Lemiuex explained: “My condition is classified as gigantomastia, which can also be referred to as macromastia or breast hypertrophy.” DON'T MISSUS must 'step up' as China 'preparing fight' over Taiwan [INSIGHT]Moment man 'engulfed in flames' runs through university [LATEST]Harry and Meghan may demand huge payout over eviction [REPORT] She added that "XX chromosomes" and "hormone sensitivity to oestrogen" contributed to her developing extra-large breasts, adding that she was “in transition” after she began undergoing hormone replacement therapy in 2021. Lemieux's explanation has done little to contain the fallout, which has sent shockwaves through the local community. She has been put on paid leave after photos emerged allegedly showing her dressing up as a man outside of school. Education minister Stephen Lecce and Halton Region MPPs Natalie Pierre, Stephen Crawford and Effie Triantafilopoulos accused the school board of having "abdicated its responsibility by failing to put the interest and safety of students first". READ MORE: Americans react to Rebel Wilson's comments about Meghan Markle: 'It's disgusting' The board has mostly stayed quiet while parents called for immediate action to remove Lemieux from the school. Several meetings between board representatives and parents descended into chaos, with the trustees calling for a new "professional" dress code to be introduced across local schools. Halton District's Director of Education Curtis Ennis said: "The HDSB’s commitment to human rights remains rooted in our core values and commitment to each and every student and staff who identifies as a member of an underserved and underrepresented group, and our approach is informed by opinions from leading employment law firms with human rights and equity advisors. "This commitment and approach will continue to be applied as the HDSB looks to fulfil this motion." Lemieux has also been accused of limiting prosthetic wearing to school hours as the Post claimed neighbours had reported spotting a man uncannily similar to the teacher near their building. The paper also hired a local photographer to capture pictures of the suspected male version of the teacher, but Lemieux denied knowing the person. She said: "I can’t tell you who that is because I don’t want to bring anyone else into this. “I don’t want that person being thrown all over the media, but it wasn’t me … this is who I am. This is how I look. "You’ve been talking to people in my building, but what they’re telling you is harsh and untrue. I am always going out looking the way I am."