Ron DeSantis is "laying the groundwork" for his 2024 bid after Donald Trump delivered a "controversial" speech at CPAC, a political commentator has told Express.co.uk. Florida's Governor is widely expected to challenge the former POTUS for the Republican Party's nomination going into the next election.  DeSantis' potential candidacy could significantly alter the current race, with Trump facing ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and anti-woke CEO Vivek Ramaswamy. Simon Dolan, who penned Trump: The Hidden Halo, told Express.co.uk: "The former President delivered a typically controversial speech to the annual Conservative Political Action Conference in recent days. "Trump’s address reflected on his time in office and understandably highlighted his many accomplishments in his time at the White House." The 76-year-old ex-Commander-in-Chief continued to peddle unfounded claims about the 2020 US Presidential Election and claimed he could end Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 24 hours. JUST IN: Woman's nose ripped off by boyfriend's pitbull because it hated teeth whitening Trump's appearance at CPAC came around the same time as DeSantis' speech at the Reagan Library. Addressing DeSantis' speech, Dolan said: "Although he has not officially announced his candidacy at this stage, Ron DeSantis is clearly laying the groundwork for a bid that could put two of the two most prominent politicians in the country against each other." He added: "The distinction I see is that DeSantis is a politician, through and through. "Trump is a hustler. Trump was necessary for America to wake up the Republicans and gained a grassroots support that was remarkable. READ MORE: Dr Shola lashes out at Charles and William for 'snubbing' Lilibet's christening "What is needed now I believe is principled, skilled politician that can navigate the murky and treacherous waters of DC to effect real change. "The fight will be over before 2024 - either DeSantis or Trump will win the nomination, for sure." Despite keeping his cards close to his chest, DeSantis is widely regarded as Trump's main challenger for the Grand Old Party's nomination. An opinion poll conducted by Morning Consult between March 3 and March 5 revealed DeSantis currently holds 28 percent support, with Trump as the frontrunner on 53 percent. DON'T MISS Woman's nose ripped off by boyfriend's pitbull  [LATEST] Dr Shola lashes out at Charles and William for 'snubbing' Lilibet [REVEALED] Prince Harry's 'choice of guru' may prove 'unwise' after drug comments [INSIGHT] Other are seemingly struggling to knock either man off the top two places. Ex-Vice President Mike Pence is languishing in a distant third with just seven percent. Haley, who entered the race last month, is also struggling with just four percent. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews