Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been warned they will struggle to get "big invitations" after interest in them rapidly decreases. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who stepped down from royal duties in March 2020, have faced a huge decline in popularity. Royal author Nicholas Owen has claimed the royal couple is set to follow in the footsteps of Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat He told Sky News Australia: "There was a lot of interest in them at the beginning of course. "The way they burst on the scene with the famous interview with Oprah Winfrey but once the initial excitment dies down. "They're going to find invitation a little bit more difficult to get frankly. "A bit of a sad thing. It's a terrible reminder of times past when Edward VIII left the throne back in the 1930s because he married an American divorcee. READ MORE: Harry 'ousted from final royal duty' after losing UK domicile status  "Gradually, the big invitations petered out and they were left rather isolated and I'm afraid the same thing seems to be happening again." It comes as Harry and Meghan revealed they are in "email correspondence" with the King's office over whether they will attend the coronation. Following the publication of Harry's controversial memoir Spare, it has been unclear whether he and Meghan would be invited to the ceremony on May 6. The Coronation of the King and Queen Consort will take place at Westminster Abbey on the Saturday morning, conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury. Tens of thousands of street parties are expected to be staged during the weekend, with people urged to come together across the nation for the Coronation Big Lunch on May 7. According to reports, Harry has been in contact with Charles' representatives concerning their attendance. Don't miss... Prince Andrew told US 'not dumping ground for royals' as he eyes move [LATEST] Harry and Meghan 'very concerned about celebrity status'  [LATEST] Meghan Markle 'upset' after South Park shatters her 'big aspirations' [LATEST] But the duke has said that he would not yet be disclosing whether a decision had been made on his and Meghan's attendance. A Sussex spokesperson said: "I can confirm the duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the coronation. "An immediate decision on whether the duke and duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews