Princess Maria-Olympia of Greece and Denmark, 26, is a fashion model, socialite and member of the non-reigning Greek Royal Family. She is the oldest child and only daughter of Pavlos, Crown Prince of Greece, and his wife, Marie-Chantal Miller. The royal is known to friends and family by the name Olympia. Yesterday, March 5, the royal celebrated the launch of her new book - a collection of cocktail recipes entitled Dirty Martini. For the occasion, Olympia seemed to have gone out for dinner with friends. She looked elegant in a white dress and red boots. The dress was the Logo-Plaque Midi Dress by Prada, which is available to buy for a huge £1,700 on Farfetch. The garment is sleeveless, has a round neck, and reaches the wearer's calves. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby It is a chic number that skims the figure and has a slightly pleated skirt. Olympia combined this with a pair of lace-up boots by Yves Saint Laurent. These were the "Loulou" Lace-up Velvet Ankle Boots in Rouge Eros. Since the boots belonged to an earlier season, they are no longer available to buy. However, they were on offer on the My Theresa fashion website for £725. The boots were described by Yves Saint Laurent as "a vertiginous design, ideal for adding a dynamic finish to evening ensembles". Don't miss... Zara and Mike Tindall raise their kids with 'sense of freedom'  [LATEST] Achieve Kate's 'incredibly thick' locks with 'necessary' tip  [LATEST] Skin on hands and neck 'ages rapidly' - how to reduce signs of ageing [LATEST] Olympia has worn the boots on many past occasions, including in January 2019, October 2019, February 2020, November 2021, and February 2022. The dress, however, was new and fans hadn't seen Olympia wear it in public before. Royal watchers had a lot to say about the dress, and not all were fans of it. They didn't seem to like the Prada logo that had been stitched to it - just underneath the neckline. Instagram user @richmondharmeling said: "Weird logo on the front of the dress. Don’t like it at all." User @cattym63 wrote: "I don't like the dress at all. Black or red would have been better, but I like the boots." User @birdnerd327 commented: "My favourite boots! Hate the logo tag on the front of the dress though." User @lou.cartonkelly said: "Hideous Prada logo on the dress looks like a security tag - otherwise it looks lovely on her - love the boots and the clutch." User @luxmeagainpreloved added: "The boots are gorgeous and so is the clutch. The dress gives a bit of a nightie vibe, but she’s always going to look cute." Olympia's hair was styled straight and fell over her shoulders, and she accessorised her outfit with dangling, white earrings. Her make-up was minimal and natural-looking, and her nails were painted clear with white tips. At one point during the evening, she wore a black or navy blue, collarless fur jacket.