Parents and guardians who claim Child Benefit are being warned of a tax "trap" would could leave them owing HMRC money. An increasing number of families are being caught out by the charge, according to an expert at insurers Royal London. Child Benefit is a monthly payment available to people looking after a child. It is worth £21.80 a week for the first child and £14.45 a week for any additional child. However, if you are on a higher income, you could face having to pay what is called the High Income Child Benefit (HICB) tax charge, reports The Mirror. You become subject to paying the HICB charge when one parent or guardian starts earning more than £50,000 a year. When you start earning above this amount, you have to pay back 1 per cent of the Child Benefit you receive for every £100 earnt above £50,000. Those who earn £60,000 or more have to repay all of their Child Benefit. The £50,000 threshold applies only to individuals. This means couples can have a combined income of up to £100,000 and not be affected, as long as neither of them has an individual income of over £50,000. Clare Moffat, pensions and legal expert at Royal London said: "More and more families are being caught by this tax charge as the earnings threshold hasn’t changed since it was introduced. "If it had increased with inflation then the starting amount would be over £63,000." She continued: "It can also feel unfair as you could have a couple earning £49,999 each and the charge wouldn’t apply but it would apply if there was only one earner in a household and they earned over £50,000." Around 340,000 parents end up having to pay back some or all of their Child Benefit or end up being slapped with a fine. You can use this Child Benefit tax calculator or call HMRC on 0300 200 3100 if you are unsure if you need to pay the HICB charge. If you don't want to pay the charge, you can opt out of Child Benefit payments altogether by contacting HMRC.  You need to live in the UK and be responsible for someone under the age of 16, or under 20 if they are in approved education or training, to claim Child Benefit. Being responsible for a child usually means they live with you, or you pay at least the same amount as Child Benefit towards looking after them. If two people look after a child, only one person can claim Child Benefit. You can claim Child Benefit if you are fostering a child, as long as the local council is not paying anything towards their accommodation or maintenance. Child Benefit is also available if your child is adopted, as well as in certain circumstances where you are looking after a child for a friend or relative.