Max Verstappen claims his ‘best friend in F1’ Lando Norris was “overwhelmed” when he first joined the grid but is now hugely important to McLaren ahead of the new season. Red Bull star Verstappen and McLaren’s Norris have contrasting expectations ahead of lights out on the 2023 campaign at the Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend. Verstappen is the strong favourite to win a third consecutive world title and has ominously warned his rivals that his new Red Bull challenger is even better than last season’s dominant RB18. Norris, meanwhile, is still chasing his first race victory in F1 and is anticipating a midfield battle in Bahrain with Ferrari and Aston Martin tipped as the most likely teams to compete with Red Bull early on in the season. The talented British driver shares a close relationship with Verstappen, who has now opened up on his progress from the duo's karting days. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton undergoes lie detector test and admits urinating in car  “I get on really well with Lando because he is just himself and normal. He is my best friend on the grid,” Verstappen told the Daily Mail. “He loves what he is doing. I could see clearly from years ago in go-karting that he was very quick — though we never raced against each other. Everything just came to him really naturally as a driver. “Good performances were not just one-offs or hit and miss; he was always up at the front. So it was clear he was always going to be here. Some people are quick but don’t know why or how to explain it.” DON'T MISSNico Rosberg weighs in on Lewis Hamilton retirement rumours Max Verstappen shuts down rumours about his Lewis Hamilton rivalry Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes pain may not improve for months in setback  Norris signed a long-term contract extension last year to remain at McLaren until 2025. The 23-year-old is about to embark on his fifth season with the British team and finished seventh in the drivers’ standings in 2022. But he has long been linked with a move away to a title-contending team after a host of impressive drives and six podium finishes. And Verstappen believes the accomplished Norris has evolved as a driver during his time on the grid after initially appearing overwhelmed in the furnace of F1. “Lando knows what he is doing, and that is good for McLaren,” he added. “When he first joined Formula One he was a bit overwhelmed. Lando can be a little shy but he is a super nice guy and you can see, from year one to now, how he has grown as a person — and that helps his performance because he has more confidence in himself."