A woman says residents "feel persecuted" after a council painted double yellow lines on "historic" cobblestones on a street. Amanda Massey, aged 54, has slammed Stockport Council because she feels the cobbles - "hundreds of years old" - should be protected.  But the council, which the Lib Dems lost to no overall power in 2011, wants to prevent parking for the safety of residents and those who use the social club and nursery nearby. The lines caught out Amanda, who won an appeal after parking on the street days following their creation. Speaking to Manchester Evening News, Amanda said: "I was given no notice. We feel persecuted. "Sure enough as soon as those lines have been painted the wardens have been down the street two to three times a day. "It is a very busy street, people park there to go to the shops. "One side of the street is residents parking and the other is double yellow lines."  Amanda says the cobbles would be "polished up to an inch of their lives" had they been elsewhere, like Chester or York.  Amanda said the problem started around 20 years ago, when double yellow lines were painted at the bottom of the road. She admitted it "can be tight" when ambulances try to get through, but said the council seemed to "go through phases" of sending traffic wardens. But the lines faded, and Amanda claims they were ignored for years. Amanda said a traffic warden advised her to park on Buxton Road - the A6 - which would block the lanes on the busy main road through Hazel Grove. Speaking of her frustration, she said she didn't understand the council's decision to repaint the lines. "The council say they have got to keep the restrictions up, but they have not been painted for 15 years," she explained. "They are already breaking up again because they are on cobbles. "I get its not an automatic right to park outside your own house. "But emergency vehicles can get down with cars parked on both sides of the road. "Those cobbles are hundreds of years old now. If we lived in Chester or York they'd be polished up to an inch of their lives. Here they just draw lines over them." A spokesperson for Stockport Council said: "Store Street in Great Moor is a residential road, which is home to a social club and nursery located at the end of the cul-de-sac. "To ensure those who attend the social club and nursery are safe when visiting, parking restrictions, which includes resident permit parking, have been in place for several years. "In December, a petition was received by the area committee and local councillors have asked the council’s traffic service team to investigate if these road markings on Store Street are still fit for purpose or require altering. This investigation is ongoing."