Double murderer Alex Murdaugh, who is convicted of killing his wife and son, has had several mysterious deaths swirl around him and the death of his long-time housekeeper is just one of these. Now investigators are pushing to exhume her body to confirm how she actually died. South Carolina investigators are looking into the mysterious death of the family's housekeeper, Gloria Satterfield. In 2018, she allegedly slipped on the family's dog on the steps leading to their home, which is what allegedly caused her to die days later in hospital. Investigators now say they want to exhume her body to determine the cause of death, following Alex Murdaugh's double murder conviction on Thursday. Satterfield had worked for the family for over 20 years and some people close to the family say she knew too much about Alex Murdaugh's murky life of drug taking and fraud. In September 2021, Satterfield's sons, Michael Antony Satterfield and Brian Harriott, filed a lawsuit following their mother's death. Her late employer, and now-convicted killer, Murdaugh allegedly told the two sons to sue him through attorney Corey Fleming for an insurance payout, while at Satterfield's funeral. But years went by and they heard nothing about the money they were supposed to receive. Eric Bland, the attorney representing the sons, has since recovered in excess of $7.5million for the Satterfield family from the various banks and law firms involved in Alex Murdaugh’s insurance scams. READ MORE: Aristocrat 'had named baby girl she's charged with killing Victoria' Bland told New York Post: "Gloria died for a purpose. She was the first and it really brought all the victims together in a sense.” The attorney also recovered another $4.3million from Murdaugh for his other victims, who he had defrauded through his many financial crimes. At the time of Satterfield's death, it wasn't reported to the coroner and an autopsy also wasn't performed, documents show. In a letter to law enforcement officials, Hampton County Coroner Angela Topper said: "On the death certificate the manner of death was ruled ‘natural’ which is inconsistent with injuries sustained in a trip and fall accident." In the new true crime Netflix series, which follows the many scandals surrounding the family, sources close to the Murdaugh's believe Satterfield's death wasn't adequately investigated because of the power the family yielded in the area. Alex Murdaugh is the heir to a powerful legal dynasty and was well-connected in South Carolina. Satterfield's family have given permission to investigators to exhume her body, which will likely be carried out "in the middle of the night" to "ensure her dignity and privacy", the attorney said. As well as the death of their housekeeper, the family have also been linked to two other mysterious murders including Stephen Smith, 19, and Mallory Beach, 2019, who died in a boat crash which was being steered by Alex Murdaugh's underage drunk son. Alex Murdaugh was found guilty of killing his wife and son in a court on Thursday and will serve two consecutive life sentences.