"Changes in behaviour" could signal Alzheimer's disease, the most common form of dementia. Vandelli says losing confidence, for example, might make a person withdraw from their usual social engagements. Becoming uninterested in activities that once lit you up could be a sign of the brain-altering condition.  "As the condition worsens, you can find it difficult to plan and make decisions," said Vandelli. People affected by Alzheimer's could "easily become confused and become anxious". "Understandably, these changes in feelings and behaviour can cause a lot of distress for a person and can put them at greater risk of depression," Vandelli stated. Other signs to watch out for include: READ MORE: The secret to living longer - walk for just 11 minutes a day  "It’s important to remember that no two people will experience dementia in exactly the same way," said Vandelli. "In Alzheimer’s, abnormal proteins in the brain damage the cells and over time these start to die. The early symptoms are often memory lapses." There are other forms of dementia, such as: Vandelli stated: "Alzheimer’s is the most commonly diagnosed type of dementia in the UK. "The second most common type is vascular dementia, where the brain is damaged when the blood supply to it is reduced." Vandelli added: "This may happen after a stroke or mini-stroke. Symptoms of vascular dementia can get worse in big or small steps." Signs of vascular dementia, as pointed out by the NHS: Later signs of vascular dementia could include: READ MORE: Six signs in your mouth you could be at risk of heart disease - expert's advice  As for dementia with Lewy bodies, the third most common type of dementia is "caused by proteins building up in nerve cells". The condition could "also cause movement problems similar to Parkinson's disease". Signs of dementia with Lewy bodies, as noted by the NHS: Vandelli said: "Frontotemporal dementia is mostly diagnosed between the ages of 45 to 65, though people can get it earlier or later in life. "It’s a group of conditions that cause cells to die in specific parts of the brain. "There are broadly two types of frontotemporal dementia, which usually start with changes to behaviour and personality and emotional control, and/or problems with language." Signs of frontotemporal dementia, according to the NHS: Fran Vandelli is the Dementia Lead at Bupa Care Services.