Manchester United hero Wayne Rooney may feel that his advice to Marcus Rashford was central to the forward bouncing back to form this season. He advised his former teammate to simply ‘just focus on football’, having been an influential figure in politics during the coronavirus pandemic. Following the Covid outbreak in 2020, Rashford campaigned vigorously to ensure that the government were held to account on several issues – markedly ensuring that children were offered free school meals, having suffered from going hungry when he grew up. His focus on ensuring that the young people were given enough support prompted some to speculate that he had quite literally taken his eye off the ball. Rashford endured a poor few seasons previously, with some feeling that he could leave United to try and get his career back on track. However, the England international opted to remain at Old Trafford and has thrived since, with the arrival of Erik ten Hag playing a key role in his success. However, Rooney does not believe that a shakeup in the dugout was central to Rashford’s revival, instead telling The Times in December that he thinks that his ex-teammate has improved because his focus is not split. He explained: “It looks like Marcus is in a much better place in his head and the big thing, for me, is that during Covid he did so much campaigning work and got involved with a lot of stuff off the pitch. "His achievements were incredible, but I think it might have been a bit too much for him. Rather than being able to just focus on his football, there was a lot on his plate, whereas what we’ve seen this season is very much a focus on football first rather than anything else. “From some of the goals he has scored, you can see he is in a different headspace. I watched Marcus develop at Manchester United and there are not many players with his speed and direct running at goal.” Rashford has scored 14 and assisted three in 25 Premier League appearances so far this season, with his performances off of the left-wing causing defences numerous problems. The forward has played a key role in United being a competitive outfit in all competitions, with some feeling that, following their Carabao Cup win, they could make a bid to win the quadruple before they were humiliatingly beaten 7-0 by Liverpool on Sunday.