Manchester United have been told that Erik ten Hag’s star man Casemiro is reminiscent of Manchester City and Barcelona icon Yaya Toure, in a glowing comparison made by BBC pundit Micah Richards. The Brazilian has revitalised United’s midfield since making a big-money move from Real Madrid in the summer, and Ten Hag will hope to be able to lean on his leadership skills in the aftermath of the Red Devils’ 7-0 humiliation against Liverpool on Sunday. Casemiro was withdrawn on the 76th minute at Anfield before the final two goals were conceded, as several United players lost their cool during the game. Stand-in captain Bruno Fernandes was criticised by the likes of Gary Neville and Roy Keane, and he appears to have escaped punishment from the FA after an incident with the linesman. United had been on a stunning run of form prior to the embarrassment, a string of performances that Richards believes could not have happened without Casemiro as he compared the Brazil midfielder to both of his former team-mates, Toure and David Silva. “He has proved all of us wrong, really,” Richards told the BBC. “He's been United's stand-out performer, a threat from set-pieces and a real organiser and leader. I remember when I was at City and David Silva and Yaya Toure joined, I would look at them and think I can trust them because they have been there and done it all before. Don't miss... Messi vs Ronaldo - goals, titles and records to decide football's GOAT [LATEST] “That's the effect Casemiro has had at United. He brings a calmness to the rest of the team and it was a real shock to see him have a bad game against Liverpool this weekend because that has just not happened before. “Casemiro has simply been brilliant in terms of the impact he has made on the rest of the United team. We know what he did, and what he won at Real Madrid before he joined United in August, but there were still question marks over the signing. Don't miss... Man Utd stars' faces say it all as they arrive at training  [LATEST] Man Utd boss Ten Hag told to 'look at himself' over Liverpool calls [LATEST] Big Debate - Fernandes' Man Utd captaincy issue, Souness vs Neville  [LATEST] “He was coming to a new league at the age of 30. Could he adapt? Did he have the legs, or the hunger to succeed? I wouldn't say I was on the fence myself but I didn't know how he would fit into Erik ten Hag's team. I didn't think he suited the high-energy style and high-pressing game that United were trying to play.” Ten Hag described his United squad as “unprofessional” following their dismal efforts against Liverpool, but will hope he can count on Casemiro’s experience and leadership after he won five Champions League trophies at Real Madrid. The Dutchman will look to pick up the pieces again and get back on track with a Europa League victory over Real Betis on Thursday.