McDonald's diners in Bristol have been left "petrified" after becoming "trapped" inside the fast food restaurant by a rowdy gang of youngsters who threw bricks through the diner's windows The incident occurred at the Hengrove branch, where two windows were reportedly broken by the perpetrators. BristolLive reports that police officers were not present when the group was dispersed. Avon and Somerset Police have confirmed that an assault and criminal damage took place at the restaurant on Friday, March 3, and that they are continuing their investigation into the matter. The father, Robert Matthews, reported that when his family arrived at the restaurant around 7:15 pm on Friday, there was some commotion outside as a group of young people attempted to gain entry and were blocked by the staff. Mr Matthews estimated the age of the youngsters to be between 10 and 13 years old.  He said: "[A boy] started launching himself at one of the staff, kicking and punching him, pushing them into the window. "I'd already ordered the food, so we sat well away towards the front window, and then the commotion just got louder and louder and louder. "Next, these big red bricks just came launching out the window, smashing them, and everybody [inside] had to move to the back because of shards of glass. "It felt like it went on for like 15 minutes." "The two big windows were completely destroyed. "These kids were literally blocking the doorway, we were trapped, and nobody could get in or out; the loose bricks were just flying. He added: "The noise was horrendous." Mr Matthews praised the staff of the restaurant for their efforts to protect the customers, including his "petrified" daughter, who was among the approximately twenty customers inside the branch during the incident. He said: "The poor staff, they were there protecting the people, even standing up against the doorway. A few of the staff stayed outside the whole time and were picking up the bricks and hiding them so they couldn't pick them up again. "They don't get paid enough to deal with that; nobody does." Avon and Somerset Police reported that a disruption occurred at a Bristol McDonald's branch, where a staff member asked a group of young visitors to leave due to their disruptive behaviour. The group then proceeded to verbally abuse the staff member with racial slurs and physically assaulted them, resulting in a finger injury.  A McDonald’s spokesperson said: “We are aware of an incident which took place at our Hengrove restaurant on March 3. Our team acted quickly to alert the police and maintain a safe and welcoming environment for all. "The safety and security of our people and our customers is of the utmost importance to us, and we have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to crime and anti-social behaviour both in and around our restaurants.” A spokesperson from Avon and Somerset Police said: "Enquiries are ongoing following an assault and criminal damage at a business in Bristol on Friday March 3. "A number of youths visiting McDonald's in Hengrove were said to be being a nuisance, and they were asked to leave by a member of staff who was reportedly racially abused by the group and assaulted, causing a finger injury. We were subsequently called at 7.30 pm.  "A short time after the group left the premises, two of the youths are said to have returned and thrown objects causing windows to break. They then fled the scene on foot before officers attended at approximately 7.45 pm. "Enquiries, including reviewing CCTV, are ongoing. We'd ask anyone who can assist our enquiries to please call 101 and quote reference number 5223051561."