Cristiano Ronaldo has produced goals and assists as expected since ditching Manchester United for Saudi Arabia in November. However, the 38-year-old will have been left disappointed by a handful of hitches in the early stages of his Al-Nassr career, starting with his unveiling. Ronaldo ended 2022 with a bang by completing a move to the Middle East on December 30, penning a contract until July 2025, reportedly worth around £177million per year. He received a warm welcome to Riyadh during his unveiling as an Al-Nassr player as thousands lined the street to welcome one of football's greatest. However, Ronaldo's arrival was put to shame around a week later in January when Gremio unveiled Luis Suarez after his free transfer back to South America. Around 30,000 fans gave Suarez a rapturous ovation at the Arena de Gremio, significantly more than the number that watched Ronaldo's Saudi welcome. Ronaldo then blanked in his first two competitive appearances for Al-Nassr, in the second of which rivals Al-Ittihad dumped them out of the Saudi Super Cup. Read more... Arsenal icon has 'a problem' with Saka transfer value due to Ronaldo [NEWS] Upon joining the club, the five-time Ballon d'Or winner suggested his work in Europe was done after signing a two-and-a-half-year contract. However, it seems like his plans may have already changed, with Al-Nassr boss Rudi Garcia claiming he would return to the continent before he hangs up his boots. Days after the Al-Ittihad defeat, Garcia said: "He is one of the best players in the world. He will not finish his career at Al-Nassr. He will return to Europe." Ronaldo scored eight goals in the following four outings, including two hat-tricks, but has failed to find the net in his last two. Most recently, he made headlines after another defeat to Al-Ittihad in a title showdown last Thursday, furiously leaving the pitch at full-time. Don't miss... Evra accidentally rubs salt in wounds of Ronaldo with Messi dig [NEWS] La Liga ref Lahoz who angered Messi loaned for crunch Ronaldo clash [NEWS] Liverpool star Roberto Firmino may join Cristiano Ronaldo at Al-Nassr [TRANSFERS] Ronaldo's frustrations boiled over as he acknowledged Al-Nassr's fans before ripping the captain's armband off as he stormed toward the tunnel. En route, he angrily shook his head before kicking a group of five water bottles and disappearing to the dressing room. It's fair to say Ronaldo's stint in Saudi Arabia hasn't gone exactly to plan so far. Still, he will be hungry to add to his diverse trophy cabinet before potentially returning to Europe. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we've got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.