Ken Bruce, 72, announced earlier this year that he would be leaving the station in March, but while the broadcaster hoped to be around until the end of the month he presented his final show today. The broadcaster has been inundated with messages of support and well-wishes as he heads to Greatest Hits Radio, including a candid revelation from Scott Mills. BBC DJ Scott shared a collection of sweet snaps on Instagram, sharing his memories of Ken from throughout the years. He penned a sad “farewell to an outstanding broadcaster” in the comments, even bringing some fans to the edge of tears. Scott said of Ken: “A man who makes it sound so easy, so warm - and with a total respect for the music he plays, and the millions of listeners who love him. “A master of the art of world class radio. We’ll all miss you Ken! READ MORE: Piers Morgan stunned as King Charles 'throws Meghan and Harry out of Frogmore Cottage' “I’ll miss your incredible stories about Eurovision over the years the most, and who’s going to give me a lift in their taxi when I’m stranded outside the arena after this year's final? “The word legend is overused, but not in this case. Good luck Ken.” Scott also revealed that it was Ken who shared some “reassuring words when I joined Radio 2” that kept him going through the controversy. In July 2022, Scott’s arrival at Radio 2 was somewhat overshadowed by the exit of beloved DJ Steve Wright, who he was replacing. The replacement meant that after 24 years, Steve Wright in the Afternoon would be ending, but the DJ assured fans he would remain at the BBC working on other projects, but this didn’t quell the uproar at his exit. Ken’s exit came under similar scrutiny, especially as the presenter claimed he final show had been pushed forward by almost a month, but fans rallied behind Ken for his final show on Friday. In the comments section of Scott’s post, fans continued the tributes as Julian271249 added: “Ken you are the best on radio 2 you’ve shown the youngsters the way no one will fill your Boots though. “Looking forward to Pop Master on your new show.” Chessiered branded Ken’s exit “sad times” with a crying emoji while many applauded Scott’s “beautiful tribute”. Paloma Faith also shared some choice words with Ken on her Instagram story saying: “Thanks Ken for all the support, you will be missed.” Zoe Ball shared a snap from Ken’s last day in the BBC office, surrounded by cards: “Huge love and respect always Ken. Will miss you at WH my friend. “Enjoy the new challenges. You’re the best of the best.” Caroline Joynson shared on her own story: “Gonna miss you on BBC Radio 2 Bruce. “You got me through the pandemic and have been my companion through self employment for the last 9 years! “In a world of craziness and uncertainty you’ve been a calm and much-appreciated constant. Thank you.” Ken is set to start his new show on Greatest Hits Radio on April 3 after hosting his Radio 2 show for 30 years. The BBC have confirmed that Sounds of the 80s host Gary Davies will take up Ken’s mid-morning slot from March 6 until Vernon Kay takes over in May. Vernon is already well-known to Radio 2 listeners as the television presenter has covered multiple shows on the station, including The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show, and presents Dance Sounds of the 90s.