Long hair is currently popular with several older actresses; Helen Mirren and Michelle Yeoh have been seen sporting long hair this awards season. With the old adage saying we should cut out hair as we age, A-list hairstylist, Jason Collier has explained how to get the best long style no matter your age. Jason, who is a brand educator for Jerome Russell Bblonde, said: "There is a misconception that long hair in middle age can be ageing, and sadly many women feel pressure to chop their tresses. “However, this is just not necessary. Flowing locks can look chic, elegant and youthful at any age, it's all down to the cut. “Long hair looks great on a wide range of ages - and works particularly well on those with medium or thick locks. “Make sure to ask for lots of layers to add volume, particularly around the face, as this will softness and movement that is very flattering. “A super straight, one-length cut can look harsh, and could potentially age you,” he added. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range Jason also noted: "As we get older, our hair starts to change. Hormonal changes during and after menopause can lead to weakened hair, and hair decreases from three layers to two. This creates a thinner appearance overall, and hair can become more likely to break and split. “Absolutely keep your long hair into your 50s, 60s, 70s and beyond, but do keep in mind that it will need a little extra TLC. You will need extra products to care for your tresses and may need to take an extra 10 minutes for styling. “I recommend a thickening mousse, or a volumizing spray when blow-drying. Add volume into the style with a large barrel brush, and I always recommend a loose wave or a bouncy curl to give the illusion of fullness." DON'T MISS...March 2023 horoscope reading for all star signs - what’s in store [EXCLUSIVE]Spain’s crackdown on ‘budget British tourists’ causing issues [NEWS]Kate Middleton wore black gloves to BAFTAs for ‘symbolic reason’ [COMMENT] The hairstylist continued: "On the other hand, those women with thick hair can find that it becomes brittle and wiry, and it becomes difficult to keep moisture in it, and frizz at bay. “To combat this issue, use deeply hydrating shampoo and conditioners, and think about adding regular conditioning, or oil treatment to your hair care routine. “This can help you nourish and soften coarse strands. Look for plant-based essential oils like coconut, almond, or olive oil to seal the hair's cuticle, reducing frizz and dryness for silky, smooth hair." Another “sign of ageing” is grey hairs, and Jason said: “The moment you embrace it is like starting a brand-new phase in life. It also looks incredibly striking against longer hair - totally beautiful. READ MORE: Princess Kate’s ‘hair rule she swears by’ according to beauty expert “It’s possible to keep your hair long while still going grey, though it will require working with your hairstylist so that they can slowly fade out the colour. “You can also do this at home with a silver toner [and] you’ll also want to add a purple shampoo to your routine, as this neutralises grey tones, and will stop it from getting brassy.” For those “not ready to go natural,” Jason recommends “lighter tones’ as they “are easier to maintain, so opt for blondish or caramel hues”. Mermaid waves - He said: “Mermaid Waves are a great starting point. Mermaid waves have a uniform movement in an S-shape, and add beautiful movement to long hair." Boundy blow-dry - Jason explained: "A bouncy blow-dry creates a soft, smooth, shiny shape that exudes youthfulness." Messy up do - "For an easy, everyday look, try a messy up do,” the stylist suggested. “Add texture to your hair with a flat iron, pop it up in a loose ponytail in the middle of your head, and make sure to leave face-framing pieces as these create the illusion of lifted cheekbones." Statement fringe - Jason revealed: "A statement fringe can work super well, as it accentuates the cheekbones and hides and fine lines on the forehead. Opt for wispy bangs reaching your eyebrows or soft side waves.”