Jiri Lehecka has revealed tennis legend Roger Federer used to be his "idol", before he switched to Czech compatriot Tomas Berdych. Growing up, Lehecka says he idolised Federer's "game and his varied style", but began modelling his own game on Berdych's. Lehecka's current coach is Michal Navratil but he used to be coached by Michal's father Jaroslav, who worked closely with Berdych, and helped shape his style of play. "When I was a little kid, Roger was the one who I was always looking up to," the 21-year-old said. "I always loved his game and his varied style. "Then as I was getting older and I was getting a bit more into tennis and I was looking to the mirror as to what kind of player am I, then I was trying to focus my game and my style on Tomas Berdych. When I was 16, my coach was Jaroslav Navratil, who is the father of Michal, who is my coach right now. JUST IN: Biden sent strong message over 'Djokovic ban' that's costing US £67bn "He's the guy who got Tomas into the top 10, and he was with him for a long time. Maybe if you can see some specific details in my game, which can look a bit similar to Tomas, forehand, you know, something like that, then it's a job of Jaro who took me under his guidance when I was 16. "Tomas was the one who I was looking forward to and I was watching his matches in Davis Cup, everything. So I saw some similarities in both our games." Lehecka recently got the opportunity to train with Berdych in Dubai and impressed his idol, who believes he "has a bright future ahead of him". Berdych told the ATP earlier this month: "He's very young. But what I've seen, it's really the way he's composed with his game. Don't miss... Can Novak Djokovic play US Open? Latest as unvaccinated Serb pulls out [LATEST] Ukrainian pro defends Marta Kostyuk for shunning Russian opponent [LATEST] British star hopes for second Wimbledon chance after Federer fairytale [LATEST] "I think it's very good. What I like is his fitness preparation or his body being strong and some of the young kids, they might struggle with it. They need more muscles or lack power. That's definitely not his case, which I like. "It's nice to hear for me when somebody took a bit of that inspiration. It's funny to hear, he was 10, 11 when we won the Davis Cup, so he was really [a] kid and we were doing really well. So you already start to see those differences in ages, but other than that, very good. I think he has a bright future ahead of him."