The 62-year-old presenter was suspended by BBC director general Tim Davie on Friday evening. He had compared the language used by government ministers concerning refugees to Nazi Germany. However, reports now suggest that the public service broadcaster is set to U-turn on its extraordinary stance. A new deal between Lineker and Davie is set to be agreed upon over how the former England striker uses social media. The BBC had insisted on Friday that it would not back down until a position on Lineker's tweets was agreed. The Match of the Day anchor is often critical of government policy, which some see to be a breach of the BBC's impartiality guidelines. Don't miss... Lineker shrugs off BBC criticism as MOTD host seen joking at Leicester [LATEST] According to the Daily Mail, a position is set to be agreed and Lineker will return to host Match of the Day. it comes after a farcical show was broadcast with no studio presentation, punditry, analysis or commentary. A 20-minute reel of Saturday’s Premier League action was played after a raft of BBC staff boycotted the programme after Lineker was deposed. Ian Wright, Alan Shearer, Alex Scott and Jermaine Jenas all refused to take part in the show unless Lineker returned. The BBC was forced to cancel its usual Football Focus and Final Score programmes after Scott and Jason Mohammad refused to present their respective programmes on a chaotic day. Fighting Talk and a portion of BBC Radio 5 Live also came off air after staff joined the boycott. Don't miss... Kirstie Allsopp slammed for telling BBC not to worry over Gary Lineker [REACTION] BBC crisis as Lineker row spirals out of control after staff mutiny [LATEST] BBC chief says sorry for Lineker impartiality row but won't resign [QUOTES] It forced director general Davie to make an intervention on air. Interviewed by BBC news, the former Conservative Party local council candidate said: “We are working very hard to resolve the situation and make sure we get output back on-air. “I don’t want to go into too much details about the discussion. Gary Lineker is a superb broadcaster, the best in the business, that’s not in debate. He is an outstanding broadcaster and success for me is Gary gets back on-air.” The BBC hopes that Match of the Day will return in full next weekend. However, Mark Chapman is still currently down to host the programme on March 18. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE