He's become one of Netflix's most popular fictional serial killers and now Joe Goldberg actor Penn Badgley finally admits his reservations about You. Part two of season four dropped on the streaming site today and he shared his thoughts on ITV's This Morning.  Penn admitted: "Yes, in some ways for obvious reasons. "As an actor, you can take things on for a limited amount of time, but then with a show, you don't know how long it's going to be. "It wasn't that I just didn't want to play a serial killer, it wasn't that. I thought that could be interesting for a time. "But then if I'm the only person who really has to embody this and add expression to all of his rage... it's constantly embodying suspicion and judgement and cynicism." He also teased a series of major "twists" in the next five episodes available now on Netflix. "This isn't a spoiler but the twist you think you're waiting for in part two happens almost right away," he admitted on This Morning. He added: "It happens so soon, sooner than you think. "But there's another twist and another twist and by episodes nine and 10 you're like 'what is happening?'." Don't miss... The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [LATEST] Amy-Leigh Hickman teases 'nostalgia' in You part 2 [LATEST] You's Nadia star pays sweet tribute to co-star despite lack of scenes [LATEST] Speaking of a fan "obsession" with real-life serial killers, Penn said of You: "To me, [You] is not even in the realm, it's in a climate of that. "We're really a show that is exploring the sort of love that we've seen depicted in other shows that I've been in. "It's in that wheelhouse, much more than true crime to me, but it's using the pallet of true crime because that's actually what people love to watch." He also opened up about the mental battles with starring as a serial killer. Detailing the steps needed to step out of his killing character, Penn admitted he uses "prayer and meditation". He said: "Spirituality is what he helps me to leave [and to] not concern myself." Part one of season four was described by Penn as a "who done it" and he said part two is a "dramatic return to what we do best with this show." "I love the who done it vibe," he admitted. "But it's not what we do, and it was a necessary detour to stretch the limits and get a lot of change." You seasons 1-4 are now available to stream on Netflix.