Tottenham defender Eric Dier has insisted that it is ‘time to move on’ from Richarlison’s outburst at Antonio Conte with the issue now ‘solved’ internally. The forward had described the club’s season as ‘s***’ as he hit out at the Italian for dropping him to the bench for the encounters with Wolves and AC Milan. Richarlison’s first season in north London has not gone as he would have hoped so far as repeated injuries have curtailed him from gaining any kind of momentum. He is yet to find the net in the Premier League, scoring just twice for the club with both goals coming against Marseille in the Champions League. The Brazilian finally earned himself a sustained run in the first team starting in the wins over West Ham and Chelsea as well as the FA Cup defeat to Sheffield United. However, he returned to the bench for the games against Wolves and Milan and he was not afraid to make his frustrations clear. “It was going well in a good sequence with two wins against West Ham and Chelsea,” he said following the Milan game when asked about being sent back to the sidelines. "Suddenly, he put me on the bench against Wolverhampton and put me on for five minutes. I asked why? They didn't tell me anything. Read more... Football news LIVE - Man Utd face nervy wait, Liverpool eye £62m deal [LIVE] "This season, excuse the word, it's been s***, because I don't have minutes, I suffered a little with the injury. But, when I enter the field, I give my life. I came from two games well, I think that's it, I think I should have played and I don't have to cry about it." Yet, rather than punish Richarlison by leaving him out the side for the weekend’s encounter with Nottingham Forest, Conte gave him a place in the starting lineup in place of Dejan Kulusevski. He impressed during his run out, winning the penalty for Harry Kane’s second and laying on the assist for Son Heung-min’s clincher while he also missed out on his elusive Premier League goal following a tight offside call. Now Dier has confirmed that the issue of Richarlison’s post-Milan comments has been solved after the players and staff sorted the matter internally. “Yes, of course, I think we solved it between us. And that is among us,” Dier told ESPN Brazil. “I think from the moment we solved it, we started saying 'we will not continue to talk about it, or continue to punish him'. Don't miss... Man Utd ‘concerned about Levy’ and have two Kane back-up options [LATEST] Tottenham transfer talks for Lenglet at 'standstill' and may collapse [GOSSIP] Tottenham make decision on talking to Conte replacements right now [NEWS] “It happened, we solved between us and that's it. Now is time to move on. I think he made a great game today. It's his quality of him, he plays with the heart, lives with the heart. And sometimes he has to be able to control it in the best way off the field.” Tottenham face Southampton in their next Premier League encounter and Richarlison will hope he has done enough to keep his place in the team long-term. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE