Meghan Markle "had a lot of fun" at her wedding reception in 2018 as she danced all around, Hollywood legend Idris Elba has revealed. The Duchess of Sussex was "real" during the private reception after a global TV audience of 1.9 billion watched the former Suits actress get married to Prince Harry on May 19, 2018. The actor, who looked back fondly on his time deejaying the reception held at Frogmore House, shared details of the wild party that followed the wedding, revealing what happened when the A-listers danced late into the night away from prying cameras. He told ET Canada Meghan was the one person who appeared to be taking the most pleasure from the party. He said: "I think Meghan was the one that was really like letting it go. "You know, she was real, she just had a lot of fun – it was her wedding, so she had the greatest time." He also admitted being "so nervous" when Harry asked him to deejay. In an interview with Ellen DeGeneres, he thought Harry was joking. "I was like: is this a joke? Are you joking?" he told the TV host. He added: "That was an incredible experience, I was curating the music for that night, so it was a lot of pressure, but it was a great vibe." Other celebrities at the royal wedding included the likes of Oprah Winfrey, David and Victoria Beckham, Amal and George Clooney, Sir Elton John and Joss Stone whom all made an appearance at St George’s Chapel. Mr Elba's revelation came within hours of Harry and Meghan deciding they would style their children as Prince Archie Harrison and Princess Lilibet Diana. READ MORE: Lili's title will move her 'beyond' the 'normal' childhood planned The decision was confirmed shortly after Princess Lilibet’s christening in Montecito last Friday. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." The spokesperson added Archie and Lilibet were granted their titles under royal rules, meaning that they were eligible to use them since Harry’s father King Charles rose to the throne in September. The spokesperson said: "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace." Don't miss... Lilibet's title shows Harry is 'attempting reconciliation' with royals [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle updates Archewell website to detail how she marked IWD [LATEST] Meghan Markle beams in first public outing since children's new titles [REPORT] Buckingham Palace said it will update the royal website to reflect Archie and Lilibet's titles in "due course". The titles follow the precedent set by George V's 1917 letters patent, which granted the title of prince or princess to the sovereign's male line grandchildren. This is the first time it has been confirmed that the titles will be used by the children. READ NEXT:Harry and Meghan slammed by Piers Morgan for 'demanding' kids' titlesHarry's 'rudeness' would have ‘appalled Diana', says Vanessa FeltzIdris Elba spills on the best dancer at Harry and Meghan’s weddingArchie and Lilibet risk becoming 'royal celebrities', author saysLilibet's christening 'disjointed' due to distance between Royals