A lottery winner who forked out £10,000 for boob jobs for herself and her sisters has revealed her life after winning the jackpot has not all been perfectly happy. Sarah Cockings, from Whitley Bay, made £3million in her lottery win in 2005 - but has now revealed how the "fuss" around the lottery win changed their relationship. Sarah celebrated her winnings with her partner of three years, Roy Kelley, who she would later be engaged to after he bought her a £2,500 platinum diamond engagement ring. When she nabbed the winning numbers, she had been living at home with her parents. But the lucky ticket holder, who was 21 when she secured the huge win, has now revealed that the romance ended the following year. She said: "It's very sad, but Roy and I have decided that we should split up. We've realised we're better off as friends than in a couple. It's just one of those things, but we both agreed to call it a day."   She added: "I've been going out with Roy for over three years and he's a really great bloke. "I think we both got swept away with the fuss around the Lottery win and now things have settled down and life is back to normal we realise we're just not in love with each other anymore. "Everyone knows that some relationships just run their course. There's no one else involved and I know there'll be people who say it's because of my Lottery win or that I've changed, but that's just not the way it happened." READ MORE: Youngest lottery winner who blew millions is off to university [REVEAL]  Sarah added that she still shops in Topshop and goes to the same pubs in Whitley Bay with her sisters, describing the £3million win as "just a bonus". At the time of her winnings, she was a social care student at Northumbria University. Not only did Ms Cockings treat herself and her sisters to boob jobs, she also bought her parents a new house. She won't be fooled by anyone trying to date her for the sake of her money, though, saying: "There are people out there like that who might want to date me because of my win, but I'm pretty switched on so I won't be manipulated by anyone like that." Don't miss... Man ordered to pay back wife after hiding £1 million lottery win [REVEAL] 'Out of pocket' mum claims National Lottery haven't sent her winnings [INSIGHT] Man left 'ecstatic' after largest ever Powerball Lottery win [REPORT]