The Premier League has now informed the BBC that players from its 12 clubs playing in top-flight fixtures on Saturday will not speak to Match of the Day. Producers from the highlights show will not be able to request players or managers for their usual pre- and post-match interviews. Players apparently informed the PFA that they wanted to pull out of their regular media duties with the BBC this weekend over Lineker's removal from Match of the Day. The BBC is a Premier League broadcast rights holder, so is therefore granted access to interviews with managers and several players from each team for its coverage. But that will now not happen this weekend after Lineker was pulled from Saturday's top-flight highlights programme. The BBC took exception to a tweet from the 62-year-old presenter which criticised the government's Illegal Migration Bill and likened language used by ministers to Nazi Germany. DON'T MISS... MOTD commentators boycott BBC show as Gary Lineker decision backfires [LINEKER LATEST] Match of the Day pundits Ian Wright and Alan Shearer, in addition to its usual army of commentators, have boycotted this weekend's show in a display of solidarity with Lineker. Football Focus presenter Alex Scott has since pulled out of her show too. The BBC says it has been told players and managers from the 12 teams participating in Saturday's fixtures will not take requests for interviews. A PFA statement read: “We have been informed that players involved in today’s games will not be asked to participate in interviews with Match of the Day. The PFA have been speaking to members who wanted to take a collective position and to be able to show their support for those who have chosen not to be part of tonight’s programme. “During those conversations we made clear that, as their union, we would support all members who might face consequences for choosing not to complete their broadcast commitments. This is a common sense decision that ensures players won’t now be put in that position." DON'T MISS... BBC to air Match of the Day with NO pundits at all amid Lineker saga [MOTD CRISIS] Scott responds to MOTD links as BBC stung by Richards over Lineker row [LATEST] Shearer joins Lineker and Wright in MOTD exodus as BBC row rages on [REACTION] The BBC is set to run a streamlined version of Match of the Day with no studio coverage, punditry or their usual commentators. It comes after usual guests Ian Wright and Alan Shearer pulled out of Saturday’s show in solidarity with Lineker. Jermaine Jenas and Scott - two BBC presenters tipped to replace Lineker - also ruled themselves out of the programme. A BBC statement read: "Some of our pundits have said that they don't wish to appear on the programme while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary. We understand their position and we have decided that the programme will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry."