A surge of beavers has been branded "Beavermania" thanks to their numbers reaching alarming proportions in the UK. The rodents are now a protected species in the UK, with an estimated 2,000 individuals living there. Though that figure is small when compared to other animals on the loose in Britain, fears have been raised that areas could soon be "heaving with beavers". Beavers were reintroduced with the intention of aiding the environment by helping to regrow certain trees such as willow, hazel, rowan, and aspen, which, in turn, would increase bird populations. Ongoing trials are being conducted at a cost of £20,000 to introduce them into additional areas. However, some have raised concerns about the population increase, with one farmer and author, John Lewis-Stempel, criticizing the cost and the methods used to protect "wild" animals by fencing them in. He also disputes the claim made by Rewilding Britain that beavers are vegan and do not eat fish or other animals. Mr Lewis-Stempel wrote in Unherd: "Beavermania needs a cold shower of reality. "The 'rewilding superstar' is herbivorous; veganism is a human philosophical choice, and reintroducing them comes with negatives, for the environment and for people. "The standard model of beaver re-introduction is to initially fence the 'wild' animals in enclosures of about two hectares. "Since beavers both burrow and climb, the fencing has to be heavy duty stuff: installation, per beaver introduction, easily costs £30,000."  Don't miss... Natural disaster planners could use animals as warning systems  [LATEST] Mystery hippo-like carcass found on New Zealand beach  [LATEST] China's police gets rodent recruits with drug sniffing squirrels [LATEST] Mr Lewis-Stempel argued that the damming has destructive consequences regardless of if the dam is man-made or animal in origin. He wrote: "Beavers chop down the trees, of course, in order to build dams, and as any child who has ever played in a ditch or stream will explain, impede flowing water and you get flooding behind the impediment. "When a dam built by humans floods a village, we protest, but when a beavers’ dam causes flooding, we call it a biodiverse wetland paradise – yet it is no less destructive, of both infrastructure and agricultural land." Mr Lewis-Stempel has not completely disapproved of Beavermania" acknowledging that these animals can be fascinating representatives of nature and have value in attracting tourists. However, he also expressed concern that if the countryside and small towns become "heaving with beavers", they may lose their appeal. He said: "When they cause the environment more problems than they solve, we will regret idealising them."