Older Britons on the full new state pension will get paid over £10,000 a year once the triple lock is reintroduced in April. Concerns have been raised over whether the subsequent payments hikes to payments will continue for years to come. Andrew Tully, the technical director for Canada Life, has called for a “sensible debate” regarding the triple lock among politicians and stakeholders. He explained: “This may also be an opportune time to consider the longer-term future of the state pension triple lock. “Any changes would be hugely controversial. But it’s worth remembering the state pensions of today’s retirees are paid for from the tax receipts of today’s workers. “So there should be a sensible debate around the intergenerational fairness and affordability of the state pension in its current format.” READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance The retirement expert not that keeping the triple lock may not be an expensive future Governments will be able to afford to keep. Mr Tully added: “Every one percent increase in the state pension costs the taxpayer £900million, each year. “That’s a hugely expensive state benefit today but looking ahead even more so, as the ratio of workers to retirees is forecast to change. “By 2045 the number of people of pensionable age will grow to 15.2 million, an increase of 28 percent on the level in 2020. There is a tricky balancing act for Government as it looks to the medium and long-term sustainability of this policy.” Through this pledge, the Government raises peoples’ state pensions every year to help with the cost of living. The triple lock was first introduced in 2010 and has been an important metric in determining by how much payments are raised. State pensions go up either by the rate of inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent; whichever is the highest. Last year, the link to average earnings was temporarily scrapped due to wages being artificially inflated due the Government’s furlough scheme. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing As a result, pensioners did not receive a much-needed payment increase while dealing with the coronavirus pandemic. However, during his Autumn Statement last year, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed the triple lock would fully return in a boon for state pensioners. Retirees will see the new and basic state pension increased by 10.1 percent in April 2023, a significant rise from last year. This is based on September 2022’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation rate and is the current rate of inflation as of today. When implemented, the full new state pension will go up from £185.15 weekly to £203.85 per week. The full basic state pension shall be raised from a weekly payment of £141.85 to £156.20 over the same period. Rate hikes are being applied as of April 6, 2023, and someone on the full new state pension will be in receipt of £10,600.20 per year. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt will outline any further changes to the state pension in his Budget announcement on March 15, 2023.