Peter Schmeichel aimed a cheeky dig at Jamie Carragher on Tuesday night after the former Liverpool defender took plenty of joy in poking fun at Manchester United's historic defeat at Anfield over the weekend. The Red Devils were hit for seven at the home of their bitter rivals and Carragher did not let Schmeichel forget about it as the pair worked as pundits on CBS Sports to cover Chelsea's win over Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League. Carragher, who sipped from a can of 7up in the studio, made no shortage of jokes at Schmeichel's expense involving the number seven before kick-off but was left red-faced when the Dane hit back by bringing up his unfortunate own goal record in the Premier League as part of a clever response."I'm very, very, very sorry Jamie that I didn't hear it," said Schmeichel when asked if he had gotten over Carragher's relentless digs about United's humiliating defeat on Sunday afternoon."I didn't hear any of it. We had terrible sound troubles, it's all sorted out now. I know you prepared and it took you a long time to come up with that. You forgot one thing, though, when it goes to seven that's your seven own goals that you scored!" JUST IN: Rio Ferdinand slaughters UEFA rules after Chelsea get away with one Schmeichel's comments arrived after a series of cruel jibes from Carragher, who shoehorned the number seven into each and every question he asked the former United goalkeeper before Chelsea's win over Dortmund at Stamford Bridge.He said: "Peter, we’re getting to that stage now with the Champions League where we’re getting into March, the seventh of March, for me it feels really important now. These games are cut-throat, as I said, into March on the seventh, how important does it feel being at the Bridge?" The jokes continued as the pair discussed the future of Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham, with Carragher adding: "He’s a superstar, we feel he’s going to move on in the summer, what type of price tag are we talking about? We feel it will have to start with a seven and you go from there."Carragher even managed to throw the number into a question regarding Wednesday's game between Tottenham and AC Milan, with the Italian champions leading the tie on aggregate after their first-leg victory at the San Siro last month."Peter, you’re going to be at AC Milan tomorrow," said Carragher. "How big a problem would that be if they go out of the Champions League? We are talking about the seven-time winners. I mean seven times winning the Champions League." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.