Napoli superstar Khvicha Kvaratskhelia put another screamer in his catalogue on Saturday evening with a superb solo effort against Atalanta. The Georgian trickster could be the subject of an epic transfer battle between Arsenal, Manchester City and others at the end of the season. Kvaratskhelia burst onto the scene this campaign, having spent last term with Rubin Kazan in Russia and Dinamo Batumi in his homeland. It did not take Napoli fans long to realise that they had unearthed a gem for a bargain fee, thought to be less than £10million. The 22-year-old winger has 32 goal contributions in 33 matches across all competitions this season while catching the eye with formidable performances against Liverpool in the Champions League. He has also been integral in Napoli's push for the title, with their 18-point buffer unlikely to be clawed back. Arsenal are reportedly keeping tabs on Kvaratskhelia, while Man City are also touted to be in the hunt. He showed fans exactly why on Saturday with a mesmerising goal against Atalanta.  Don't miss... Bradford keeper commits freak blunder due to rugby pitch marking [SPOTTED] Receiving the ball from flying team-mate Victor Osimhen, Kvaratskhelia dribbled to the edge of the box where he squared up three defenders, cut onto his right foot, then onto his left and finally back onto his right before dispatching a powerful effort into the roof of the net. By the time the ball crossed the line, an almost comedic crowd of seven white Atalanta shirts surrounded the youngster but none could get near him as Kvaratskhelia's latest wonderstrike elevated him closer to global stardom.  Read more... Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [REPORT] BBC coverage of 4 events in jeopardy as co-workers stand with Lineker [LATEST] Mourinho once told duo to get sent off and was punished by UEFA [FEATURE] Along with Arsenal and City, Newcastle are reported to be monitoring Kvaratskhelia's progress with Napoli's resolve sure to be tested this summer. Suitors from the Premier League could have a tough job convincing the player, however, amid claims by his agent that Real Madrid is the ultimate dream. "[Kvaratskhelia's] father and I are Barcelona fans," said Mamuka Jugheli. "But Kvara loves Real Madrid. If I see him in a Barca shirt I'll be happy, but he is Madridista. The Napoli director has asked me not to be in a hurry - Kvara likes everything in Napoli."  Amir Rrahmani scored Napoli's second against Atalanta to push the Azzurri closer to a first league title since 1990. Kvaratskhelia could be joined by Osimhen in leaving the Italian giants this summer, providing the asking price is met. Manchester United are heavily linked to the Nigerian frontman, who leads the Serie A scoring charts by a five-goal margin this campaign. It remains to be seen whether Napoli would be willing to let both players leave in the same window. 