Patrick Stewart has returned to one of his most iconic roles for a third time on Paramount+ this year, and Star Trek fans have been thrilled by the latest adventures of Captain Jean-Luc Picard. Unfortunately, the series’ showrunner has been forced to step in following complaints the streaming service has been ruining the show’s image. Terry Matalas has assured fans Picard’s streaming issues have been fixed after Trekkies complained the latest episode was too dark. User @caseytube spotted the issues and posted a side-by-side comparison of the latest episode on Twitter. The screengrab features Stewart sitting at a lit table, though his body is completely consumed by the darkness in the unadjusted image. Hey @TerryMatalas @StarTrekOnPPlus I hate to inform you but it looks like the colour grading on Ep4 is messed up again,” the fan wrote. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers “I’m on Amazon Prime US on an iPhone with HDR and the blacks are completely crushed.” Matalas noticed the complaint and swooped in to assure fans the Paramount engineers were hard at work trying to fix the streaming error. He replied: “Hi everyone, #StarTrekPicard 304 is supposed to look like it does on the right. Not on the left. “We are trying to fix this BIZARRE technical error for a second time. If you CAN’T wait, I encourage you to watch it a second time when it looks right later.” He went on to apologise to a number of fans who had also pointed out the issue. “We are trying to fix it,” the showrunner added. “Very sorry. You can imagine how upset I am.” Matalas later confirmed: “UPDATE: I’m told it’s fixed! Go boldly!” Frustrated fan @MD_Builds replied, asking: “Curious what's causing it? A bad HDR profile in the meta data or something?” Don't miss... Yellowstone ‘in trouble’ as Kevin Costner lands new role [INSIGHT] William and Kate’s ‘first meeting’ spotted in The Crown filming snaps [LATEST] The Good Lawyer star opens up on ‘debilitating OCD’ [INTERVIEW] To which Matalas cryptically responded with a clip of floating code from The Matrix, suggesting there had been an unknown glitch. Despite the showrunner’s assurances the episode had been fixed, more fans continued to claim the brightness issue hadn’t gone away. @bjthemole said: “Still stupid dark here in the south west region if that helps any.” Though they later confirmed: “Well sir I guess I needed patience. It is working now here on both Android and iPads. Thanks for all the help and an awesome season so far.” And Jay Stobie said: “Thank you for staying on this! It's actually still dark on the Paramount+ app on my iPad “(I compared it to episode three to make sure it wasn't my device). My RokuTV looks about the same. “I also uninstalled and then reinstalled the app on my iPad, still no change.” Outside of this week’s streaming issues, Picard’s third season has received rave reviews so far, and fans have been thrilled to see the Star Trek favourite reunite with plenty of his old crewmates. Star Trek: Picard season 3 continues Thursdays on Paramount+.