Stacey (played by Lacey Turner) hasn't had the easiest time in Walford as the cost of living crisis began to take its toll. Her bap business alongside Eve Unwin (Heather Peace) took a hit despite the pair working hard to keep their small venture alive. Official EastEnders spoilers reveal Stacey struggles to cope and settles for a job working alongside her mother Jean Slater (Gillian Wright) but could end up taking on more than she can handle. In recent scenes, Stacey has been struggling with the fact her first daughter Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) is expecting her first child. Alongside this, her money struggles began when her ex-boyfriend Ryan Malloy (Neil McDermott) cut off her child support. Lily chose not to move up North with Ryan, which meant he decided he would find another way to get back at the family. He explained to Stacey he wouldn't be stumping up any more money for Stacey or Lily, just as the cost of living crisis kicked in. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ In upcoming scenes, Stacey continues to worry about money when Lily reveals she needs a new uniform. Whitney’s circumstance surrounding her recent abortion is playing heavily on her mind, leaving Stacey to feel more grateful than ever for her family. Determined not to let her money worries affect her family, Stacey is on the hunt for extra work and asks Linda for a part-time shift at The Vic. Linda declines to help leading Jean to secure additional cleaning work for them both. Stacey is left exhausted after taking on night shifts with Jean and accidentally scolds her hand as she rushes to open the bap-van. At the clinic, Stacey has a heart-to-heart with Sonia about her mum-guilt and money struggles, admitting she is struggling to cope. Stacey has struggled with her mental health and her bipolar diagnosis in the past, so could the pressure of two jobs send her spiralling? Lacey Turner recently opened up about the storyline surrounding money and being able to provide for the family. She explained: "She’s [Stacey] lucky that she’s got a lot of people around her so that she can go out at night to do office cleaning jobs. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed'  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [WATCH]BBC facing calls for investigation into Ken Bruce's 'insensitive' exit [LATEST] "She’s got Martin Fowler (James Bye), Eve, Jean, Alfie Moon (Shane Richie), Freddie Slater (Bobby Brazier) and all these people to help with the children. "So she’s lucky in that sense but I think, like any person, it’s hard to juggle two jobs, three children, school, food etc. "She’s struggling but somehow manages, but I think that’s down to her good support network." EastEnders viewers were recently given an insight into what they can expect from the BBC soap this coming Christmas as the women of Walford are implicated in a murder. In flashforward scenes, Stacey was seen standing with Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), Linda, Denise Fox (Diane Parish) and Cathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) with a mysterious male body on the floor. Soap boss Chris Clenshaw has recently admitted Stacey will have to do something she's never done before in a shocking twist. Speaking about the upcoming storyline in regards to Stacey, he said: "Not only has Stacey been dealing with the rising cost of living, but also struggling to keep her pregnant daughter out of harm’s way. "This year Stacey finds herself doing something she’s never done before in an effort to protect her family and unborn grandchild." EastEnders airs weekdays from 7:30pm on BBC One.