Sarah Ferguson has been tipped to appear at the Oscars ceremony on Sunday night as she spends more time in the US promoting her novels and her career away from royal life. The Duchess may even be presenting an award thanks to her close connections with the Presley family. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Fergie's role at the Oscars comes thanks to her close with the late Lisa Marie Presley, whose funeral she spoke at earlier this year. The biopic Elvis has been nominated for eight awards at the ceremony, which will be broadcast this Sunday March 12. A source told The Sun: "There have been discussions about The Duchess attending and it now looks as though that will happen — the plan is for her to present an award. "She has been a very close friend of the Presley family, especially Elvis’ daughter Lisa Marie, and she even spoke at her funeral recently. "That sparked some conversations about the possibility of her attending – and after some back and forth it looks like it’s happening." Fergie has been on the promotional trail in the US this week for her new historical romance A Most Intriguing Lady, which is published today (March 7). The source added: "It’s a big deal to have her there, but it’s a big deal for the Duchess too. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan’s ‘modern’ language helps US enjoy relatable royalty "America looks likely to play a big part in her future after the problems in the UK over recent years." Fergie has recently become embroiled in another scandal involving her ex-husband Prince Andrew as he faces being kicked out of his home at Royal Lodge. Despite divorcing in 1996, the two have remained close and Fergie still lives with Andrew at the Windsor property. They have become even closer following the death of Prince Philip in April 2021, who was fiercely opposed to their post-divorce relationship. Don't miss... Prince Harry 'won't come to Coronation' to 'punish' Royal Family [LATEST] Harry and Meghan's Frogmore eviction will 'only make things worse' [SPOTLIGHT] Harry and Meghan tipped to ignore 'pettiness and envy' for Coronation [REVEAL] However the couple may no longer be able to afford to stay at Royal Lodge once Andrew's annual subsidy from the Privy Purse is cut in April. Last week it was revealed that Fergie has befriended a mysterious Texas billionaire, property magnate Trammell Crow Jr. A source said: "It’s not as if he and Fergie don’t have form for sparking up these friendships, and in the past there has always been something in it for them. "So when Fergie started booking flights to Texas and putting multiple meetings in her diary with such a wealthy American, it sparked some interesting questions." 