Hellmann’s has released a new “smart jar” which tells you if your fridge is too warm – in a bid to reduce food waste. Using heat-sensitive ink, the label on the mayonnaise jar reveals hidden messages and quirky graphics – once temperatures drop below five degrees. Any foods kept at higher temperatures are likely to deteriorate at a faster rate – and this includes shop-bought mayonnaise, once opened. The new prototype “smart jar” label, unveiled to mark Food Waste Action Week 2023 (March 6th-12th), was designed by illustrator Ellen Porteus. This follows a prior study by food waste charity, WRAP, which reported the average fridge temperature in the UK is seven degrees – way above the optimum three to five. Fresh foods like milk, fruit, and vegetables particularly benefit from being stored at five degrees or less – as they can last three or more longer days as a result. Conversely, harmful bacteria can grow rapidly on any food stored in temperatures eight degrees or higher. Rachel Chambers, of Hellmann’s, said: “We know how important it is to make the most of the food you buy. “We’re constantly looking to help consumers reduce food waste and save money, and we think “smart jar” is an innovative way to get people talking about – and solving – this massive problem.” The condiment maker’s partner, WRAP, has also developed an online tool explaining how to set any brand of fridge to the optimum temperature – to reduce food waste. Catherine David, director of collaboration and change at WRAP, said: “Every year more than 4.5 million tonnes of perfectly good food goes to waste in our homes, which could have been eaten. “This costs the average family upwards of £700 a year – money none of us can afford to waste. “Incorrect storage is a key trigger for food going off, and getting the fridge temperature right can help food stay fresher for longer. “I'm delighted WRAP has worked with Hellmann’s on this exciting trial. We need innovations like this pilot jar to help us make simple changes in our lives that will pay dividends.”