Daryan Zahawi (played by Twana Omer) said his goodbyes to his fellow Weatherfield residents in scenes which aired last week. It was an emotional moment for Coronation Street viewers as they watched the teenager embrace Alya Nazir (Sair Khan) before he left the Cobbles for good. His appearance may have been short-lived, but Twana's storyline touched upon really important issues within the soap. Last year, his character was involved in a harrowing plot that dealt with racism and far-right extremism. However, despite leaving Weathefield, the actor has reportedly landed himself a new role in a Broadway play titled The Jungle. According to reports, the former soap star will appear in the show in New York until the end of March. READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... He will then join the stage production again at the end of April in Washington. In November, Daryan was the centre of a major storyline after his character was attacked by racist thugs. “You don't belong here," they fumed before warning him to “speak English.” The scenes sparked outrage among viewers, with 112 complaints being made to the broadcasting watchdog, Ofcom. The actor's last scene saw him saying an emotional goodbye to Alya. "I couldn't leave without saying goodbye," Daryan said as he walked through the door. "I didn't realise it would be today," she replied as he added: "My train leaves at eight o'clock." An emotional Alya told him: "It's the right thing to do." Don't miss... William and Kate savaged by James Corden as he mocks waxwork of royals [LATEST] Emmerdale double exit as fans plead for soap to write out character [SPOILERS] Emmerdale couple torn apart as Marshall is put in grave danger  [INSIGHT] "I'm gonna miss you guys so much," the teenager continued. "Especially you, you did so much and gave me a chance." He added: "You're so brave, you know. Griff and his friends don't stand a chance." Fans were left gutted to see the teenager leave the soap, and many took to social media at the time to share their thoughts. Jamie wrote: "Daryan saying goodbye to Alya #Corrie." @MatthewMitt6 wrote: "Ugh so Daryan's gone, had potential #corrie." While @JamieTVandNews added: "Daryan's such a nice lad. I'll miss him even though he's been it for only a short time #Corrie." Coronation Street airs Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV.