Arsenal have been dealt a blow in their summer plans to recruit a midfielder for Mikel Arteta after Moises Caicedo opted to sign a new contract with Brighton. It means that chief Edu Gaspar has only one target left to chase in the next transfer window, with West Ham captain Declan Rice firmly in his sights. The Gunners chased Caicedo for the majority of the January transfer window and had three bids rejected for the Ecuadorian midfielder as Brighton held firm on their £90million valuation. That figure put Caicedo out of their reach, with Arsenal's highest bid believed to have been £75m including add-ons. And the Seagulls have now taken the opportunity to reward the 21-year-old with a bumper new contract, which will expire in 2027 with an option of a further year. While such a move is unlikely to end all speculation regarding his future, it puts Brighton in a far stronger negotiating position and Arsenal may need to look elsewhere to strengthen their midfield. Edu Gaspar has proved to be an astute operator in the transfer market, securing talents such as Gabriel Martinelli for small fees and even stablished stars like Martin Odegaard for bargain prices. DON'T MISS: Arsenal target Caicedo signs Brighton deal despite agent's criticism And it appears the Brazilian will now need to scour the market to find another midfielder to target and satisfy Arteta's demand for another tough-tackling general. Rice has emerged as the most likely candidate to take Thomas Partey's place in the midfield as concerns continue to hang over the Ghanaian's long-term fitness. The 24-year-old is one of the most consistent performers in the Premier League and his performances have attracted interest from Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester United. Now that Caicedo is out of the picture, Arsenal may have to focus their efforts on trying to secure Rice's signature in the summer as the midfielder looks likely to depart the London Stadium. His contract is due to expire in 2024 and with the England international yet to sign a renewal, West Ham will seek to cash in on the £100m-rated midfielder. DON'T MISSRoy Keane and Ian Wright disagree on Arsenal and Man Utd target RiceArsenal want to sign three players and Rice as summer plans emergeArsenal to sell two players in summer and Arteta could axe three more The Gunners are concentrating their efforts on their title push ahead of their home clash with Bournemouth on Saturday, with Mikel Arteta's side in pole position to end a 19-year wait for a Premier League title. But away from the pitch, Edu will be preparing an offer to entice Rice into swapping east London for the north side of the capital. Smart recruitment choices over the past two years and the development of youth at the club have propelled Arsenal back into contention after two dire years. Their recent uplift in stature has seen them competing for some of the most talented players around - and Rice would certainly fit the bill after excelling at both club and international level. Manchester City's interest in the midfielder could throw a spanner in the works, but Pep Guardiola may have to offload players such as Kalvin Phillips and Bernardo Silva first before they can consider a move. In the meantime, Edu has the chance to pounce and make up for the disappointment of missing out on Caicedo. 