It was the great French philosopher Voltaire who declared during an argument: “I loathe what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it.” Sadly, the values of our modern age are sliding in the opposite direction. In place of liberty, there is a clamour for censorship. Respectful debate is being eroded by the shrill cancel culture, whereby individuals can be barred from public platforms or even hounded from their jobs simply for expressing views that others find unacceptable. The impulse to silence alternative voices is exacerbated by social media, which encourages participants to demonise those who do not share their views. Intolerance, conflict and abuse are too often the products of this virtual forum. The furore over the immediate future of Gary Lineker, the BBC’s top football presenter, is the latest, most explosive example of this trend. As a player, Lineker was one of England’s greatest strikers, and since his move into broadcasting he has become an increasingly controversial figure, owing to his vast £1.35million salary and his fashionable, Left-wing opinions. To his critics, he is the embodiment of the smug progressive elite, parading his compassionate outlook while he rakes in a fortune from licence fee payers. This negative image helped to stoke the flames of the row that has now engulfed the corporation, after Lineker last week used Twitter to launch an incendiary attack on the Tory Government’s plan to tackle illegal immigration, drawing an odious parallel with Nazi Germany in the 1930s. Amid the outrage that followed, Lineker temporarily was suspended by the BBC Director General Tim Davie from his role as the frontman for Match of the Day for breaching impartiality rules, a decision which has been resolved tonight. But the corporation was thrown into crisis, as other presenters and staff walked out in solidarity. Throughout the weekend, live sports coverage was drastically curtailed. What the disruption exposed was the true spirit of some at the BBC in all its woke glory. A frisson of excitement ran through the organisation at the chance not only to denounce Tory immigration policy but also to pose as the vanguard of a humanitarian rebellion and the protectors of free speech. Yet the very campaigners now shrieking about Lineker’s right to free expression are usually at the forefront of moves to marginalize speakers they dislike, particularly on issues like diversity, Brexit or transgenderism. The double standards, however, work both ways. In recent days, the airwaves have echoed to the sound of opponents of the cancel culture now arguing that Lineker should be dis- missed. His display of political bias, we were told, makes him unfit to present a football show. But this is a dangerous road to travel. Supporters of liberty cannot pick and choose the causes they back on the basis of political allegiance. As it happens, I think Lineker’s comment about Nazi Germany was a travesty of history and profoundly offensive, particularly to the families of those who were killed in the Holocaust. Almost as grotesque was his subsequent claim that he would go on speaking out for the “voiceless”. There is nothing “voiceless” about the swelling numbers of illegal migrants who make it across the Channel. On the contrary, they have on their side the Labour Party, the Liberal Democrats, an army of taxpayer-funded lawyers, and a network of pressure groups. But Lineker’s self-regard and posturing have nothing to do with his job as a football presenter. His detractors claim that, as its best-paid star, he is “the public face” of the BBC and therefore must be above suspicion. But that argument both exaggerates his status and patronises viewers, as if they are all so gullible as to treat his Twitter outbursts as gospel. The implication of driving out Lineker for political partisanship is that rigid impartiality tests would have to be introduced for all BBC staff, presenters, actors and even freelancers. Would Lord Sugar of the Apprentice survive? After all, he is a Twitter enthusiast occasionally given to pungent political commentary. Will it be the last call for Radio 4 legend Melvyn Bragg, a Labour peer, or Mark Steel, socialist comic? What about actors like Steve Coogan, and Martin Freeman of Sherlock, who have both made party political broadcasts for Labour? Equally, questions could be asked about the BBC’s new chairman, Richard Sharp, a major Tory donor, and Davie himself, a former Conservative councillor. A Puritan insistence on absolutists’ impartiality would paralyse the corporation. This crisis will only end if the BBC chiefs face up to that reality.