Under-fire Chelsea boss Graham Potter will have been hugely relieved by the full-time whistle at Stamford Bridge on Tuesday evening, confirming that his side had reached the Champions League quarter-finals with their 2-0 win over Borussia Dortmund in the second leg of the last 16. However, the sound of Blues co-owner Todd Boehly bellowing with joy in the tunnel will have been enjoyed by the former Brighton man just as much. Boehly was in attendance again to watch Chelsea narrowly get past Dortmund to the final eight thanks to a Raheem Sterling goal and a controversial penalty by Kai Havertz, as the German initially missed his spot-kick only for it to be re-taken due to encroachment from the visitors, with Havertz stepping up once again to slot home the winning goal from 12 yards. As Potter was conducting his post-match media duties he was embraced by the American owner. CBS Sports caught Boehly in the tunnel cheering before giving Potter a big hug as the head coach went on to be interviewed by Peter Schmeichel. Boehly’s reaction marks a huge change in the chief’s feelings, having shown his brutal side following Saturday’s victory over Leeds. A reporter for Sky Sports asked Boehly: “Did you enjoy that today?” to which Boehly bluntly replied: “It’s a result.” Don't miss... Chelsea boss Graham Potter issues classy response to sack question [LATEST] The pressure was still firmly on Potter despite Wesley Fofana’s sole goal defeating Javi Gracia's outfit, though it may have been eased as Chelsea advanced to the quarter-finals of Europe’s top club competition, having scored two goals in a game for the first time in 2023. CBS claimed that Boehly was also holding a bottle of beer as he celebrated the win with Potter, perhaps indicating that the co-owner was in a party mood at the news that he did not have to sack another head coach, following the dismissal of Thomas Tuchel in September. Don't miss... Joe Cole and Owen Hargreaves agree on 'outstanding' Chelsea star [LATEST] Jude Bellingham labels Chelsea penalty fiasco 'a joke' after loss [LATEST] Graham Potter spotted in heated post-match exchange with Cucurella [LATEST] Boehly and Potter had a post-match meeting at Stamford Bridge as the man who orchestrated the win over Dortmund explained the outcome of it. "I'm still here," Potter said as he dismissed the speculation surrounding his job. "Inevitably in life, you are going to have bad times and you're going to have good times. Things are never bad forever, thankfully. But it felt like that sometimes." Chelsea, Potter and Boehly will hope that Tuesday’s victory can be a springboard for future success as the Blues will hope to continue their winning ways at Leicester on Saturday, before a three-game home spell against Everton, Aston Villa and Liverpool.