Chelsea head coach Graham Potter has hinted Mykhaylo Mudryk is in contention to play some part against Leicester City after revealing he held private talks with the winger following his tough start to life at Stamford Bridge. The £88million winger has dropped to the bench in recent weeks and is yet to score since his high-profile move from Shakhtar Donetsk as Potter opened up on his struggles. The Ukrainian is rated as one of the most talented wingers in Europe and certainly the west London club believed he was worth taking a gamble on, paying the third-highest fee in their history to beat Arsenal to his signature. But he has struggled to acclimatise to the Premier League so far after arriving off the back of a long spell without playing for Shakhtar. The 22-year-old has been left as an unused substitute in Chelsea's last two matches and was handed only 10 minutes to impress against Tottenham with the team already 2-0 down in his last cameo. READ MORE Graham Potter will get Chelsea sack if he cannot fix worrying problem [INSIGHT] Potter held talks with Mudryk earlier this week to discuss his position in the squad amid reports of a falling out with Marc Cucurella, and the Chelsea boss has addressed his difficulties since moving to England. "He certainly comes into the equation [for game time]," Potter said, when asked if Mudryk could replace Mason Mount in the squad against Leicester. "He’s a player we believe in a lot. He’s adapting to a new situation. When he arrived he was basically at the start of a pre-season. To hit the Premier League running is not easy to do." DON'T MISS Chelsea owner Boehly has laid down foundations for Harry Kane transfer [ANALYSIS] Chelsea keen on Dominik Szoboszlai as Erling Haaland 'consulted' [TRANSFERS] Chelsea backed to hijack Man Utd deal to sign 'next Drogba' Osimhen [GOSSIP] Chelsea go into Saturday's clash at the King Power Stadium with some indications that their dismal form is behind them after beating Leeds and Borussia Dortmund. Brendan Rodgers’ side, however, have lost their last four games in all competitions and only sit two points above the relegation zone, giving Potter another chance to build momentum with a win and potentially close the gap on ninth-placed Brentford. He will be without Reece James, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Thiago Silva and N'Golo Kante, while there are doubts over Raheem Sterling's participation due to a tight hamstring, and Potter is not underestimating the Foxes by any means. "It's always an opportunity to win. We have to play well," he added. "Leicester's results have been worse than performances. They've been a bit unfortunate, suffering from not the best of starts in terms of results."