The Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital is close to Princess Eugenie's heart as it is where she received an operation for her scoliosis as a child. On its Twitter, the hospital shared a video of the Princess, with the caption: "Today we welcomed HRH Princess Eugenie to @rnohnhs Prosthetic Rehab Unit. She met staff and several patients, including two-year-old Posie. The visit launched the new @thernohcharity campaign to make the 'Impossible Possible'." For her visit to the hospital, Eugenie kept her look simple with a black knitted dress and sheer black tights. She wore the combo with a pair of knee-high leather boots and a black and white coat. The coat featured a houndstooth print, a wide collar, and a sole button to close it at its centre. The coat was the "Morane" Houndstooth Coat from Sandro Paris, and Eugenie has been spotted wearing it on multiple past occasions. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures The garment is currently sold out, but when on sale it retailed for £420. Sandro Paris described the coat, saying: "Featuring a clean aesthetic for modern appeal, this straight-cut coat from Sandro will encompass your looks in effortless luxury. "The houndstooth fabric adds classic appeal to this otherwise minimalist design." Eugenie's boots were the "Brera" Knee-High Black Leather Boots from Aquazurra.  The Princess has been seen wearing these boots many times in the past too. She seems to have owned them since 2018. Although they are no longer available to buy, there are similar boots available on Aquazurra's website. Eugenie's hair was styled in loose curls and she wore a little eyeliner, mascara, and a little blush on her cheeks. As for jewellery, she donned a pair of simple gold hoops. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures Royal fans were quick to comment on Eugenie's outfit, with many praising her look. Instagram user @es.ndlpt said: "I’m loving the black and white classic combos and staples from Princess Eugenie and Princess Catherine today. This is such a great coat on her." User @rebpat1113 wrote: "That is how you wear print. Lovely and appropriate for the engagement." Emma Hurley commented: "Love this. She looks great and I am most definitely for a houndstooth revival!" User @birdnerd327 said: "She looks fab and her complexion is amazing! It’s always a hit when she’s wearing these boots over another pair that won’t be named." User @rose_mcguire91 wrote: "She looks amazing, I love that coat." Rachel Hannam said: "She looks amazing!! Love love love the whole look. You’ve got this Eugenie!" Susana Keh said: "She looks lovely." User @cattym63 wrote: "Love it!" User @sunshineandstars25 added: "She looks so cosy, I love it."