1000lb Sisters star Amy has reportedly been "struggling emotionally" after moving in with sister Tammy Slaton following her emotional break-up with husband Michael. She's left the couple's three-bedroom home in Kentucky and is trying to look after the youngsters "on her own". Amy is reportedly receiving some support from sister Tammy but is caring for two-year-old Gage and eight-month-old Glenn "without help from Michael". She has been "feeling overwhelmed" and is becoming "frustrated" after the couple quietly split after five years of marriage, reports The US Sun. "Amy says Michael is lazy and has been jealous of her attention toward the kids," a source has previously told the outlet. The insider claimed: "They've been having trouble since last year." READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Sources claim arguments started when Amy wanted kids Gage and Glenn to continue starring in the popular TLC reality programme. But Michael "doesn't want his sons to be on camera at all," they told the outlet. "Amy and Michael have been secretly arguing since October over the issue, among other topics," they claimed following the split. The couple has reportedly not yet filed for divorce in the state of Kentucky. Express.co.uk has contacted Amy's representatives for comment. Michael has made regular appearances on 1000lb Sisters and has been in a relationship with Amy for several years. They originally met in high school and were married on March 15, 2019, in Nashville, Tennessee. Their first child, Gage, was born in November 2020, just months after Amy’s gastric band surgery to reduce her weight. Don't miss... Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] 1000lb Sisters fans fear for Amy's son after 'concerning' detail  [LATEST] Amy Slaton admits she's still 'smiling' in new weight loss snaps [LATEST] Amy and Michael welcomed baby Glenn in July last year, and season four has revealed how the pregnancy has challenged her weight loss goals. Only recently, fans raised their concerns after spotting a "worrying" detail on Glenn's face in a new photograph uploaded by Amy. She was celebrating another milestone for the youngster as he turned eight months old after she welcomed the little one earlier last year. "Happy 8 months baby," Amy captioned the adorable uploads. But attention was quickly drawn to Glenn's face, where a small red area can be seen towards the baby's eyebrow and on his left cheek. Some were worried that he may have been "hurt", with @agaudett writing: "Happy 8m Birthday Glenn. Did he fall and hurt himself?" Account @andthen.thewolvescame added: "Kid looks like he was in a bar fight last night." While @ravensfan_13 asked: "What happened to her cute lil face? That's deeply concerning to me." (sic) 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.