One of football's most popular and iconic pundits Chris Kamara has received his MBE honour at Windsor Castle, as the Prince and Princess of Wales shared a joke announcing the news on social media. Kamara was given the honour for his services to football, charity and anti-racism at Windsor Castle in an investiture ceremony on Tuesday. "We’re off to Windsor Castle where there’s been an MBE, but for who @chris_kammy?" the Twitter account for the pair wrote, delighting fans in the comments as the news broke that the pundit has been honoured, after providing joy to those who enjoyed him regularly on Soccer Saturday for over 20 years. His famous quote came as he did not notice that Anthony Vanden Borre was once sent off during Portsmouth vs Blackburn in 2010, as host Jeff Stelling pointed in his direction and uttered a reply that has become synonymous with British football punditry as he did not know who was shown a red card. "Unbelievable Jeff" became Kamara's famous catchphrase, though the footballing community was surprised when his departure from Sky after 24 years was confirmed at the end of last season. Don't miss... Middlesbrough fans show support for 'unbelievable' Chris Kamara [LATEST] He later received support from the footballing community and wider when he went public about his apraxia of speech (AOS) diagnosis, claiming that he felt like "a fraud" as a broadcaster having learned he had the condition earlier this year. "Strange in terms of I feel a fraud now in terms of broadcasting – I don’t bring to the table what I used to," Kamara told the Diary of a CEO podcast. "So that’s hard. I feel I’m doing these programmes and they’re not getting the best of me, but they’re tolerating me. That’s how it feels."  Don't miss... Chris Kamara says 'my voice was my life' – apraxia of speech [LATEST] Chris Kamara addresses staying quiet over speech condition [LATEST] Chris Kamara regrets not getting health condition checked sooner  [LATEST] He was also diagnosed with an underactive thyroid in 2021 and has stepped away from the majority of his broadcasting roles due to the issue, though he has continued to host ITV shows Ninja Warrior UK and The Game. A documentary called for Lost For Words about Kamara coming to terms with the condition was broadcast in December, having been warmly welcomed upon his return to Middlesbrough in November after recently making his condition public. Kamara was an accomplished football before becoming a broadcaster, having been spotted by Portsmouth boss Ian St John when Kamara was in the Navy, before going on to make over 600 appearances for teams including Portsmouth, Swindon, Brentford, Stoke, Leeds, Luton, Sheffield United, Middlesbrough and Bradford. 