Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta insists he is fully focused on his job at the Emirates amid reports Real Madrid want him as their next manager. It has been claimed Los Blancos are eyeing the Spaniard to replace Carlo Ancelotti. Arteta is earning a growing reputation in Europe due to the performances of his Arsenal team. After missing out on Champions League qualification last season, the Gunners are flying high at the top of the Premier League table. He is aiming to lead Arsenal to their first top-flight title since 2004. But as his stock grows, so do rumours surrounding his future. Spanish outlet Remontada Blanca reports that Arteta could be the next manager Real pursue. Ancelotti is under pressure at the Bernabeu, with Real currently nine points adrift of La Liga leaders and closest rivals Barcelona.  Read more... Bruno Fernandes could be toast after Man Utd boss Ten Hag's comment [OPINION] However, Arteta was not willing to discuss any potential exit on Wednesday. He was asked about the prospect of replacing Ancelotti at his press conference ahead of Thursday's Europa League tie at Sporting Lisbon. But he was firm in his response. Arteta said: "It’s things that managers or players can’t control what is written. What I can tell is that I’m fully focused on what I’m doing here and extremely proud and grateful to do what I’m doing in this football club. That’s it." Arteta was appointed Arsenal manager in December 2019, his first job leading a senior team. He led the club to their 14th FA Cup triumph in his first season in charge. However, Arsenal could only finish eighth in his first full campaign as boss. The failure to finish in the top four last term then led to many calling for Gunners chiefs to make a change.  Don't miss... Inside Dele Alli's rocky romance with Pep Guardiola's model daughter [INSIGHT] Graham Potter spotted in heated post-match exchange with Cucurella [PICTURES] FIFA clear the path for Qatar takeover of Man Utd [REPORT] But the decision to stick by Arteta has paid off so far. Arsenal have won 20 of their 26 league matches this season, losing just three. Thursday's first leg against Sporting could be seen as a distraction to league action. Arteta is set to be without Leandro Trossard and Eddie Nketiah due to injury, while Kieran Tierney is ill. Arteta admits his squad is stretched heading into the tie. He said: "Because we have one team and we have to play the games with the best possible players to win it. "There have been moments where we have made eight changes. We try to accommodate. Players have moments throughout the season, players are available and not available throughout the season. For sure we will try to put the best team to win the game."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here