Mercedes have confirmed that staff held ‘searingly honest’ talks after a dismal start to the Formula One season. Seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton appeared to point the finger at engineers and told them to ‘own up’ with the W14 car struggling for performance at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Hamilton and team-mate George Russell struggled during pre-season testing and in the opening race of the F1 season. They finished fifth and seventh, respectively, and are way off the speed of Red Bull, Ferrari and even Aston Martin. In an open letter to fans, the team has now admitted that a clear-the-air meeting was held between staff. It comes following reports that technical director Mike Elliott was given a brutal ultimatum over his role. "Bahrain hurt. It hurt each one of us, who head into every season determined to fight for world championships. It hurt the team as a whole, after pouring so much hard work into a car that hasn’t met our expectations,” Mercedes said. “And we know it hurt you, our fans, too. Your passion and support are so important in driving us forward – and we know that we feel the same pain. Don't miss... Lewis Hamilton leaves two F1 rivals worried after Verstappen comments [LATEST] "The situation we face right now isn’t the one that any of us wanted – but it’s the one we have. That’s the reality of it. And the simple questions are: what can we do about it, and what will we do about it? “First, we won’t panic or make knee-jerk reactions. In a spotlight as fierce as F1, people are quick to point fingers, or look for scapegoats. But you know us better than that. Inside the team, we talk about having the courage to fail, the character to be accountable and the strength to see failure as an opportunity. “We have been open and searingly honest about where we find ourselves. And we are working urgently and calmly to build our recovery plan. "Whether you’re offering criticism or support, there’s a right way to do it – and a wrong way. We want our online community to be a safe space full of healthy debate, where people treat others and are treated with respect – be they team members, Mercedes fans or rival fans." Don't miss... Nelson Piquet 'facing £1.6m fine' over racist Lewis Hamilton comments [LATEST] Russell expected to play no role in Hamilton's Mercedes contract talks [GOSSIP] Lewis Hamilton sent urgent warning on George Russell threat  [REACTION] The meeting will please top driver Hamilton. The 38-year-old Briton frankly revealed that he had not been listened to by engineers and wanted them to ‘own up’ to their errors, with two cars in successive years now way behind the Silver Arrows’ rivals. “Last year, I told them the issues that are with the car. Like, I’ve driven so many cars in my life, so I know what a car needs, I know what a car doesn’t need. “And I think it’s really about accountability, it’s about owning up and saying ‘yeah, you know what, we didn’t listen to you, it’s not where it needs to be and we’ve got to work’. “We’ve got to look into the balance through the corners, look at all the weak points and just huddle up as a team, that’s what we do. We’re still multi World Champions you know, it’s just they haven’t got it right this time, they didn’t get it right last year, but that doesn’t mean we can’t get it right moving forwards.”