The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were reportedly left "stunned" when told of King Charles's decision to evict them from their base in England. Omid Scobie, the co-author of an unofficial biography of Meghan and Harry first released in August 2020, reported the reaction the pair had after being told Frogmore Cottage was needed by someone else. In a comment piece for Yahoo! News, the journalist wrote: "At a time when communication between Harry and his family has reached an all-time low, further details provided to the couple by the institution have been scant. "The property, they were told, is needed for someone else. It’s news, sources tell me, that has left Harry and Meghan stunned, and at least two members of the Royal Family appalled'." Mr Scobie did not name who the members of the Firm shocked by the King's move were. The author also reported a source he identified as a friend of Harry and Meghan saying: "It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. It’s like [the family] want to cut them out of the picture for good." Prince Harry and Meghan haven't released an official statement in response to the claim of the eviction first appeared in The Sun on Wednesday. The newspaper claimed the decision to boot Harry and Meghan out of Frogmore Cottage was taken days after Penguin Random House released worldwide the Duke of Sussex's tell-all memoir, Spare. The book included criticism against members of the Firm, including Queen Camilla, and laid bare the gap separating the Sussexes from the Prince of Wales and the monarch. The home, the report added, was offered to Prince Andrew, amid claims the monarch is slashing his brother's subsidy amid a wider overhaul of royal finances. Frogmore Cottage would be a smaller and more cost-effective residence for the Duke of York than the Royal Lodge where he currently lives. However, the Prince is reportedly "resisting" this move. READ MORE: Coronation chair gets a revamp as hidden detail shows past The Duke and Duchess lived at Frogmore Cottage for the most part of 2019 and have retained it as their official residence in the UK even after stepping down as full-time working members of the Firm and relocating to California in March 2020. The cottage, renovated for the Sussexes in late 2018, is just a few minutes away from Windsor Castle and is part of the area covered by the armed police protection granted to senior members of the Royal Family - which was on the other hand stripped from Harry and Meghan in early 2020. The safety coming with a stay at Frogmore Cottage made it possible for Harry and Meghan to travel back to the UK with their children Archie and Lilibet in June 2022 for the celebrations of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, Mr Scobie said. Taking away this property from Meghan and Harry, the author continued, means "the Sussexes will soon be without a base in the country which provides the level of home security senior members of the Royal Family have access to". Meghan and Harry were initially given only a few weeks to vacate their UK home, a source reported by Mr Scobie claimed, but were later allowed to keep their possession at the property until early summer. This means the pair could still use Frogmore Cottage in May if they decided to return to England to attend the Coronation of King Charles. Prince Harry and Meghan were seen in public on Tuesday evening, as they enjoyed a night out at Hollywood hotspot San Vicente Bungalows, a private club and restaurant in Los Angeles. A few hours later, a pre-recorded clip showing the Duke answering questions from Stephen Colbert was aired by CBS. Among his answers, the royal said his favourite smell is Meghan and that he believes humans are reincarnated as animals after death.