Car SOS has been running for 10 years after debuting in 2013 and will be heading into its 11th season this year. Despite working together for so long under stressful and time-pressured circumstances, where their cover could be blown at any moment, Fuzz and Tim remained the best of friends. In each episode Tim and Fuzz continue their friendly and gentle repartie as they get the vehicles ready but their friendship has remained stronger than even. Tim and Fuzz lifted the lid on their dynamic with the latter saying: “Eleven years. You would not believe the pleasure that is.” Tim went on to say: “It’s been brilliant. To be honest with you, it’s kind of unusual. “I think most presenting team - whether it’s Ant and Dec or Dick and Dom or whoever it happens to be - it would be normal for people to fall out. “But Fuzz and I have never actually had a fall out, which is weird. READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation “It’s a bit of a touch wood thing. When we do have a fallout, it will be monumental. It’ll be the end of the world.” Fuzz added: “I think that’s right. I don’t know, dare I say it, we’ve kind of become the Morecambe and Wise of the car world really.” The new series of Car SOS starts this evening (March 9) on National Geographic with a total of 10 episodes. Each week Tim Shaw and Fuzz Townshend fix up another automobile as they race again the clock to restore it before their owner finds their precious motor gone. READ MORE: Host Tim Shaw doesn't watch Car SOS as he's left a 'blubbering mess' The duo spend nine months out of 12 shooting a series as they restore motors for deserving people. Addressing the pressures of each series, Fuzz: “There’s a lot of organisation, a lot of running around because we do stuff in other workshops as well. “Logistically, you’re going from one end of the country to the other day after day to try and catch up with everything that’s going on.” Tim said the Car SOS did a huge job having to work at a breakneck pace to complete 10 restorations in such a short space of time. He explained: “That’s 10 car restorations and if you take a classic car restoration to a regular classic car restoration garage and say, ‘Hi, I want to rebuild this’ to the level we do, they’d go, ‘No worries, we’ll see you in a year.’ And we’re doing 10 cars in nine months.” They both said they constantly lived in fear of being found out before they could complete a restoration. The duo also admitted they were surprised they had managed to get away with taking a car from an owner without getting found out and then getting the person to go to a location for the big reveal. Season 11 features some truly heart-wrenching stories with one man, who suffered a series of family bereavements and his own health battles getting his Ford Mondeo spruced up. Don't miss... Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [VIDEO] Killie clear-out starts to slash costs  [LATEST] Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead [THEORY] There’s another episode focusing on Darren, a landscape gardener from Stafford, whose Rover SD1 got a new lease of life after dealing with redundancy and facing cancer as well as family illness. Another instalment focuses on Ben, who was hoping to restore his Porsche 911 Targa before he was diagnosed with the early stages of Alzheimer’s. The team will be working against the clock to complete the restoration before his license is taken away from him due to his illness. Along with the restorations, there will be some celebrity faces including Tyson Fury and Nigel Mansell. Car SOS season 11 will start on National Geographic on tonight at 8pm