B&M is a bargain retailer similar to Home Bargains or Poundland, selling everything from food and homeware to children's toys and furniture. Some of the company's branches have already closed, while others are set to in the upcoming weeks. B&M's store in the Maesglas Retail Park in Newport, south Wales, will be permanently closing on Saturday, March 4, the retailer has confirmed. Kilmarnock's branch in Scotland will follow suit on Sunday, March 26, shutting its doors for good. In April, the company will close its Bristol branch, located in the Broadwalk Shopping Cenre. The discounter has already closed its outlet in Castlegate Shopping Centre, Stockton. Although the future doesn't look bright for B&M's bricks and mortar stores, its website has expanded. Last year, the retailer added a home delivery option to its website so that customers can avoid a trip to a store to collect their items. However, delivery charges apply: regular delivery costs £3.95, medium delivery costs £7.95, and large delivery is £14.95. It also takes between three to seven working days for an order to arrive.  B&M isn't the only retailer to have announced some of its stores closing in recent weeks. Marks and Spencer proposed the closure of a number of its branches last month, after a prior announcement of 67 closures. The retailer wants to close stores to focus on its Simply Food shops - it plans to open 104 more of these branches across the country. This will take the total number of its food-only sites from 316 to 420. These changes are set to be completed in five years, Marks and Spencer said. The Marks and Spencer store on Carlton Street in Castleford is set to close at the end of April, as well as the Meadowbank retail park branch in Edinburgh. The branch on Linthorpe Road, Middlesborough will also close in April, as well as the Newport Road store in Cardiff. Marks and Spencer also plans to close Wrexham's Eagles Meadow branch. A store in Deansgate, Bolton, will also close this year, but the exact date is yet to be confirmed.