The highly anticipated miniseries, Daisy Jones & The Six finally premiered on Friday with a look at the fall of the acclaimed 70s rock band. With the show shedding light on the band's romances, viewers are also keen to know about the love lives of the main cast. Daisy Jones - Riley Keough Daisy Jones and The Six is the onscreen adaptation of the best-selling 2019 novel of the same name written by Taylor Jenkins Reid. Riley Keough stars as the titular character, a promising singer who joined the legendary 1970s rock band The Six, to create a one-of-a-kind album. Riley, who is also the granddaughter of the legendary Elvis Presley is married to Australian stuntman, Ben Smith-Peterson. After meeting on the set of Mad Max: Fury Road, the two instantly hit it off and tied the knot in 2015. Riley revealed: “Two weeks into dating him, we were at a gas station and I was like, ‘I could see myself having kids with this person.’” “It was kind of like I knew I was meeting my husband. It was very cool,”  she added to USA Today. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air  Billy Dunne - Sam Claflin Sam Claflin starred as the band’s charismatic lead singer, Billy Dunne, who later falls into a complicated love triangle with Daisy. The 36-year-old actor met Laura Haddock during the audition for My Week With Marilyn. Although they didn’t land the roles, the pair found love, got married in 2013 and share two children, Pip Claflin and Margot Claflin. Sadly, Sam and Laura announced their separation in 2019, the actor has since admitted he was in a “bad place,” following the break-up. He shared: “I'd been through quite a lot personally at the time, I think I needed to work out a few kinks in my own life. “To figure out who I was as this dad on my own in a house outnumbered by two toddlers,” Sam explained to Variety.   Karen Sirko - Suki Waterhouse Actress and Model Suki Waterhouse portrayed keyboard player Karen Sirko. Suki has been dating Twilight star Robert Pattinson since 2018 and the couple has kept their relationship largely out of the limelight. Despite this, Suki offered a rare insight into their romance as she admitted to The Sunday Times: “I'm shocked that I'm so happy with someone for nearly five years. "I'm always incredibly excited when I see his name pop up [on my phone] or even a text, and I think he feels the same about me." DON'T MISS...Star Trek Picard pays touching tribute to late original star [INSIGHT]Elvis' granddaughter shares how King influenced her as 70s rock star [INSIGHT]Daisy Jones & The Six was inspired by a world-famous band [INSIGHT]  Rod Reyes - Timothy Olyphant Timothy Olyphant starred as Rod Reyes, the band’s easy-going manager who helped the band when they were starting out. Rod has devoted himself to his college sweetheart Alexis Knief who he married in 1991. With more than 30 years together, the couple share three adult children Grace, 23, Henry, 22, and Vivian, 20. When asked about the secret to a successful relationship, Timothy told Women’s Health: “You have to be with the right person and you both have to be willing to do the work, day in and day out, to make it happen."   Camilla Dunne - Camila Morrone   