A grieving daughter was left heartbroken when her father's bank took money refunded into her account - after he had died. Joanne Bloor, 53, was supposed to go to see Westlife with her sister but the concert was delayed because of the pandemic. The tickets were bought by their dad Francis, who died from COVID-19 months later in 2020.  The concert was re-arranged twice before a date was finally set for late 2022, reports the Liverpool Echo. However, Joanne was unable to attend and was issued a refund from Ticketmaster. Her dad's bank - M&S Bank - took the money after claiming he had outstanding debit on his card. M&S Bank had then claimed the refund as he had an outstanding balance still to pay on his card. Joanne, of Dingle, Liverpool, said: "Going to see Westlife was a big deal for me and my sister, I always used to take her when she was younger. It was also the last thing my dad had bought for me, so going would have been a way to honour his memory. Unfortunately I was busy and could not go and was heartbroken but then M&S Bank took the refunded money. It just seemed so wrong."   Joanne's father Francis bought the tickets through Ticketmaster, which said company policy states that refunds are automatically made to the cardholder. However, Joanne was told she could claim the money back from her dad's bank. The woman continued: "I was devastated as it was my last present from him and I wanted to go. I would have kept the tickets and given them away if I knew this was going to happen. I wanted a refund so I could buy something else with the money, so I could at least have something to remember him by."  Ticketmaster told the ECHO that they will refund the price of the tickets again to Joanne directly as a gesture of goodwill. A spokesperson for M&S Bank said: "We never underestimate how difficult it is for bereaved family members and we have a dedicated customer care team available to support customers during this difficult time." "In general terms, in circumstances when a customer passes away with a balance owing on their account, any subsequent refund would be credited to the balance owed. It’s only if a refund places an account in credit that this would be refunded back to the customer’s estate." 