Millions of fans worldwide are still waiting for the highly-anticipated return of Yellowstone, which is currently in the middle of its fifth season. As Taylor Sheridan’s hit Paramount franchise looks to expand even further, with at least three spin-offs currently in the works, the flagship series starring Kevin Costner as John Dutton could also be in trouble as its biggest star is reportedly looking for the exit. Costner will be hosting an upcoming docu-series entitled The West for the History Channel. The Hollywood film star will draw from his experience filming some of the most iconic Westerns to offer a new perspective on the American frontier. However, arguably his most iconic Western role could be coming to an end after more than five years of portraying ranch owner John Dutton. Could signing on to a new project mean Costner is already starting to bring an end to his Yellowstone duties? READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers 1744751 In a statement via History Channel, he said: “I am in love with history. I love the rich, heroic, and harrowing stories of the West. “The people and their stories have always held a fascination for me, but there's an urgency today to put those times and the men and women who we think we know in perspective, in the context of their times, without judgement. “This particular West project is significant for me as it marks a return to The History Channel, the home of my first foray into television with the Hatfields & McCoys.” Costner looked back at his very first small screen role in the 2012 miniseries, where he starred opposite Bill Paxton and Tom Berenger. He has since only made one return to TV with Yellowstone, but has starred in numerous popular films such as Man of Steel, Hidden Figures and Molly’s Game. The actor-director is also currently in production of a behemoth feature film project, Horizon, an epic Western which he hopes to split across four movies. With his new documentary and his biggest film undertaking yet in the works, he could be struggling to find time to return to the Dutton Ranch beyond the fifth season of Yellowstone. His new History venture could support recent reports Costner is starting to reduce his filming commitments. Don't miss... William and Kate’s ‘first meeting’ spotted in The Crown filming snaps [LATEST] The Good Lawyer star opens up on ‘debilitating OCD’ [INTERVIEW] Party Down stars 'heartbroken' by Lizzy Caplan absence [EXCLUSIVE] Reports earlier this year claimed Sheridan would be ending Yellowstone in its current form with season five. Fellow A-Lister Matthew McConaughey was rumoured to be picking up the reins, and there are also three spin-off series set to be released over the next few years. However, accusations levelled against the star that he only wanted to work on Yellowstone season five for one more week have been denied by his attorney Marty Singer. “The idea that Kevin was only willing to work one week on the second half of season five of Yellowstone is an absolute lie,” he said to Fox News Digital. “It’s ridiculous - and anyone suggesting it shouldn’t be believed for one second. “As everyone who knows anything about Kevin is well aware, he is incredibly passionate about the show and has always gone way above and beyond to ensure its success.” And a Paramount spokesperson has said: “We have no news to report. Kevin Costner is a big part of Yellowstone and we hope that’s the case for a long time to come. “Thanks to the brilliant mind of Taylor Sheridan, we are always working on franchise expansions of this incredible world he has built. “Matthew McConaughey is a phenomenal talent with whom we’d love to partner.” Yellowstone seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Paramount+.