A widespread search for Freddy was initially launched when he disappeared leaving the family farm in September. Around four months after he went missing, the family were told on January 30 a member of the public had found human remains on Steart Marshes near Bridgwater, Somerset. Formal identification took place and the remains were tragically found to be Freddy’s. His family have released a tribute to him and thanked all those involved in the search. They said: “'There are no words to describe the overwhelming grief we have as a family at the loss of Freddy. "The five months that Freddy was missing, were torturous, not knowing where he was, or whether he was alive. And whilst the news of his death is devastating, now that he's been found and returned to our family we can lay Freddy to rest and grieve.' "Freddy was a wonderful boy. His carefree and infectious spirit was loved and cherished by all his family and friends and knowing we will never experience that again leaves us with a huge hole that can never be filled. We hope that he is now at peace. Freddy our son, brother, grandson, nephew, cousin and friend, you will be terribly missed.” More than 100 police officers and other staff were involved in the search for Freddy after he disappeared on September 20. They were assisted by personnel from several organisations including Her Majesty’s Coastguard and others. The family thanked all those who helped in the search. They added: “As a family, we want to say thank you to so many people who supported in the search for Freddy and continue to support us in our darkest times. “To the police, we thank you for your relentless efforts to find Freddy. The care you have shown us will not be forgotten. We know the police were supported by many other specialist search agencies and volunteers and we say thank you to you as well for giving so much of yourselves to us. “To our friends, our community and all the people we have never met that offered us their prayers, their support and their time, we are grateful to you and be in no doubt that your care and compassion were felt daily.” Specialist officers continue to support Freddy’s family and his death is being treated as unexplained but is not thought to be suspicious. An inquest into his death has been opened and adjourned until November.