Felix Auger-Aliassime was forced to briefly stop play just two games into his match against Francisco Cerundolo at Indian Wells after appearing to hit himself in the face with his racket. The eighth seed looked to be having his chin glued up in an emergency medical time-out after it started bleeding, as commentators suggested he could need it "stitched". Auger-Aliassime got off to a fast start in his third-round match in Indian Wells, breaking Cerundolo to lead 2-0. But with the 27th seed serving in the third game, the Canadian suddenly had to stop play when he started bleeding. The 22-year-old could be seen with blood in the middle of his hand as he retreated to his bench mid-game, with rules stating that players cannot continue when someone is actively bleeding. As he sat down, it became apparent that the blood was coming from his chin as a large cut had formed. With the physio called to the court, a replay showed that Auger-Aliassime had accidentally whacked himself in the face with his racket mid-rally, with the string appearing to catch his face. WARNING: The below image contains blood. Just in Ukrainian gets WTA reply as chief said 'not to be upset' by Russians [LATEST] Former pro Laura Robson commented that it appeared that his face was being glued back together when the physio arrived and started working on the cut. "What do we think, a bit of glue?" she asked on Prime Video commentary. "I think that is glue," she continued, before suggesting that the cut may need more intervention later on. "Just try and seal that up. Whatever they're doing it'll be a temporary fix because he's going to have to get this properly looked at." Co-commentator Nick Lester remarked: "Is this going to last out here without opening up? It's not going to be an easy situation." And Robson added: "Yeah, I don't think this will be totally sweat-proof. It will need a proper clean post-match and then maybe even a stitch to be honest, it's quite a big cut." Don't miss... Medvedev continues Indian Wells complaints as only 10 stars have hope [QUOTES] Pegula lauds 'star' doubles partner Gauff to mark teen's birthday [INTERVIEW] Ukrainian tennis ace withdraws from Indian Wells with 'panic attack' [NEWS] Auger-Aliassime continued playing once the medical time out was over, and despite the lengthy pause in play, Cerundolo was able to hold to love. And it was suddenly all one-way traffic for the Argentine, who broke the eighth seed in the next game. The Canadian went on to lose the next three games in a row after hitting himself in the face, going from 2-0 up to 2-3 down. But he stopped Cerundolo's run by holding for 3-3 to stay level. Auger-Aliassime eventually took the opening set after 75 minutes and advanced to the round-of-16 for the first time in Indian Wells with a 7-5 6-4 victory over Cerundolo. "All okay but that was surprising," he said of his earlier injury. "It didn't hurt bad when I hit myself and then I touched by chin and it was bleeding pretty bad so that's definitely a first to hit yourself with a racket but I think it's going to be one for the bloopers on Tennis TV."