A man has been declared innocent after spending more than 38 years behind bars for a crime he did not commit. Maurice Hastings was jailed for a 1983 abduction and murder that he did not commit, and was released in 2022 after long-untested DNA evidence pointed to a different suspect. Now, a judge has declared Hastings “factually innocent” as the evidence proves conclusively that he did not commit the crime. “It means a lot”, he said. “I’m grateful for the judge's ruling, and the apologies - everything has been wonderful today. “I’m ready to move on with my life. I'm a happy man today.” When released from prison in 2022, the then-69-year-old man said: “I am not standing up here a bitter man, but I just want to enjoy my life now while I have it.” Around 40 years ago, Roberta Wydermyer, was sexually assaulted and killed by a single gunshot to the head. Cops said at the time that her body was found in the trunk of her vehicle in the Los Angeles suburb of Inglewood in California. Hastings was charged with special-circumstance murder and the district attorney's office sought the death penalty but the jury deadlocked. A second jury convicted him and he was sentenced in 1988 to life in prison without possibility of parole. Throughout the years, Hastings maintained he was innocent, and at the time of Wydermyer’s autopsy, the coroner conducted a sexual assault examination and found semen. READ MORE: Ron DeSantis would strike UK-US trade deal 'within months' of victory In October, the District Attorney’s office said Hastings pushed for DNA testing in 2000, but they denied the request. Hastings submitted a claim of innocence to the DA´s Conviction Integrity Unit in 2021, and DNA testing last June found that the semen was not his. The DNA profile was put into a state database and matched to a person who was convicted of an armed kidnapping and forced copulation of a female victim who was placed in a vehicles trunk. The suspect, Kenneth Packnett, died in prison in 2020, prosecutors said. The judge in October vacated Hastings' conviction at the request of prosecutors with the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office and his lawyers from the Los Angeles Innocence Project. After the declaration of innocence, District Attorney George Gascón said Hastings “survived a nightmare”. “He spent nearly four decades in prison exhausting every avenue to prove his innocence while being repeatedly denied,” he said in a statement. “But Mr Hastings has remained steadfast and faithful that one day he would hear a judge proclaim his innocence.” Gascón said the ruling will clear Hastings´ name and pave the way for him to seek possible relief in connection with his wrongful conviction. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews