It has now been 70 years since Joseph Stalin’s reign of terror came to an end. The dictator is thought to have been responsible for the death of some 20 million people with another 20 million displaced, arrested, or blacklisted. His own death on March 5, 1953, has long been shrouded in mystery as it has been claimed his “official” cause of death, does not marry up with the “main” running theory. In his final years, Stalin was living at his dacha, or second home, inviting those from his inner circle to keep him company, having dinners and watching films. It was there, at his house in the Moscow suburbs, that his condition deteriorated after a supper in March 1953. Head of the KGB, Lavrenti Beria, and two of Stalin’s predecessors Georgy Malenkov and Nikita Khrushchev were both in attendance at what was the 74-year-old’s final meal. The festivities had lasted until the early hours, with Khrushchev recalling that they all said goodbye to “Comrade Stalin” at around 6am. He said their leader had been in a “jocular mood”, “joking a lot” and added: “We left in good spirits... since nothing had happened during the dinner. Those dinners did not always end on a happy note.” But the New York Times Moscow correspondent, Harrison E. Salisbury, writing in 1983, pondered: "[H]ad some great row finally broken out? Were they prepared to let events move forward and possibly engulf them all? "Three of them — Malenkov, Beria and Khrushchev — were as crafty, as skilled, as tough as any figures to be found in Russia. Did those three march down the path to the precipice without making a move to save themselves?" It is thought he might well have been poisoned to avoid a potential war with the United States. The next day, the dictator did not move a muscle. He did not call Khrushchev as he was expected to, did not ask for food, nor did he set off the movement sensors in his room. Yet his staff were — usually — afraid to disturb him. When a member of staff finally entered his room at around 10pm, he was found on the floor in his urine-soaked pajamas, looking as though he had suffered a stroke while fetching a glass of water. Beria and Malenkov were called and arrived first, telling Stalin’s assistant, Pavel Lozgachev, not to panic as it was clear that he was just “sleeping soundly”. It took hours to decide just what to do, and the health secretary was not called until 7am. Simon Sebag Montefiore, in the 2007 book Stalin: The Court of the Red Tsar, also suggested that Stalin could well have been poisoned at this point as his rivals hoped to speed up the process of his death. At the time, Stalin had been waging a war on doctors claiming they were part of a plot that aimed to murder Soviet officials. Therefore, there was a frenzy surrounding whether the doctors who treated him were compromised. In 2003, it emerged that Stalin had then begun vomiting blood and his stomach was hemorrhaging on March 5, a symptom some have connected to the poison allegation. By 9.50pm, after three decades in power, Stalin was dead. READ MORE: Putin’s wife 'really loved him but he didn't love her back' The Soviet newspaper Pravda — which translates to mean “truth” — was the official newspaper of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) between 1918 and 1991. In a full-page spread published the following day, it announced the news. Readers were told that Stalin died after a “serious illness” with the article reading: “The heart of Lenin’s comrade-in-arms and the inspired continuer of Lenin’s cause, the wise leader and teacher of the Communist Party and the Soviet people, Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin, has stopped beating.” The paper also included two medical reports. One written just hours before his death summarising his illness. The second report said that it was during the night of March 2 that Stalin first suffered a brain hemorrhage. It was signed by the Minister of Health and nine prominent doctors. In spite of the name of the newspaper, to some, it seems what they published about Stalin’s death was not the whole truth. DON'T MISS: Diana and Fergie ‘supported each other’ despite pitting in the media [LATEST]POLL – Is King right to evict Harry and Meghan from Frogmore Cottage? [POLL]World facing serious food cost and availability 'crisis'  [INSIGHT]  While it had been thought that Stalin had died of a massive hemorrhagic stroke, it was suggested some 50 years later that he actually been poisoned by one of his close associates in the 2001 book Stalin’s Last Crime. It was said that warfarin, a tasteless and colourless blood thinner that is commonly used as rat killer, had been administered during a dinner with four of his inner circle. In 1950, chemical was patented and had just become available in Russia. A report titled “What did Joseph Stalin really die of? A reappraisal of his illness, death, and autopsy findings”, published in 2019, discounted this theory and found that this conclusion was reached based on a “misunderstanding” of autopsy findings. However, the debate was not settled as Stalin’s great-grandson, Selim Bensaad, called for his body to be exhumed and examined in 2021. His spokesman, quoted in the Times, said: “An exhumation would answer some important questions, [such as] was Stalin killed? The theory that he was poisoned is the main one.” A great deal of books and films have been inspired by Stalin's life and death including Armando Iannucci's 2017 film The Death of Stalin which was banned in Russia as the dark comedy was deemed both “vile” and “insulting”.