Meghan Markle had just one word to say about her first meeting with Kate, Princess of Wales in 2017, when the pair were introduced at a private dinner one year into her relationship with Prince Harry. The couple went on their first date to London's exclusive Soho House in 2016, before announcing their engagement over a year later with a photocall at Kensington Palace. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Speaking to the BBC's Mishal Hussein after their engagement, Meghan and Harry shared the details on her first meeting with Kate a a dinner. Speaking at the time, Harry said: "It was exciting I mean I've — you know I’d been seeing her for a period of time when I literally didn't tell anybody at all. "And then William was longing to meet her and so was Catherine, so you know, being our neighbours, we managed to get that in a couple of — well quite a few times now and Catherine has been absolutely…" Meghan then chipped in with a one-word answer: "Wonderful."  She said the royals had warmly welcomed her and also recalled her first time meeting the late Queen Elizabeth. Meghan said: "I think, you know, to be able to meet her through his lens, not just with his honour and respect for her as the monarch, but the love that he has for her as his grandmother, all of those layers have been so important for me so that when I met her I had such a deep understanding and of course incredible respect for being able to have that time with her. "And we've had a really — she's — she’s an incredible woman." READ MORE: Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying'  Relations between the Sussexes and the rest of the Firm are now a lot more strained, after Harry and Meghan stepped down from their royal duties in 2020 and moved to California. They are now raising their two children Archie and Lilibet in their Montecito mansion. Their daughter is named after the late Queen, whose nickname when she was a young girl was Lilibet. Author Tom Quinn said in his book Gilded Youth: An Intimate History of Growing Up in the Royal Family that Lilibet's naming was always intended to be a compliment to Her Majesty. Don't miss... George and Charlotte's favourite Disney films laid bare by mum Kate [LATEST] Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [SPOTLIGHT] Harry and Meghan's Frogmore eviction will 'only make things worse' [INSIGHT] He wrote: "Meghan and Harry's second child, a daughter, was born in Santa Barbara, California, on June 4 2021. "Even naming this child sparked a diplomatic scuffle. Hating even to think about the admittedly labyrinthine rules of protocol that surrounded the British royal family, Meghan and Harry called her Lilibet, apparently in the belief that it would be a wonderful surprise for her great-grandmother, Queen Elizabeth." However, Mr Quinn claimed that some could have seen the naming as a "cynical" attempt to cash in on their "royal currency". Royal biographer Gyles Brandreth said that Her Majesty would have been "touched" by the gesture. 