Luciana’s CV is an impressive one, having bagged the title of Top Chef Brazil in its second season and reaching the semi-finals of the BBC’s MasterChef: The Professionals back in 2014. Nearly a decade on from her stint on the BBC favourite, Luciana is back in the kitchen for Top Chef’s milestone 20th season, although speaking with Express.co.uk ahead of the series, she had nothing but fond memories of her time in the MasterChef kitchen. However, it’s safe to say that before she joined the line-up on the BBC show, the ambitious chef wasn’t exactly given the boost of confidence from those around her. Just one week after graduation from Le Cordon Bleu London, Luciana took the plunge to try out for MasterChef The Professionals. “What was so funny because when I applied to MasterChef Professionals, I had just had my degree,” Luciana explained. “(My chef said), ‘You just have your degree (for) one week,’ and I said, ‘I’m going to apply to do MasterChef Professionals’, my chef said, ’You have no chance, you just finished your degree’. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance “I said, ‘Chef, I have already’. So when I applied, the people, they loved me because I’m very social, you know, like I'm not just like a standard professional chef, who is sometimes very quiet. “But when I want to cry, I cry, you see my emotions. “So for them was good to have me on as this crazy Brazilian doing professional cuisine on the BBC, it was fun.” Luciana’s expertise in the kitchen combined with her enthusiasm and bubbly yet no-nonsense approach is still there for all to see in the new season of Top Chef. Now in its 20th season in the USA, the Bravo series has headed to London for a World All-Star edition, bringing together a number of Top Chef champions from across the globe. Describing the differences between Top Chef and MasterChef, Luciana explained: “Let me see. “I think the way they created the tasks, you know like they [Top Chef] are very creative. “I think it must be like a lot of people think about (them) because something that's on BBC, it's the same program and they don't change much so we know exactly what to do. Don't miss... Chicago Fire confirms return of fan-favourite star  [LATEST] 1000lb Best Friends in chaos as fans slam Meghan's 'tacky wedding'  [LATEST] Penn Badgley details reason he 'didn't want' Joe Goldberg role in You [LATEST] “This will happen on the next challenge so we know it will be a mystery box, we know that. “But on Top Chef, you don't know, so every day is a completely different task that we have to try to guess.” So did the unknown circumstances competitors were working in create competitiveness between Top Chef stars? “For my part, it was a very friendly competition,” Luciana said of the new series. “Sometimes you just go on and ‘scoop’, it’s easy, just go to win (the money), like everybody wants to get that prize. The money is good. “But one of the most important things is like we're there to learn. “Because one of the things is when you read cooking books, but you are now in the country, so I was like, with the best chefs in the world. “So for me, it was like, to be honest, I was in school - like I learned different cultures like the way to cook and learned with the ingredients. “For me, it was just more like friendly. It was a competition also, but I took like, as a friendly game.” Top Chef season 20 airs Thursdays on BRAVO in the USA. Top Chef season 20 is to stream on Hayu in the UK from March 10.