After 11 years on screens, ITV crime drama Endeavour has been brought to a close. The Inspector Morse prequel series starring Shaun Evans and Roger Allam has won critical acclaim and built up a huge fanbase around the globe as well as endearing fans of the original drama with the late great John Thaw. Endeavour and Inspector Morse fans were finally given closure on one big plot point across the two shows.   When Endeavour first launched back in 2012, audiences were introduced to the character of Fred Thursday (played by Allam). Fred served as a mentor figure to the university dropout and green police officer Endeavour Morse (Evans) with the two forming a solid friendship and partnership. Over the years, this bond grew as they cracked more cold-blooded murders across Oxford together. But as Inspector Morse fans know, Fred was never mentioned in the parent series and many viewers were left pondering why such a key figure in the detective’s life could be overlooked. READ MORE: Here are the stars of Endeavour's final every episode In the Endeavour series finale titled Exeunt, Fred murdered a biker to protect his son Sam Thursday (Jack Bannon). Endeavour figured out Fred was the one behind the stabbing and confronted him about it with the older man saying he wanted to fend for his son. Even though Endeavour reminded his friend the murder victim was “someone’s son”, Fred firmly told him it wasn’t “my son”. Endeavour told Fred the biker gang would want revenge and be looking for the perpetrator. Although Endeavour had temporarily thrown them off the scent by saying the murdered man was a paid police informant, Fred knew he had to disappear quickly or face a fatal reprisal. Fred, Sam and Win Thursday (Caroline O’Neill) were moving to Carshalton, South London but the detective said he would have to go much further afield to avoid getting killed by the bikers. Endeavour didn’t think Joan Thursday (Sara Vickers) or Jim Strange (Sean Rigby) would be targeted as they weren’t really connected to the murder. However, Endeavour also realised this was the end of the line for their friendship and knew he couldn’t keep in touch with Fred and Win without putting them in mortal peril. Don't miss... Endeavour's finale has a very poignant title signalling the end  [LATEST] Endeavour star Abigail Thaw has a famous husband [EXPLAINER] Endeavour makes history with heartwarming scene in final series  [INSIGHT] So, this is the reason why Endeavour could never speak about Fred because it could compromise his safety. He also never mentioned Joan perhaps because it was too painful to think about. Prior to this evening’s finale, there had been speculation Fred could die with Endeavour left shocked by the death. But it looks like Fred - for now - will live to see another day but would always be looking over his shoulder. Speaking about the end of Endeavour, lead star Evans said: “I think Endeavour’s aloneness and isolation is cemented in this series. “He has felt that way throughout but there has always been a tantalising option dangled right in front of him. If he only could reach out and grab it. “What we discover in these final three films is that, for one reason or another, he cannot reach out. And so his isolation and lonesomeness is completely cemented. And that’s where I wanted to leave it. “Because then it’s a good place to be picked up again 15 years later in 1987 when the Inspector Morse series with John Thaw started.”  Endeavour is streaming on ITVX now