China could be spying on Hawaii to gather intelligence for a surprise missile attack should war erupt with the US, experts have warned. The island state is home to Pearl Harbour on Oahu, the US military base attacked by Japan which saw the United States enter World War 2. Initially, the flashing green lights over the Aloha State were attributed to a NASA satellite, however, it was later confirmed that they originated from the Chinese pollution monitoring satellite Daqi-1. Questions have been raised about why Beijing would want to know about pollution levels or atmospheric conditions over Hawaii. Experts have warned that China could in fact be gathering data on US military bases in preparation for a surprise attack should the two countries find themselves nearing, or in, a war. Rick Fisher, an expert on China’s military at the International Assessment and Strategy Centre, said the lasers were a clear case of "Chinese dual use" of civilian technology for military purposes. "The Daqi-1's lasers specifically monitor the density of the atmosphere and can detect different wind directions," he told The Sun Online. "This is precisely the data required for China to accurately target small multiple re-entry vehicle nuclear warheads or more recent Hypersonic Glide Vehicle warheads."  These hypersonic missiles "exploit low trajectories" meaning they travel at low altitudes and can be impacted by adverse weather and atmospheric conditions, he added. He believes that a war over Taiwan could see another surprise attack in Hawaii, this time by China. Other US bases in Japan, South Korea and the US Pacific coast could also be targeted. Beijing has expanded its hypersonic missile system, in part, as an effort to keep US carrier groups away from mainland China in the event of a war. The missiles pose a huge threat to American carriers which would likely be used to fly sorties and strike the Chinese mainland. The green lasers can be seen sweeping across the sky in a fraction of a second in a video recorded by a National Astronomical Observatory of Japan camera atop the Subaru Telescope in Hawaii. The island is home to several military installations including US Indo-Pacific Command headquarters. "I’m not sure, and this is my opinion, why the Chinese, who are probably some of the most prolific polluters on the planet, would be collecting data on pollutants on this side of the Pacific," said former chief of staff of Marine Forces Pacific Ray L’Heureux. READ MORE: US deals massive blow to China as Xi plots 'ramp up military' Nicholas Eftimiades, a visiting senior research fellow at King's College London and retired US Department of Defence intelligence official echoed those concerns. He said: "Why would China care? What would be the scientific and environmental reasons China would care about the atmospheric conditions in Hawaii?" He told The Sun Online the lasers could be used to develop topographical maps of the island, the types of maps that would be useful in the event of a missile strike. He said: "Use of lasers in the upper atmosphere helps to determine pollution levels and in the case of Hawaii, things like distribution of volcanic ash. Lasers hitting the ground are used to develop 3-D topographical maps. "These maps are used to develop everything from geographically based apps to support cruise missiles and other forms of precision strike."  Don't miss... Meghan Markle's fans furious over 'sick' Coronation joke on SNL [REPORT] Dad investigated leads he 'dreamt up' in 42-year search for daughter [INSIGHT] Mexican cartel hands over five members behind 'American kidnapping' [ANALYSIS] The sighting of the lasers came amid a huge diplomatic row erupted between Washington and Beijing over a Chinese spy balloon shot down over the US. China claims the device was an errant weather balloon but US officials maintain it was being used for surveillance over sensitive military sites. The balloon crossed into Alaska and over Canada before traversing the contiguous United States. It was shot down on the orders of US President Joe Biden off the coast of South Carolina on February 4. US politicians on both sides of the aisle have become hawkish on China while Beijing has also heated up its rhetoric against the US. Last week, China's new foreign minister Qin Gang warned of conflict with Washington if the US didn't change its course. Shortly following those comments, Chinese premier Xi Jinping told party members that the People's Liberation Army - the CCP's armed forces - needed to be upgraded into a "world-class" fighting force. 