Lance Stroll has cast doubt over his participation in the Bahrain Grand Prix after issuing a concerning update during the second practice session on Friday. The Canadian had returned to the cockpit after undergoing surgery on a broken wrist injury but experienced issues with his hands when he got back behind the wheel. Stroll had suffered injuries to both of his wrists after a cycling accident in pre-season training as he geared up for the 2023 season with Aston Martin. Those injuries caused him to miss all three days of testing in Bahrain last week, with reserve driver Felipe Drugovich filling in. The 24-year-old was passed fit to race at the Sakhir International Circuit this weekend after undergoing medical checks, but it seems the physical burden may have proved to much to bear for Stroll so soon after his surgery. READ MORE: Aston Martin's F1 plan in case injured Lance Stroll misses Bahrain GP When asked by his race engineer Ben Michell to change his racing line into the first turn, Stroll's response that he couldn't turn the wheel properly would have provided some concern for the team and boss Mike Krack ahead of qualifying tomorrow and the race on Sunday. “Lance, we need to compromise [Turn] 1 to have a better line in [Turn] 2," Michell said over the team radio. A frustrated Stroll replied: “I can’t man, I can’t. With the hands," indicating he was having difficulty performing the usual steering action at the first right-hand turn. Michell said: “Yeah copy that.” LATEST F1 NEWSVerstappen gives his take on Hamilton's age and how it affects titleF1 boss denies 'bullying' Mick Schumacher before becoming Hamilton's back-upLewis Hamilton's 'complete rubbish' remark will please Max Verstappen Perhaps unsurprisingly, Stroll was half a second behind his new team-mate Fernando Alonso after posting the sixth-fastest lap time in the second practice session. Alonso, 41, stunned Red Bull by leapfrogging Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez to top the session's timings with an impressive lap of 1:30.9, putting him two tenths clear. Sky Sports F1 pundit Anthony Davidson lauded Alonso's achievement, saying: “That’s incredible. If you’d have told them [Aston Martin] this time last year that they’d be trading fastest laps with Red Bull, they’d have grabbed it with both hands.” Charles Leclerc was fourth and Haas' Nico Hulkenberg showed good pace to record the fifth-best time ahead of Stroll. Mercedes' pace issues appear to be no closer to being solved as Lewis Hamilton was eighth-fastest, while George Russell could only manage 13th in the W14.