Jake Paul has seemingly gone further than Deontay Wilder when it comes to strange boxing excuses after blaming his recent defeat to Tommy Fury on a wet dream. Having won his first six pro fights, 'The Problem Child' came unstuck against his English rival, losing a split decision despite notching a late knockdown. Initially, the American cited a difficult traing camp as the main reason for his defeat. That explanation prompted boos from fans, but paled into insignificance compared to the six explanations Wilder came out with after his first loss to Fury in February 2022. 'The Bronze Bomber' claimed his pre-fight drink was spiked, whilst his heavy walk-in outfit apparently left him drained of energy in the latter rounds. And despite being dominated by 'The Gypsy King', he also took aim at trainer Mark Breland for throwing the towel in the seventh round. Fury tampering his gloves with objects, referee bias, and a left bicep injury also got mentions, but Paul has arguably exceeded the lot of those explanations. In the Impaulsive podcast, brother Logan suddenly asked him if his night-time accident played a part in him being outperformed. JUST IN: Oleksandr Usyk left Polish security stunned as champion boxer drove into Kyiv during war After his elder sibling claimed he had done similar before his sole pro-defeat to KSI, Paul responded: "Dude, our lives really do run so parallel and I know in boxing terms you were building your batch. Essentially what you do is you don't release in order to build up that testosterone in your body to make you angry." Claiming he had spent a fortnight abstaining from sex before the fight, he added: "I literally woke up in a panic like 'F***'. Right after you wake up and jolt out of it. You have two weeks of testosterone build up and the reason a wet dream happens is because your body needs to release that energy and yeah, I f***ed myself. That's why it's bad is because it makes your legs weak, because the sperm is stored in your legs." Don't miss... Joshua shows true colours with personal view on Usyk defeat [LATEST] Anthony Joshua hit with dedication dig over 'blue chip' sponsors  [LATEST] Ex-boxing champ 'sent to prison' for tax evasion and doping charges [LATEST] Paul, 25, then got scientific, talking about the "neurological connection" between head and legs, which can cause a fighter to get "lackadaisical." He did at least concede the wet dream was "one of many reasons" that he didn't beat Fury. But he will now have to decide whether to abstain from sleeping with his partner next time around. Both fighters have already voiced their desire for a rematch, with July the favoured date.