Many experts argue that dietary supplements are not beneficial unless you’re deficient. Dr Amir Khan has also said that “the evidence is patchy for multivitamins”. However, he recommended his “top three" supplements worth taking. Dr Amir’s first choice probably won’t come as a surprise - the expert-recommended vitamin D. Considered a non-negotiable supplement during the winter months in the UK, vitamin D is an essential nutrient that plays a role in various bodily functions. Speaking on ITV’s show Lorraine, Dr Amir said: “Vitamin D [is] really important for absorbing calcium, which we need for bones, muscles, our mood and immune system. “We get most of it from sunlight, [but] there isn’t enough of that in the winter months, so take a vitamin D supplement between October and March. READ MORE: Five sensations indicative of a 'dangerous' blood clot in the leg - 'get help' “And if you have to wear clothing outside in the summer months for religious or medical reasons, take that vitamin D supplement throughout the year.” Due to the lack of sunshine in the colder months in the UK, the NHS also advises considering supplementing with the “sunshine” vitamin. According to the health service, adults need 10 micrograms of vitamin D a day, which is the equivalent of 400 International Units (IU). Furthermore, foods like oily fish, red meat, liver and egg yolks are also good sources of the essential nutrient. Don't miss... The milk to have for breakfast to reduce blood sugar levels [LATEST] Five sensations indicative of a 'dangerous' blood clot in the leg [INFORMER] Botched weight loss surgery leaves woman's stomach 'like concrete' [INSIGHT] Folate is a B vitamin found in many foods, but it is also known under the name folic acid, which details the man-made form of the nutrient. Dr Amir said: “My second tip is folic acid. If you’re trying for a baby - so don’t wait until you’re pregnant - and in the first three months of pregnancy, you should be taking a folic acid supplement. “It’s really important for a baby’s brain and spinal cord development.” Apart from reducing the risk of birth defects, folic acid also helps your body to form healthy red blood cells. READ MORE: Botched weight loss surgery leaves woman's stomach 'like concrete'  According to the NHS, adults need 200 micrograms of folate a day, with “good” food sources including: Dr Amir’s third top supplement is cod liver oil or omega 3 supplements. “Still more research is needed, but there is some evidence that they can reduce your risk of heart attack,” the doctor said. Most cod liver oil is extracted from the liver of Atlantic cod, which is packed with vitamins D and A. Apart from your heart, this supplement can help relieve joint pain and treat rickets. Omega 3 supplements also offer a range of benefits that can complement brain, heart and eye health. Good food sources of omega-3s include: