Alejandro Ganarcho has suffered a slice of rotten luck in breaking the glass ceiling at Manchester United and it's all down to the sublime form of Marcus Rashford. It could be argued that the young, spellbinding Argentine has completed the hardest task in forcing his way into the first-team picture but on the flip side, the toughest challenge is to actually assert yourself as a regular starter once you reach the top level. Garnacho is only 18 years old, so time is unquestionably on his side. But in order to continue his frightening development, he simply needs to play. Minutes, at times, have been hard to come by given the competition for places is fierce under Erik ten Hag particularly now Jadon Sancho has returned to the fold following a lay-off. The England international's absence - in a weird way - has actually proven beneficial for Garnacho in his quest to nail down a starting berth, as it was one less player to compete with. Now the picture has changed and with United flying prior to their unexplainable 7-0 collapse against Liverpool, everyone was chomping at the bit for minutes. READ MORE: Man Utd may have already found their next Alejandro Garnacho after stunning debut But the biggest hindrance for Garnacho has not been the added competition, it has been the sensational form of Rashford this season, who is now operating at his best from the left flank. In times gone by, Rashford has been utilised through the middle as a centre-forward and also out on the right but the majority of his football has been played from the left this term. That is of course the position Garnacho is competing for so unfortunately for the highly-rated teenager, more often than not, he has found himself on the outside looking in. It's a luxury for Ten Hag in a sense as being able to bring a player of Garnacho's quality on from the bench is such a powerful card to have up your sleeve. Garnacho's pace, trickery and direct running style is a nightmare for defenders, notably when they have tired legs in the second half of a match. DON'T MISSRaphael Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful actions after Liverpool collapseLiverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumesMan Utd may have already found their next Alejandro Garnacho after stunning debut However, although Garnacho knows he has to bide his time, he will now want to be playing regularly following his first real taste of senior action. Not only that but he has had a huge impact in the matches he has played, which reads favourably for the player if he is to campaign for more frequent minutes. Yet the reality of the situation is that all the while Rashford is firing on all cylinders, it doesn't matter who is in reserve, they are always going to finish second best. What's even more frustrating for the youngster is that had he made his breakthrough during previous regimes, he would have been dubbed the saviour due to the lack of quality on display. This is the best United team of the post-Sir Alex Ferguson era and some of the teams along the way to getting here have been poor to say the least. Garnacho would have walked into those but now he is having to grind for every given opportunity. Ten Hag recently challenged Garnacho to have the same impact as a starter as he does when coming off the bench, it was a task he stepped up to in the 3-1 FA Cup win over West Ham when he netted a late goal for the Red Devils The Dutchman said after handing Garnacho his 10th start: "I see today another step. I said to him before the game, 'it's time. You have an impact when you come on but now you have to have an impact as a starter'. And I think he is capable of it, so that is the next step he has to make. "It is a great skill when you're fearless, when you're brave. I don't think that it's a skill that is so specific, there are not so many players in world football who can take players on, who can just out-dribble them and that skill he has. "But he has more skills than only that, for example, finishing. But also I see he has a big engine, he is fast, he has speed, he can keep running for 90 minutes, for 120 minutes, it doesn't matter how long, he can do it." Making an impact at every given opportunity is the next step for Garnacho, who will have to stomach that even when he is fit and firing at the top of his game, there will be times when Rashford will still receive the nod ahead of him. But that will surely change in time.