UK nationals living in Spain had until May 2022 to exchange their DVLA-issued driving licences for a Spanish one. Both sides have been engaged in conversation to enable those unable to drive to exchange their licence, opening another window of opportunity. Spanish authorities told the UK the post-Brexit deal would go before Spain’s Cabinet “in the next few weeks”. Updates are frequently announced on the Brits in Spain Facebook page to help expats keep up to date with relevant information. The page, which is linked with the British Embassy in Madrid, told drivers their anxious wait would continue after months of delays in negotiations. Despite the seemingly imminent announcement of new rules, many expats in the comments are furious with the amount of time it has taken. READ MORE: EV drivers can save £500 on home charger with car tax tip Many have put forward recommendations of what could be done, including allowing DVLA licences to be legal in Spain. Some drivers have taken the controversial step to suggest that the UK Government should invalidate any Spanish licences which are being used on British roads. They hope this drastic change would force the Spanish authorities to grant Britons in Spain access to drive and open another window to exchange licences. This has sparked debate among Express.co.uk readers, with differing opinions on what the authorities and drivers should do. Don't miss... Car S.O.S returns to save a classic Ford Mondeo [LATEST] Residents deny leaving 'sinister' notes on cars amid parking war [LATEST] 'Perfect' electric vehicle wins 2023 Car of the Year [LATEST] One commenter, under the nickname “WHAT?”, stated that they agreed with the expat calling for Spanish licences in the UK to be invalidated until an agreement was reached. They claimed: “If Spain are playing awkward and delaying we should do exactly the same to Spaniards living and driving in the UK. “Stop being nice to them until they reciprocate,” the commenter added. A second Express.co.uk reader reiterated the calls, saying “reciprocal action is needed”. READ MORE: Speeding fines can be 'heftier than you first think' The most recent guidance on the Government website states drivers can continue to use their DVLA-issued licence until April 30, 2022. Given that this window has come to an end, many drivers are demanding that changes are introduced to help people get back on the road. Despite the calls for licence reform in the UK, other commenters were critical of the British expats, saying they had their opportunity to exchange their licence. Another commenter, using the nickname Brian at home, said: “Take a Spanish driving test, how simple is that? “The problem is that many British people living in Spain can't speak the language. “I bought a house in France 26 years ago, the first thing I did was to learn the language. “I mix in with the locals daily and keep away from other British people who don't speak the language.” Frances48, a fourth Express.co.uk reader, said: “What arrogance on behalf of some of those people. If you moved to Spain or already lived there with a UK licence you were given the opportunity to change your licence months ago. If you chose not to then more fool you. “Most countries around the world allow you to drive for six months on a UK licence but then you must get a local licence of the country in which you are living, or not drive. Abide by the rules of the country in which you live.”