Hunting for the best Sonos deals? You're in luck, we've got details on all of the latest price cuts, promotions, and discounts below. Sonos is also taking preorders for the newly-announced Sonos Era 100 (£249) which replaces the Sonos One in the lineup, and the Sonos Era 300 (£449) which supports Dolby Spatial Audio for the first time. Both of these speakers support an all-new design, Bluetooth connectivity and a 3.5mm audio input for extra flexibility. The Sonos Era 100 and Era 300 will ship March 28, 2023. • Preorder Sonos Era 100 • Preorder Sonos Era 300 The rest of the impressive Sonos lineup remains unchanged. When it comes to deals, it's easy to focus solely on Black Friday – Sonos slashed 20% off all speakers and soundbars in the sales event last year – but you don't need to wait months to secure a healthy discount from Sonos. In fact, you can get Black Friday-like prices every day of the year from Sonos' refurbished store. This small store, hidden in a little-known corner of the website, is a true open-secret. It sees Sonos discount its best-selling speakers by as much as £230. It also offers bundles for those looking to upgrade to a surround sound system for their television, or who want to be able to synchronise music throughout multiple rooms in their homes. Certified Refurbished speakers have been revived by Sonos technicians and arrive in the same packaging, with the same cables and documentation as a brand-new speaker. In fact, Sonos is so confident with its refurbished kit that it offers an identical one-year hardware warranty with its discounted Certified Refurbished speakers as its brand-new models. All orders will be eligible for free nationwide delivery too. There are some brilliant deals available on brand-new Sonos speakers too, which you can find below. Retailers like Amazon, John Lewis, Argos and Currys regularly slash the price of the most popular models, with some offering double the hardware warranty (John Lewis), next-day delivery at no extra cost (Amazon) or free pick-up in-store (Argos and Currys). In this guide, we've rounded up the best UK deals currently available on every Sonos speaker model. We've got discounted prices for new Sonos speakers as well as Certified Refurbished models. Below, you'll also find comparisons between Sonos and Bose – so you can decide which of these connected sound systems is the best fit for your home. We've also rounded up information on the best Sonos speaker for your needs, the cheapest Sonos speaker available today, and a nifty trick to secure 30% off any Sonos speaker year-round, the best deals on Sonos speaker sets, and much more. Scroll down for the complete guide to the best Sonos deals, or click on the links above to jump to the relevant section. If you're looking for an incredible deal on a Sonos speaker, you'll struggle to beat the discounts available in Sonos' Certified Refurbished store. Sonos has slashed prices by as much as £230 – that's a bigger discount seen in the Black Friday sales! Despite that whopping discount, you'll still get the same documentation, cables and one-year hardware warranty with Sonos refurbished speakers as brand-new models. That's because all of the speakers sold in the Certified Refurbished store have been repaired and checked by Sonos' own engineers. It's also worth noting that a refurbished product is kinder on the planet too. However, stock levels do tend to vary wildly throughout the year, so you might not always be able to add your chosen to You'll also get free delivery nationwide from anything sold in Sonos' Certified Refurbished store. And you can return any speaker purchased from the Certified Refurbished store within 100 days for a full refund if you're not satisfied with any aspect of the kit. Sonos Roam is the smallest, cheapest, and most portable device the audio firm has ever built. However, don't think for one minute that its price and size mean the quality you'd expect from the US audio brand has been compromised. If you want to take your music, audiobooks, radio stations, podcasts or playlists into the garden ...Sonos Roam is a brilliant option. Inside the home, Sonos Roam works exactly like other connected speakers in its range – like Sonos One – with playback synchronised across multiple speakers and rooms. Away from home, Sonos Roam transforms into a Bluetooth speaker that can be paired with your phone or tablet. Sonos Roam boasts a rugged design that can survive a dip in the pool, sea, or bath. At launch, Sonos Roam cost £179 and is available in a wide selection of colours, including Shadow Black, Lunar White, Sunset, Wave, and Olive. Sonos Roam SL is an identical design, but drops the microphone array that enables Alexa and Google Assistant in favour of a cheaper price tag. We've rounded up the best Sonos Roam and Roam SL deals below, or check out our in-depth Sonos Roam review for more details on the speaker. Sonos Arc is an all-in-one Dolby Atmos soundbar with a stylish cylindrical design and slim profile. Sonos Arc pairs with every other speaker in the lineup, so you can build out a surround sound setup and synchronise playback across different rooms. Features like Speech Enhancement (which enhances dialogue above everything else in the mix) and Night Sound (which reduces loud noises to avoid waking others in the house) are baked into Sonos Arc. iPhone owners can also use the clever TruePlay feature to map out the room and perfect tune the speaker to fill the space. Sonos Arc can be controlled via the excellent Sonos app, which supports 50 different music streaming services, podcast players, live radio stations, and audiobooks. A far-field microphone array enables support for Google Assistant and Alexa, so you can control playback with a voice command. You can also use the voice assistants baked into Sonos Arc to control smart lighting, thermostats, video doorbells, and more. At launch, Sonos Arc cost £899 and is available in Black and White. We've rounded up the best Sonos Arc deals below, or check out our in-depth Sonos Arc review for more details on this flagship Dolby Atmos soundbar from Sonos. Sonos One sits at the top of Sonos' list of best-selling sets on its online store – and for good reason. This smart speaker with brilliant sound quality, a compact design, and support for voice controls. Sonos One is powerful enough to fill small to medium rooms with sound, making it perfect for a home office, kitchen, or bedroom. When paired with the likes of the Sonos Beam, Sonos Ray, or Sonos Arc, the Sonos One can can double-up as rear channels for a surround sound system for your telly. The popularity of Sonos means you'll be able to tap into a vast ecosystem of mounts, stands, and accessories designed for the Sonos One – something you won't always find with its rival speaker systems. Everything played on the Sonos One can be controlled with the Sonos app on iPhone, Android, or iPad. Alexa and Google Assistant are also supported. At launch, Sonos One costs £199 and is available in Black or White. Sonos sells a version of the speaker without the far-field microphone array, dubbed Sonos One SL, that cannot be integrated into your smart home set-up but lands with a cheaper £179 price tag. We've rounded up the best Sonos One and One SL deals below, or check out our in-depth Sonos One review for more details on the speaker. Sonos Ray is the most affordable soundbar in Sonos' lineup, but can still be slowly upgraded with other Sonos speakers to slowly build-out a home cinema system. Unlike the Sonos Beam, Sonos Ray only connects with an optical cable – forgoing the HDMI eARC connection. Despite its slimmer frame, Sonos Ray packs impressive audio performance and many of the features that characterise the rest of the Sonos range, including support for 50 different music streaming services, audiobook, and podcasts apps. You can also use the soundbar to listen to live radio. Of course, all of this can be synchronized with other Sonos and AirPlay 2-compatible speakers dotted throughout the home. However, there's no support for voice assistants like Google Assistant or Alexa baked into the Sonos Ray. Sonos Ray launched with a price tag of £279, with a choice of two colours – Black and White. We've rounded up the best Sonos Ray deals below, or check out our in-depth Sonos Ray review for more details on this budget Sonos soundbar. Sonos Move is the flagship portable speaker available from the US audio brand. Like the pocket-sized Sonos Roam, the Sonos Move has a rugged design capable of withstanding accidental drops. It's also IP56 rated, so you don't need to worry about poor weather or splashes from the pool or sea ruining its crucial components. Inside the home, Sonos Move works exactly like any other speaker in the lineup – with lossless streaming of music, audiobooks, live radio stations, or podcasts from the Sonos app or using AirPlay 2. But head outside, Sonos Move transforms into Bluetooth speaker that can be paired with any phone or tablet. With far-field microphones for Alexa and Google Assistant, the Move also doubles up as a smart speaker that lets you control lightbulbs, thermostats, video doorbells, and control music playback with a quick voice command. At launch, Sonos Move arrived with a price tag of £399. It's available in two colours: Shadow Black and Lunar White. We've rounded up the best Sonos Move deals below, or check out our in-depth Sonos Move review for more details on this budget Sonos soundbar. Sonos Sub Mini is a wireless subwoofer that adds additional oomph to your surround sound setup – with the cost associated with the flagship Sonos Sub 3. The Sub Mini pairs wirelessly with any of Sonos' current lineup of speakers – except the portable Roam and Move. Speakers made in collaboration between Sonos and IKEA will also work with the Sub Mini. For its part, the Sub Mini offers a solid amount of rumble without ever being disruptive. If you've got thin walls, you can hold back the amount of rumble you'll get from the Sub Mini too. By offloading all of the lower-end of the spectrum to the Sub Mini, other Sonos speakers in your system are able to dedicate themselves to the mid and high tones – often resulting in much, much better sound performance from your existing speakers. The stylish cylindrical design means Sub Mini is more design-focused than some of its closest rivals. At launch, Sonos Sub Mini arrived with a price tag of £429. It's available in two colours: Black and White. We've rounded up the best Sonos Sub Mini deals below, or check out our in-depth Sonos Sub Mini review for more details on wireless subwoofer. Sonos Beam is a compact Dolby Atmos soundbar designed to upgrade the sound from your television. The second-generation model adds a more powerful chipset and a sturdier polycarbonate grill that makes cleaning much easier compared to the lint-clutching mesh of the first-generation soundbar. As well as boosting sound during your next movie night, Sonos Beam also functions like any other Sonos speaker – so you can beam lossless music, podcasts, audiobooks, and live radio stations to the soundbar and synchronise playback throughout your home. Beam arrives with a far-field microphone array to enable Google Assistant and Alexa, so you can control playback, turn off smart lighting, and adjust thermostats with your voice. Features like Speech Enhancement (which enhances dialogue above everything else in the mix) and Night Sound (which reduces loud noises to avoid waking others in the house) are baked into Sonos Beam. iPhone owners can also use the clever TruePlay feature to map out the room and perfect tune the speaker to fill the space. At launch, the second-generation Sonos Beam cost £449. It's available in Black and White. We've rounded up the best Sonos Beam deals below, or check out our in-depth Sonos Beam review for more details on this Dolby Atmos soundbar from Sonos. Sonos Five is the flagship standalone speaker in the Sonos lineup. If you're looking for the best sound quality from a single speaker, Sonos Five is the best choice. Not only that, but Sonos Five packs the ability to transform any audio equipment with a 3.5mm output into an AirPlay-capable wireless sound system. Old turntables and cassette players can be upgraded and integrated into an existing Sonos system – with playback synchronised across different rooms in the home. Sonos Five packs six custom-designed drivers: three midwoofers designed to ensure bass isn’t distorted at higher volumes, one centre tweeter, and two angled side tweeters. As you'd expect, that results in some ludicrous volumes. Even at higher volumes, sound from the Sonos Five is crystal clear. The expansive soundstage breathes life into almost every music genre, so you'll hear the benefit no matter what your tastes. At launch, Sonos Five arrived with a price tag of £499. It's available in Black and White. We've rounded up the best Sonos Five deals below, or check out our in-depth Sonos Five review for more details on this flagship speaker from Sonos. If you're looking to add multiple Sonos speakers to your home, it might be best to opt for a bundle. Sonos sells a number of speaker bundles – known as "sets" – that bring together its connected audio kit for a specific purpose, like a 7.1 surround sound set-up for your television. And when bought together, Sonos offers discounts of up to £101 compared to buying the same speakers separately from its online store. Bargain! Unfortunately, these bundles are only sold by Sonos ...so you won't be able to find a bundle in the sales from other retailers, like Amazon or John Lewis. As such, it's worth keeping an eye on the price of the individual speakers that make up the bundles. You might be able to buy the same speakers for a cheaper price even with the discount applied to the bundle. As such, you'll want to compare the bundles below with the sales on the best-selling Sonos kit above. It's also worth noting that Sonos does not bundle its refurbished speakers (usually because stock on these much, much more affordable models can be few and far between) so it's worth checking the certified refurbished store to make sure you can't buy the same models separately for a cheaper price too. If you're already a Sonos owner, it's possible to unlock discounts of up to 30% on brand-new speakers from the brand. Dubbed the Sonos Upgrade Programme, the scheme is designed to reward long-term fans. Sonos will offer discounts to those with speakers that are no longer supported in the latest version of its app, Sonos S2, which is available on iOS, Android, macOS, and Windows. These older speakers will continue to work with the older Sonos S1, although you won't enjoy the latest features and functionality pushed out by the US company, which will be reserved for the S2 app. If you want to upgrade your entire wireless system to the S2 app, you'll need to buy a new speaker. And that's where the Sonos Upgrade Programme comes in. To get started, simply login to the Sonos website with your account credentials and you'll be able to see a list of speakers registered to your account. If you have one of the following speakers, you'll be able to generate a unique discount code to use in the online store to treat yourself to a new speaker. These vary between 15% and 30% off the UK price. This discount code will only be available on the official Sonos online store, so you won't be able to use the promo code when purchasing a Sonos speaker from John Lewis or Amazon, for example. The speakers eligible for a discount code are... You can login to your Sonos account to collect your discount code here. Sonos was founded in the United States back in 2002 with a simple mission – to untether your audio from a single room and endless pesky cables. Long before the arrival of music streaming services and technology like Apple's AirPlay, Sonos required its own dedicated wireless network to link up to 32 speakers around your home. With the latest generation of Sonos speakers, that's all changed. The speakers available to buy from Sonos today connect to your Wi-Fi system and allow anyone connected to the same wireless network to queue up songs from their personal library, switch between radio stations, adjust the volume, or add an extra room into the mix using the Sonos app on iPhone, iPad, Mac, Windows, and Android. By relying on Wi-Fi instead of Bluetooth, Sonos speakers do not need to worry about the signal deteriorating as you walk away from the speaker, step outside into the garden. It also means your favourite album or podcast won't be interrupted with a ping or a bleep each time you receive a notification on your phone ...something that plagues all Bluetooth speakers. Streaming music over Wi-Fi is also lossless, so you'll be able to beam CD-quality audio to every room in your house without a cable in sight. That's something that's not possible with Bluetooth and other older wireless technologies. In the years following its launch, Sonos has become one of the most popular smart audio brands on the market. Using your existing Wi-Fi network, Sonos speakers allow you to beam lossless audio around your home from a dizzying array of streaming services, including Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music HD, TiDAL, YouTube Music and more, as well as radio stations, playlists curated by the experts at Sonos, vinyl, or music from a local hard-drive. While Sonos no longer requires its own wireless signal, it's still limited to a maximum of 32 Sonos speakers on a single Wi-Fi network, each playing different albums or sources, or synchronised to play the same song throughout the house. You can also adjust the volume of each of the speakers individually or at the same time ...something that's no longer possible on Google Home speakers, following a successful lawsuit brought by Sonos. Sonos speakers can also be used to upgrade your movie nights, thanks to the popular Sonos Beam 2 and Sonos Arc soundbars. These can be paired with the wireless speakers in your home to create a surround sound system. There's an optional subwoofer to complete a 5.1 setup. Sonos also works with AirPlay 2, so iPhone and iPad owners will be able to stream audio with a tap (and even group Sonos speakers with other AirPlay 2-enabled speakers from other brands, such as Bose). A number of Sonos speakers can double-up as smart home gadgets, like the Sonos One and Sonos Beam 2, which can be controlled with popular hands-free assistants like Alexa and Google Assistant. If you already have a number of Amazon Echo or Google Nest speakers at home, the Sonos kit can integrate seamlessly. There's also a line of Sonos speakers that can be taken outside of the home away from your Wi-Fi network. The Sonos Roam, Roam SL, and Sonos Move can all be used as another addition to your wireless audio setup when you're home, but unlike other Sonos speakers, these can also be taken out-and-about and used as a Bluetooth speaker. The built-in battery pack lets you play from the usual array of music streaming services and radio stations when outside. Better yet, both the Sonos Roam and Move are water-resistant – so you can take them to the beach or pool without a worry! A lot has changed since 2002 and Sonos isn't the only company trying to revolutionise home audio. Some of the biggest technology companies, including Google and Amazon have added a number of the same features into their popular range of AI assistant-controlled smart speaker, Google Nest and Amazon Echo, respectively. Apple makes its AirPlay 2 standard available to a wide range of manufacturers, including Bose, Bowers & Wilkins, Marshall, and Roku to name a few, which allows iPhone, iPad and Mac owners to send lossless audio with a few taps – no need to dig into the settings menu, no need to pair with a new device and exchange a four-digit code... But while the competition is fierce, Sonos remains a hugely popular option thanks to its incredible ease-of-use, design and sound quality. Since it's such a popular brand, there is a thriving ecosystem of third-party stands, accessories, wall-mounts and much more that you simply won't find with other options. The breadth of the line-up from Sonos is also another advantage. As you can start with a single speaker – a Sonos One, for example – before deciding to upgrade the speaker system with your telly, or add a portable Sonos Roam ready for BBQs in the garden in the summer, the list goes on. And since Sonos doesn't have a horse in the race, unlike Apple, Google and Amazon, it supports pretty much all streaming services and voice-activated AI assistants, including Alexa and Google Assistant. That way, even if you switch from an iPhone to an Android phone, or from Apple Music to TiDAL, in the future – your home audio system will continue to work just as well as it always has. That's certainly not the case for anyone who has deeply invested in HomePod and HomePod mini speakers at home. That's a big question. The best Sonos speaker depends entirely on what you are looking for. Below we've included a quick summary of our favourite Sonos speakers, and where these models excel. Depending on whether you're looking to purchase your first Sonos speaker or add a critically-acclaimed model to a whole-home setup. If you're looking for the most affordable Sonos speaker, you should check out the collaboration between the smart audio brand and flatpack furniture maestros IKEA. Sold under the Symfonisk brand name, these speakers include the same smarts found across Sonos' entire range of speakers but are designed to blend into the background in your home. Symfonisk includes speakers that look like table lamps, slim speakers designed to fit between books on a bookshelf, and picture frames that can be affixed to the wall. These speakers can be paired with existing Sonos kit in your home, including Sonos One and Sonos Five, for example. You can even use the IKEA Symfonisk picture frames or table lamps to build a 5.0 or 5.1 surround sound system when paired with the likes of the Sonos Beam 2, Sonos Arc, and Sonos Sub. Whether you're looking for an affordable way to start your Sonos whole-home system, or want to build-out an existing set-up without spending a fortune, it's well worth checking out the Sonos x IKEA collaboration. Yes, absolutely. Sonos always offers a limited-time deal for Black Friday sales in its online store. Better still, most other retailers – including Amazon, John Lewis, Argos, Currys – will price-match the Black Friday discounts in their stores too, so you'll be able to pick the most convenient shop for you. But while Sonos never misses the Black Friday sales, the quality of these discounts can vary pretty wildly. While the Black Friday 2021 sale saw a £20 discount to the Sonos Roam (already one of the most affordable Sonos speakers in the line-up) and that's it, Sonos really stepped things up for Black Friday 2022. This year, the US company slashed the price of all of its speakers by 20%. That resulted in many of the lowest ever prices, including a £200 discount on the Sonos Arc soundbar. Sonos usually offers its Black Friday prices for four days, starting on the Friday. As such, its Black Friday and Cyber Monday promotions are the same. Sonos speakers and soundbars are also regularly discounted by high street and online retailers year-round, with price cuts during the January sales, Amazon Prime Day, and a number of other blockbuster sales events dotted throughout the calendar. And Sonos' certified refurbished store offers better than Black Friday discounts every day of the year (although, be warned that stock can quickly sell out... so you'll need to add these speakers to your shopping basket fast) Well, that's a matter of opinion. There's no doubt that, when it comes to connected audio systems, Sonos has the jump on Bose. Sonos has worked hard to develop a wireless audio system since it was founded back in August 2002. In the last 20 years, it has pioneered a number of features that we now take for granted – such as the ability to adjust the volume of multiple speakers playing the same audio with a single volume slider. Following a successful lawsuit filed by Sonos, Google has been forced to remove similar functionality from its rival Google Home speakers – forcing users to adjust the volume of each speaker individually (or recall the name of each speaker to ask hands-free Google Assistant to do it for you). Sonos supports a mind-boggling number of music, podcast and radio services. There are over 125 services available in the Sonos app, which is available on iPhone, iPad, Android and more. So whether you subscribe to Apple Music, Spotify, YouTube Music, Amazon Music, TuneIn, Pocket Casts, Deezer, or TiDAL, you'll be able to listen across all of your Sonos speakers. If you decide to switch to a new streaming service, you can rest assured that you'll be able to use your new subscription with Sonos products. In comparison, Bose Music app only supports Spotify, Deezer, Amazon Music, and TuneIn. As such, there's much less wiggle room if you want to switch to a different streaming service. But while Sonos might have the advantage when it comes to clever software features and support a broad range of services ...Bose, which was established in Massachusetts some 38 years before Sonos, has more experience when it comes to audio performance. Bose also includes Bluetooth support in many of its products as an option for those who want to play audio wirelessly, which is handy for those who don't have an AirPlay-enabled device or don't fancy downloading the dedicated Sonos app to play to its speakers. Like Sonos, Bose offers a number of different options, including soundbars, surround sound systems, and portable speakers that can all be linked together for a seamless whole-home system. Better yet, if you own an Apple-branded device, including iPhone, iPad, or Mac, you can use AirPlay 2 to play songs and podcasts across wireless speakers from different brands, including Bose and Sonos. So, if you already own a Bose-branded soundbar, you don't need to worry about buying every other wireless speaker from the same brand. If there's a good deal on a Sonos One, feel free to buy it. Sonos supports both Spotify Free and Spotify Premium accounts. However, purchasing one of these popular smart speakers won't entitle you to an advert-free experience on Spotify without paying a subscription to the streamer. Spotify's free subscription tier allows you to search for Spotify artists, albums, and playlists within the Sonos app. When listening to music with a Spotify Free account, you're limited to six song skips per hour. Your tracks will also be periodically interrupted by advertisements. But while Spotify isn't free for Sonos owners, the US brand does offer its own alternative – Sonos Radio – that's available at no extra cost for all speaker and soundbar owners. Sonos Radio boasts 60,000 radio stations from around the world, including a curated selection of original stations from the team at Sonos. These are ad-supported. For those who want a premium experience, Sonos Radio HD is available with a subscription. This option includes high-definition audio quality, access to more original content built by Sonos, unlimited skips, and ad-free streaming. MORE LIKE THIS