Jake Paul has played down John Fury’s calls for him to ‘pay up’ after shaking on a double or nothing deal for his Saudi showdown with Tommy Fury. Paul had drawn up and signed a contract ahead of the fight which declared that if he lost the contest then he would double Tommy’s wages but in the event of a victory, the ex-Love Island star would lose all of his winnings. The offer was presented to Tommy during their final press conference and was accepted by Fury Sr on his behalf, sealed by a handshake. When the contract was presented to the Mancunian during a face-to-face interview two days before the fight, Tommy gave it to his dad to be passed on to his lawyers. However, he never put pen to paper. Tommy went on to win the fight and his father is now demanding that Paul doubles his son’s reported £2.5million purse with the handshake signifying a done deal. Taking to Twitter, he released a video, saying: "Jake Paul, moment of truth; again, I say it, you lost the fight. We had a deal in front of millions of people worldwide and I expect you to honour that deal. “You owe us some money; don't come back at me with contracts and all that ball c***, I'm a gypsy, I can't read and write properly, I don't understand that. We were over there to do a job, we done it and I'm sure you'll be a great guy and honour what you've done. Pay up." However, Paul doesn’t intend to reach into his pockets given that the paperwork was never completed. Speaking during a recent appearance on his brother Logan’s Impaulsive Podcast, Paul shrugged off John’s suggestions and revealed that the famous father had received so much backlash that he had deleted a series of tweets expressing his demands. “Everyone sees through it, so much so that John Fury deleted the tweets,” he said. “It happened like hours ago.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Joshua shows true colours with personal view on Usyk defeat Anthony Joshua hit with dedication dig over 'blue chip' sponsors Ex-boxing champ 'sent to prison' for tax evasion and doping charges Paul and Tommy are now expected to run it back later this year with the American stating his intentions to activate the rematch clause in their contract. Esteemed boxing insider Mike Coppinger reports that the second fight is being targeted for July. No location has been disclosed as of yet although it is likely the grudge match will return to Saudi Arabia given the success of the event and the massive purses both fighters received.