Daniil Medvedev has backed Rafael Nadal to come back strong at the French Open following his tough start to 2023. The Spaniard has not played since the Australian Open after picking up a leg injury during his second-round defeat. He has since had to pull out of Indian Wells and Miami. But the world No 6 has warned against ruling the ‘King of Clay’ out at his favourite tournament. Nadal has played just four matches so far this year, winning one of them. The 22-time Grand Slam champion went 0-2 at the United Cup before downing Jack Draper in the Australian Open first round. However, the Spaniard got injured while he was a set down to Mackenzie McDonald in his next match and has not competed since. The 36-year-old’s fate currently looks uncertain as he recently admitted he didn’t have a comeback date in mind, but he has been seen training on the clay after withdrawing from the first two Masters 1000s of the year. And Medvedev believes the Spaniard will still be as tough as ever at his most successful tournament if he is ready to return at the French Open. “No, of course I want to see it,” the 27-year-old told AS when asked if he’d rather not see Nadal on the court. “It hasn't been easy for him lately. Everybody knows. He will return on clay and we will see what he is capable of.” Just in Medvedev 'not tired' of Russia ban talk as Wimbledon wish shared [LATEST] And the former French Open quarter-finalist thought Nadal would be capable of a lot on his favourite surface, adding: “He always showed, especially at Roland Garros, that he is capable of anything. I don't think he has to prove to anyone that he is capable of great things. “So I'm sure of that until the moment he comes out and says, 'OK, I'm out'.” Medvedev also said that Nadal’s Big Four rivals had the same ability to quickly get back to their best after injury as he claimed the world No 9 would be “dangerous” until the day he retired. Don't miss... Djokovic 'obsessed' with records in harsh French Open reality check [QUOTES] Djokovic hasn't 'given up' on Miami Open after entry request denied [UPDATE] Federer could get his tennis wish in retirement after £125m investment [REPORT] “We already saw this with bigger players, who came back and kept winning,” he explained. “So you have to wait. But until now he can win any tournament he plays. That's Rafael. It was the same for Roger, Novak, Andy... Until the moment he says: 'I'll quit', Rafa is dangerous for everyone.” Nadal provided an update on his condition while attending Real Madrid’s Copa del Rey semi-final first leg defeat to Barcelona, telling reporters: “I am doing weekly check-ups. We will have to see how I evolve, but I'm not here today, we'll see. I am recovering. I do as much work as I can every day to recover as well as possible. I go day by day. I don't know when I'll be back, when I'm fine. And then we will have to have a little patience."