A vile drunk man stabbed a mum to death in a senseless attack after she confronted him for talking too loudly on the phone. Fabills Felipe de Almeida, 37, was propped up by onlookers in a street in Brazil while blood gushed out her chest on March 4. Horrific CCTV footage from outside a bar in Fortaleza shows Fabills challenging the drunk suspect and appearing to shout in his face. The mum then slaps the man who appears to be holding a knife in his right hand. In response, he plunges the blade into her chest. The mum-of-one had finished her workday in a local shop when she left to meet her friends at a nearby petrol station bar. READ MORE: Putin infiltrating NATO with 'leverage' over Turkey The row is said to have started after a man stood next to Fabills and began noisily talking on the phone. After the stabbing, Fabills is somehow able to stay on her feet but is then supported by a passer-by. Meanwhile, a pool of blood is starting to develop. A man is then seen back-tracking before he flees the scene. According to the Secretariat of Public Security, she was killed over a "banal" discussion. Don't miss... 'Nervous' Putin cuts Wagner boss' phone lines to Russian officials [WAGNER GROUP] Russians nuclear panic as they are told to rush to bomb shelters [RUSSIA] Groceries chain probe after South American meat labelled 'British' [UK] Fabills was rushed to hospital but died two days after the brutal incident. A man was arrested by police on Thursday after a warrant was issued for his arrest. The victim's daughter, 20, said: "My mother was always a very calm person. The most patient person I’ve known my entire life. "She helped everyone who needed it. I lost count of how many times she stopped eating to help others, and how many baskets she donated.   "She raised me alone, she was always a fighter. Everything my mother bought was the result of her hard work. "She had me very young at 17. She has three siblings, all of them are in a lot of pain. The advice she always gave me was to study. "Today I am a nursing technician. Her dream was that I become a doctor." The investigation remains ongoing.