The Green Bay Packers managed to tie down their franchise quarterback Aaron Rodgers to a three-year $150million extension in March 2022 but after the team’s lacklustre display last campaign, speculation has turned to where the four-time MVP will take his sizeable purse next term. Rodgers has a staggering net worth of $68m according to Forbes’ 2022 rich list of athletes, with assets generated from his glittering career as well as endorsements and business ventures aplenty. Prior to the 39-year-old’s eye-watering extension last spring, which came off the back of some controversy during the 2021 off-season, Rodgers purchased a minority ownership stake in Wisconsin’s other big sporting franchise, the NBA’s Milwaukee Bucks. The ten-time Pro Bowler also launched a $50m venture and growth stage fund with Roth capital in 2019 which has contributed to his ranking of 14th in the Forbes 2022 list of richest athletes, though he has been unable to feature in the Celebrity 100 having placed 16th in 2019 and dropping off altogether in 2020. MUST READKansas City Chiefs hero Patrick Mahomes has underwear superstition before gamesKansas City Chiefs braced for major coaching setback days after winning Super Bowl 2023Shaquille O'Neal tells Donald Trump to 'shut the f*** up' over Rihanna comments   As one of the most successful quarterbacks of his generation, Rodgers’ extensive endorsement portfolio, which includes the likes of Adidas, Block Inc, Bose, Fanatics, Panini, State Farm Mutual Auto Insurance, TaylorMade and Zenith, come as no surprise and account for $11m of his 2022 earnings. With the remaining $57m coming from his efforts with the Packers which, last term aside, have seen the NFL titans sustain their image as one of the best teams in American football. The California native led the Packers to their fourth Super Bowl championship in 2010 with a 31-25 victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers, completing 24 of 39 passes for over 300 yards with three touchdowns and no interceptions which earned him Super Bowl MVP honours. DON'T MISSTom Brady defends Aaron Rodgers as NFL star mocked for 'four-day darkness' retreatKansas City Chiefs star aims cheeky dig at Philadelphia Eagles defender after Super BowlEx-NFL player tragically dies at 40 after 'collapsing at mental hospital' Rodgers’ accomplishments see him rank fifth all-time for NFL passing touchdowns with a total of 475 touchdowns and he is one of only two active players in the top ten ranking four sports higher than Matt Ryan of the Indiana Colts. However, after months of speculation and rumours of unrest at Green Bay, Rodgers and the franchise which drafted him in 2005 look set to end their near two-decade relationship this off-season. The New York Jets are among the favourites to secure his services. 