The row between the BBC and Gary Lineker made its way Stateside on Sunday evening as GMB’s Noel put a number of stars on the spot for their thoughts on the matter at the Oscars. Lucien made no secret of his stance on the matter, hitting out at the Conservative government and exclaiming down the ITV cameras: “F**k the Tories.” Gary’s suspension from the BBC and Match of the Day presenting duties came after a tweet criticising the government drew widespread backlash and compared its policies’ language with 1930s Germany It also raised the issue of impartiality at the BBC and boss Tim Davie admitted he asked Gary to “step back” after getting involved in “party political matters”. However, on Monday, March 13, the BBC has reached a deal with Gary over his social media use. He will return to host FA Cup coverage on Saturday as well as Match of the Day this coming weekend. READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ Prior to the announcement, Noel reported from the champagne-coloured carpet at the Oscars for GMB where he filled Ranvir Singh in on how things had gone. Noel said: “This year’s ceremony wasn’t the most memorable or eventful, which will be a huge relief to the Academy - especially after the past 12 months. “There were no major hiccups or punches thrown but as you, nonetheless, it was a historic night. “Brendan Fraser held off Colin Farrell from winning Best Actor. A big upset for the actor, had he won it would’ve been his first Oscar ever." Noel continued: “Also, we saw Everything Everywhere All at Once winning seven of its 11 nominations and here on the red carpet. “(But) one storyline which had a lot of guests talking as they came down this champagne-coloured carpet was the row between the BBC and Gary Lineker.” When Lucien stopped by to speak with Noel, he appeared to swear at the camera with his hand before saying: “F*** the Tories.” His hand was blurred during the pre-recorded interview and the show swiftly moved on from his comments. Don't miss... Jamie Lee Curtis bursts into tears after backlash over first Oscar win [WATCH] Ke Huy Quan and Harrison Ford leave Oscars fans in ‘sea of tears’ [REACTION] Hugh Grant leaves Oscars fans disgusted with crude Oscars joke [LATEST] The Emily in Paris star’s views came hours before Gary addressed the past few days and the deal he now has with the BBC going forward. Taking to Twitter on Monday, March 13, Gary penned: “After a surreal few days, I’m delighted that we have navigated a way through this. I want to thank you all for the incredible support, particularly my colleagues at BBC Sport, for the remarkable show of solidarity. “Football is a team game but their backing was overwhelming,” he added before following it up with a series of other tweets. Gary continued: “I have been presenting sport on the BBC for almost 3 decades and am immeasurably proud to work with the best and fairest broadcaster in the world. I cannot wait to get back in the MOTD chair on Saturday.” He added: “A final thought: however difficult the last few days have been, it simply doesn’t compare to having to flee your home from persecution or war to seek refuge in a land far away. “It’s heartwarming to have seen the empathy towards their plight from so many of you. “We remain a country of predominantly tolerant, welcoming and generous people. Thank you,” he signed off, followed by a love heart emoji. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV.