Former Liverpool man Xherdan Shaqiri is among the top ten MLS earners having made the surprise switch to MLS side Chicago Fire last January. The two-time Champions League winner joins the likes of former Sunderland striker Jozy Altidore and Javier Hernandez, who spent five seasons at Old Trafford, in 2022’s list of highest-paid players. MLS’ ‘Designated Player Rule’ allows clubs to splash out on up to three huge contracts for marquee international stars and was first introduced in 2007 when Beckham joined Los Angeles Galaxy from Real Madrid. European football’s top leagues have continued to provide MLS with a steady stream of impressive talent with 2022’s top earner being no exception, boasting a lucrative multi-million dollar deal. The former USMT international became the most expensive signing in MLS history when Toronto paid around £6.5million to sign him from Sunderland in 2015. The 33-year-old went some way to repaying the hefty outlay by scoring 62 goals in 139 MLS appearances but has since endured a less-than-successful stint with the New England Revolution since departing Toronto. Altidore is now on loan at Liga MX side Club Puebla having netted just once in 17 outings for Toronto. Araujo’s base salary of £2.9million would actually place him below Altidore in the top ten, but with guaranteed bonuses included the former Lille man claims the ninth spot. Signed by Atlanta United from the Ligue 1 side in 2021, Araujo has become somewhat of a fan favourite thanks to his high octane displays and has chipped in with eight goals as he approaches 50 league appearances for the club. Still only 26 years old the Brazilian is one of the younger players to commit to MLS and has been rewarded with a beefy pay package. Pozuelo spent a short time on British shores with Swansea City in 2014 before establishing himself in the game following a successful time in Belgium with Genk. The 31-year-old quickly became one of MLS’ top performers after joining Toronto in 2019, scoring 12 goals in his maiden campaign, but the arrival of a player who will feature later on this list rendered his services obsolete. As a result the Spaniard opted to join the Inter Miami project in 2022 and has since gone on to register two goals in 12 league outings for the new franchise. A legend of Mexican football, Herrara has made over 100 appearances for the national team including two outings in El Tri’s unsuccessful 2022 Qatar World Cup campaign. The 32-year-old ended his three year stay with Spanish giants Atletico Madrid last year and joined Houston Dynamo on a two-year deal with an option for a third. Herrera’s debut campaign was one to forget however, as the side finished up just ahead of the bottom-placed western conference side San Jose, nine points off the play-offs. Higuain enjoyed a glittering career in European football with starring roles for Real Madrid, Napoli and Juventus before a forgettable spell at Chelsea. The Argentine’s pedigree helped secure his bumper deal with Inter Miami in 2020, and though his time in Florida fared worse than expected, the 35-year-old still chipped in with 29 goals from his 67 appearances. The three-time La Liga winner decided to call time on his career at the end of the 2022 season as Miami fell to a 3-0 defeat to New York City in the first round of the play-offs. LA Galaxy made a big splash in February last year when they announced the signing of Costa from Juventus - via Gremio - on an initial six-month loan before securing his services permanently at the end of last season. The 32-year-old has made 31 appearances for the Brazilian national team and boasts an impressive resume having claimed multiple league titles in Italy with Juventus and in Germany with Bayern Munich. Four goals from 27 appearances in LA represent an underwhelming start to life in MLS. A supremely talented player in his pomp, Bernardeschi opted for a surprise move to MLS to link up with compatriot Lorenzo Insigne before even hitting his thirties, though with the money on offer in Toronto the decision seems more understandable. With game time limited at Juventus, the Euro 2020-winning Italian international turned out for the Canadian outfit in 2022, scoring eight goals from only 13 appearances. The 29-year-old’s heroics could do little to save the big-spending franchise's woeful season as they were only saved from propping up the eastern conference standings by Wayne Rooney’s DC United. Chicharito’s five-year spell with Manchester United made the Mexican a household name on these shores and those abilities have been on full display since joining LA Galaxy in 2019. Hernandez spent time with fellow Premier League outfit West Ham before a move to Spain at Sevilla after his time with the Red Devils and has made a home for himself with California side by scoring 37 goals in 65 appearances. As one of the league’s most recognisable names, the 34-year-old has certainly justified his sizeable pay packet and helped the side reach the conference semi-finals where they fell to eventual champions, and crosstown rivals - LA FC. Chicago Fire splashed the cash with their £6million signing of the Swiss international in January last year but the ex-Liverpool man is yet to set the MLS alight. Seven goals in 29 appearances is a decent if not unspectacular return for the league’s second-highest earner and with the Illinois outfit failing to even make the play-offs last season there will be plenty of expectation for stronger displays next term. Toronto made Insigne MLS’ highest-earner of all time when they snapped him up from Serie A giants Napoli, ending the 31-year-old’s 16-year stay with the club. The Italian international joined Azzuri teammate Bernardeschi to complete a fearsome frontline which will be expected to inspire a marked improvement on Chicago’s 2022 showing. For his part, Insigne netted an impressive six goals in only 11 games last term.