Friends of the three young people who died in a car crash in Wales this week have hit out at the police for taking 46 hours to find their bodies. The bodies were eventually found by a dog walker, leading to scrutiny of the police search. On Tuesday, three bodies were found after Rafel Jeanne-Actie, Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21, Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin went missing on Friday night. They were last seen while on a night out at the Muffler nightclub in Newport. Eve, Darcy and Rafel lost their lives in the crash while Sophie and Shane are in hospital with serious injuries. Loved ones informed the police about their concerns when the group did not return from their night out. Friends and family have now criticised police for taking 46 hours to find the group. Friend Rhian Taylor, 26, said: "Those poor young girls could have been saved if they were found earlier. "Thousands of people must have driven past and the police knew they were heading that way - why did it take so long to find them." The group's car crashed off a dual carriageway into a woodland area, and the police wouldn't find the wreckage until two days later. Sophie, a trainee bank manager, has serious injuries. Her mother, Anna Certowicz, was at her side in the hospital having driven around Gwent and Cardiff looking for her daughter. Anna told neighbours that police "really weren't that bothered" when they reported the group missing. She was told: "They'll turn up soon enough probably with just a hangover." Anna claimed that police even told her to "stop ringing" when she called about her missing daughter. She was eventually informed by her older daughter, Georgia, that the car had been found late on Sunday. Anne added: “The next 48 hours are critical - she is having surgery now and we are hoping and praying. “I can’t stop thinking about how Sophie had to lie there wondering if she would ever be found.” A friend of Darcy and Eve also paid tribute after losing her friends. She said: "I don't really have the words right now. Darcy Ross I'm going to miss you little gypsy girl. "You were one of a kind, I'm going to miss trying to 'life coach' you as you would've said. You were a real ray of sunshine, especially on my bad days." CCTV has also emerged showing the group's car prior to the crash on the A48. A spokesman from Gwent Police told The Sun: "We understand how distressing it is when a loved one goes missing, we have seen the media reports about this and we will be liaising closely with the families involved to find out more information and address any concerns of this nature."