After 14 years, NCIS Los Angeles will be saying its final goodbye as it has been cancelled. The CBS series was the first of the NCIS spin-offs to come out and has millions of viewers tune in every week to see what the OSP team gets up to. Plans had been put in place for the final season of NCIS LA but these have since been altered. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.NCIS Los Angeles returned for its 14th season in October 2022 with a new instalment coming out every Sunday night on CBS, bar a few hiatuses. However, fans were left gutted when the American network announced the police procedural's cancellation last month. The reason for the show's axing is reportedly down to budget issues and the expense of filming NCIS LA. While the end is bittersweet, viewers are looking forward to seeing how the agents' stories are going to be wrapped up. READ MORE: Mark Steyn's GB News show branded 'materially misleading' Originally, when the news came out of NCIS LA ending, the season 14 finale release date was set as Sunday, May 14. However, the final episode has been pushed back another week for some unknown reason. So the last episode of NCIS Los Angeles season 14 is now going to air on Sunday, May 21 on CBS. To make up for the pushback, the finale is going to be longer than normal episodes. According to Parade, the NCIS LA grand finale is going to be a two-hour spectacular. This will give the drama plenty of time to wrap up all of the characters' stories without feeling rushed. Fans haven't always been thrilled with how big shows have finished, most infamously, the Game of Thrones last episode which still leaves viewers conflicted. So showrunner Scott R Gemmill knows there will be a lot of pressure to get it right. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [CAST] GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [REACTION] NCIS LA series finale delayed as CBS confirms two-hour special air dat [RELEASE DATE] “In fact, the longer you’re on the more difficult it is because there’s so much expectation and how do you live up to that? “We just took it on a character-by-character basis and tried to put them in a very good place in their lives and, hopefully, the fans will be happy with it. "I think the last scene is really fun and hopeful.” Before then, there are five more episodes to get excited about, prior to the finale. NCIS LA won't be back for episode 15 this weekend as the show takes a one-week hiatus. Instead, The Other Show is going to air the following week on Sunday, March 19. So far, only a synopsis has come out, only revealing: "Sam Hanna must go undercover as a fighter to catch the leader of a gang dealing drugs on the streets." NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA.