Women's world No 1 Iga Swiatek saw her practice session at the Indian Wells interrupted by a wedding proposal. The Polish star stopped her training session and invited the loved-up couple onto court for a picture before cheekily asking for a wedding invite. Ahead of this week's tournament, Swiatek was having a mid-afternoon practice session with American wildcard Sofia Kenin when they had a surprise interruption from the stands. A tennis fan who had attended the practice session with his partner, decided it was the perfect opportunity to pop the question. The proposal caught the eye of the Polish tennis star who invited them down onto the court. “Can I come to the wedding?” she joked after taking a snap of the happy couple. Swiatek has started to show glimpses of her form from last season which propelled her to world No 1 with wins at the French Open and Wimbledon. The 21-year-old has been inconsistent so far this term thrashing Cristina Bucsa in 55-minutes during her Australian Open third round match before losing to 22nd seed Elena Rybakina in the next round. READ MORE: Australian Open star thrashed in humiliating 55-minute loss after winning just 19 points   After beating Jessica Pegula in straight sets to win the Qatar Open last month the Polish star looked on course for a second title of the season at last week's Dubai Open. Despite beating talented American Coco Gauff 6-4, 6-2 in the semi-final Swiatek was beaten in the final by world No.16 Barbora Krejcikova 4-6, 2-6. Swiatek has good memories of the 'Sunshine Double' after becoming the youngest player to complete the American double, winning at both Indian Wells and Miami last year. She will become the first woman since Martina Navratilova in 1991 to retain her title, if she can emerge victorious this week. The Indian Wells Masters first round takes place on Wednesday with the tournament offering equal prize money for men and women, with the winners walking away with £1.04million.  Don't miss... Djokovic 'denied US entry by Homeland Security' as Biden request made [LATEST] Ukrainian tennis player teams up with Russian and slams Wimbledon ban [LATEST] Fritz rushes for sick bucket mid-match as star chunders on court [LATEST] A recent report by the Financial Times found that the men's ATP Tour, as of midway through last year, offered players 75 percent more prize money in their tournaments than the women's tour WTA Tour. Swiatek has supported a growing campaign to see equal prize money awarded across the two Tours. She told Sky Sports: "Our tennis brings the same emotions as men's tennis. There's something you can find in women's tennis that you're not going to find on the ATP. Right now, after a couple of years of hearing we're not consistent, we're actually consistent. There are top players who are playing great in most of the tournaments." 