A delivery driver walked off with a man's food, refusing to give him his delivery because she was unhappy with her $8 tip. She claimed this was not enough, given that the drive had taken 40 minutes. The recipient of the delivery used their Ring doorbell to instruct the delivery driver to leave the food on the doorstep. However, the delivery driver responded: "Um, no, I'd like to speak to you actually." Confused, the recipient of the delivery said, "I'm sorry?" The driver when on: "I need to speak to you. I don't think you realise where I'm coming from so I need to speak to you." Clearly confused, the man who ordered the food asks the driver: "Where what's coming from?" The driver went on: "Where the food your ordered is coming from? I don't think you realise the distance that it's coming from because then you would never have actually given what you gave. "So, I think you can come and see me face to face. Because I drove 40 minutes, it was really far. I don't think you realise where you ordered from." READ MORE: 'I'm 52 and I date men in their 20s for sex - I've been banned from Tinder four times' The man inside his home said: "I don't understand. Don't know the food is ordered from where?" The woman went on: "From the restaurant that you ordered from. Do you realise how far it is?" The man who placed said: "That's a 15, 20-minute drive." But, the woman disagreed. "It's not," she said. "You need to try and drive it, I just drove it. It's 40 minutes. It's 12 and a half miles." The man behind the door asks the delivery driver: "Why did you take the drop off if it was that far?" To which she replies: "I didn't know. I think you need to change the tip, to make it right. You gave an $8 tip." At this point, the man who ordered the delivery asks: "What the hell are you looking for? I gave an $8 tip." The delivery driver has clearly had enough. and says: "I'm going to bring the food back." She snatches up the food and walks back to her car. "Are you f***ing kidding?" the man asks. Another voice can be heard in the background saying: "Eight dollars? That's a lot." Of the many comments on the video, almost all were not sympathetic toward the delivery driver. One wrote: "The fact that she felt so entitled as to stand there and argue with him is fascinating. Honey, you do realize you can accept or decline delivery jobs right? If you didn't realize the distance, Maybe you should be more observant while doing your job." Don't miss... 'Marrying my stepdad was the best decision I’ve ever made' [REAL LIFE] 'My 11-year-old daughter came back from a sleepover with 10 piercings' [FURY] Man accuses woman of catfishing him - but he was the catfish [DATING] Another commenter, Dan Mortenson, wrote: "This woman has never worked for tips before. Eight dollars is a Home Run." Another, Rob, said: "As a door dash driver, an 8-dollar tip is good money!! I can’t believe she took the food back." Another said: "She’s insane. Tips are optional. If you don’t like it then get a side hustle that doesn’t deal with tips. She refused to give this guy his food and all she accomplished was reducing her tip from $8 to zero the guy probably got a full refund PLUS extra credits for his inconvenience. He won and she lost." One wrote: "I drove for a company similar to door dash but we didn't have the option to choose what deliveries we took, we had to take what we got sent. She should be happy with the option to choose and be gracious with an $8 tip."