The White House has vowed to "fight abortion restrictions" as POTUS Joe Biden plots his 2024 re-election bid. Biden's administration will jump into state-level battles over reproductive rights, which will include legal and messaging advice to allies in key states.  An inter-governmental affairs team and Vice President Kamala Harris's office will assist the White House's gender policy council, sources have told Reuters. States have been divided into three distinct categories and established bespoke approaches for all. An official said: "The goal of our strategy is fairly simple: it's to support actions by state and local leaders to protect and expand access but it's also to fight restrictions." The administration will also lean on lawmakers with important abortion-related legislative fights this session. North Carolina, which is a key swing state, was earmarked as having a special focus as the White House thinks it has the opportunity to fend off restrictions. Republicans in the Old North States have been working on more restrictive abortion laws than North Carolina's current 20-week ban. JUST IN: Jurors 'read right through' Alex Murdaugh as killer could turn crying 'on and off' Grand Old Party lawmakers also hold a veto-proof majority in the Raleigh. An official claimed: "We've been in touch with specific legislators who are going to be really important in this fight." Local Democrats have had varying records on abortion. However, officials have suggested Democrats have all committed to codifying abortion rights. Florida House Democratic leader Fentrice Driskell held meeting with White House officials to discuss how to drive abortion up the agenda. Democrats have struggled in the Sunshine State in recent years, with Ron DeSantis securing a second term in Tallahassee last November. Driskell said: "For the White House to reach out the way that it did, to say we're here to be as much of a backstop as we can be, to provide whatever resources we can, to try to assemble and convene state and local leaders from all across the country, it has meant a lot." Abortion returned to the forefront of US politics following the Supreme Court's decision to repeal Roe v Wade. Ex-POTUS Donald Trump even blamed the issue of women's reproductive rights for the Republican Party's lacklustre 2022 midterm election results. Taking to his social media platform Truth Social, the 76-year-old wrote: "It wasn’t my fault that the Republicans didn’t live up to expectations in the MidTerms. "I was 233-20! It was the ​’abortion issue,​’​ poorly handled by many Republicans, especially those that firmly insisted on No Exceptions, even in the case of Rape, Incest, or Life of the Mother, that lost large numbers of Voters." Opinion polls suggested around one-in-four considered abortion as the most important issue as voters headed to the polls. DON'T MISS:Tories’ last chance to boost business [COMMENT]Boris's former chief whip claims he can convince ex-PM to back Sunak [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s C2oronation [LIVE BLOG] Joe Biden also claimed: "This fall, Roe is on the ballot." The announcement also comes as Biden mulls over when to launch his 2024 re-election bid, with wife Jill claiming: "I'm all for it." Three states also held key votes on women's reproductive rights, including two red states. Montana opted to reject abortion measures which would allow criminal penalties for health care providers. Kentucky, which Trump carried with 62 percent of the vote in 2020, voted against further restrictions on reproductive rights. Michigan, a swing-state, also decided to enshrine abortion rights in the state's constitution. 