It is recommended to clean walls every two to three months. However, if there are stains on them, they should be removed as soon as possible. To do this, Mrs Hinch fans have shared their recommendation on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page after one group member asked for tips to remove tea stains off of their wall. Caroline Mcgarry wrote: “How to get tea stains off white painted wall? This picture is after trying to clean off with baby wipes.” From this picture it showed that Caroline had no success when using a baby wipe to remove the stain as it had only slightly lightened. To avoid the paint coming off the wall when removing the stain, group members suggested Caroline use a “magic eraser”. Macy Rawlings said: “It happened to me and I just used a magic eraser. They’re great for any stains on walls.” READ MORE: Remove ‘rusty-looking’ stains from grout and toilets with 14p item Katherine Matthews commented: “When I have stubborn stains on my walls I use a magic eraser sponge. It worked miracles on my oil-stained wall.” Gail Archer said: “Try gently scrubbing it with a magic eraser. I use it on my wall when my daughter leaves mucky hand prints on them.” Julie Kitts wrote: “Avoid using bleach. While it’ll get rid of the stain, it’ll also remove the paint. The stain can easily be removed with a magic eraser.” Teresa Hawkins replied: “My friends recommended using a micelle sponge to me. Apparently it works on all types of stains.” Don't miss... Gardeners share their ‘best’ solutions to get rid of lawn moss [TIPS] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] ‘Effective’ 59p item to brighten whites and remove clothing stains [EXPERT] Magic erasers are made of melamine foam, which is designed to reach into the surface grooves, lifting away built-up dirt, grime and stains. They only need water to effectively clean stains, so no chemicals or soaps are necessary. Melamine foam is a porous material, which acts something like very fine sandpaper to gently remove stains. Though it feels soft on the outside, each eraser is actually uniquely abrasive and uses small air pockets in the material to lift stains when damp. READ MORE: ‘Kill mould’ on walls in '10 minutes' using ‘the best’ natural item Magic erasers are cheap to buy as a pack of two costs £2 from Wilko, which works out as £1 each. This can also be purchased from Sainsbury’s for £3.99. According to paint experts at Dulux, they recommended using soap to remove wall stains. They advised starting off by dusting off any excess dirt using a cloth-covered broom or mop, as this will prevent dirt and grime from being smeared around. Next, use warm, soapy water (using the mildest cleaning detergent) and a soft sponge to gently clean the walls. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Households shouldn’t soak the sponge fully, as too much liquid could result in water stains being left on the wall. Leave the soapy solution on for five to10 minutes. Then rinse off the detergent using clean water. When it comes to removing oil stains from walls they recommended using an old school cleaning favourite - white vinegar. Mix one cup of white vinegar into a bucket of warm water, and use a soft sponge to tackle stubborn stains. For glossy finishes, which are less durable when it comes to cleaning, avoid harsh substances and consider using heat instead. Place an absorbent cloth over the oil stain and heat the cloth with an iron on its lowest heat setting. The heat should emulsify the oil so that it soaks into the cloth.