You season four is back on Netflix and part two focused on Jonathan Moore's (played by Penn Badgley) redemption path. However, things took a dark turn when it was revealed Rhys Montrose (Ed Speleers) was not who viewers thought he was. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened at the end. The final episode started with a suicide trigger warning as Jonathan contemplated taking his own life. Believing it was the only way to end the vicious cycle, he thought he needed to take himself out of the picture. Earlier in the season it had been revealed the Rhys Montrose Joe had met was in fact a figure of his imagination. After developing an obsession with the real Rhys, he started envisioning him as a real-life acquaintance. When in fact, the pair had never met, which Joe came to learn when he killed the real Rhys. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Elsewhere, Joe continued his murder spree after Kate (Charlotte Ritchie) told him about her manipulating father. Joe went to Tom's workshop and suffocated him before killing a member of his security. Joe believed this would be his final act of 'good will' before he died as he was determined to end his life. Whilst talking on a bridge with 'Rhys', he said he knew he could never have a life with Kate as he would only kill again. It was after this that Joe threw Rhys over the side of the bridge. Just as fans thought Joe really could be dead, he woke up in hospital having been saved by a passing boat. Kate was by his bedside and Joe confessed to her he had killed people and told her his real name. She did not seem phased by his dark past and the pair ended up becoming somewhat of a power couple. However, Joe had not rid himself of his alter-ego Rhys as when he looked through a window, it was Rhys' reflection smirking back at him. With this in mind, it seems there is still an evil part of Joe that will never die. Don't miss... The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [INSIGHT] You's Nadia star pays sweet tribute to co-star despite lack of scenes [INTERVIEW] YOU fans 'work out' Rhys hallucination theory as they spot clue [LATEST] Little did Joe know, he was not responsible for all of the deaths, as Marienne (Tati Gabrielle) was still alive. She and Nadia (Amy-Leigh Hickman) had come up with a plan for her to take beta blockers so it would seem like she had overdosed on Joe's medication. When Joe dumped Marienne's body on a park bench, Nadia was there to revive her and send her back to Paris to be with her daughter. Elsewhere, Nadia had found evidence that Joe had killed Rhys and went to show her boyfriend Eddie Brad Alexander). However, Joe had cottoned on to Nadia's suspicions and he beat her to it, killing Eddie. He was hoping to frame Eddie for killing Rhys and asked Nadia to explain this to the police. However, Nadia would not confess anything and she was wrongly imprisoned. At this moment in time, the series is yet to be renewed for season five so there is no knowing whether Rhys will continue to be a part of Joe. However, it appears Joe will always have an evil side, whether it be in the form of Rhys or through some other means.  You season 4 part 2 is on Netflix now.