Charles Bronson has been told that his release from prison cannot be recommended because there is “further work that needs to be done” to address his “exacerbated violence”. While the armed robber, who has been in prison since 1974, has allegedly mellowed with old age, a psychologist told the parole panel that his  “violence has been exacerbated while he has been in the prison system” and that it would not be safe to advocate for release.    The psychologist told the hearing that Bronson would be at very low risk of absconding if he was moved to an open prison but advised against releasing him into the community. “You can never say someone is at no risk but I think he would be at a low risk of absconding,” she said. “I think the benefits of being in open conditions and the work that could be done there would outweigh the immediate risks at the moment. “[But] I can't recommend that he is released at this time because I think there's further work that needs to be done.”    The psychologist said Mr Bronson had suffered with PTSD from his brutal time in prisons across the UK, including Broadmoor and Rampton high-security hospitals. “His violence has been exacerbated while he has been in the prison system and that is because he has felt that he is locked in a battle with the authorities,” she said. ”He feels like the whole system is about humiliating and degrading him.” In a 2021 interview with his friend, YouTuber Steve Wraith, Mr Bronson, who has renamed himself Charlie Salvador, said he would hate wearing a “f*****g tag” if he was ever released.  READ MORE: Charles Bronson's brother fails to back his bid for freedom [REPORT]  He said he would be on “very thin ice” if was ever to be let out of prison because the nature of the parole conditions would be too restrictive. “Britain's most dangerous prisoner” is now pleading with the parole board to approve his release after nearly 50 years in jail. He was first locked up for armed robbery in 1974, but during his time inside he has taken hostages in 10 prison sieges and attacked at least 20 prison officers. Eventually in 1999 he was handed a life sentence for kidnapping a prison art teacher. DON'T MISS: Charles Bronson says he has PTSD after 'brutal' jail treatment [REVEAL]Charles Bronson victim on how horrific attack will haunt him forever [REPORT] Charles Bronson will never not pose a risk to others, expert says [REVEAL]   During his 2021 interview, he said: “Let's just say they say I'm not allowed to walk past the Post Office, well, how do I know if there's a Post Office round the f*****g corner? “Now in a paedophile's case they're not allowed to walk past schools, but how do they know if there's a school round the corner? “And you're not allowed to talk to girls? Well, what happens if a girl talks to you. I'm going to be on very thin ice out there. But at least it's half freedom. “The only thing I'm not looking forward to is that f*****g tag on my ankle – for three months I think. How do you ever shower with that on? “How do you put your socks on? I won't be able to wear my suspenders and tights with them!”   