People invest in Individual Savings Accounts (ISAs) as a tax-efficient route to put money away throughout their lifetime. But when it comes to death, it’s important to know the rules in order to - if needed - make transfers to surviving loved ones without landing them with a sizeable inheritance tax bill. Cash ISAs allow savers to invest up to £20,000 per year without paying tax on the interest earned. Patrick King, tax partner at MHA told Express.co.uk: “ISAs have no upper limit on their asset value, therefore, in theory, if you were to invest over a long period of time, you could easily be sitting on an ISA worth in excess of a million, entirely tax-free.” However, he noted that while ISAs are exempt from most taxes, it is common for people to assume that they are exempt from inheritance tax (IHT). However, he said: “ISAs are entirely vulnerable to inheritance tax with no exceptions.” When a person dies, there will be no income tax or capital gain on the money the ISA continues to make throughout the whole administration of their estate - provided this does not exceed extend beyond three years. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak urged to scrap pension age change  By contrast, Dr Roger Gewolb, finance expert and CEO of fairmoney.com told Express.co.uk: “There will be inheritance tax on your ISA when you die; it will be included in your estate.” However, Dr Gewolb continued: “This can be avoided by leaving it to your surviving spouse or civil partner. That will defer the inheritance tax until your partner dies unless, of course, they acquire a new partner and leave it to them and there is a further deferral.” For the past nine years, married couples or those in civil partnerships have been able to inherit the value of their deceased partner’s ISA. This is known as an Additional Permitted Subscription (APS). DON'T MISS: Average saver has £17,365. Best buy account turns it into £21,640 [INSIGHT]Pensions vs ISA - which is best for retirement [ANALYSIS]Bed & ISAs mean 'more than ever' now to beat April tax changes [EXPLAINED]    Ben Harrison, an associate financial planner at Equilibrium Financial Planning, told Express.co.uk: “The rules are pretty straightforward to qualify for an APS. You must have been married or in a civil partnership and have not been separated or estranged from the deceased partner at the date of death. “The same rules apply whether this is a Cash, Stocks and Shares or Innovative Finance ISA.” However, according to Mr Harrison, there are time limits to using the APS. These come in three different scenarios: READ MORE: NatWest offers competitive 6.17% interest on regular saver  The rules on how much counts toward the APS are slightly different depending on when the individual died. Mr Harrison said: “If your partner died after April 5, 2018, their ISA becomes a “continuing ISA”. If, for example, this were a Stocks and Shares ISA, which on the date of death had a value of £100,000, and then while the estate is being wound up grows to £110,000, your APS allowance would be £110,000. “If the value fell to £90,000, you wouldn’t lose out, and still get the APS as of the date of death (£100,000). You would also still have your own £20,000 ISA allowance on top of the APS.” One pitfall for people to look out for is if their partner were to have died prior to April 2018, the APS value is set at the value of the ISA at death. Mr Harrison continued: “If the ISA raises in the time taken for the estate to be distributed, unlike the “continuing” ISA, you are not given any uplift and can only transfer up to the value at the date of death as an APS.  “It’s important to be aware of the ISA provider’s/platform’s stance on APS, as not all providers will accept an APS for their clients.” According to Mr King, the ability to transfer the ISA allowance requires the executors to request the deceased’s ISA provider make the transfer. He said: “If this request is not made to the provider within three years of the death, the ISA will be closed and future benefits lost.” So in summary, he added that: “ISAs have great tax benefits but they are not exempt from inheritance tax. They can be passed on with ISA benefits to a surviving spouse or civil partner but this must be done in the right way and within the time limits.” 