Pedro Pascal has dominated the small screen over the past few weeks thanks to his dual turns in HBO’s The Last of Us as well as the return of The Mandalorian on Disney+ for its third season. He will also be presenting a trophy at this year’s Academy Awards, and cut a sharp figure with his older sister Javiera Balmaceda. Pascal donned a classic black tuxedo with a pristine white shirt and no tie for a stunning look at this year’s Academy Awards ceremony in Hollywood. The actor presented the awards for Best Documentary, Animated and Live Action Short Film along with Marvel star Elizabeth Olsen. Also in attendance was his older sister Javiera Balmaceda, head of local originals, CA & AU at Amazon Studios, Latin America. As he walked the red carpet, Pascal posed with actress Salma Hayek and took pictures with his fans. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers Before he took to the stage, host Jimmy Kimmel quipped most viewers at home would be tuning into The Last of Us instead of the Oscars. Within minutes of his arrival, Twitter was full of photos and posts praising his champagne carpet look. @thinkerpascall exclaimed: “TOO HANDSOME! Pedro Pascal at the Oscars.” @mcuinaminute tweeted: “I just know he is pinching himself right now, look how happy he is.” @curvy_car said: “Ashley Graham flirting so hard with Pedro Pascal is so relatable because like I think I would be speechless. “Her dress is amazing on her btw. And of course Pedro looks AMAZING!!!” @smololovan wrote: “Pedro Pascal looks so handsome! In all seriousness, he's just so charming, always, everywhere. It's too much.” And @meekuhh admitted: “Watching the Oscars strictly for Pedro Pascal. He looks so beautiful.” Don't miss... Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose [LATEST] Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [COMMENT] You boss admits she’s ‘still debating’ Netflix series’ ending [INTERVIEW] Before the ceremony, Pascal attended the Oscars rehearsal and posed with stars such as Ana De Armas, Brendan Fraser and Olivia Wilde. Winners at the 95th Academy Awards started with supporting stars Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis for Everything Everywhere All At Once. Pascal's attendance at the ceremony falls in line with the finale of The Last of Us which airs Sunday night on HBO. The post-apocalyptic drama has proven to be one of the biggest and most acclaimed new series of 2023. Based on the video game franchise of the same name, the series follows Pascal’s Joel as he leads an immune teenage girl, Ellie (Bella Ramsey) through a wasteland taken over by infected zombies. The season finale is titled Look for the Light and will run for 43 minutes. The episode will see Joel and Ellie finally reach their destination in Salt Lake City, where they'll finally find the Fireflies and be confronted with an impossible choice. Once the compelling sci-fi drama has wrapped up its first season, fans won’t need to wait long before Pascal is back on screens in another episode of the popular Star Wars spin-off The Mandalorian. The Last of Us is available to stream on HBO Max in the USA and NOW and Sky Go in the UK.