March is the busiest month of the year for MOTs, but one in six motorists whose MOT is expiring in March say they will not be able to afford to renew it. Most worryingly, seven in 10 say they will continue to drive their vehicle regardless – potentially leading to an extra 406,000 potentially dangerous vehicles on UK roads. The cost of living crisis has battered most households across the UK, impacting finances and forcing many people to prioritise other necessities. Around 17 percent of drivers whose MOT is due during the month say they already know they won’t be able to afford it. Current MOT failure rates are at 28.5 percent, meaning there are likely to be an additional 115,000 unsafe vehicles on roads in March. The figures – from Halfords – show that, with approximately 3.3 million MOTs due in March, this could lead to around 406,000 additional vehicles without an MOT being driven on UK roads. READ MORE: Huge new number plate changes to be introduced tomorrow This is based on those who plan to avoid their MOT and continue to drive their vehicle. Those who decide to avoid the MOT are breaking the law and risk fines of up to £2,500 and three penalty points on their licence. They are also putting their own safety and that of other road users at risk. Young motorists aged between 18 and 24 are most likely to not be able to afford their next MOT (22 percent) and also most likely to drive their vehicle anyway. DON'T MISSUrgent warning as 'crash for cash' fraud rates spike [SHOCKING]Electric car owners 'more satisfied' than petrol and diesel drivers [INSIGHT]'Use VED to push car buyers' towards electric cars [COMMENT] This means these potentially dangerous cars are going to disproportionately be in the hands of the most inexperienced drivers. Of those who are unable to pay for their MOT when it is due, most plan to pay it when they can afford it – for example when they are paid at the end of the month, but many will skip it entirely. Graham Stapleton, CEO of Halfords, said: “The data shows that March is set to be the worst month we have ever seen when it comes to cars on our roads without an MOT. “MOTs are vital, annual safety checks that take place on vehicles that are three years old or more. READ MORE: Elderly motorists offered course to brush up on driving laws “It’s not about ticking boxes – MOTs check things such as if there is enough tread on tyres, or if brakes are working correctly.” The cost of living crisis is squarely to blame for the increased number of potentially unroadworthy vehicles we will see on UK roads in March. Amongst those who say they will not be able to afford their next MOT, two-thirds say they simply don’t have enough money and will have to prioritise their spending elsewhere. Nearly a quarter of those who plan to avoid their MOT highlighted that they have previously gotten away without having one. Nearly half of those who plan to continue to drive their vehicle without an MOT say it is so they can get to their job - which is not paying them enough to afford a test. Meanwhile a third say they need their vehicle in order to actually do their job – for example to make deliveries. Mr Stapleton added: “Official data shows that 28.5 percent of vehicles fail their MOT. "This means that around three in 10 of the vehicles owned by people planning to skip their MOT are likely to be unroadworthy - possibly more as those who avoid an MOT could be more likely to take less care of their vehicle in general and replace things such as tyres in good time. “The fact that so many could be driving their kids to school in vehicles without an MOT is a genuine worry. “The bottom line is that it is not worth the risk – not just of a fine and points, but of endangering yourself or others.”