With production for season two well underway, Adam Basil has set his hopes on possibly appearing in House of the Dragon. In an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk the actor and stuntman believed it could be a possibility leading on from his season five appearance in Game of Thrones.  House of the Dragon took millions by storm and smashed HBO’s rating records after it premiered in 2022. The show transported viewers back to the familiar setting of King's Landing and Dragonstone, where Daenerys Targaryen (played by Emilia Clarke) first enthralled fans in 2011. Viewers were first introduced to Adam Basil in season five of the fantasy drama series when Daenerys travelled to Meereen During the episode, The Dance of Dragons, Adam made an unforgettable appearance as a Gladiator. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges   His character exceeded expectations and blew Daenerys away with his ability to defeat his opponent. Adam went on to appear in Hardhome as well as several other episodes throughout the series. He starred in season six’s Battle of the B******s, season seven’s Beyond the Wall and The Dragon and the Wolf, as well as the season eight episode The Bells. During an interview with Express.co.uk, Adam lifted the lid on potentially having a role in the upcoming season of House of the Dragon.  Speaking on if he’d get the call, Adam admitted: “I don't know. I'm not really sure. I hope so because I believe they’re going to probably start shooting this season two. “So I'd love to, I'd love to go back because it's the same people, it's the same crew.” He added: “That's really the success behind it, they've got the same stunt people and as far as I know the same production team.” During the interview, Adam also reflected on his time on set and confessed it was the worst for spoilers. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's identity after Kim betrayal [REACTION]Game of Thrones star Maisie Williams announces separation [INSIGHT]House of the Dragon’s Ser Qarl ‘alive’ as season 2 return teased [INSIGHT]  As well as being a star in the series, Adam was also a major fan of Game of Thrones. As an avid streamer, he revealed working on the show and seeing the leaks was the worst part of the production. The actor shared: “The worst part of it is the spoilers. “When I did Dance of the Dragon, Peter Dinklage was with the Queen and all the others, I was like, ‘What the hell happened.’”  Adam explained: “In season seven where they showed the dragons, they showed it to us in what they call a preview, so its them showing a digital active computer image of what the scene is going to be. “There I saw someone throw a spear and kill a dragon, I was like, 'What, they kill a dragon?’ And it’s like that all the time, you get to see it before it came out. “They still guard it, you won’t get to see the whole script, you’ll just see the scene you’re in.”  Game of Thrones seasons 1-8 are available to stream on HBO in the USA and on NOW in the UK. 