Prince Harry needs to be set straight following his drug use admission, a royal expert has claimed. The 38-year-old has spoken openly about trying illicit substances since the release of his tell-all memoir Spare in January. However, it would appear the admission has landed him in hot water with some campaigners and royal commentators. Appearing on Sky News Australia, Kinsey Schofield warned the Sussexes need to be careful given they have garnered support from younger people. She said: "Harry and Meghan, their core audience is a younger audience because anybody who has any common sense whatsoever, they get that these two are, you know, using victimhood as currency. "But the younger demo[graphic] they still have their blinders on. "So we've got Harry basically promoting drug-use from marijuana to cocaine to psychedelics. This is dangerous territory." Ms Schofield added: "Who in their right mind is counselling these two? "They need to pull them aside and set them straight about what they're saying and the importance of their words." During a recent interview with a trauma expert, the father-of-two talked about his use of cocaine, marijuana and alcohol. READ MORE: Inside Osama Bin Laden's $7.5M family mansion in Florida He also claimed taking hallucinogenic drug ayahuasca "changed me", describing its effect as like "cleaning the windscreen". Edzard Ernst, a former professor of complementary medicine at Exeter University, said: "Ayahuasca is an under-researched botanical hallucinogenic drug that has shown some promise in the treatment of depression, anxiety and substance abuse. "Even though it is often considered to be relatively safe, adverse effects have been reported, some of which are serious. "I would certainly not recommend it to anyone for therapeutic or recreational use." DON'T MISS Prince Harry trying to brand Meghan Markle as 'Mother Theresa' [LATEST] Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf'  [INSIGHT] Prince Harry interview 'doesn't explain why he is so destructive' [EXCLUSIVE] Following the release of Prince Harry's controversial memoir, the Sussexes were evicted from Frogmore Cottage. The couple's spokesman confirmed the request last week, saying: “We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” Express.co.uk has approached the Duke of Sussex for comment. 