One TikTok star has thanked Gordon Ramsay for an easy bacon recipe that she says “changed her life.” The celebrity chef came up with a “classic American” method for cooking bacon that will bring out the “smoky and sweet flavours” of the classic breakfast treat.    A TikToker called @thesquatbox has said “Gordon Ramsay changed my life when it comes to cooking bacon” due to this simple cooking tip. In a TikTik video, social media showed the simple method for making delicious making. They said the trick is to add one tablespoon of brown sugar alongside “a bit of oil and heat” as it will make the bacon “cook to perfection.” People were amazed by the video, and one comment on the TikTok video said: “Girl that looks so good, I have to try it.” while somebody else said: “Next time I cook bacon I am trying this…yummy!” READ MORE: Genius fried egg technique to flip them and never break the yolk  One other person said: “Gordon Ramsey, the king of delicious” as the simple trick was first taught by Gordon Ramsay on YouTube. In a video in which the chef explained his guide to making good bacon, he said he was going to give his bacon a “classic American twist.” In the video, Gordon Ramsay explains that his trick is “so easy”. While a pan is on, he simply heats olive oil, brown sugar, salt, pepper and butter in a pan before adding the bacon. After the bacon begins to sizzle in the pan, Gordon Ramsay explains why this method helps create tastier bacon. He said: “As it cooks, it becomes irresistibly caramelised and golden brown.” DON'T MISS:Air fryer technique will 'genuinely change your life'  [INSIGHT]Chef’s technique to make the ‘perfect’ grilled cheese sandwich [REPORT]Grandmother’s tip for cooking the perfect poached egg without a timer [REVEAL]    He then placed the glazed bacon onto a plate and said it looked “beautiful.” Also in the video, Gordon Ramsay explained how he came up with the idea for the cooking trick. He said: “One thing I could never get my head around when I first started eating lots of American breakfasts was the sweetness of the bacon. I’ve grown to love that combined of smoky and sweet flavours.” Gordon Ramsay’s candied bacon has taken the internet by storm, and some people have even tweaked the original trick. One social media chef named Sonny as part of the TikTok account @thatdudecancook did not make his candied bacon in a pan but instead showed in a video that you can caramelise the bacon in an oven. He first covered the bacon with maple syrup and also added chipotle powder plus chilli powder alongside some brown sugar before placing the bacon in an oven. He then cooked the bacon at 325 Fahrenheit (162 Celcius) for 30 minutes, and then he took it out of the oven and allowed it to cool to room temperature before serving In the video, Sonny said: “I stand by the claim that candied bacon is one of the greatest party snacks you can possibly make. It’s addictive stuff.”