The second instalment of the six-part drama series sees the return of Billie (Sarah Shahi), Brad (Adam Demos), Cooper (Mike Vogel) and (Sasha Margaret Odette), along with a brand new set of cast members including Billie's new lover Majid (Darius Homayoun). But fans have branded the show “boring” after claiming they haven't seen enough of original cast member Brad.  Season two of Sex/Life has been loved by fans so far as they follow Sasha’s new love interest and Cooper’s complicated storyline. Although they do have one big complaint about the series, and it's all to do with Adam Demos’ character Brad. Following the second season premiere earlier this month, fans seemingly have been missing Brad, who they claim has not featured in the new series enough. Viewers have since taken to social media to share their thoughts.  One frustrated fan @yungbeefcake wrote: “Why was brad only in like 10 minutes of this season of sex life it’s boring without him he’s too sexy." @sxrandipity commented: “Just finished bingeing season 2 of Sex/Life on Netflix and the ending has me so emotional omgI need a Brad!” Whilst @bananaspop1 added: “Why did Brad have like no screen time in season 2 of sex life???????????” @sushi_sar explained: “Thoughts on sex/life season 2: not enough Brad, not as spicy as season , not enough episodes, i need more."  Many fans took it one step further by venting their anger on Demos' personal Instagram, saying they were missing him from the series. With @nicia_unlovelier saying: “Season two entirely felt like filler episodes. Watching six hours to only see Adam for like 10 minutes... Disappointed tbh” Viewers weren't wrong when they noticed Brad had a significantly smaller role in the new series. Season one focused mainly on Brad’s storyline, meaning he had the excuse to show up in every episode. However, during the second run of Sex/Life, his appearances were definitely less frequent to fans’ disappointment.  Fans of the show will be pleased to know that Demos had heard their complaints, as he admitted to the Hollywood Reporter that it's nice to "be missed, if people do miss Brad.” However, he explained that he understood why his character took a backseat in this season, as he had to make way for Billie's developing relationship with Majid. He said: "Maybe, in order to allow the Billie and Majid storyline for you to buy into it, maybe Brad can’t always be there as much. "But I did understand that in order for these storylines to work, you have to allow them to take their own form and have a life of their own." He continued: "When you’re reading the scripts and knowing that you come full circle and they end up together, it wasn’t too bad to go through."  During the handful of times fans did get a glimpse of Brad, they saw Billie turn up on his doorstep, as he reveals he is in a new relationship with a model called Gigi. That wasn't all he revealed as he announced that he and his new girlfriend are expecting a baby together. This meant that much of Brad’s storyline in season two is about his relationship with Gigi whilst also trying to get Billie out of his mind. Sex/Life seasons one and two are currently streaming on Netflix.