Prince William's nickname for Kate, Princess of Wales is a "gentle dig" calling back to the late Queen, according to a royal biographer. Tom Quinn, in his new book Gilded Youth: An Intimate History of Growing Up in the Royal Family, dives into the Prince and Princess's relationship behind closed doors. One former member of staff, who knew Prince William, claimed that the Princess of Wales calls her husband "babe" while he sometimes calls her the "Duchess of Dolittle", among other pet names, the royal author claimed. The latter -also DoD for short - is said to be a "gentle dig" pointing to criticism by the late Queen Elizabeth II that Princess Kate did not have a full time career before the couple married in 2011, according to Fox News Digital. However, the Princess has jokes of her own. Due to William's fussing over her "endless mane of hair", Kate sometimes calls her husband "baldy", according to reporting by The Sun. William also reportedly refers to his wife as "babykins". The Prince of Wales also admitted in a 2007 interview with NBC that his mother, Princess Diana, called him "Wombat", a moniker which stuck with him into his adult life.  Like any couple, Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales have challenges, including rows, according to Quinn. He told Fox News Digital: "Someone at the palace told me about the nicknames they have for each other." "But it’s not all sweetness. They have terrible rows where they throw things at each other. Kate might seem to be a very calm person, and William also. But it’s not always true. Because the big stress for William and Kate is that they’re constantly surrounded by [palace aides]. It’s like a Jane Austen novel," the author claimed. However, as quick as they might row the couple are said to "cozy up" with Kate having a "Buddhist calm" while William is "a bit hot-headed".  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry may have new 'Sussex tradition' after christening "Of course, privately, William and Kate, like all couples, fall out, row, shout at each other and say unkind things to each other, but Kate is an appeaser by instinct and William always gives way as he had more than enough emotional turmoil, divorce and disruption as a child," Quinn writes in his new book. He claimed that Kate's demeanour helped her navigate the rigor of life in the royal family, including dealing with the press. Quinn said that despite bad press coverage, "Kate never responded, she didn’t complain". "Kate and Meghan [Markle] got the same nasty press coverage," he added.  Don't miss... Prince Harry 'takes all the flack' while his wife 'stands back'  [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle updates Archewell website to detail how she marked IWD [INSIGHT] 'I didn’t realise what we'd done to our son was bad until cops showed' [REPORT] The royal author continued: "But in Meghan’s case, she complained that it was unfair, it was unkind, it was horrible. That only keeps the story alive for weeks. In Kate’s case, she ignored it. She’s very wise for it. And I think when she gets into any rows with William, she does the same - she just ignores it." The Prince and Princess of Wales have three children: Prince George, 9, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4 and have "agreed" on how to raise them, according to Quinn. The couple have "broken the mould" of having paid staff raise the royal children want their kids to have a "normal childhood", according to the biographer. The family has left their apartments in Kensington Palace and now live at Windsor which is closer to Eton where the children will likely attend school. 