Throughout his career, David Attenborough has shown viewers the wonders of the world and how much impact the human race has on the existence of animals. His latest series had the 96-year-old hoping it would give him a chance to interact with fledgling seabirds but his plans were halted over fears of him catching bird flu. To kick off the first-ever wildlife and plants series in the British Isles, David was set to be filmed as Manx shearwater chicks left their underground burrows on Skomer Island to begin a 6,000-mile migration. Planning ahead of the event, the producers were hoping the chicks would climb up the nature lover's arm and take off from his head. However executive producer Alastair Fothergill decided to pull the idea two weeks before filming as reports emerged that avian flu was swarming the neighbouring Grassholm Island. Touching on making the decision to scrap the idea, Alastair explained: "We didn’t know to be honest whether we were going to get it," explaining how "nervous" they were. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Adding the gulls in the affected area would fly to Skomer, he said: "I thought I’d have to cancel it all." Alastair phoned a friend who works as a government adviser on infectious diseases and said: "I said to him, 'What should we do?' "And he said, “If David gets it, he will die. But it’s actually very, very hard to get bird flu,”’ he recalled. It was ultimately decided the filming of the historic moment would be filmed but with David keeping a safe distance away from the bird who sat on a rock in front of him. "Everybody was happy. His daughter was happy, he was happy and there wasn’t any risk, but it was a bit unnerving at the time." Series producer Hilary Jeffkins spoke about the moment on Radio 4's Today programme and said: "Nervous times. "There was bird flu about but we checked with the wardens and all was well so we didn't take too many risks. "David was not touching any birds. When the bids fledge from their burrows they need to get a bit of height. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [LATEST] GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [WATCH] Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [INSIGHT] "So we were told that they would climb up onto rocks as you will see and we were also told if someone was sitting near them they may climb up onto them to get that height. "So there was a chance that they would climb onto David... but we were cautious." The moment which will be aired on the latest series will show two infrared cameras being used, one facing David and the other focused on a boulder. Sir David also filmed puffins on the island and said of the moments: "‘I’ve been lucky enough to travel to almost every part the globe and gaze upon some of its most beautiful and dramatic sights. "But I can assure you that nature in these islands if you know where to look, can be just as dramatic and spectacular as anything I’ve seen elsewhere." Despite being 96 years old, Alastair admitted because he rarely travels anymore, David was "really up for it" when the project idea first came up. He said: "David just hasn’t changed. He has a boyish enthusiasm for nature, which all of us who make these films, who are privileged enough to do it, have as well. "It was an amazing night actually." Wild Isles begins on Sunday, March 12 at 7pm on BBC One.