As James Haskell and Mike Tindall chatted about the upcoming Six Nations final round, the conversation turned to their upcoming plans and how busy their schedules were. James joked to The One Show hosts that his wife, Chloe Madeley will "divorce" him because he is away from home a lot. Alex kicked off the chat by asking about the pair's podcast. She said: "But the Good, the Bad and the Rugby podcast, you're taking it on tour later in the year. "Are you going to change it up? Will there be any interaction with the audience?" Mike replied: "That's a very good question. "I think there will be... it is definitely going to change from last year. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified "That basically sums up the show really, it's a bit of carnage. But yeah, it's gonna change from last year. "I think we've got a whole Rugby World Cup to go first and we will probably be out in France for a lot of it. "If Japan was anything as a starting point to sort of building stories from that, then I'm sure it will kick oFF in France this year." Mike went on to admit they will be doing a lot of live shows while they are away. James chipped in: "I'm slightly concerned by the time we come to that tour I may or may not be divorced by then. "I'm not allowed to say the name because a very panicked researcher said, 'Remember it's the BBC, do not mention it'. But you can look it up. "I've got that, then I'm DJ-ing in Ibiza for 15 dates, then we got the World Cup and we got a 17-date tour with Good, Bad, Rugby." "So my wife..." he continued as Alex chipped in: "So you're single." Don't miss... Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity as 'relative' returns [LATEST] Emmerdale history to repeat itself as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [INSIGHT] Bradley Walsh bends over in laughter as The Chase player makes error [VIDEO] "I'm single, I'm done," James joked. Mike went on to say: "It's alright though he doesn't have a young child at home." James added: "She hates me already, so we should be alright." As he looked into the camera, the former rugby star said: "Love you, babe." James' wife Chloe is the wife of Good Morning Britain presenter, Richard Madeley. The couple welcomed their first child in August last year. Confirming the joyful news at the time, Chloe said: "We are delighted to welcome to the world our daughter. We are utterly besotted and beaming with pride." The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.