Manchester United hero Peter Schmeichel hit back at Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher on Tuesday night after being taunted over the Red Devils’ 7-0 thrashing at the hands of the Merseysiders. United were dismal at Anfield on Sunday afternoon as Liverpool racked up goal after goal on their way to their 12th Premier League win of the campaign. Carragher was in the CBS Sports studio on Tuesday to analyse the second leg of Chelsea’s last 16 Champions League showdown with Borussia Dortmund. And he couldn’t resist getting the digs in by repeating the number “seven” as he spoke to Schmeichel, who was at Stamford Bridge. “Peter I just want to ask you, we’re getting to that stage now with the Champions League where we’re getting into March - the seventh of March. For me it feels really important. Into March on the seventh, how important does it feel being at the Bridge?” Schmeichel was having none of it as he replied: “I’m sure that was a great question but Jamie we can’t hear you. We can see that you’re talking, we just can’t hear you.” Read more... Man Utd's Wout Weghorst explains Anfield sign touch and makes excuse [LATEST] Carragher then discussed Jude Bellingham’s future as he speculated about a move away from Dortmund. “What type of price tag are we talking?” he asked. “You’d think it would have to start at least with a seven and start from there.” The ex-right-back went on to use AC Milan’s Champions League clash with Tottenham on Wednesday to taunt Schmeichel as he added: “AC Milan, how big a problem will that be if they go out the Champions League? We are talking about the seven time winners.”  Don't miss... Liverpool squad receive reward from Jurgen Klopp after Man Utd triumph [LATEST] Man Utd 'hold talks' about beating Liverpool to £60m ace Mac Allister [LATEST] Man Utd questioned over Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba decision [LATEST] Carragher then sipped from a can of 7up as Schmeichel hit back: “Are we seven points ahead of you [in the Premier League table]. Well done Jamie, I gave you that one night. It wasn’t great for me, I have to say that. No it wasn’t great. I’ve been trying to make sense of this since. “I still have absolutely no idea how that can happen because it shouldn’t happen. I think [Erik] ten Hag has said it was embarrassing, it was unprofessional and it can never happen again. So I hope he’s right. I hope he gets things right.” As the exchange was coming to an end, Carragher couldn’t resist one final jibe as he quipped: “Peter, you’ve just called him Ten Hag. It’s actually Seven Hag.” But Schmeichel was unimpressed as he shrugged his shoulders and shook his head, while Carragher howled at his own joke. 