Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, have reportedly been offered a place to stay at Buckingham Palace so that they can attend King Charles III's Coronation. This is because the Duke and Duchess of Sussex can no longer stay at their UK base Frogmore Cottage, which they have been ordered to "vacate". This was reported by the Mail on Sunday to be an "olive branch" by the King towards his son and daughter-in-law so they can attend the celebrations in May. Buckingham Palace is a massive property, once lived in by Her Late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. However, Harry and Meghan have only been offered a flat at the historic property to stay in during the Coronation weekend. There are 775 rooms total in Buckingham Palace, including 19 staterooms, 78 bathrooms, 92 offices, 52 royal and guest bedrooms, and 188 staff bedrooms. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is ‘extremely comfortable’ without Prince Harry - claims Following the news that Harry and Meghan could stay at Buckingham Palace in May, Express.co.uk has searched through the archives to uncover the interior of King Charles's magnificent residence. This room, which is almost totally red in decor, is by far the most spectacular. An elaborate golden archway and a canopy of crystal chandeliers can be found in the Throne Room. According to the RCT website, the room's design by architect John Nash was purportedly influenced by theatres.  At the far end of the room, two thrones are perched on three stairs. The 1953 coronation of the late Queen took place on the thrones. On the wall is a full-length photograph of Queen Elizabeth II commemorating her coronation's 60th anniversary. Her corgis Willow, Vulcan, Candy, and Holly are depicted in the portrait. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's diet is 'different' from his wife Zara's - claims The late Queen used to record her yearly Christmas Day greeting in the White Drawing Room. The chamber, one of many royal rooms in the palace, has also been used for entertaining guests by the late Queen and other Royal Family members. Famous works by Van Dyck and Canaletto may be found in the staterooms, together with some of the most extraordinary and priceless English and French furniture ever created. On the website of the Royal Collection Trust, the White Drawing Room is referred to as the "grandest" of all the staterooms. The room is white, as the name would imply, but it's not a typical living room. Gold carvings and gilding have been used to artistically embellish white walls. The gold chairs and sofas blend well with the magnificent finish of the walls. Over the fireplace, there is a portrait of Queen Alexandra from the early 20th century. She is depicted in the painting donning a little diamond crown designed just for Queen Victoria.