Jack Keating, 23, entered Casa Amor in July last year and has just welcomed his first daughter, surprising fans and sparking speculation on when his newborn was conceived. The eldest child of Ronan Keating has now broken his silence on the shock announcement as he revealed he will be co-parenting his daughter with his ex, after her identity was revealed via comments on Instagram. Jack shocked fans yesterday when he shared a black-and-white picture of himself cradling a newborn baby in his arms, announcing the birth. The Love Island star told The Sun: "My daughter's mother and I are not together, however, we look forward to co-parenting and giving our little girl the best support system that she needs. "This is an exciting new chapter for me and my family and I am completely besotted already. "I am so grateful for the opportunity to be a father and give my daughter the most amazing life." READ MORE: Bruce Willis’ wife admits relationship with ex Demi Moore is ‘odd’ This comes as MailOnline revealed the identity of the mother as artist Keely Iqbal. Keely and Jack are not together, with Jack insisting earlier this month that he was "still single and ready to mingle". Fans have gathered that Jack and Keely's daughter was conceived before he found fame on Love Island, due to the fact he entered the villa eight months ago. Jack's parents Ronan and his ex-wife Yvonne Connolly were quick to publicly congratulate him after he shocked fans with the surprise baby announcement. It is the first grandchild for father-of-five Ronan, 46, who called his granddaughter a "little cutie". The Irish singer shares his eldest child Jack with his ex-wife, Yvonne, who's also a mum to Missy, 22, and Ali, 17, from the couple's 12-year marriage. Jack's mother commented: "I miss her so much already." His Love Island co-star Paige Thorne was quick to add: "Congratulations Hunny!!" DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue [INSIGHT] Courteney Cox's eyebrows are falling out after 'overmedicated' issue [HOLLYWOOD] Cher and new toyboy share a kiss in PDA-filled red carpet debut [PICS] Ronan's second wife Storm replied to the post with a series of love heart emojis. The Magic Radio Breakfast host has been with Australian fashion designer Storm, 40, since 2010 and the pair have children Cooper, five, and Coco, two, together. Prior to entering the Love Island villa eight months ago, Jack said: "I've been single for a long time, probably 4 or 5 years now and I've really been missing that spark that I haven't been getting on the dating scene like I've been dating for a long time. "And I just thought why not? Hopefully, I'll get a connection with somebody and see what happens." This led to speculation online as to when the social media influencer had conceived the child, questioning his motives for entering the Love Island villa. Aoifedevirgo said on Twitter: "Me trying to work out the logistics of Jack Keating being a dad now when he was supposed to have been single last summer on Love Island." Chelsmnt_ added: "omg how did Jack Keating become a dad when he was in Love Island only 9 months ago? HUHH have I missed something #loveisland." (sic) BaumFlower commented: "Jack Keating has become a dad 8 months after failing to find love on #LoveIsland…?"