Arsenal extended their lead at the top of the Premier League table to five points following their 4-0 win over Everton on Wednesday night. Mikel Arteta’s side now no longer have a game in hand over title rivals Manchester City, though they are firmly in control of proceedings. The Gunners took the lead in the 41st minute through in-form Bukayo Saka, with the winger firing a fierce strike past international teammate Jordan Pickford after receiving the ball on the edge of the box. Arsenal then doubled their lead on the stroke of half-time through Gabriel Martinelli, with the forward slotting a tidy finish past Jordan Pickford after Idrissa Gueye was caught napping in possession on the edge of his own box. Captain Martin Odegaard then put the game to bed in the 71st minute before Martinelli grabbed his second with a simple tap-in. Although Arsenal were favourites on the night, there were several talking points to emerge from their routine victory. Express Sport takes a look at five things learned at the Emirates Stadium…  Leandro Trossard a permanent fixture January signing Trossard looks set to be a permanent fixture in Arteta’s team until Gabriel Jesus returns from injury. The Belgium international has provided a completely different option down the left and allowed the team to be more flexible in the final third, with Martinelli instinctively drifting out wide despite being deployed as a No 9. Having a free-flowing frontline, with Trossard also capable of playing as a striker, has made the Gunners unpredictable when they come forward and drag opposition defenders all over the pitch.  Martinelli undroppable Martinelli will be the first to admit that he has not been at his best over the past few matches, though his cutting edge in the final third has made him somewhat irreplaceable. The Brazil international has made a great start to life as a No 9, with his willingness to run in behind and play on the shoulder giving Arsenal an alternative outlet. The 21-year-old has not looked as electric as he did before the Qatar World Cup, but Martinelli has quickly developed the ability to still leave his mark on a match when he is not catching the eye. If he can continue to link-up so effectively with Trossard, it is hard to see either of the pair being dropped any time soon. Thomas Partey nearing full fitness Midfielder Thomas Partey made his return from injury against Leicester City over the weekend, playing six minutes, and he appears to be close to full fitness. The Ghana international came on at half-time to replace Jorginho, and he slotted straight back into the centre of the park seamlessly. Partey has played an integral role in Arsenal’s success so far this season and the defensive security that he provides cannot be understated. Title-winning character Everton were comfortably the better side for the opening 40 minutes of the match, though Arsenal had no difficulty in weathering the storm – the true sign of a title-winning side. Neal Maupay had several half-chances to put Sean Dyche’s side in front, though even those openings were hindered by the ever-reliable centre-back partnership of Gabriel and William Saliba. The character that Arteta’s side are showing on a regular basis is enough to strike fear into City's hearts, especially as the players know that they have enough match-winners in their ranks to get the job done when they aren’t at their very best. Emile Smith Rowe returns Emile Smith Rowe was a stalwart in Arteta’s side previously, and he now looks like he will have a role to play in the second half of Arsenal’s season. The playmaker has struggled with injuries of late but a further eight minutes under his belt will have aided his return to full fitness massively. Smith Rowe can play on either flank and as a midfielder, and he will be pivotal in the Europa League when the Gunners rotate their frontline. 