The Saturdays singer Una Healy has finally broken her silence on her relationship status after reports she was in a throuple with boxing star David Haye and Sian Osborne. Rumours regarding the trio’s three-way relationship spiralled earlier this year. This comes after Healy, Haye and his girlfriend Osborne were pictured arm-in-arm in Morocco earlier this year. The former world champion later sent well wishes to both Healy and Osborne after posting a picture of the three together on Valentine’s Day. Along with the photo, he wrote on Instagram: “Happy Valentine’s Day to the beautiful Queens in my life, making my world a better place to live in!” Haye and Osborne had been dating since 2020, and drafted Healy into the relationship, before she recently ended it, according to the Daily Mail. Now though, The Saturdays member has finally put the rumours to rest, claiming she is single in an interview with The Irish Mirror. Healy said: “I am single and raising my two children.  “Just like many other single parents – both men and women – doing a great job. I am a single parent, I don't like the term single mother as it has negative connotations. "You can't do it all by yourself, there is no shame in asking for help, be that from childcare, family or friends." Detailing why the Irish star called time on the relationship, a source told OK!: "She just didn't think it was worth it in the end.  Don't miss... Haye 'reunites' with throuple as Healy shares snaps from getaway [LATEST] Haye drops new Healy and Osborne 'throuple' hint with post [LATEST] Joshua told 'there's something wrong' if he doesn't blast out Franklin [LATEST] “It went from something fun into a big media frenzy and everyone seemed to be talking about it.” Revealing Healy is looking to focus on her family life, another source told The Sun: 'Una is taking time out from the situation because it is a bit of a head spin. “Her kids are always her number one priority. There are complicated feelings at play, with [David and Sian] being away together without her. So Un is just focusing on herself and her family.” 