Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has told his players he’ll keep up the hairdryer treatment if they allow their standards to slip. The Red Devils go into Sunday’s match against Liverpool on a high having won their last four matches across all competitions. And the Dutchman is also adamant his side won’t be fazed by a hostile Anfield atmosphere, instead warning Jurgen Klopp’s team they’re ready to rise to the challenge. Manchester United have been in resurgent form and, last weekend, ended a six-year wait for a trophy with victory over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final. And Ten Hag, speaking ahead of Sunday’s match against Liverpool, has insisted he’s ready to dish out the hairdryer treatment if he feels his players are letting their standards slip. "What I saw was that we were not playing to our standards,” he said, referring to the 3-1 win over West Ham on Wednesday night. "That's what I saw in the first half. Then I will be tough on my team, to my players, because I demand a performance. "Every day I demand a performance. I don't accept when it's lower, then I will criticise them and tell them what to expect. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players "Then I have to give the team solutions on how to win the game - and I think the performance in the second half was much better." Ten Hag also feels United must beat Liverpool away from home to show they’re ready to compete for the title. The Red Devils are yet to beat a top four rival on the road since the appointment of the Dutchman back in the summer. And the 53-year-old added: "I think, away from home, we've had some really good performances. "For me it's no different - the pitch is the same size everywhere, there are three referees, there's a fourth official, the ball is round, there's air in the ball. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes "So we have to play and to make it our game and that (winning away at a top-four rival) is the next step we have to make then." The United boss feels his side are transformed from the beginning of the season - and insists he only looks forward, instead of backwards. "That was a few months back, now we are in a different process,” he said. "It's a different period, so I don't look back, I look forward. I look forward to Sunday and I'm really going to enjoy this (trip to Anfield). Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "I think our team, our mentality in general, is very good. I think we also have many leaders who set the mentality, who set the standards, who control the standards and who correct if necessary." Ten Hag has warned Liverpool, too, that United will relish playing in their stadium due to their current confidence. "I'm looking forward to it, the ambience, the atmosphere,” he said. "It will be great and it will be hostile against us - but we like that. "Of course it's a test, but we're facing Liverpool, we're really looking forward to it and I know these players, my squad, my team, will be prepared to go there and fight and to go with confidence. "We know it's going to be difficult, we know we will have to suffer and we will have to sacrifice to get a good result. "We have to play and to make it our game. Of course, we know the ambience will not be supporting us and you have to deal with that. "But, as I said, our players, they like it. They like to play in such atmospheres."