Shocking footage shows the moment hundreds of migrants rushed a US road bridge from Mexico, leading to increased security on both sides. The group reportedly surged forward after a rumour circulated about the border being opened to give them fast-tracked asylum in the US. In the clip, migrants ask others to follow as they head for the Paso Del Norte Bridge from Juarez, Mexico to El Paso, Texas. Some clamoured to be let in through gates at the border crossing, with others spotted standing on vehicles. Another clip from a different angle shows a sign above the bridge that read ‘Feliz Viaje’, or happy travels, as police with shields block their path. Mexican soldiers with machine guns are also present with security ramped up on both sides. Mexican outlet Norte Digital reported that the crowd broke onto the Paso Del Norte over a rumour that people would be granted asylum. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agents confirmed they had to implement “port hardening measures” on Sunday because of “a potential threat to make a mass entry”. Cameras on the bridge showed an intense build up at the border, with several CBP agents lined behind a barricade and razor wire. Most of the crowd had returned to Mexico by 5.30pm, four hours after the initial rush, with Paso Del Norte finally reopened to traffic an hour later. READ MORE: Fears of global 'domino effect' after SVB collapse A spokesperson for CBP, Roger Maier, said the group of migrants posed a “potential threat to make a mass entry”. A woman told the Texas Tribune she and her partner have been trying to secure permission to come to the US, but claim they have been unable to set an appointment using the government’s mobile app despite daily attempts. “On Facebook, we saw an image that said they were going to open [the bridge] today because it was Migrants’ Day, something like that,” she said. “We just want an answer, so we came to see if it was true.” Don't miss... Bizarre moment driver catches huge carp on flooded street [VIDEO] Sunak says China is 'biggest threat’ in new interview [LATEST] Doctors on Prince Harry ADHD diagnosis: 'Rejection is magnified' [ROYAL] Family 'desperate' as two sisters and friend go missing in Mexico [UPDATE] The number of migrants seeking to enter the US at the southern border is ever-growing. In November 2022 alone, 206,239 encounters were reported, according to the US Customs and Border Protection (CBP). Joe Biden has been skewered by Republicans over his handling of the US/Mexico border, with his opponents recently targeting a bill allowing tens of thousands of migrants to live and work while their asylum claims are processed. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas said the program will allow up to 30,000 people from Cuba, Nicaragua, Venezuela and Haiti to be paroled into the country under current immigration laws as they seek relief. But Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, told Fox News the Biden policy will only grow unauthorized immigration, which has soared to near-record levels since the president took office in 2021. “He seems like he wants to go it alone, but so far it’s not working,” Cornyn said. “Part of the president’s policies are attracting more illegal immigration.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews