Gary Lineker reportedly “wept” after learning that Match of the Day pundits were prepared to boycott Saturday’s show over the presenter’s row with the BBC. Lineker was stood down from anchoring the Premier League highlights show after refusing to back down from a tweet strongly condemning the government’s language concerning refugees. Lineker likened language used by government ministers to Nazi Germany. The 62-year-old initially hoped to host Match of the Day as normal but was stood down on Friday evening. The BBC announced that Lineker had been removed from Saturday’s show until a position on his social media use had been agreed. It is understood that the former England striker is unwilling to back down on his view. Lineker’s effective axing from Saturday’s show has prompted an exodus of pundits and commentators. Ian Wright was first to reveal that he would boycott, with fellow regular Alan Shearer adding that he would take the same stance. Don't miss... Premier League stars told Match of the Day interviews ditched [MOTD LATEST] According to the Sun, Lineker “wept” and was “overwhelmed” by the reaction. A source told the newspaper that he was unaware that his studio guests were prepared to back him with such a strong show of support. They are quoted as saying: “This has been a tumultuous 24 hours. Gary is in shock and had no idea this was coming. He wanted to go on air, make no bones about it, this was not his decision. Privately, everyone at the Beeb is in meltdown too. They genuinely don’t know how they will get a show out because no one wants to touch it. “Everyone in the industry is appalled at how Gary has been hung out to dry, and the general BBC inconsistency. The support has been overwhelming which, essentially, is a massive pie in the face for the BBC.” Jermaine Jenas and Alex Scott, two BBC hosts who were predicted to step in for Lineker, both said that would not take part in Saturday’s programme. The BBC has been left scrambling to put together a show after announcing that it will take place without studio presentation or punditry - and now post-game interviews after Premier League players and managers were told they would not receive requests from MOTD today. Don't miss... Jermaine Jenas rules out replacing Lineker after his MOTD axing [QUOTES] Jeremy Clarkson speaks out on Gary Lineker after Meghan backlash [REACTION] BBC's Tim Davie says he's had 'very constructive' talks with Lineker [LATEST] A statement read: "Some of our pundits have said that they don't wish to appear on the programme while we seek to resolve the situation with Gary. We understand their position and we have decided that the programme will focus on match action without studio presentation or punditry." Shortly after, Match of the Day commentators Steve Wilson, Conor McNamara, Robyn Cowen and Steven Wyeth jointly announced that they would not take part in the programme. They said: "We are comforted that football fans who want to watch their teams should still be able to do.” The BBC can use world feed commentary for its highlights. It remains expected that a show will still go ahead.