During her 2022 royal tour of the Caribbean, Kate Middleton wore a dramatic gown that has just become available to purchase again. For her royal tour with Prince William, the Princess of Wales chose a pink lamé gown by The Vampire's Wife. She wore this dress to a reception hosted by the Governor General in celebration of the late Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Online shoppers can now purchase the dress, allowing fans of the Royal Family to wear it. The elegant dress, dubbed "The Light Sleeper Ruffled Wool-blend Lamé Gown," has a ruby pink colour, short sleeves, a refined round neck, and lamé gloss on top. However, Kate's dress is slightly different from the one that is now up for sale. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is ‘extremely comfortable’ without Prince Harry - claims The gown worn by the 41-year-old had a belted waistline, which is not the case for the one that royal fans can buy. A 288 percent increase in ruffle dress searches was noted by the international fashion marketplace Love The Sales just hours after the Princess appeared in her pink lamé gown. The website also reported a 34 percent increase in searches for "The Vampire's Wife" and a 142 percent increase for "Pink Dresses". Royal fans will therefore be delighted that the £2,250 dress is now available to purchase. Don't miss... Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures [WEIGHT LOSS] Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby [DIET] Princess Eugenie will likely 'eat less' in new home in Portugal [FOOD] Its description says: "The Vampire's Wife's glamorous collections are loved by so many incredible women - the Princess of Wales wore this 'The Light Sleeper' gown on the 2022 royal Caribbean tour. "It's cut from 'Ruby' wool-blend lamé that twinkles prettily in the light and has flouncy flutter sleeves. "Borrow styling inspiration from Kate by styling yours with a pair of drop earrings." Kate paired her dress at the time with silver Jimmy Choo "Mimi 100 Sandals". Their description says: "The Mimi sandal in anthracite metallic nappa is the epitome of a minimalist evening style. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's diet is 'different' from his wife Zara's - claims  "The intertwined ankle strap twists twice around the foot to create the illusion of volume and then meets in a delicate metal buckle fastening. Wear to your next dinner party or evening outing." Kate also carried her "Elvia Bo Xe’il Mayan embroidery cutch", which featured black Mayan embroidery and contrasting glitter detailing on the clasp. It was from Belize’s first Maya Fashion Collection, making it a sweet nod to Belize. In terms of jewellery, the Princess wore enormous statement earrings by the South Asian designer O'nitaa, located in London. The £290 pair of earrings have uncut crystal stones. In October 2019, Kate was first seen wearing the jewellery when travelling to Pakistan. With no makeup and her brunette hair pulled back, Kate had a fresh, natural look in Belize this time last year. It's interesting to note that the Princess straightened her hair as opposed to letting it naturally wave or curling it. 