Ed Sheeran has become one of the best-selling artists in the world, having sold more than 150 million albums worldwide. And he's just announced the end of his mathematics series, Subtract. His first record, Plus, hit store shelves in 2011 and wowed music fans with such hits as The A Team, Lego House, Drunk and Give Me Love. He has now announced Subtract will close out the series while revealing he endured personal tragedy in the process. Sheeran revealed Subtract will be hitting store shelves on May 5 this year, two years after dropping his fourth album, Equals, in 2021. He admitted to have been working on Subtract for "a decade", trying to create the "perfect acoustic album". He noted how he had written "hundreds" of songs with a "clear vision" of what he wanted it to be. Sheeran then revealed how his life took a dark turn, forever changing the trajectory of his final mathematics-framed album. "At the start of 2022," Sheeran said. "A series of events changed my life, my mental health, and ultimately the way I viewed music and art. Writing songs is my therapy. It helps me make sense of my feelings. I wrote without thought of what the songs would be, I just wrote whatever tumbled out. And in just over a week, I replaced a decade’s worth of work with my deepest darkest thoughts." Opening up about the tragic events that befell his life, Sheeran explained: "Within the space of a month, my pregnant wife got told she had a tumour, with no route to treatment until after the birth." "My best friend Jamal, a brother to me, died suddenly," he went on, referring to the tragic and sudden death of the 31-year-old SBTV founder Jamal Edwards, who died of a heart attack on February 20, 2022. "And I found myself standing in court defending my integrity and career as a songwriter," Sheeran continued, referencing his court case over plagiarism that he fought and won in April 2022. Opening up about these traumatic experiences, Sheeran added: "I was spiralling through fear, depression and anxiety. I felt like I was drowning, head below the surface, looking up but not being able to break through for air." DON'T MISS...Ed Sheeran's wife had tumour while pregnant as he ‘spiralled in fear'Ed Sheeran's co-writer Ben Kweller heartbroken after son is 'killed'King Charles's Coronation set to 'eclipse' Queen's Platinum Jubilee With this in mind, Sheeran threw himself into his work and produced Subtract, a body of work he has described as "honest and true". Sheeran went on: "As an artist I didn’t feel like I could credibly put a body of work into the world that didn’t accurately represent where I am and how I need to express myself at this point in my life. This album is purely that. It’s opening the trapdoor into my soul. For the first time I’m not trying to craft an album people will like, I’m merely putting something out that’s honest and true to where I am in my adult life." He signed off by saying: "This is last February’s diary entry and my way of making sense of it. This is Subtract." Sheeran's wife, Cherry Seaborn, gave birth to the couple's second child, Jupiter Seaborn Sheeran, in May 2022. A source told The Sun that the name held a special meaning for the couple. They said: "Ed and Cherry loved the name both in terms of what it stands for and its uniqueness. Everyone thinks Jupiter works perfectly for her." The source added: "Behind closed doors Cherry has been gushing over becoming a mum again. She and Ed really are a match made in heaven." Subtract comes out May 5, 2023.