As food prices continue to rise, it is no surprise that Britons want to make the most of their weekly shop. With fruit and vegetable shortages facing supermarkets, it’s never been a better time to make your groceries last as long as possible. A bag of potatoes is not only cheap, but can also last long past its best before date if stored correctly - in the right place and next to the right product. Experts from KJ Refrigeration have shared their top tips on how to correctly store one of Britain’s favourite vegetables. They said: “For best results, you should store potatoes in a cool, dark area such as a pantry or cupboard. “There is no need to store potatoes in the fridge, and you should never store raw potatoes in the freezer, as this will cause them to go mushy.” Households often store vegetables next to each other, but some veggies make others go stale faster than they normally would. Onions, for example, can cause potatoes to rot quicker if stored next to them. The experts at KJ Refrigeration warned: “You should never store potatoes and onions together, especially if you are trying to increase the lifespan of either. “This is because onions emit ethylene gas, which accelerates the ripening process.  Don't miss... Britain's cheapest supermarket unveiled - save more than £20  [LATEST] B&M to close stores across the country from Saturday  [LATEST] Tesco recalls popular condiment due to health fears  [LATEST] “Therefore, if potatoes are stored next to onions, they may become overripe and prematurely spoil.” Potatoes should be kept away from all foods that contain large amounts of ethylene. These include fruits such as apples, bananas and tomatoes. The experts also noted that onions too can become stale if stored next to potatoes. Potatoes include a large amount of moisture, which can cause onions “to become leaky and liquefied”. It is worth keeping potatoes in dry, well-ventilated areas, according to experts. They said: “You should refrain from storing your potatoes in closed, airtight containers, as they need air to circulate around them and keep moisture levels at bay. “Potatoes naturally contain high amounts of moisture, and exposure to excess moisture can cause them to go bad. “This is why you should never wash potatoes before storing them. Instead, wash them only before you use them.” The experts advised placing some paper towels next to your potatoes to prevent them from retaining excess moisture. Potatoes could also do with being stored in a dark place that is not exposed to high levels of light. “This is because increased exposure to light can cause them to get green spots or even turn green overall,” the experts explained. “Additionally, this can also alter the taste of your potatoes, causing them to become bitter.”