Archie's christening was also the last official royal engagement the Prince and Princess of Wales, Kate and William, shared with the little one before Meghan and Harry stepped back as senior royals. Interestingly, the couple chose a photo of the special moment to celebrate his third birthday last year. The throwback portrait was posted on William and Kate's social media accounts, sharing a lovely family moment after Archie's christening in 2019. Meghan and Harry can be seen in the centre as the Duchess of Sussex holds Archie on her lap. The couple is surrounded by William and Kate, Charles and Camilla, Meghan's mother Doria Ragland and Princess Diana's sisters, Lady Sarah McCorquodale and Lady Jane Fellowes. The photograph was taken in the Green Drawing Room at Windsor Castle after the intimate ceremony. The caption read: "Wishing Archie a very happy third birthday today." READ MORE: 'My parents made a typo on my birth certificate' Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  It is reported that Archie's christening was attended by around 25 guests and held in the Private Chapel, in Windsor Castle. Body language expert Judi James commented on the family portrait and said: "It is easy to understand why the Waleses might have chosen this photo to celebrate Archie’s birthday. "Firstly it was probably the last moment they were all together with Archie and second it seems to emphasis Archie’s status as a royal." Judi suggested that "this could be seen as a reminder and even a subtle invite back into royal life" from Kate and William when they shared the photograph in May 2022. Don't miss... Kate may have 'delicious' breakfast food every day to lose weight  [DIET] Kate’s gesture to Prince William put her 'in the role of control'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Danish royals pose for portrait in 'midlife crisis' shoes, claim fans [STYLE] The body language expert commented that it is without a doubt, "a beautiful photo of Harry and Meghan looking ecstatically happy, both together and with their small son". The expert added that it also suggests "nostalgia for the times when they were together in a group". However, she claimed that "this is also a pose riddled with tension" especially coming from William and Kate. The body language guru opined that William "stands at the back with his hands in the fig-leaf pose looking dour". READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Kate, on the other hand, "sits with what looks like an exaggerated spatial gap between herself and the sofa". Her "pose looks rigid and tense and her smile looks awkward," Judi added. Fans took to the comments section to share their thoughts on the portrait with many pointing out that Meghan and Harry never celebrate the Wales's children with a photograph. Twitter user @meghansmole said: "I love that the Waleses rise above any petty childish nonsense every single time. "Even though Harry and Meghan don’t ever wish the Wales's children happy birthdays, the same cannot be said about Kate and William, who have wished the children a happy birthday every year. Class act." This year, Archie's birthday, on May 6, will coincide with King Charles's coronation at Westminster Abbey, in London. It is still unknown if the Duke and Duchess of Sussex will attend King Charles's Coronation or if they will choose to stay in California and celebrate Archie's birthday at home. Prince Harry and Meghan received an invitation to the coronation but they have not yet confirmed whether they will attend. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said last week: “I can confirm the Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty’s office regarding the coronation. An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time.”