Fire Country returned to CBS with another gripping episode, however, after the huge cliffhanger, fans learned the series would face a major scheduling shift and not return until the end of March. As a result, fed-up viewers took to social media to share their disappointment. Friday’s episode of Fire Country had viewers on the edge of their seats as they tuned in for a riveting hour of non-stop action. The team of brave firefighters were called out to help with a huge blaze which was started by a mysterious arsonist. However, crew member Bode Donovan (played by Max Thieriot) had crew member Rebecca Lee’s (Fiona Rene) death on his mind. She was killed during episode 15 while trying to save Eve Edwards (Jules Latimer) after she got stuck under a tree.  READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers  As Rebecca was also Bode’s love interest, he was heartbroken and blamed himself for not coming to their rescue sooner. As Eve was struggling to breathe, Rebecca took it upon herself to lift up the tree. But as Bode was running through the woods, the tree came crashing down on her and caused fatal internal bleeding. Freddy Mills (W. Tré Davis) assured Bode: “You can't always be the hero, dude. But now you got a chance to step up her, right? Giving the eulogy.”   As Fire Country came to an end, viewers took to social media with rage after they learned the upcoming episode would not air in its usual time slot. This included @AussieTay who fumed: “You're telling me I've got to wait until the end of the month for the next episode of #FireCountry?!” A disappointed @sharpwinkins added: “Apparently #firecountry is on hiatus again till the 31st march.” An upset @MissBrneyes complained: “I don't wanna wait!” (sic)  DON'T MISS...The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION]Fire Country fans ‘in tears’ after emotional Bode and Jake hug [REACTION]Fire Country fans ‘work out’ identity of mystery arsonist [REACTION] A fourth viewer @BillyBurkeFansU remarked: “That is mean. At least we have plenty of time to prepare ourselves for another emotional roller coaster!” The major delay is due to the NCAA Tournament which will air on CBS. Thankfully for fans, bosses have provided a synopsis for the upcoming episode, A Cry For Help. It reads: “An internal investigator suspects Jake of being the serial arsonist setting recent fires, so Bode and the crew take it upon themselves to investigate.”  As the team of firefighters tried to control the blaze Bode was eager to save the prison which was in the direction of the fire, because he had loved ones in there. But as the prisoners watched the fire, they became antsy and soon enough a fight broke out. As the episode came to an end, Sharon Leone (Diane Farr) blamed Jake Crawford (Jordan Calloway) for the fire. Although many fans were not convinced, they believed Jake was being framed but they will have to stay tuned to see if this will be the case.  Fire Country returns to CBS on Friday, March 31 in the USA. 