Kimmel began the night by highlighting some of the biggest stars in the room for the 95th Academy Awards, but it didn’t take long for him to address the number one controversy of last year’s ceremony. Addressing Will Smith slapping Chris Rock before picking up his Best Actor award, the talk show host assured the crowd a “crisis team” was in place to prevent a similar incident. This year’s Oscars host mocked Smith’s incident in his opening monologue in Hollywood. He assured the audience the Academy had taken measures to prevent another incident from happening, but slammed the stars for their reaction last year. “We want you to have fun. We want you to feel safe,” he began. “And most importantly, we want me to feel safe. So we have strict policies in place.” READ MORE: Elvis daughter Lisa Marie 'Graceland is a beautiful shrine to my dad' “If anyone in this theatre commits an act of violence at any point during the show, you will be awarded the Oscar for Best Actor and be permitted to give an 18-minute long speech." He then joked: “Seriously, the Academy has a crisis team in place. “If anything unpredictable or violent happens during the ceremony, just do what you did last year – nothing.” Kimmel then quipped the attendees could even “give the assailant a hug” as some of the stars did at the last awards.  The host went on to list a number of attendees who would be on-hand to protect him if another nominee had the same idea as Smith. “If you want to come up here and get jiggy with it,” he quipped. “We have no time for shenanigans. This is a celebration of everyone here.” The camera showed several formidable stars in the audience, including Oscar nominee Michelle Yeoh, Creed star Michael B Jordan and former Spider-Man Andrew Garfield. Don't miss... You boss admits she’s ‘still debating’ Netflix series’ ending [INTERVIEW] NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey’s announcement sparks frenzy [LATEST] Star Trek Picard showrunner apologises for streaming blunder [BLUNDER] Other targets in Kimmel’s searing monologue included director James Cameron and Tom Cruise, who didn’t show up to support their nominated films. “James Cameron is not here. You know a show is too long when even James Cameron can’t sit through it,” he said. “Some of the critics are saying Jim Cameron isn’t here because he didn’t get a Best Director nomination. “And while I find that very hard to believe about a man of such deep humility, he does have a point. I mean, how does the Academy not nominate the guy who directed Avatar? What do they think he is, a woman?” Meanwhile, Smith won’t be in attendance at the Oscars as he received a 10-year ban after slapping Rock and shouting at him from the audience. After resigning from the Academy, he said in a statement: “I betrayed the trust of the Academy. “I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken.” The 95th Academy Awards are available to stream on NOW and Sky Go.