Appearing on BBC Breakfast on Friday, March 3, the keen angler looked chilly as he spoke about Paul Whitehouse: Our Troubled Rivers. The new two-part series first sees Paul in the North of England, discovering the piling pressures now affecting rivers and waterways. Looking into the effects of privatisation of the water industry since 1989, Paul investigates what regulations are in place when it comes to sewage discharge. Told to warm himself up with a warm brew, Paul revealed: "I can't get a cup of tea. "I've got a heart assessment; they won't let me have a coffee or anything to eat." Back in 2015, Paul was diagnosed with heart disease and required triple bypass surgery to improve blood flow to his heart. Paul opened up about the life-saving procedure to Saga magazine in 2022. He said: "When I had the heart stents, the guy who did it said, 'Well I didn't put them in for you to go and sit by the fire, so get up and go out.' "I took him at his word, so I do a lot of exercise to keep myself ticking over." The 64-year-old Welshman, from Stanleytown, Rhondda, suffers from a condition that kills thousands of people every year in the UK. The British Heart Foundation (BHF) says millions of men and women are currently living with heart disease in the UK. The BHS says: "Coronary heart disease (CHD; also known as ischaemic heart disease) is the most common type of heart disease. "It is the most common cause of heart attack and was the single biggest killer of both and men and women worldwide in 2019." Symptoms of coronary heart disease, as pointed out by the NHS: READ MORE: The sign in your poo that can signal severe fatty liver disease - seek help 'immediately' What causes heart disease? Over time, a build-up of fatty deposits can narrow the passageway of blood to the heart muscle. This risk is "significantly increased" if you: Additional risk factors include being overweight and having a family history of coronary artery disease. Akin to what Paul had, the treatment for coronary artery disease can include surgery. This is for serious cases whereby the symptoms can not be controlled using medicines and lifestyle interventions. "During the procedure, a small balloon is inserted to push the fatty tissue in the narrowed artery outwards," the NHS explains. "This allows the blood to flow more easily." Paul Whitehouse: Our Troubled Rivers is on BBC Two, Sunday, March 5 at 8pm.