Erik ten Hag has made progress in his first season as Manchester United manager. But Sunday's collapse at Liverpool by arguably his strongest team proved there is plenty of work to be done to take the Red Devils back where fans believe they belong. Express Sport pinpoints six dilemmas he needs to fix internally and in the transfer window. David de Gea is a United legend. His record-breaking 181st clean sheet in the Carabao Cup final victory cemented that much. He can also produce clutch moments that continue to save Ten Hag's side points. But his hesitance to claim crosses and frailties with the ball at his feet continue to invite pressure. The arrival of a new number one helped revolutionise Pep Guardiola's Manchester City and Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool. United are reportedly eyeing a new goalkeeper ahead of the summer. It could have the same effect. Diogo Dalot started the season in the form of his United career, but he has been exposed time and time again since the World Cup. There are also question marks over Aaron Wan-Bissaka, so Ten Hag needs the chance to lure his own right-back to Old Trafford. Attacking is crucial to his system, but the primary role of a full-back should always be defending. Dalot just doesn't look cut out for where United need to go. READ MORE: Qatar to back Erik ten Hag with 'very big spend' if Man Utd bid wins  There's a fine line between Bruno Fernandes' on-field antics benefitting United and hampering them. He certainly crossed that line at Anfield amid reports he 'irritated' his team-mates. Fernandes is crucial to Ten Hag. But there must be a sense of maturity in big games, especially away from home. Far too often in recent seasons, that's been lacking on the road. If the 28-year-old wants to be the centrepiece of this project, he must learn to adapt his attitude rather than be swallowed up by the occasion. That's what captains are supposed to do. Wout Weghorst was never going to evolve United into a dominant force again. He was a short-term fix sanctioned by cash-strapped owners. He was utilised as the attacking midfielder against Liverpool, and not for the first time. While he has helped United become a better counter-pressing side, Ten Hag must start relying on the more technical players at his disposal. Jadon Sancho has shone centrally since he returned. If Fernandes is to continue playing out wide, it's time to give the 22-year-old a run of games. Don't miss... Man Utd stars 'irritated' by Fernandes as club decides captain rivals [LATEST] Man Utd's Bruno Fernandes reacts to claims he 'asked to be subbed' [LATEST] Ten Hag in furious Man Utd dressing room rant after Liverpool loss [LATEST] Anthony Martial, of course, hasn't been in United's first-choice side this season. That's because he's been injured for almost all of it. The Frenchman is undoubtedly an upgrade on Weghorst when fit, but he never is, and that's still a huge problem. Ten Hag will need to offload players to spend big again this summer. Martial should be one of a handful in the shop window. There's nothing wrong with Marcus Rashford. He should have scored the opener to make it an entirely different game, but he's more than earned credit among the United faithful. The problem lies with his future. The Red Devils have tasted silverware this season, but the Carabao Cup is likely nothing compared to what his likely suitors would be able to offer. He's out of contract next summer, so United are running out of time to prove they can consistently challenge for major honours again. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here