From Covid to colds, tourists are often at risk of catching common illnesses when they travel. Anton Radchenko, travel expert and founder of AirAdvisor, exclusively shared his top hygiene tops with Express.co.uk. Anton told Express.co.uk: “Travel is one of life’s pleasures. The germs that you pick up while travelling, less so. “Whether it’s a cold, or something a lot more disruptive, like ‘traveller’s tummy’, we’ve all experienced some kind of holiday illness.” Anton said: “Upon arrival from the airport, hotel rooms may seem clean, but there are several items and areas that can be considered dirty and harbour harmful bacteria and germs. “The TV remote is one to look out for, it’s frequently touched by different guests and is rarely disinfected. READ MORE: Passenger wants to ‘slap’ man that refused to swap seats with his wife “You could try disinfecting it yourself or popping a clear plastic bag over it to avoid direct contact. “Another item that isn’t generally cleaned between guests is the phone. This could do with a good wipe down before touching it. “You could also try using the speaker function to avoid touching your face and wash your hands immediately after use.” While most hotels have stringent cleaning procedures, there are a few items that might be missed between guests. Anton said: “Tray tables inflight are often used as a surface for eating food, resting personal items or working on a laptop, but they are rarely disinfected between flights. “Studies have shown that airlines’ onboard tray tables can harbour more bacteria than the aeroplane’s bathroom or even the overhead air vent. “Airlines’ seat pockets, which are often used to store used tissues, food wrappers and other trash, can harbour harmful bacteria and viruses. “It’s a good idea to bring disinfectant wipes and clean these surfaces before using them to reduce your exposure to harmful germs and bacteria.” READ MORE: Expats explain reason ‘everything is great’ in Portugal Many tourists end up using a taxi to get to their accommodation from the airport, or travelling in a holiday provider’s transfer vehicle. Anton said: “Seatbelt buckles are often the dirtiest places in taxis as they are frequently touched by different passengers throughout the day, and they are often not cleaned between rides. “They can harbour high levels of bacteria, including harmful pathogens such as E.coli and Staphylococcus aureus. Other areas in a taxi that can be dirty include the door handles and the air conditioning vents.” It’s a good idea to bring biodegradable wipes on holidays, to wipe down dirty areas without causing environmental harm. Many hotels and cruise ships have swimming pools. If these are very busy during the day, they might not be cleaned. Anton said: “The dirtiest place by a pool is often the pool deck, particularly in areas where people frequently walk. However, other areas around a pool that can be just as dirty are the furniture such as lounge chairs and tables particularly if they’re not cleaned regularly. “Bathroom facilities can also be a source of harmful bacteria and germs, you can use a paper towel to open doors and use it as a barrier, seat covers are another good way to help avoid germs on toilet seats. “Be sure to wash your hands thoroughly, avoid touching your face or mouth whilst in the restroom and be extra careful to sanitise your hands after leaving to kill any remaining germs.”