Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are said to be furious as King Charles reportedly won't let Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet have "HRH" titles, a royal commentator has noted. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were told they would no longer be able to style themselves as His and Her Royal Highnesses after stepping down in 2020. And as the couple now confirmed Prince Archie Harrison and Princess Lilibet Diana will be using their titles, commentator Neil Sean noted the children will also not be allowed to use the HRH style. Mr Sean told Fox News: "Yes, they are entitled to use Prince and Princess but not HRH – which is really the most important line in royal protocol." Harry and Meghan were told they would no longer be allowed to use the HRH style when they announced to the late Queen that they would step down from their royal roles. But sources close to the couple have claimed they are "furious" about the ban being extended to their children after months of "tense negotiations" with the Palace. They said: "Harry and Meghan were worried about the security issue and that being prince and princess brings them the right to have certain levels of royal security. JUST IN: Charles to move to Buckingham Palace after £369m refit and WON'T slim down property empire "There have been a lot of talks over the past week. They have been insistent that Archie and Lilibet are prince and princess." Speaking to The Sun, they added: "They have been relentless since the Queen died, but they have been left furious that Archie and Lilibet cannot take the title HRH. "That is the agreement — they can be prince and princess but not HRH because they are not working royals." The style has long been a pivotal symbol for members of the Royal Family as it is customarily bestowed to the highest-ranking members. Most of the current holders also work on behalf of the Crown. READ MORE: 'I don't want to do that!' Tyler Perry puts foot down at Lilibet's christening Traditionally, a Sovereign's children and grandchildren are styled as HRH unless alternative arrangements are made by the family. Prince William and Prince Harry and cousins Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie have been allowed to use the HRH style since birth. But the children of Princess Anne, Zara Tindall and Peter Phillips, were never styled as HRHs as their mother rejected an offer from the late Queen to even give them a title. The Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh also opted out of having their children Lady Louis and James, the Earl of Wessex styled to ensure they grew up away from the pressure of royal work. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry playing 'dangerous game' to reinvent Sussex image in US [ANALYSIS] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will turn Coronation into 'soap opera' [LATEST] King's Coronation invite marks 'slight thawing' with Meghan and Harry [INSIGHT] Despite the HRH ban, Harry and Meghan were adamant Archie and Lilibet were entitled to use their titles "by birthright." In a statement, they said: "The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. "This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace.” Archie and Lilibet automatically became a prince and princess when King Charles ascended the throne in September. But their new titles were only updated on Royal Family's website this week despite all other members seeing their new roles clarified shortly after Her late Majesty's death. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews