Minnesota dad Levi Axtell allegedly killed a 77-year-old convicted sex offender with a moose antler and a shovel. Axtell admitted to killing Lawrence Scully after walking to the local police station "covered in blood." The man reportedly suspected Scully of stalking his young girl and had previously been granted a protection order against the elderly man. Scully was convicted in 1979 for molesting a six-year-old girl and was committed to a mental institution in 2020. Court files said Axtell repeatedly hit the 77-year-old with a shovel in his apartment before "finishing him off" with a moose antler. The filing says the Minnesota dad hit his victim approximately 15-20 times with his own shovel. The paper read: "Defendant said he had known Scully for a long time, and believed him to have sexually offended against children in the past,' it states. JUST IN: Silicon Valley Bank: US warned it has ‘24 hours’ to avoid financial chaos "Defendant said he had observed (Scully) parked in his vehicle at locations where children were present and believed he would re-offend." Scully was found inside his apartment as Axtell reportedly confessed to the killing after turning himself into the Cook County Sheriff's Office, his clothes still covered in blood. An officer said the victim had "major head trauma and was surrounded by blood", stating that he "was obviously dead." Scully was sentenced to between zero and five years in prison after pleading guilty to molesting a little girl in 1979. READ MORE: Mike Pence hints at 2024 presidential bid as he swipes at Donald Trump He was released from State Prison at Bayport in 1981 after petitioning for conviction relief. Documents from the time of his release show authorities didn't think he would present a danger to the public. The victim conducted a regular life, even standing for mayoral elections in Grand Marais, Minnesota. But in 2018 he once again faced allegations of sexual misconduct with minors. Axtell first spotted Scully at the time and filed for a protection order against the man after becoming concerned about him approaching his young daughter. In the petition, Axtell clarified "they do not know each other', adding: "The respondent waits for victim to go on walks from daycare and tries to talk to her. DON'T MISS Neighbours distraught after toys of boys 'killed by mum' found [INSIGHT] Alex Murdaugh claims he's a victim of 'vitriol and misguided attacks'  [CRIME] Gruesome discovery of 'human bones' sparks police investigation [LATEST] "He has been there many times stalking children in his van. "I have seen him parked right next to the school. ... He is a convicted paedophile and him stalking and attempting to groom my daughter is completely inappropriate and needs to stop." The order was granted and Scully was forbidden to go anywhere within six blocks of Axtell's home. But a more permanent order was denied after county judge Michael Cuzzo said that "the allegations are not proven to be true." Sheridd Pat Eliasen said the department had been made aware of the allegations linking Scully to Axtell's daughter but noted that an investigation "didn't reveal anything." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews