Lewis Hamilton appears determined to put last year's disappointment behind him and beat George Russell in the inner-Mercedes battle for the 2023 season. Hamilton was beaten by his team-mate in the Drivers' Championship for just the third time in his 16-year F1 career last season. The 2022 season as a whole proved to be Hamilton's worst yet as he finished sixth in the championship and failed to win a single race in the entire year for the first time in his career. And the British sporting icon also finished 35 points behind team-mate Russell, who also took Mercedes' solitary win at the Sao Paulo Grand Prix. Hamilton was hugely supportive of his team-mate's success in Brazil with the pair lapping up the celebrations after the race. When it was announced that Russell would be replacing Valtteri Bottas at Mercedes for the 2022 season, Toto Wolff faced questions on whether there would be potentially any friction between the British duo. That didn't appear to develop throughout their first season together, partially due to Mercedes' inability to challenge for race wins on a regular basis. With a title fight out of the question, both Hamilton and Russell appeared more focused on helping the team out of their slump.  It looks as though Mercedes will need them both once again for the start of the 2023 season to work together in finding the best solution for the W14. But Hamilton has already issued fighting talk in his bid to put last year's disappointment behind him, suggesting he still has certain skills Russell doesn't possess to get the best out of the current package. He said: “I love the challenge of finding solutions and I still believe I’m able to put the car in places that perhaps others are not able to. I love that challenge. I’m encouraged to see the focus - everyone is so focused on getting us back to the top. “We are not where we wanted to start a season, naturally, but this is still a multi-championship winning team and a good group of people I believe in.” It's been suggested that Mercedes may be in a battle for third in the Constructors' Championship from the off with Aston Martin impressing in pre-season testing.  Nothing will be clear until the season officially gets underway this weekend but, while Mercedes admit there are issues to fix, Wolff is confident the team are in a good starting position. "It's always hard to have a clear picture of competitiveness at pre-season testing - and even more so with only three days of data available," he said. "Our expectations were that we would likely be playing catch-up to the front, based on how last year ended. "That seems to be the case so far but we will only know for sure after this weekend. Nevertheless, we are confident we have got a car we can work with and are in a stronger position than 12 months ago. More importantly, we are relishing the challenge. This championship will be fought over 23 race weekends, and each one will give us an opportunity to improve."