Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag is at risk of losing star midfielder Casemiro to a ban yet again as the Red Devils seek to bounce back from their 7-0 thumping at Liverpool. Casemiro has already missed four matches through suspension in 2023. The Brazilian is one yellow card away from missing a Europa League game. United face a two-legged tie against Real Betis with Casemiro walking a disciplinary tightrope. Casemiro was booked late in United’s 2-1 win over Barcelona in the play-off second leg. A booking in Thursday’s clash at Old Trafford would see him miss the second leg in Spain, which is due to be played on March 16. It comes after the former Real Madrid ace missed four Premier League matches through suspension at the start of 2023. A booking during United’s 1-1 draw at Crystal Palace saw him miss the 3-2 defeat against Arsenal. JUST IN: Man Utd set for Henderson 'meeting' as Ten Hag makes his mind up Casemiro was then sent off against Palace two weeks later. He received a three-match ban after a VAR review caught him grappling the neck of Will Hughes with two hands during a melee. United missed Casemiro for two Premier League clashes with Leeds - a draw and a victory apiece - and a win over Leicester. The 30-year-old made a scoring return to domestic action in the EFL Cup final triumph against Newcastle. Casemiro made his first Premier League appearance since his red card in the thrashing at Liverpool. Former Reds defender Jamie Carragher described his performance as “very, very poor”. "Casemiro has been one of the best players in the league this season, but he was very, very poor on Sunday. Don't miss... FIFA clear the path for Qatar takeover of Man Utd [LATEST] Peter Schmeichel hits back at Jamie Carragher after dressing down [LATEST] Garnacho has suffered rotten luck after shattering Man Utd ceiling [LATEST] "You could see he wasn’t at the races. A player of his class shouldn’t give the ball away the way he did. He was supposed to look after Harvey Elliott, but he made it too easy for him. The second goal is the killer for United. Casemiro couldn’t get near anyone, he's fallen over twice. "To quote Gary Neville, it was scabby. It was his worst game for passing, he didn’t win one tackle. This is away at Liverpool. It shows how important he is to Manchester United. They lose to Man City without him, he's not at the races at Anfield and they concede seven." Casemiro must now avoid a yellow card against Betis to avoid yet another ban. Erik ten Hag will not want his best midfielder missing any more football.