Four years ago, Christopher Tester, 41, was working irregular and unreliable zero-hour contracts when he decided to try and change his life and start his own business in a very unique way. Mr Tester set up a profile on Fiverr for his voice-over services and has since raked in a staggering £500,000. Delving into his former years performing in theatre, Mr Tester told Express.co.uk: “My background as a performer meant I was already aware of how to use my voice effectively, but for the first eight years of my career, voice-over was like the cherry on top. “You didn’t have to learn the lines and the money was good. But they only ever came, very occasionally through my acting agent.” Mr Tester took a course called voice over kickstart which showed him that the technology available to record at home was now readily available for those willing to invest a few hundred pounds. Mr Tester continued: “So I took what was left in my overdraft to buy the relevant gear and try to make it work. As it was very easy to set up a profile on Fiverr, it was a no-brainer as they do all the work for you in terms of finding customers. It’s entirely inbound led, so I didn’t have to invest time in finding jobs there - they just came to me.”  READ MORE: Woman quadruples side hustle income to £8,000 a month  After largely relying on income from theatre and resting work, Mr Tester said the bar wasn’t set that high in terms of monetary expectations. However, he continued: “Within about four months of joining Fiverr I was making as much in voice-over from home than anything else, so I knew I needed to commit to it.” Mr Tester began working on voice-overs for educational and corporate explainer videos but has since expanded his expertise into the world of commercials, which is where “the biggest money is for small bursts of work”. Mr Tester said: “A year in, I was chosen as the voice for a BMW campaign across Asia that ran for six months, and that payday allowed me to reinvest in my recording equipment and coaching. DON'T MISS: Mum shares key to success after making £184,000 in just one month [INSIGHT]21 highest paying side hustles that anyone can do including retirees [ANALYSIS]Broadband warning as customers may face penalties when switching [EXPLAINED]    “Since then I have recorded projects for Google, Pepsi, and Warner Bros, and as my portfolio of work has improved, larger and more prestigious clients have sought me out for a variety of projects.” This includes ‘sound alikes’ for a number of celebrities. Mr Tester explained: “Occasionally lines for big stars have to be rerecorded because of sound issues or rewrites, so ‘sound alikes’ are often hired instead for such jobs. “Many are subject to confidentiality agreements, but on LinkedIn, I bill myself as the voice-over ‘for when Cumberbatch is busy’ for a reason!” When asked what his most memorable work to date is, Mr Tester said: “I think hearing my voice on TV for the first time, in an insurance advert for Legal & General was quite surreal. I didn't recognise it was me at first!” READ MORE: Woman shares 'low-effort' method that helped save £20,000 in 3 years  He continued: “Last year I recorded my first ever wildlife documentary. No one will ever rival David Attenborough of course, but it was a real honour to narrate it.” However, despite the looming potential threat of AI and what it can be used for, Mr Tester is confident it won’t disrupt the industry too much, as human talent cannot be replaced. He said: “[AI] will change the industry hugely, just like having affordable technology to record from home changed ten or twenty years ago. I think the market will polarise to some degree. I don't think AI can replace human talent. “A premium will be paid to those whose creativity and flexibility can still offer real value and can still deliver stories that affect people. Voice actors will need to look at ways to augment their workflows with AI as well as be vigilant about protecting their rights.  “Equity’s ‘Stop AI Stealing the Show’ is a very important response to the changing landscape. It is never enough just to ‘sound good’ - you need the acting chops to back it up.” Expressing his enjoyment in the variety of projects he gets the opportunity to work on, Mr Tester said he hopes he can carry on in this line of work for years to come. He said: “As an actor, it’s always been about storytelling for me and voice-over has allowed me to do that while building a business with a sense of autonomy. I want to offer value to the people I work with in as many ways as possible.” 