Ted Kravitz has spotted new Ferrari boss Frederic Vasseur leaving the Mercedes motorhome after qualifying at the Bahrain Grand Prix. The Ferrari team principal was seen walking away from the Silver Arrows hospitality centre less than an hour after qualifying had ended.  Kravitz seemed intrigued by Vasseur’s decision and suggested he could have been in to see Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff. He told Sky Sports F1: “That’s interesting. Fred Vasseur coming out of a meeting with Toto Wolff. Hmm What’s all that about? “‘How was your qualifying Toto, well not as bad as I thought Fred but not great’. I know their mates and all but that’s interesting.” The discussion was spotted after both teams struggled to match Red Bull in the first qualifying session of the season. Ferrari locked out the second row while Mercedes were further behind. George Russell will start the race from P6 with Lewis Hamilton in P7 after failing to meet the pace of the frontrunners. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton brands new Mercedes 'average' as woes set to continue  Hamilton dubbed Mercedes new W14 as “average” after the session while Russell conceded the team needed a lot of improvements. The Ferrari pair were more optimistic with Leclerc confident the Italian marque were in the hunt for pole on Saturday. Leclerc didn't get a second run in Q3 and there was concern this was down to a mechanical glitch. However, Leclerc denied this after the session, explaining it was a tactical choice to have new tyres for the race. Vasseur was asked about his close friendship with Wolff ahead of the new season as he replaced Mattia Binotto at the helm. DON'T MISSToto Wolff responds to Lewis Hamilton outburst after qualifying [INSIGHT]Max Verstappen reacts to beating Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Norris 'overwhelmed' says Verstappen as he talks 'best friend in F1' [COMMENT] The Frenchman said it would be an “advantage” but stressed it would not affect any rivalry out on track. He commented: ”I think for the global picture, it’s an advantage also to have a very good collaboration between teams. “And on this side, when the common interest of the teams or F1 will be to have discussions and to find an agreement, I think it will be a huge advantage to have a good relationship. “I also have a good relationship with a couple of other of my colleagues. I think this is always good. Then we have to be clever enough to split completely [this friendship], and you can be sure I will fight like hell with Toto on the track and out of the track.”