A Romani Gypsy has slammed a council after her family was kicked off a permanent travellers' site. Eva Price had lived on the council-run complex in Tunstall, Stoke-on-Trent for 50 years. However, she has now been evicted and has spent the past week living in two caravans on the site of a former care home with her four daughters Hawthorne, 22; Anna-Mae, 18; Eva Marie, 17; and 15-year-old Queenie. There is no hot water or electricity and they have kept warm by lighting fires. Now, speaking to Stoke-on-Trent Live, Eva says the local council is threatening to seize their caravans - and shove them in Longton's Crown Hotel instead. She says she was evicted after refusing to get rid of her dogs. The 53-year-old woman said: "I got married in Church Lawton. All my family is in Lawton cemetery. We can trace our family back to Church Lawton 200 years ago. We are Romani Gypsies. I'm an animal lover. I couldn't give my dogs away. Since we moved here we have tried to keep it tidy. The people around here have been really nice. We have had no issues with our neighbours. "When we travel anywhere, we would always travel in Stoke-on-Trent, never anywhere else. We have been turfed off the camp by the council. We were there for 50 years. We are a well-known family. I don't know anything other than this life. We ended up here on Chell Heath Road because we had nowhere else to go. "They wanted to take the caravans away and send us to The Crown Hotel in Longton. Me and the youngest would stay there but the older children would have to fend for themselves. But they are my carers. How can you make me do that for myself? All I've got is the children and I am all they've got. It is our culture to live with your parents, no matter how old you are, unless you marry." Eva added: "It has been cold. We've been made homeless. I am very close to having a stroke and I have high blood pressure too. At night I suffer with anxiety and I can't stop crying. My blood pressure is so high, I'm close to having a heart attack. "I can't do this at my age. I've got these health problems and I am struggling. When we got kicked out, there was nowhere else I could go. I didn't want to go into the hostel. I don't know what I am going to do. We need a toilet and we can't keep knocking on doors and asking if we can go. "When we asked why we had been evicted, they said it was because of the animals, they accused us of being dog breeders. They also said it was due to anti-social behaviour because of things like swearing. I don't think that has grounds for eviction. "I'm used to it by now. I didn't think they could do this. The dogs don't even leave the yard. We're not dog breeders and they're not loose either. I've had the abuse in my lifetime. It has brought me to my knees. No-one wants to help someone like me. Everywhere I look, no-one wants to know. I've had no support from the council and social services are just not interested. "I feel like my heart has been ripped out from my mouth. I can't stop crying. I have been let down by everything and we have been let down by everybody. Look at my family, we never had a problem on the site. I've got no education. Nobody is going to help me.  "We're just asking for a bit of help from someone. The children have never had a friend, only me and each other. Now we have got nobody. What can we do? We've got nowhere to go. We're not used to this as a family. We miss electricity and water. I can't charge my phone. "We are in need of a home. The kids have got plenty of love and food but they are struggling. We can't have a bath or water. The girls are all very innocent. They are just looking for a bit of stability. All we are looking for is just a little bit of stability. The system has let us all down massively. The full Price family has gone. Now we've got nobody. I've just got me and the girls. "For 50 years we were at that site and there used to be so many lovely people who would come up to us and say 'hi'. Now it feels like it is hard to trust people. You always think someone is out to get you. Everyone used to respect us. Now they don't see us as human anymore."  The council is aware of the case. A council spokesman said: "A possession order was obtained to evict an occupant at the Linehouses site due to continual breaches of their pitch agreement. Officers have been trying to work with the family for the past four years to resolve the breach of conditions. "Teams from across Stoke-on-Trent City Council, support agencies, and the citizen's advice bureau have been working to provide support to the individual and her family to secure temporary accommodation." 