Kate, Princess of Wales appeared to suffer a rare awkward moment during visit to a Muslim centre in London. The 41-year-old, who was joined by Prince William, visited Hayes Muslim Centre to hear about how the community is raising funds for those affected in the recent earthquakes in Syria and Turkey. Upon arriving, the royal couple were introduced to a number of leaders, including Iman Sufyan Iqbal. Both Kate and William took it in turns to greet each member, with one of the leaders also putting out his hand to greet Kate. However, when Kate reached Iman Sufyan, she put out her hand and was greeted with a different welcome in rsponse. Iman Sufyan greeted the Princess in the form of his his hand pressed on his heart and a bow of the head. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan warned US is 'absolutely sick of them' as popularity plummets Kate swiftly then withdraw her hand, before mirroring his gesture. In some Muslim traditions, it is common curiosity to greet a woman with placing your hand on your heart and a nod, or with a slight bow. During the visit, Kate and William learned the sheer hard-work that had been put into raising funds for Syria and Turkey. They, through bucket collections and other donations after prayers, have raised more than £25,000 for the Turkey-Syria Earthquake Appeal. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: King agreed to Archie and Lili's titles 'before Harry's book published' Speaking during the visit, Kate said: "It's sad that there's a need to do funding." Praising communities like Hayes Muslim Centre, the Princess added: "It's amazing there are communities like this here raising [funds]". Salah Aboulgasem, who is from Islamic Relief's Emergency Response Team, said: "I arrived in Turkey to the worst scenes of destruction I've ever witnessed. "I met with so many families whose lives were destroyed in an instant. Don't miss... POLL: Should the Royal Family have gone to Lilibet's christening? [POLL] Harry and Meghan issue new statement defending children's titles [LATEST] Harry and Meghan 'expected' to attend Coronation as Palace start plans [LATEST] "From the onset of the disaster, Islamic Relief teams were on the ground providing instant support, including cash vouchers which are crucial in enabling families to make basic purchases, with dignity." The royal couple's joint visit comes after Kate's recent solo engagement. On Wednesday, Kate braced the bitterly cold snowy weather as she took part in a military training exercise with the Irish Guards.