Kate Middleton, 41, has been known to have an unconventional taste in food herself, having even admitted to liking kidneys. But over the years, the Princess of Wales has shared an insight into how her three children eat. Prince William, 40, has joked in the past that his wife is better in the kitchen than he is. Over the Platinum Jubilee weekend, for instance, the Princess shared a video on Instagram showing her making cupcakes with her children. Kate previously acknowledged she likes to cook curries, particularly those with vegetables. The Princess added that while she likes spicy food, she needs to dial it back for her husband.  READ MORE: Meghan Markle is ‘extremely comfortable’ without Prince Harry - claims According to the Princess of Wales, Charlotte also likes and appreciates curry. Before their 2019 tour of Pakistan, she told Prince Shah Karim Al Hussaini, Aga Khan IV, that she has to tone down the heat for George and Louis but added: "Charlotte is pretty good with heat." In 2020, Kate spoke about what George, Charlotte and Louis like to eat first thing in the morning. She visited the London Early Years Foundation Stockwell Gardens Nursery and Pre-school, where the headteacher said: "She mentioned to the children that her own children enjoy apples and cereal in the morning, which sparked a conversation with the children about their own preference of fruits." Don't miss... Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures [PICTURES] Princess Eugenie will likely 'eat less' in new home in Portugal [DIET] Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby [WEIGHT LOSS] Kate has shown her ability to connect with other parents who encourage their children to help cook in the kitchen. When visiting Lavender Primary School, she told a story about how her children help the Princess make cheesy pasta. Kate said: "One stirs the flour, one puts the milk and butter in". According to a professional chef, a different version of cheesy pasta is the heir to the throne's favourite meal. In 2020, celebrity chef Aldo Zilli shared that spaghetti carbonara, a staple of the Mediterranean cuisine, was Prince George's favourite dish. The chef, who has had a number of encounters with Prince William over the years, reportedly told the chef what George's favourite meal is. "[William's] amazing - I'm waiting for the call because apparently his little boy's favourite is spaghetti carbonara, so I'm waiting for the call to go and cook it for him," Aldo said. That same year in 2019, Kate shared that her youngest child likes an unusual vegetable. Speaking to Mary Berry, she said: "We grow our own vegetables, We've got carrots, beans, beetroot, a massive favourite, Louis absolutely loves beetroot."  When speaking to pupils at the Lavender Primary School, the Princess added: "Charlotte loves olives." Pizza is one of George, Charlotte, and Louis' favourite food, according to Kate, which she admitted on a visit to the St Luke's Community Centre for the Commonwealth Big Lunch event in London. Kate said: "I've done that with George and Charlotte, making pizza dough. "They love it because they can get their hands messy." 