Queen Consort Camilla will not visit Newmarket in Suffolk today due to a transport issue as severe weather plaguing the country impacts the Royal Family. The royal was due to visit the town this afternoon for a planned event, but she is reportedly prevented from reaching the area due to transport difficulties. The latest in a "series" of issues with the royal helicopter has meant it cannot carry her today. Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer wrote on Twitter that the vehicle cannot fly in the inclement weather.  He wrote: "The Queen Consort’s visit to Newmarket today has been postponed because of transport problems. "It’s the latest in a series of problems caused by helicopters being unable to fly in bad weather." Camilla was due to visit the British Racing School and mark its 40th anniversary today. She was also due to visit the British Sporting Art Trust, where officials had planned to have her unveil a painting. Buckingham Palace confirmed the cancellation this morning, stating the sovereign's wife is "very sorry" to have missed out. A Palace spokesman said the royal household would try to reschedule the planned events. They said: "Her Majesty's engagements at Newmarket later today have had to be postponed due to the weather impacting on transport arrangements. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's title move 'predictable', says expert "Her Majesty is of course very sorry not to be able to attend and will hope to find another date to visit in due course." The Queen Consort's difficulties in travelling to Suffolk are not confined to the Royal Family alone, with millions of Britons affected by the severe cold weather. Heavy snow and icy conditions caused by freezing rain have led the Met Office to issue a series of warnings for the UK, as forecasters expect widespread travel disruption and possible injuries. Four warnings - two yellow and two amber - are currently in place, covering England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Don't miss... 'I spent £53 at Jeremy Clarkson's Farm Shop but left with very little' [INSIGHT] British Army told to stop giving out ceremonial daggers after murder [REPORT] Foul-mouthed pub parrot banned from watching TV after dropping F-bomb [VIDEO] The yellow warnings state that snow accumulations could pile up to 5cm, with "icy stretches" on the roads making travel more risky. The more severe amber alerts warn that people living in 12 areas could see between 10cm and 20cm pile up over low ground. Travel delays are also likely on bus and train routes, with some airports forced to ground flights. The worst of the weather could cause some parts of the country, especially rural areas, to become cut off. Elsewhere, people may experience power cuts and mobile phone service outages.