Jamie Carragher has suggested ‘it would make sense’ for Tottenham to sell Harry Kane in the summer with the England captain ‘no longer Spurs’ future’. The 29-year-old has been strongly linked with a move to Manchester United, with his contract expiring in 2024 and Tottenham potentially needing to cash in to avoid losing him for nothing in 18 months time. Kane is Tottenham’s record goalscorer after netting 268 times in 423 games, but his exploits in front of goal have not been enough to drag the club to any silverware during his time at the club. Spurs will spend another year trophyless after they were knocked out the Champions League by AC Milan in midweek. The outcome has left Antonio Conte under huge pressure and there appears to be a growing acceptance that he will leave at the end of the season. Former boss Mauricio Pochettino is the standout favourite to replace him but Carragher believes he may have to deal with the departure of Kane. Pochettino helped the Englishman become the player he is today but he could also become the Tottenham manager who watches him depart. United are monitoring the situation and Spurs may be forced to accept a bid in the summer if Kane does not extend his deal. Just in... Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [LIVE] “I loved watching Pochettino’s first Tottenham side, and have always admired him,” Carragher wrote in his column for the Telegraph. “He built a team around a young Harry Kane, and takes some credit for helping the England captain to become the striker he is. “Inheriting Kane at the end of his career – when he must be considering his future – would be a tougher challenge. Whoever takes over at Spurs will surely be overseeing Kane’s exit. “Kane toyed with leaving two years ago. He was in danger of damaging his legacy by forcing his way out to Manchester City. It will be a different story this time. He has been let down by the promise of his club competing for trophies. Don't miss... Facundo Pellistri leaves Hargreaves 'amazed' but also baffled in spell [LATEST] Man Utd legend Scholes disagrees with Ten Hag despite Real Betis win [ANALYSIS] Scholes wants Ten Hag to drop two stars after Real Betis win [REACTION] “If Manchester United bid anywhere between £80-100 million, it makes sense to sell, otherwise he will leave for free at the end of his contract. Kane turns 30 this summer. He is no longer Spurs’ future”. It remains to be seen what Kane’s next steps as he weighs up one of the biggest decisions of his career. A new contract has not been ruled out but he must be considering a new challenge or else he risks retiring without a single bit of silverware to his name.