Genshin Impact update 3.5 is available to download on PS4, PlayStation 5, PC, iOS and Android. Titled Windblume's Breath, the new Genshin Impact update introduces new characters, weapons, story content, enemies and lots more. You can check out the new content when server maintenance comes to an end at 3am GMT UK time on March 1. Because of the length of the server maintenance, Genshin Impact players will receive 300 Primogems to spend within the game. In the run up to the release of Windblume's Breath, Genshin Impact MiHoYo has released a lengthy list of patch notes for update 3.5, which you can see below. Genshin Impact update 3.5 patch notes... New Characters • 5-Star Character "Flame-Mane" Dehya (Pyro) - Vision: Pyro - Weapon: Claymore - A member of the Eremites, a mercenary organization that roams the sands of Sumeru. - Valiant and powerful, she enjoys great fame amongst her fellow Eremites. • Elemental Skill: Molten Inferno • Elemental Burst: Leonine Bite • The 5-star character "Flame-Mane" Dehya (Pyro) will be available in the standard wish "Wanderlust Invocation" in the next Version. • 4-Star Character "Coordinates of Clear Frost" Mika (Cryo) - Vision: Cryo - Weapon: Polearm - A young knight born to an ordinary family. He serves as a Front-Line Surveyor in his Company. - He is a low-key and cautious character. • Elemental Skill: Starfrost Swirl • Elemental Burst: Skyfeather Song New Equipment New Weapons • Beacon of the Reed Sea (5-Star Claymore) - During the event wish "Epitome Invocation," the event-exclusive 5-star weapon Beacon of the Reed Sea (Claymore) will receive a huge drop-rate boost! • Mailed Flower (4-Star Claymore) - Mailed Flower (Claymore) and its refinement materials can be redeemed in the event "Windblume's Breath." New Main Story • New Archon Quest - Archon Quest Chapter III: Act VI "Caribert" - Permanently available after the Version 3.5 update • New Story Quest - Dehya's Story Quest - Mantichora Chapter: Act I "Lionsblood" - Permanently available after the Version 3.5 update • New Hangout Event - Hangout Event: Faruzan - Act I "A Confounding Conundrum" - Permanently available after the Version 3.5 update New Enemies • Abyss Herald: Frost Fall - An Abyss Order monster that uses a dark power to command ice and frost in battle. - Some of its attacks decrease the Stamina of characters while dealing DMG against them. • Black Serpent Knight: Rockbreaker Ax - This seems to have once been a trusted guard of high standing in some land who wielded the power of Geo. - Its attacks become stronger and fiercer when they hit shielded characters, at the cost of its own health. Other Additions New Recipes: • Sumeru NPC Enteka: Tulumba • Sumeru NPC Azalai: Gilded Tajine • Dehya's specialty: "Goldflame Tajine" • Mika's specialty: "Surveyor's Breakfast Sandwich" - Obtained From Event Mail: Super Magnificent Pizza and Minty Fruit Tea • New Cooking Ingredient - Sumeru NPC Enteka: Coffee Bean • New Achievements added to the "Wonders of the World" and "Memories of the Heart" categories • Adds some prompts for loading screens. • Added Set 21 of "Paimon's Paintings" chat emojis. • The gadget "Festive Drum" can now be purchased from Mikoshi Genichirou, the owner of Inazuma's Netsuke no Gen Crafts. • New invitation duels and guest challenges added to the Player List. • New Equipment Cards: Ornate Kabuto and General's Ancient Helm • New Furnishings: Leisure Device: Bouncy Tubby and Leisure Device: Bouncy Chubby • You can directly teleport to the Mansion's location within the Serenitea Pot using the Map.