Gabriel Jesus is reportedly set to travel with the Arsenal squad this week as they face Sporting Lisbon in the first leg of their Europa League last-16 tie. The Brazilian has been out of action since early December but his return to the pitch appears to be edging closer. Mikel Arteta reunited with a player he knew well from his time at Manchester City when Arsenal pulled the trigger on a £45million deal for Jesus last summer. The Brazilian made an instant impact, impressing in pre-season before promptly rattling in five league goals for the campaign. The 25-year-old's output slowed down but he remained an important cog in the Gunners' machine, which meant the long-term knee injury he suffered in December came as a massive blow. Jesus has missed more than three months of action but he is supposedly about to take the next step in his comeback, with The Sun reporting that he will travel with the squad to face Sporting this Thursday.  Don't miss... Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brought back down to earth by ex-Reds star [LATEST] Despite his involvement in the trip, it is still thought to be 'unlikely' that Jesus will feature against the Portuguese giants. Instead, his return to action is expected to occur after the international break later this month. The former Man City forward was struck down with the knee injury while at the World Cup, meaning he has not featured at all for the Gunners since early November. Jesus watched on as Arsenal beat Bournemouth with a last-gasp winner on Saturday before taking part in a warm-down session.  Read more... Tottenham stars 'tired' of Conte as hierarchy consider left-field duo [LATEST] Garnacho shows up Martinez and Casemiro with Man Utd statement [LATEST] Jude Bellingham and Dortmund stars handed favour from British Army [LATEST] "He's not far now," admitted Arteta last week. "I don't want to give a timeline but he's doing certain things with the team, certain things outside the team. He's not very close but he is not far at all. He's feeling better every day and the doctors are confident with the way the injury is evolving and we are in a good place with him I think." The Gunners have relied on Eddie Nketiah to lead the line in the meantime and the 23-year-old has done enough to keep his side at the top of the Premier League table.  Following a slow start to the season, Nketiah proved his doubters wrong with a succession of goals in Jesus' absence, including four strikes and an assist in the league. Arsenal made it to the Europa League knockout rounds after winning Group A with five wins from a possible six. It remains to be seen whether Arteta will field his strongest possible side against Sporting, given that Man City are still in hot Premier League pursuit.