Prince Harry's close family did attend his daughter Princess Lilibet Diana's christening, even though both her grandfather, King Charles III, and her uncle, Prince William, missed the occasion. Senior members of the Royal Family, including King Charles and Prince William, were invited to Lilibet Diana's christening but they were unable to attend. However, it has since emerged that members of Prince Harry's did in fact attend the small, intimate event at the Sussexes' Montecito home. Harry's aunts, Lady Jane Fellowes and Lady Sarah McCorquodale - the sisters of the late Princess Diana - were present at the gathering, according to Marie Claire. Both Harry and William have remained close with their aunts and uncle on their mother's side since Diana's death in 1997. Lady Jane gave an emotional reading from the Song of Solomon at Harry's wedding to Meghan in 2018. The Duke of Sussex was last pictured alongside his aunts in 2021 when he unveiled a statue of his late mother alongside his brother, William. The two brothers were seen greeting their aunts with a kiss during the ceremony at Kensington Palace. JUST IN: Prince Harry playing 'dangerous game' to reinvent Sussex image in US The christening was confirmed on International Women's Day earlier this week. A spokesperson for the Sussexes said: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Bishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." The 21-month-old royal was christened on March 3 in an intimate ceremony attended by 25 guests, according to People. Tyler Perry, who was named as Lilibet's godparent, flew in a 10-person gospel choir to LA for the christening.  The group performed Oh Happy Day, as well as This Little Light of Mine, which was Harry and Meghan's wedding song at their 2018 ceremony. Mr Perry famously loaned the Sussexes his $18million (£15million) Beverly Hills mansion in 2020. Lilibet's California christening breaks with royal tradition, as young members of the Firm typically receive their christenings at a royal estate, either Buckingham Palace or Windsor. DON'T MISS: Prince Harry playing 'dangerous game' to reinvent Sussex image in US [LIVE BLOG]Harry and Meghan mocked over 'highly ironic' bid for royal titles [REACTION]Weekend warning issued as UK faces -10C deep freeze [FORECAST]  Meanwhile, the senior members of the Royal Family were said to be in Sandringham together and could not make the gathering due to their busy schedules. The Sussexes used the royal titles prince and princess for their two children for the first time in the christening announcement. This prompted a swift change on the Royal Family's official website to make the titles official. On the line of succession page, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, are named as the Prince and Princess of Sussex. They are sixth and seventh in line to the throne, respectively. Previously they were listed as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor.