The body of a schoolgirl who died after taking ecstasy was found in her bed by her heartbroken mother, an inquest has heard. Estere Mickane, 14, overdosed on the drug in 2020 and was discovered by her mum Evita Kevisa on August 22.  Coroners reported that the teenager had used the drugs with friends several times but had failed to heed warnings of potential dangers. A statement admitted to the hearing by one of Miss Mickane's friends told how she bought MDMA tablets from a "lad in Scunthorpe". She took the drugs recreationally "in the park or on the streets", the statement added. Ms Kevisa said her drug use followed a period of instability caused by the Covid pandemic. While she wasn't present at the inquest, she said in a statement that her daughter had become increasingly isolated due to the lockdown. The high-achieving student at Outwood Academy Scunthorpe, who loved drawing, art and gymnastics, experienced trouble with her homeschooling arrangements and missed her friends. According to assistant coroner Marianne Johnson, the schoolgirl "had not heeded" warnings from her friends regarding her drug use. She concluded that she had continued to take MDMA in the "spur of the moment". Detective Sergeant Ron Nutting of Humberside Police told the court that a forensic examination of her bedroom found no evidence to suggest she had deliberately overdosed. Officials warned that, despite its reputation, MDMA is far from safe for consumption. High levels of Methylenedioxymethamphetamine can cause the body to shut down, with heart and liver failure among complications. Mrs Johnson said it is, in reality, "most certainly is not a safe drug". She branded the substance "hazardous", adding that it has "no known safe level". The coroner concluded that MDMA also has circumstantial effects and reacts with other drugs. She said: "You have to consider the purity of a tablet and whether it is taken in conjunction with any other stimulant. "It acts differently according to the circumstances. It is a hazardous drug which should not be taken."