Princess Charlotte's wedding day may be the first occasion when fans see her don a tiara. While there are no strict guidelines, most royal women, including Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle, had to wait to wear a diadem at their wedding ceremony. Both of these women did not inherit their royal titles, which may have explained why this was the case. However, Princess Eugenie, a member of the Royal Family by birth, did not wear a tiara until her wedding to Jack Brooksbank in October 2018. Princess Beatrice, her older sister, followed suit when she exchanged vows in July 2020. Princess Charlotte might wait until her wedding day to wear a tiara, just like Beatrice and Eugenie did. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is ‘extremely comfortable’ without Prince Harry - claims  Charlotte, however, differs significantly from the older Princesses in that the Yorks are not working members of the Royal Family. The seven-year-old might potentially decide to follow in the footsteps of Princess Anne and Princess Margaret, the late Queen's sister, who both wore tiaras before getting married. At the young age of 17 and again for her picture taken for her 21st birthday, Anne, the late monarch's only daughter, donned a tiara for the first time. This may be a custom Charlotte adopts, deciding to debut her first tiara in a photograph to celebrate a significant occasion, like her 18th or 21st birthday.  Don't miss... Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures [WEIGHT LOSS] Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby [DIET] Princess Eugenie will likely 'eat less' in new home in Portugal [FOOD] As working royals, Anne and Margaret wore their tiaras in an official role. Charlotte is anticipated to begin representing her grandfather, King Charles, and father, Prince William, as a young woman at royal functions like state banquets as the monarchy becomes more streamlined. There is a likelihood that Charlotte could wear a tiara before her wedding day, but royals no longer wear tiaras at royal engagements. They are reserved usually for state banquets, meaning that Charlotte wouldn't likely attend until she was married anyhow. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's diet is 'different' from his wife Zara's - claims  The tiara design Charlotte will select for her debut causes a lot of excitement among royal fans. The Cartier Halo tiara is without a doubt the front-runner. Princess Margaret and Princess Anne both wore it when they were younger, but Charlotte's mother Kate distinguished herself most by donning it during her 2011 wedding to Prince William. Claire Beatson, the General Manager of Ethical Jeweller Nightingale spoke to Express.co.uk to explain who will wear the Spencer tiara, the wedding diadem of the late Princess Diana.  She said: "I imagine Charlotte or Lilibet would wear the Spencer tiara to honour their grandmother. "More likely that Lilibet would wear the Spencer family tiara given the obvious connection that Harry still has with Diana's side of the family.  "Also given that Meghan and Harry have stepped back from their royal duties, Lilibet may not have the same access to the Queen Mary tiara that was an option for Meghan. "Charlotte, however, will of course have an abundance of royal jewels to choose from given she is fourth in line to the throne." 