On the most recent instalment of The Chase, ITV viewers welcomed a fresh batch of players all hopeful of walking away with a cash prize after going head-to-head with chaser Anne Hegerty. However, during the episode, the quizzer wasn’t pleased with Bradley Walsh after one question blip. During the episode, viewers saw contestant Darren become the first player to get caught by Anne with Beka and Carol managing to get back to the table. The last person to try, winning a spot in the final chase, was 43-year-old Russell who had managed to get £6,000 in his cash builder. When at the table with Anne, he was asked what the first street a player can land on is in a standard UK version of monopoly. With the options being either Bow Street, Coventry Street or Fleet Street, Russell opted to pick the middle option, Bow Street. READ MORE:Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks Mulling over his decision, Bradley replied: “Go, Whitechapel Road, Pentonville, Euston, around the corner, the correct answer is..." Revealing the correct answer was Bow Street, the pair were pleased that Anne had answered incorrectly and decided to go for Fleet Street. Touching on her mistake, she replied: “I didn’t know! But, it sounded to me like you (Bradley) were getting excited when it got to Fleet Street. “So, I must’ve misunderstood.” However, Bradley replied: “I was just getting excited at the fact that I could read it.” Jokingly, Anne swiped: “Excellent, I’m going to stop listening to you in the future.” Realising he had unintentionally helped the players by throwing Anne off the correct answer, the Chase presenter quipped he wanted some of their cash prize if they won. He commented: “I sold her a dunny then didn’t I? Inadvertently, sold her a dunny on behalf of the team." As the team thanked Brad, Anne quipped: “I hate you.” Don't miss... BBC licence fee 'needs to go' fumes Rees-Mogg [LATEST] Endeavour fans in tears over ‘cruel’ Morse and Joan Thursday twist [LATEST] Antiques Roadshow expert ‘excited’ by value of rock 'n' roll jewellery [LATEST] Bradley continued: “So when you win, 10% for me.” As Russell managed to successfully get back to the table with Beka and Carole, the team were then in with a chance of winning £14,000. However, it all went downhill during the final chase as the players seemed to lose their momentum by answering the questions slowly. In the end, they set a target of 11 for Anne to beat, which she managed to do with 54 seconds left on the clock.  Before beating the three players, the quizzer commented on their performance to Bradley. 