Timothy Green at iCANLAWN.COM explained: “In order to cause any lasting damage to your lawn, snow would need to lie on your ground for a prolonged period of time. Typically, in the UK, our snowfall generally only stays for about seven to 10 days so no lasting damage will occur and your lawn will be able to withstand the snow. Luckily, plants are rooted much deeper than the cold, snow-covered surface so temperatures and conditions will stay quite consistent below ground and your grass should withstand the cold.” A frozen lawn is a common occurrence in the winter months, and it can result in damage if gardeners do not take precaution. Keeping the grass healthy through frosty and snow spells will allow it to “thrive” again during spring, according to the lawn expert. Timothy added: “Avoid walking on your lawn. During winter, the individual blades of grass on our lawn can become frozen and brittle. “Walking across your lawn or having heavy footfall during these cooler periods can cause stress and damage to your grass blades. READ MORE: The key front door colour to ‘increase’ your house price by 36% “Not only do you run the risk of causing short term damage, but you could also damage the blades at their roots and stop any further growth. “We’re not saying to avoid your grass from November right through to March but do practise some caution when frost is visible on the ground. If you really need to walk over it during frost, tread lightly.” Gardeners should also clear up any mess on the lawn’s surface as soon as possible to avoid causing damage to the blades of grass. Make sure to remove any tools, furniture or other items before the snow melts to give it the best chance of recovering. Don't miss... Seven ‘must-know’ tips for storing bedding to prevent mould and mildew [INSIGHT] Households urged to perform ‘simple’ cost-free job to keep heat in [EXPLAINER] Laundry expert shares five common ‘habits’ to ‘stop’ making now [COMMENT] The expert noted: “The same applies to leaves, debris and branches. A quick tidy to remove any of those will go a long way in ensuring your lawn is looking its best when spring arrives. “It will also help to reduce the chances of your lawn picking up a fungal disease. Be careful not to clear your lawn with a rake when the frost is visible, as this will be too rough on your brittle blades.” It is also important to check the lawn for any diseases after snowfall, such as snow mould which is a common disease which occurs when the weather is cold. If snow lingers on the lawn for too long, it can result in fungi growing, encouraging yellow and brown spots to develop on the lawn. READ MORE: DIY expert shares six steps to paint a staircase The lawn pro continued: “It can be difficult to control, so the best course of action here is prevention. “If you have prolonged snowfall on your lawn for a number of days, you should aim to shovel it off in sections so that when it begins to melt, the moisture isn’t returning to your grass encouraging more fungi to grow. “Although it can be hard to eliminate the effects that winter can have on your lawn, there are things you can do to help prepare for this. “Maintaining a healthy lawn during summer and autumn will do wonders for your lawn during frosty periods as it will be well fed and cared for. “A healthy lawn will reduce the chances of your grass falling victim to any winter diseases. Applying a feed to your lawn before the winter sets in can help to boost its nutrient level and ensure that it emerges in spring with minimal damage.” Many Britons also may be wondering whether they can grit their garden and lawns in order for it to be less slippery. According to the expert, gritting salt can be damaging to the lawn. Timothy added: “If the salt gets on dormant grass blades, it can damage the soil and keep dormant grass from getting the water it needs to grow in warmer weather. “To help minimise the damage to your lawn, just give it a quick rinse over with your hose to help move the salt around and keep it from collecting in one area.”