The bathroom is often considered to be the most important room in the home, along with the kitchen, and it’s a space where homeowners can relax and unwind. Understanding the bathroom trends which can affect a home’s value is “essential” for homeowners wanting to sell their house, according to Warren Kinlock, bathroom expert from Bathroom Deal. The expert explained: “The absence of a downstairs bathroom can limit the pool of potential buyers for a home, particularly for older buyers, those with elderly relatives or people with disabilities. “The convenience and accessibility of a full bathroom on each level of a home are crucial for homebuyers looking for a long term residence.” However, some houses are just not big enough for a full bathroom on the ground floor, so a small cloakroom is also a great idea. The bathroom pro said: “Bathrooms that look outdated or aged can be a red flag to many buyers, who may assume they would need to renovate the property to get it to their standard. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening ‘mistakes’ to avoid this spring “This can lower the property’s value, as it detracts from the overall aesthetic and represents a lack of maintenance and investment in the home.” If on a budget, homeowners can update their space by potentially grouting the tiles with fresh white grout, giving the bathroom a lick of paint as well as introducing houseplants. It is also important to clean a bathroom regularly to avoid mould and mildew, which can also make the space look dirty and unkempt. A bathroom right next to the kitchen is common in old homes when they were built as outhouses but it can put off potential buyers as it doesn’t align with modern design preferences. DON'T MISS:Mum transform bathroom with £52 'DIY makeover' - pictures [INSIGHT]‘Boost’ kitchen value with seven features that ‘decrease energy bills’ [COMMENT]Interior design pro shares six home decor ‘sins’ to ‘never’ make [EXPERT] Warren said: “It blurs the line between private and public spaces within the home. This impacts the overall flow and functionality of the home, which can see a decrease in property value.” With the current popularity, the absence of a walk-in shower within a home can lower its value, according to the bathroom expert. This is because showers are becoming increasingly more popular than baths, as they’re modern, quick and most cost-effective than baths. However, baths are suitable for families and so getting rid of one completely could be a huge mistake, and a red flag for buyers. READ MORE: I used baking soda to clean discoloured bathroom grout in 30 minutes Instead, many homeowners with small bathrooms opt for a shower over the bath, giving them the best of both worlds. The pro continued: “Bathrooms with a dark colour scheme or striking wallpaper won’t suit everyone’s style preferences and can create an uninviting and moody atmosphere. “Potential buyers may also think these design choices are a way to hide dirt and mould.” When designing a bathroom, opt for something neutral to help add light to the space and keep it looking fresh. A kitchen is another important room in the home, and can often make or break a house sale as it is a space where the family can cook, eat and even work from. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea According to Melissa Klink, Creative Director, Harvey Jones, there are certain mistakes which people should avoid making when renovating a kitchen. The expert said Britons should not take into account other people’s opinions when renovating a kitchen, and instead think themselves what would fit their needs. This could include the design of the kitchen, the storage space as well as the paint colours used. Melissa said: “Another mistake is trying to copy an image of a kitchen you love instead of taking influence from the essence of the picture but applying it to the specifics of your own kitchen.”