Kate, Princess of Wales, got everyone talking with her choice of accessories for the BAFTAs, most notably the long black gloves that clashed with her ethereal white gown. According to the designer of the gloves, there is a reason the royal chose to wear them, and the link they have to Queen Elizabeth II. Kate’s gloves were the Melissa Velvet Opera Glove from Cornelia James, which retail for £160. Peter James, the son of the late Cornelia James said Kate “looked terrific” at the event, adding her outfit was “so stylish”. He noted how “wonderful” it was to “see her wearing gloves - especially Cornelia James ones”. “Perhaps she will follow in the fashion of the late Queen, who always wore gloves in public,” Peter told The Daily Mail. READ MORE: Princess Eugenie and Sarah Ferguson’s engagement rings compared The gloves Queen Elizabeth II always wore were also from Cornelia James, in fact, in 1979 Cornelia James became a glovemaker ‘by appointment’ to Her Majesty the Queen. Queen Elizabeth II was rarely seen without a pair of gloves, as is detailed on the Cornelia James website: “The Queen had a style which is beyond fashion. “An abiding memory of a Royal visit is the gloved hand waving at the window of the great black car and we are proud to have provided the glove on so many occasions.” Genevieve James, creative director at Cornelia James explained the impact a pair of gloves can make on an outfit. DON'T MISS...Spain’s crackdown on ‘budget British tourists’ causing issues [NEWS]Makeup technique that distracts attention from forehead wrinkles [COMMENT]Iceland to permanently close six stores - full list of locations [NEWS] She told People: “Opera gloves are transformative; they have enormous leverage; they turn any event into an occasion and a dress into a statement.” Genevieve cited Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany’s and said to “imagine [her] without gloves” would be a woman wearing “just another little black dress”. “With the gloves, it becomes iconic and emblematic of our age - always relevant, always contemporary.” READ MORE: Princess Kate’s ‘hair rule she swears by’ according to beauty expert Her choice of accessories was not the only bold statement being made; according to a makeup artist, Kate wanted to make an impression with her hair and makeup. Laura Kay said the Princess oozed “old Hollywood glamour” for the event and she “looked more regal than ever”. The makeup artist spotted a few strategic makeup choices, noting “defined eye makeup and brows”. “We wouldn’t normally see her dramatise both her attire and makeup at once, so I think she is definitely doing so strategically,” she told The Daily Mail. Kate’s smokey eye “really stood out” and the use of a pencil or liquid eyeliner flick “widened her eyes”. To complete the look, Kate was wearing a rose gold highlighter which complimented her huge Zara earrings, and Laura said this offered a “youthful” finish. In terms of hair, Kate showcased her signature wave, which appeared “more glossy than usual”. Her hair was also tucked behind her ears and out of her face to help “show off her earrings”.