However, the second instalment has left viewers "confused" as they took to social media to complain the plot has "too many threads". The fifth Unforgotten series has also seen a dramatic change from the first four, which followed police duo Sunil 'Sunny' Khan (played by Sanjeev Bhaskar) and Cassandra 'Cassie' Stuart (Nicola Walker) as they tackled historic cases. However, Cassie was killed off in an unexpected twist in series four, so Sinéad Keenan has replaced Nicola as newcomer Jessica James. While viewers were keen to enjoy a new era of the ITV show, some have been left somewhat disappointed by the story.  The first episode saw the grim discovery of a body in a chimney in Hammersmith. Jessica was also introduced as a somewhat cold detective going through personal issues of her own. It also became clear that she and Sunny do not get along, with Jessica initially wanting to leave the cold case to be left as a mystery. The second episode revealed the dead body was that of Precious Falade. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find The team uncovered she had been a habitual drug user who was shot before her body was left in the chimney of the London house. It was also revealed that Precious' parents were the troubled couple introduced in the first episode as Dave Adams (Mark Frost) and manager Ebele Falade (Martina Laird). Two other separate strands of stories running through the episodes include one plot set in Paris and a drug-using couple in London. Jay Royce (Rhys Yates) stopped at nothing to maintain enough money to support his girlfriend Cheryl's (Hebe Beardsall) all-consuming drug habit. In France, Karol Wojski (Max Rinehart) seemed to be going through his own dramas, with his girlfriend Elise (Holly Aird) going through a messy divorce. There are still four episodes left to tie everything together, but it seems some fans might be losing patience. While the stories are bound to make sense at some point, some viewers struggled to keep pace with the different angles. Several took to social media to see if others agreed that the plot was a bit too complex.  Don't miss... Coronation Street fans 'work out' Tracy Barlow will turn to murder  [THEORY] Prince Harry 'won't return to UK' since finding 'genuine happiness' [LATEST] Jeremy Vine blasted for not challenging caller’s ‘hateful’ remarks [REACTION] Twitter user @MarinaSofia8 wrote: "I don't often say this but: Too many separate storylines and I'm a bit lost. #Unforgotten." @sfiandercomms echoed this, sharing: "So many different threads #Unforgotten." @curlytopsmac added: "#Unforgotten lots of interesting threads to start with. It will be fascinating to see how they all come together." @michaeldh20 simply stated: "Confusing #Unforgotten," while @sparkysue asked: "Was #unforgotten always this confusing at the start?" "Thought I'd catch up on #Unforgotten. Found myself a bit confused," @KateWharton27 agreed. @Harry_Palmer1 found other features of the series hard to follow, adding: "#Unforgotten am I the only one who despairs at the constant use of phone messages? "My TV isn't big enough for them and they flash in and out of s**t too quickly. #ITVUnforgotten." Unforgotten continues on Monday at 9pm on ITV or can be watched in full on ITV Hub.