Hair expert Nicole Petty from Milk + Blush exclusively told Express.co.uk that an "unsuitable or dated haircut can age your appearance". Women over 50 should make sure they get the right haircut for their face shape, which can take "years off the face". She explained that when visiting the salon, the hair stylist should advise what cut will look best based on the face shape. For oval and heart-shaped faces, a pixie style with longer layers and short bangs will "help add length and dimension". Square faces will look better with longer, wispier bangs and light layers to "soften angular features". Diamond-shaped faces, on the other hand, "look fabulous" with longer pixies and bangs that sit flatter to the head. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims  Finally, round faces are more suited to pixies "with plenty of volume at the crown of the head". In terms of hairstyles, a modern pixie cut is a "very bold choice" but a perfect option for women over 50. This is because it "can help to accentuate facial features, remove weightiness from thick hair and add texture and fullness to fine or thinning hair". To create a more "sophisticated yet youthful look", women should also ask their hairdresser for well-blended highlights to add dimension and texture. Don't miss... Kate will 'play with children almost daily' in Windsor without nanny [ROYAL] Keep 'bags with water' in the freezer to save hundreds [FOOD HACK] Kate will ditch item of clothing as not 'appropriate' for future Queen [STYLE] Alternatively, bangs can also "make a big difference" as they "help maintain some femininity in an otherwise more masculine haircut by softening the more structured style". Adding layers will definitely give the hair more volume and create a "messy" yet very fashionable look. A layered and choppy bob is another great choice "to inject some youthfulness into their everyday look". On top of that, bobs can be "wonderfully low maintenance", but they need to be styled right. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert The hair stylist recommended asymmetrical and effortless tousled bobs for those looking to get that "youthful glow". The haircut "smooths out any harsh angles or lines that can make you look older," the expert explained. A relaxed lob, or a long bob cut, is one of the "most versatile lengths" and is great for women who struggle styling their locks, as it "can still easily be tied up and styled". Angular faces should opt for a textured lob to "soften sharp features" while rounded shapes would suit a straight lob with length around the front of the face.