Meghan Markle has been tipped to relaunch her personal blog in an attempt to better control the narrative about her and her family. Royal expert Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk. The Tig was one of the few projects she "could control wholly" and would offer a great chance to "rebrand" herself. The Duchess of Sussex's business manager renewed the trademark for The Tig in January 2022, leaving the door open for Meghan to take up blogging again in the future. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Schofield told Express.co.uk: "I think she's working on relaunching The Tig because that is the only thing that Meghan has had her fingertips on from start to finish that she could control wholly. "That was a success, and was a reflection of her capabilities and it was an independent success for Meghan. "She was really proud of that but she controlled everything and she felt it was perfect." The To Di For Daily host suggested reverting to The Tig could help Meghan reclaim the narrative after the backlash she and Prince Harry faced following the release of their Netflix documentary and the Duke's memoir. JUST IN: Prince Edward confirmed as new Duke of Edinburgh as King Charles marks brother's birthday The pair suffered a significant drop in support both in the US and the UK as they were challenged over their repeated attacks on the Royal Family. Schofield noted the Duchess of Sussex herself had voiced criticism about the six-part docuseries Harry & Meghan before its release. And the commentator said claims she had been concerned about the impact of Spare went unusually unchallenged. The royal commentator continued: "You've got a Netflix series she slightly criticized, she was clearly not thrilled with it in the way she spoke about it to Variety magazine. "We have reports that she was concerned about Spare – that was one of the rare times that report went unchallenged. READ MORE: Meghan Markle beams on LA trip hours after Archie and Lilibet titles confirmed "The Tig would be a great opportunity for her to rebrand herself, relaunch her brand independently and be that entrepreneurial woman she admires." Meghan shut down her blog shortly after her relationship with Harry became public knowledge in 2017. The platform was filled with posts about the Duchess's favourite foods and relaxation methods. And entries have since emerged showing she also commented on royal events long before she met her now-husband. DON'T MISS Meghan wore a £5,890 Chanel bag to lunch where margaritas cost £105 [STYLE] Meghan and Harry have Charles ‘over a barrel’ with Coronation RSVP [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan 'want to have their cake and eat it' over Coronation [ANALYSIS] In a recently-resurfaced 2014 post, Meghan cited the wedding of Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales in a wider discussion about the role of princesses. She wrote: "Little girls dream of being princesses. I, for one, was all about She-Ra, Princess of Power. "For those of you unfamiliar with the '80s cartoon reference, She-Ra is the twin sister of He-Man and a sword-wielding royal rebel known for her strength. We're definitely not talking about Cinderella here. "Grown women seem to retain this childhood fantasy. Just look at the pomp and circumstance surrounding the royal wedding and endless conversation about Princess Kate." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews