Liverpool's list of options to succeed Jurgen Klopp could soon start whittling down after their unpredictable season continued on Saturday. The Reds came down from the heights of their 7-0 win against Manchester United by losing 1-0 at rock-bottom AFC Bournemouth. Klopp penned a new contract until 2026 last season, potentially leaving him with three more years at the Anfield helm. However, Liverpool will need a succession plan in place to prepare for his exit or if the German coach decides to walk away sooner. And one potential replacement in Steven Gerrard could soon be off the table, though his stock is currently at an all-time low after an underwhelming spell at Aston Villa. Turkish reports claim Gerrard visited Istanbul last week to have dinner with Trabzonspor presidency favourite Ertugrul Dogan. Dogan is said to have promised the Liverpool icon the manager's job if he wins the forthcoming election as expected. It could leave Liverpool with just three realistic options capable of succeeding one of the greatest bosses in the club's history... Read more... Arsenal star Trossard says Gunners have received fresh title boost  [LATEST] The stars seem aligned for Mauricio Pochettino to return to Tottenham Hotspur at the end of the season, if not sooner. Antonio Conte's future is unclear, and Pochettino is reportedly ready for a second stint in north London after leaving Paris Saint-Germain last summer. However, he'd also serve as a worthy replacement for Klopp, and Liverpool could sway his head if they approach him with a succession plan. Thomas Tuchel has been out of work since his Chelsea sacking earlier this season, but the success he enjoyed at Stamford Bridge can't be ignored. Tuchel lifted the Champions League in his first season at Stamford Bridge, and he boasts experience at other top European outfits like PSG. And like Klopp, he also managed Mainz and Borussia Dortmund earlier in his career, so it may be fitting for their paths to cross on Merseyside. Chelsea's struggles since his departure don't exactly reflect badly, either, so he would certainly be in the frame if his German compatriot was to leave Liverpool. Don't miss... Erik ten Hag's silence is telling as Ronaldo rule risks Rashford exit [CONTRACT] Lineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [LINEKER] Arsenal star Gabriel's actions vs Fulham explain Arteta's love for him [LATEST] Despite Spain's disappointing campaign at the World Cup in Qatar, Luis Enrique remains in the elite bracket when it comes to managers in Europe. Liverpool could have a relatively free run at him, depending on when they start their search for Klopp's successor. Whether he could abandon Spain amid qualifying for Euro 2024, a tournament which he will be confident he can win, remains to be seen.