Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have confirmed their daughter Lilibet 'Lili' Diana has been christened. In the statement speaking about the happy news, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex appear to have hinted that the child has been given a new royal title. READ MORE ABOUT THE CHRISTENING HERE A spokesperson for the couple told People magazine: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." The statement suggests Lilibet is now a Princess, but the Palace have yet to confirm that the child has adopted the title. Both Lili and her elder brother Archie Harrison became eligible for a royal title following the accession to the throne of King Charles III in September. In accordance with the letters patent issued in 1917 by King George V, the children of the sovereign's sons can be styled as His/Her Royal Highness and Prince and Princess. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat However, upon the beginning of the reign of Charles, Buckingham Palace did not make any announcement regarding the titles of Prince Harry and Meghan's children. The official website of the Royal Family still refers to Archie as "Master Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor" and to Lili as "Miss Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor". But the Daily Express royal correspondent, Richard Palmer, said he understood the website will be updated to reflect the adoption of the titles. He tweeted: "I understand the royal website will now be updated to call Harry and Meghan’s children Prince and Princess now that the Sussexes have taken time to consider this and decided they want to exercise the right given to male line grandchildren of the sovereign under the 1917 letters patent." READ MORE: Prince Andrew could be banned from donning ceremonial robes Though Archie and Lilibet have now taken on the titles of Prince and Princess, they will not be given HRH status. This is because their parents Harry and Meghan are no longer allowed to use their HRH styles on an official capacity since they stepped down as senior working royals in early 2020. Speaking of the christening, a source claimed the event was attended by some 20-30 people and was celebrated at Meghan and Harry's home in Montecito, the star-studded neighbourhood of Santa Barbara. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex reportedly extended an invite to King Charles, Queen Camilla, Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales, but none of the senior royals was in attendance. Don't miss... Meghan and Harry under fire as couple deemed 'difficult to work for' [REPORT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [INSIGHT] Among those who did attend the christening were Meghan's mother Doria Ragland, Lilibet's godfather Tyler Perry and an unnamed godmother. Mr Perry, the Hollywood producer who hosted the Sussex family for a few weeks when they first relocated to California in the spring of 2020, reportedly flew in for the ceremony with a 10-person gospel choir. The source told the US publication the ceremony was followed by a reception featuring food and dancing, which even saw Archie dancing with his little sister.