Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been told that he may have his own N’Golo Kante at the club in the form of Bukayo Saka, thanks to the England winger’s infectious personality. Saka has enjoyed another standout season on the Gunners’ right flank and is one of the players most responsible for their standing at the top of the Premier League table. The 21-year-old has been celebrated for not just his on-the-field exploits which have seen the forward score nine times and record eight league assists in 24 appearances so far this campaign, as he is also a positive member of the dressing room. Saka is regularly praised by his team-mates, and several members of the England camp during the World Cup bonded with the winger. Leicester title winner Danny Simpson insists that he sees similar traits in Saka to his former team-mate Kante. “He [Kante] was one of the nicest guys I’ve ever met,” Simpson told Undr The Cosh. “Just a top human being, he would just smile and he was always happy. He didn’t sweat, he was just a machine mate. He was infectious. You know when people talk about Saka in the England team and that he’s the little brother and everything? That’s N’Golo, you just almost want to give him a cuddle.” READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final Kante has been beloved by his team-mates at Chelsea, France and previously at Leicester as his understated persona ensured that he has been warmly received in England. He has struggled to stay fit this season, however, in contrast to Saka, though both players are reportedly set to sign new contracts at their clubs. Following news that Saka’s bumper contract extension was imminent, Arteta offered an update on the negotiations. "No news on that,” Arteta said before the 1-0 win away to Leicester last week while also offering some advice to his star after being on the receiving end of many fouls this season. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp finally given chance to start quartet togetherTottenham could sign four PSG stars as owners 'plan to clear out £100m'Chelsea could sign four PSG stars with 'mass exodus on cards' “When it is done, I can tell you more but obviously we have the intention to extend the contracts of our best players and when it is done, it is great news for the club. "There is a lot of focus now on Bukayo, and we need to keep that in mind as a team with the plans that we put together, understanding what the opponents are doing, but for sure referees have their responsibilities and they have to do their jobs. If you ask him how it used to be when he was 10, 11, 12, 13, 14 - it isn't very different. “Wingers and talented players get kicked and fouled and get the demand to win games and that is the chance he has, that is his role in the team. But we have to train that and he needs to learn when to take certain balls, what to do with that ball, how to use his body, when to jump.”