Pippa Middleton held a christening for her seven-month-old daughter Rose in a local village church in Berkshire earlier this week and the Prince and Princess of Wales, Kate and William, were in attendance, the Daily Mail confirmed. Pippa Middleton and James Matthews have three children, Arthur, Grace and baby Rose, but do they have any help raising their kids? It is believed that Pippa may have hired a Norland Nanny to help, just like her sister Kate, Princess of Wales. Kate and William hired Norland Nanny Maria Borrallo when Prince George was born. Pippa and James may have opted for a Norland Nanny too, in which case the selection process would have been top secret. Norland Nanny Sarah Carpenter talked about the hiring process saying: "The whole process is very, very confidential. When we were at college, we had different numbered sets. READ MORE: Animal puzzle only people with ‘extraordinary intelligence’ can solve "And within our set, the college had probably already pinpointed a few people that they would have thought were best suited to certain jobs. "And from then on, you would never know if you were one of those people or not. Everything about Norland and everything about the way we are trained and go out into the wide world was super confidential, so there is no book of either clients or nannies," she told HELLO!. Norland Nannies attend Norland College, in Bath, for a rigorous training programme, and they can be easily identified by their iconic uniform consisting of a discreet brown dress and a brown hat. Norland Nannies, who are usually hired by the upper class and the wealthiest families in Britain, are reportedly trained to teach children eloquence, class and manners.  They are also able to teach other skills such as skiing and sailing, as well as multiple languages. Norland Nanny Claire shared her experience teaching children the adventurous sport: "A typical day might involve teaching a four-year-old beginner the basics of how to balance, stop and turn, riding the chair lift and playing in the snow. "On another day I might be tackling some of the resort’s more challenging terrain with an 11-year-old advanced skier who can ski almost as fast as me! "My Norland training has really helped me as an instructor, especially knowing what to expect of children at different ages and stages of development. Much of how I teach skiing to the youngest children is through play, which was a strong theme during my Norland training." READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Although the cost varies, it is believed a Norland Nanny's salary is around £1,500 per week but can go up to £70,000 a year, according to the official site. Parenting and relationship expert Gifty Enright commented on Pippa's new parenting dynamics and told Express.co.uk that three children "is a world away from having two" and the couple may need the help of a nanny now. She explained that prior to Rose, Pippa and James had "nearly everything set up for a family of four" so when it becomes five, "it requires a lot of ‘out of the box’ thinking when it comes to the logistics". The expert explained that the parenting style changes too and while it is possible for Pippa to believe they can split their time evenly between two kids, "when there is a third involved, there is always the possibility of one feeling left out". "It is easy for the first child to retain that special feeling of everything they do being novel for their parents, then the second child comes along and everything in terms of the workload for parents practically doubles. This can leave them heaving under the weight of their responsibilities as the novelty wears off," the parenting guru added. However, Pippa Middleton and James Matthews "are more experienced and perhaps more relaxed as parents" now, she opined. "If that child becomes their last, then it turns out to be the baby of the family and gets that special attention," the expert commented. The couple will need "to be careful to ensure that all their kids, regardless of the pecking order, get the required attention otherwise it can inform their personalities and this can be a tight rope to walk," Gifty added.