Jake Paul has addressed KSI’s verbal jabs after his recent defeat to Tommy Fury. The Problem Child claims KSI is too afraid to face him in the ring and has shrugged off his recent comments. KSI relished the downfall of his fierce rival and released a video viciously mocking him after losing to Fury via split decision last month. “Don’t mind me, just smoking on that Jake Paul pack.” KSI laughed. “Honestly, Jake Paul… trash. Tommy Fury, trash.” But Paul isn’t particularly concerned about his nemesis’ opinions. “Again, talk is cheap, because with all that talk of whatever he said, he’s still afraid to sign the contract,” said Paul on the Impaulsive podcast. “He could talk all that s***, but like, let’s go in the ring – 100 per cent, like talk that s***. Let’s sell some pay-per-views, brother. So, it’s just the ball’s in his court.” “Like I talk a lot of s***, but I, back-to-back to back, schedule these fights and go in the ring and do them – whoever it is anywhere, anytime, anyplace, I’ve backed that up and proven and shown it,” he continued. “So [KSI is] hot on Twitter. “He’s got the Twitter fingers, but when it comes actually fighting me, you have been gone, absent. Haven’t actually showed up, haven’t actually signed the contract. So talk is cheap, and let’s just hope he gets into the ring and we can settle all the s*** talk there after I go back and avenge this loss with Tommy Fury.” The pair are expected to face each other at the back end of 2023 after years of talk. KSI has already admitted that Paul is “the final boss” in his boxing career and that he will retire after the contest. MORE BOXING NEWS... All seven excuses Paul has given for loss to Fury including wet dream Usyk dumfounded Polish security as boxer drove into Kyiv during war Joshua shows true colours with personal view on Usyk defeat It is understood that both men have been locked into negotiations since early last year although contracts have still yet to be signed. KSI has requested for Paul, the slightly bigger man, to weigh in no heavier than 180lb for their contest with a 10lb rehydration clause on the day of the fight. Paul verbally accepted the terms on the condition that they up the ante and agree upon a winner takes all settlement, which was accepted by his adversary. Despite the loss to Fury, KSI remains keen on boxing Paul but has also discussed the possibility of facing TNT as well. His next bout is set to take place on May 13 against either Tyron Woodley or Joe Fournier.