London and large swathes of the UK have woken up to a heavy blanket of snow with commuters bracing for travel chaos. More snow is expected across southern England and south Wales today with scattered snow and hail showers set to hit Scotland's northern coasts as the Arctic blast intensifies. Road users are being warned of routes becoming blocked by deep snow, raising the risk of motorists getting stranded.  The Met Office has issued three yellow weather warnings, covering parts of southern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland. The conditions, attributed to an Arctic blast, are expected to bring more snow and ice throughout the UK, according to the Met Office. Its chief meteorologist, Matthew Lehnert, warned the weather could cut off rural communities in the north and impact travel over the next few days across southern England and south Wales. The Met Office has said further warnings, or updates to the current warnings, are "very likely". Mr Lehnert said: "Snow, ice and low temperatures are the main themes of this week's forecast, with the UK under an Arctic maritime air mass. Snow could lead to some travel disruption, with a chance some rural communities in the north could be cut off."   As of 7am today, National Highways issued two traffic alerts with snow affecting the south east and south west of England between noon today and 3am on Thursday with road users advised to check ahead and plan for disruption to their journeys. The second alert covers the A3 southbound in Surrey between A283 near Milford (north) and A283 near Milford (south). The southbound carriageway has been closed with a number of broken down lorries on the route. A third alert issued by National Highways covers the A35 in Dorset which is closed in both directions between the A3066 near Bridport and the A37 near Dorchester due to a collision. READ ABOUT SARAH FERGUSON REVEALING SHE HAS NOT BEEN INVITED TO THE CORONATION  Dale Hipkiss, national network manager at National Highways, has urged people to pack extra provisions in vehicles in case they become stranded. He said: "Keeping a kit of essential items like a torch and warm clothes, in your vehicle, can be vital in case you and your passengers become stranded in winter. "Freezing conditions bring so many hazards, such as snow and ice, and take every possible step to understand your journey in advance and allow lots of extra time when travelling to prepare for the unexpected."  Don't miss... Prince Harry knew naming his daughter Lilibet would 'cause trouble' [REVEALED] Prince Harry could have his 'visa revoked' after admitting using drugs [LATEST] Meghan Markle's one-word reply when asked about first meeting Kate [REPORT] The Met Office's forecast as of 7am says spells of snow will affect parts of Wales, the Midlands, East Anglia and southern England at times with snow increasingly turning to rain in the far south later. It will be brighter further north, but there will be some snow showers, mainly in northern Scotland. Tonight will see spells of sleet and snow across Wales, the Midlands and East Anglia with rain or sleet further south. It will be clearer in the north though some snow showers are forecast in the far north, according to the Met Office. Meteorologists are also warning of a small chance of long delays and cancellations to bus, rail and air travel. A yellow weather warning for snow also said there is a slight chance roads may become blocked by deep snow, with many stranded vehicles and passengers.   The Met Office also warned ice will be an additional hazard through the week as regions experience sub-zero temperatures. In some sheltered Scottish glens, temperatures were expected to drop as low as minus 15C overnight on Tuesday. The UK Health and Security Agency has issued a Level 3 Cold Weather Alert for the whole of England. The agency's head of extreme events and health protection, Dr Agostinho Sousa, said people should check on vulnerable relatives and told pensioners and anyone with an underlying health condition to heat their home to at least 18C.  Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Helen Caughey detailed weather changes over the second half of the week. She said: "Through Thursday and Friday the snow risk spreads, to central and northern areas of the UK." Ms Caughey added: "Parts of Northern Ireland, Wales and northern England are expected to see the worst of the conditions develop from early on Thursday, with parts of Scotland and northern England then seeing snow arrive through Thursday afternoon. "Snow across the northern half of the UK will persist through much of Friday, while further south, any snow will turn back to rain through Thursday afternoon and evening. "Strong winds are also expected to develop through Thursday and Friday which may create drifting snow and blizzard conditions in places." 