Police have received "multiple calls" after a person dressed up in a Ghostface costume from the horror character Scream was spotted patrolling a small city. Officers were alerted about the masked marauder on Tuesday morning.  The individual was spotted frightening passersby on a street corner in Sonoma, California. Police approached the person dressed as Ghostface. They claimed they had been hired by Paramount Pictures to promote the sixth instalment of the Scream franchise which will come out on March 10. Police said: "Thank you for everyone’s concern, it’s been addressed." JUST IN: Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction Webcam video footage obtained by NBC Bay Area showed a person dressed head-to-toe in black standing ominously on a street corner. They were said to have stood on the corner of First Street East and East Napa Strap for around 60 minutes. The original 1996 Scream movie was filmed in several locations across California, including Sonoma. Scream VI, which stars Jenna Ortega as Ghostface, follows the survivors of the 2022 movie. READ MORE: 'I smoked next to a pregnant woman at a concert - does that make me an a***hole?' However, the latest movie is not set in Westboro and instead follows the group in New York City. Courteney Cox, who plays journalist Gale Weathers, is the last of the original cast to appear in the franchise. Speaking about the film, the former Friends actor said: "I have a really good scene with Ghostface and it was amazing. "I’ve obviously been stabbed many times and all that, but this time, to work with Ghostface and not know who’s under the mask, it was really fun. Usually, by the time I’m getting stabbed, I know who it is." DON'T MISSWoman, 20, raped and strangled by gang member[LATEST]Man 'bound' woman in his van and threatened to kill her [REPORT]Plane averted after 'terrifying' close call [INSIGHT] After watching the film fully for the first time, Cox added: "I was excited, I was scared. "Even if I know every single person and what’s gonna happen and why and when, I won’t look. "It’s so realistic. And I laughed! I cared."