Tyson Fury has been compared to three iconic heavyweight boxers as the British star prepares to fight Oleksandr Usyk for the unified world championship crown. While the deal is still to be signed and confirmed, the boxers have verbally agreed a 70-30 split for the fight purse, in the Gypsy King's favour.    Fury's promoter Frank Warren has confirmed that the fight deal is close to completion after being rescued late on, and has also compared the Gypsy King to Muhammad Ali, George Foreman and Joe Frazier, while aiming a dig at fellow British heavyweight Lennox Lewis. Warren says Fury is the only heavyweight since the 'glory days' willing to fight the best in his division at their peak. He told talkSPORT: “Everyone wants to see the fight. Everybody should take their hat off to Tyson Fury because he’s the only heavyweight since those great glory days of Muhammad Ali, George Foreman and Joe Frazier that has fought the best around of the generations he’s been in." Fury has an unbeaten record of 33-0 with 24 of his wins coming by way of knockout. The Gypsy King shot to fame after beating Wladimir Klitschko in Germany to win the WBA, IBF, WBO and IBO world heavyweight titles. Fury is also unbeaten in three fights against Deontay Wilder, and beat Dillian Whyte at Wembley last year. READ MORE: Tyson Fury gives final ultimatum to Oleksandr Usyk to save fight as negotiations stall “He’s fought against Wladimir Klitschko, who was the best of his generation, went to his back yard and beat him," added Warren. "The longest reigning heavyweight in Deontay Wilder... [Fury] went to the States not once but three times and beat him. "Now he’s stepping up to the guy who has had two wins over Anthony Joshua and has three belts." Meanwhile, Lewis retired from heavyweight boxing in 2003 with a record of 41-2 with 32 of his wins coming by way of knockout.  Don't miss... Healy breaks silence on relationship status amid Haye throuple rumours [LATEST] Fury sent telling advice by dad John on Usyk negotiations  [LATEST] Ex-Joshua trainer lifts lid on serious training camp issues for Usyk  [LATEST] However, it wasn't until he was 36 that Lewis beat Tyson in 2002 and he never entered the ring with American heavyweight Riddick Bowe, who retired with a record of 43-1. “You have to take your hat off to Tyson, we talk about Lennox Lewis, but he never fought Riddick Bowe, never fought Mike Tyson until he was well past his best," added Warren. “I’m not taking anything away from Lennox - he was a great fighter. But Tyson has fought all these guys at their best.” 