A thug high on drugs robbed a man who had just withdrawn £20 from a cash machine to pay for a taxi home following a night out. Mark Robinson punched and bit the 35-year-old after trying to grab hold of his wallet, an item of sentimental value to the victim as it had been a gift from his late father.  Manchester Crown Court heard that Robinson, 37, "doesn't really remember" what happened and is "gutted" about the city centre robbery, reports Manchester Evening News. "You are right to feel gutted," a judge told him. "This is a serious offence that affected the victim very badly." After a night out with friends, the victim went to a cash machine in Manchester city centre at about 4am on Sunday, October 2 last year. As he inserted his card into the ATM, Robinson pushed in front of him and shoved him out of the way. Robinson passed him his bank card and the victim walked away. He returned a few minutes later, hoping Robinson had left, prosecutor Juliet Berry said. As he was withdrawing £20 for his taxi, Robinson appeared again and said: "You've come again, you cheeky ba*****." He tried to ignore him but Robinson then launched his attack, pushing him to the chest. "Give me your wallet," Robinson demanded. The man tried to reason with him but Robinson pushed him again, causing him to fall over. Then Robinson punched him in the face. The victim held out his wallet but grabbed onto it as Robinson went for it. Robinson then bit him on his hand. "Just go, go, go," Robinson told his victim. The robber got away with the wallet, £20 in cash and bank cards, which the victim was able to cancel before Robinson tried to use one at a nearby newsagents. Robinson was apprehended after being caught on CCTV footage. The victim, who suffered a bite mark and a cut lip, told the court he now feels unsafe and unsure as he goes about his daily life. "I don't feel I can walk to and from places without constantly being alert," he said. The wallet stolen by Robinson was of sentimental value as it was a gift from his late father. He had only started using it "as a way of being with him". "I'm still hoping to find it," he added. Before locking Robinson up for four years, the judge, Recorder Andrew Long asked his lawyer: "I don't suppose he knows where the wallet is, does he?" "I don't think so," defence barrister Graham Rishton said. Mr Rishton said that Robinson, who has 36 previous convictions, had no recollection of the robbery. He said: "The reality is this defendant doesn't really remember what took place, because he was under the influence of drugs at the time." The lawyer said Robinson was "gutted" about the incident and he "very much wishes it had hadn't happened". He said Robinson's life has been "plagued" by substance abuse and "issues with alcohol". Robinson, of Stanley Street, Cheetham Hill, Manchester, pleaded guilty to robbery and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. He was sentenced to four years in prison.