OutTV’s unapologetically ‘hypersexualised’ reality show has already become a hit amongst the LGBTQ+ community, as fans watch a group of Himbos and Daddy’s bond and find love. The first season of For the Love of DILFs has introduced plenty of tempting contestants into the mix, and adult film actress Stormy Daniels is already eager to get going on the second season. Host and adult star Daniels spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her future with Froot.tv’s addictive new reality show. “I better be [coming back]!” she said. “Do you know how f*****g p****d off I’m going to be if they did another season and I don’t get to be there? “I would rent the house across the street and throw a party every night.” Speaking before the second season was announced, she confirmed: “I hope there is. Tell everybody to write to the network and ask for it.” READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry Thankfully, the streaming platform Froot.TV has confirmed For the Love of DILFs will indeed return, and Daniels will be back to the present. The host also revealed an unexpected perk of hosting the series has already emerged while she waits to start filming again. “And you know what?” she said. “A whole bunch of hot guys who have seen the show are hitting me up, like I have some sort of casting [pull], wanting to be on it. “So unexpected positive outcome, I’m getting a lot of d**k pics from people who want to audition for season two.” “But I would absolutely protest if there’s another season and I’m not the host. I’m such a petty b***h I’d throw my own.” In a statement following the confirmation of season two, Daniels said: “I can’t wait to get back into DILF Mansion! “I love getting to be a part of what Froot.TV is doing for the queer community. I can promise season two will have a few sexy surprises.” Daniels also teased the possibility of appearing in more reality shows after making her debut for OutTV’s dating series. Don't miss... Daisy Jones and the Six fans gush over Elvis tribute [REACTION] Wednesday’s Jenna Ortega demanded bosses cut key scene [INTERVIEW] Keanu Reeves teases ‘surprise’ Yellowstone role [COMMENT] “I turn down a lot,” she admitted. “I won’t mention what I’ve turned down. But I have two on my wishlist. “One is sort of obtainable, the other is never going to f*****g happen. But I want to be one of the judges on Dragula. “The other one is, I want to be on Dancing with the Stars,” she revealed. As for her routine of choice, Daniels teased: “I know every single step to Dirty Dancing. I know all of them. Patrick Swayze was my first love.” Daniels’ reported appearance on the 2018 edition of Big Brother was “a disaster”, she admits, and she revealed she wouldn’t be interested in returning. However, her new hosting gig could very well open up more opportunities for more reality appearances as For the Love of DILFs goes from strength to strength each week. In episode five, Matt is still trying to process his feelings for newcomer Leryia while fan-favourite couple Tokeyo and Tony have a heart-to-heart, but there’ll be plenty more drama to enjoy over the coming weeks. For The Love Of DILFs is now streaming on Froot.TV.