Lionel Messi has been left a spine-chilling message by armed attackers who fired shots at a supermarket owned by his wife's family in Argentina. A local TV station has theorised that the culprits may be trying to extort money from the Paris Saint-Germain star. CCTV footage showed one of two men, who approached the scene on a motorbike, walking up to the shop and firing multiple shots into the metal shutters at around 2am on Thursday. The gunman opened fire at least half a dozen times before leaving a handwritten message at the scene. It reportedly read: "Messi, Javkin is not going to look after you." Pablo Javkin is the mayor of Rosario, the location of the attack and Messi's place of birth. The supermarket, Supermercado Unico, supposedly belongs to the family of his wife, Antonela Roccuzzo, while that particular branch is said to be managed by one of Roccuzzo's cousins. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Ten Hag had ruthless Garnacho message before West Ham win The shop is expected to remain closed on Thursday after the attack in the early hours of the morning. Messi married his wife in Rosario back in 2017 and still has a huge residence in city, fittingly named 'The Fortress'. Roccuzzo is also a Rosario native as she and Messi became an item in 2008, going on to spend most of the Argentine's career in Barcelona before his switch to PSG in 2021. The duo were present at the Best Fifa awards last week, with Messi picking up the top prize. READ MORE...Man Utd walk the walk as Ten Hag reminded of key quartet vs West HamLiverpool youngsters in heated brawl as Ben Doak gets 'bloody lip'Klopp has Liverpool trump card as Luis Diaz set to make 'real impact'  The 35-year-old was recognised as the men's player of the year for the second time since the award's inception in 2016, beating PSG team-mate Kylian Mbappe and Real Madrid star Karim Benzema to the accolade. Messi is beginning to thrive in Paris and he was lauded for the starring role he played in Argentina's World Cup triumph late last year. "It was a crazy year for me," said the former Barcelona star. "I could fulfil my [World Cup] dream after fighting for it for so long. And in the end it happened, and it was the most beautiful thing of my career. It’s the dream of every player, but very few can achieve it, so I’m thankful to God for being able to do it."  Speculation continues to swirl on where Messi's next challenge could lie, with his PSG contract due to expire at the end of the season. Signing renewed terms at the Parc des Princes is not out of the question, although some expect him to start afresh. Moves to MLS outfit Inter Miami and Rosario-based side Newell's Old Boys had both been suggested, but the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner has supposedly ruled both moves out amid a desire to stay in Europe.