A mother and eight-year-old son from Lincolnshire both died after a crash last September, an inquest heard. The hearing was told Vivien Radocz, 28, lost control of the car while travelling with her son Milan. The pair were found submerged in a pond at the side of a road on a sharp bend near to RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire.   Vivien's partner, Zsolt Puter was found dead just over a month later, on November 30, 2022, however, the cause of death is currently unknown. An inquest into his death has been scheduled. Zsolt was planning to propose to Vivien the following weekend, before tragedy struck, it was revealed today. Paramedic Daniel Green, who gave evidence to the inquest at Peterborough Town Hall, said: "When Vivien was removed from the water, she was placed on the road, and resuscitation attempted for 20 minutes, but it was unsuccessful. Death was confirmed at 7.42pm at the scene." READ MORE: Queen Maxima copies Kate's 'Queen-appropriate' accessory Don't miss... Border staff stretched thin as agents sent north to cover 'weak point' [INSIGHT] Man and woman charged with murder over death of one-year-old boy [UPDATE] Mexico border kidnapping: Two Americans found dead, two alive [REVEAL] At the time of the accident, Vivien's mother Tunde Radoczne and her partner Sandor Burai spoke out about the tragedy. Sandor said: "We still can’t believe it. Every time we pass her house we check to see if her car is there. "Since Milan was born, he was Vivien’s life. Everything was about him and she worked so hard to give him as much as she could. "He also loved his grandmother and they had such a close relationship. "They would meet or talk on the phone every day and when we had been on holiday he was always excited to see what we had brought home for him.   "Even the smallest thing would make him happy because it was from her. He was so full of life and had a really big heart. He once promised that he would buy us a new car when he was bigger." The pair have since moved back to Hungary. Vivien moved from Debrecen, Hungary, to the UK seven years ago. Milan's grandparents also added the youngster enjoyed playing in paddling pools, playing on his PlayStation, baking and cycling. The eight-year-old also loved spending time with his friends. Vivien, who lived of Stamford, reportedly turned down a promotion at McDonald's in order to spend more time with her son.    Milan was due to start in Year 4 that week. Executive headteacher of the primary school Fiona Griffiths said: "The St George’s School community was shocked and saddened to hear of the tragic deaths of Milan and his mum, Vivien. "Milan loved spending time with his classmates, who will miss him dearly. Milan had a winning smile, was full of fun, with a great sense of humour and a kind heart. "He enjoyed being outside and spending time in forest school, developing his passion in wildlife club where he would care for the minibeasts, building them homes and taking care of their needs. "This was the Milan we all knew and loved and he will continue to have a special place in our hearts.     "His classmates have been drawing and writing about the things he loved and, in the coming weeks, the whole school will join to celebrate his life. "Members of our church community have been in school to support the children and staff during this difficult time and will continue to do so into the future. "Although the next few weeks may be sad for many of us, we will continue to work together to help each other." In a touching gesture, family and friends raised nearly £7,000 for Vivien and Milan's funeral costs.  