The musician released numerous songs, such as Let Me Be There (1973) and Magic (1980). Yet in 1992, when Olivia released the music video for I Need Love, she discovered a lump in her breast. Sharing her experience to the Daily Mail in June 2010, Olivia said: "In June 1992, I discovered a lump in my breast." Doing the best thing for her health, she told her doctor and had a health check-up. "A subsequent mammogram, ultrasound and a needle biopsy proved negative," Olivia revealed. "But my instinct said it still didn't feel right, so I had a lumpectomy. I then got the news that it was cancer." Olivia promptly had a partial mastectomy and breast reconstruction, followed by a year of chemotherapy. READ MORE: Five sensations indicative of a 'dangerous' blood clot in the leg - 'get help' /latest/cancer Describing the health scare as "very traumatic", the performer "needed counselling afterwards". Cancer Research UK highlights the signs and symptoms of breast cancer to be aware of. Breast cancer symptoms: Don't miss... Five tell-tale signs of 'silent killer' cancer to spot, doctor shares [SYMPTOMS] Woman, 30, hit with cancer after spotting warning sign on her tongue [CASE STUDY] Plastic containers may leak chemicals linked to cancer to food - study [RESEARCH] After Olivia's first encounter with cancer, she was in remission for 20 years. Then in 2013 she quietly fought another breast cancer battle, which she revealed on the Australian news show Sunday Night in 2018. The performer shared how she had found a lump on her right shoulder following a minor traffic accident that year. The National Breast Cancer Foundation encourages all women to check their breasts once a month. READ MORE: Prioritise 3 types of food in your diet to aid sleep - 71% of Britons not sleeping enough How to do a self-breast examination In the shower, you can use the pad of your three middle fingers to press down along the breast and armpit to feel for any lump, thickening, or hardened knot. Alternatively, you can check your breasts in front of the mirror by raising your arms high overhead. "Look for any changes in the contour, any swelling, or dimpling of the skin, or changes in the nipples," the National Breast Cancer Foundation notes. "Next, rest your palms on your hips and press firmly to flex your chest muscles... "Look for any dimpling, puckering, or changes, particularly on one side." While early diagnosis can mean earlier treatment and a better outlook, cancer can continue to return. In 2017, Olivia had been diagnosed with stage four breast cancer that had spread to her back, Women's Health reported. On August 8, 2022, Olivia Newton-John passed away at the age of 73.