Emmerdale took an unexpected turn on Friday night, when Sam Dingle (played by James Hooton) pulled down in trousers in The Woolpack. The Home Farm groundsman decided to overshare with his friends and family when they gathered together for a lock-in at the pub. Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) wanted everyone to put on a united front in a bid to get Paddy Kirk (Dominic Brunt) to talk about his mental health. Sam made his admission when Paddy made a joke about him being in his dressing gown playing darts. "Do you want to see something really weird?" he said to his fellow villagers. "I found this lump thing," he continued as Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) hit back: "Sam, seriously. "You should have come to me. Where abouts?" READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers The Dingle favourite proceeded to pull down in trousers in front of everyone. "You won't be able to see it from there," he told a concerned Liam. "Said the bishop to the actress," Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw) joked as Jimmy King (Nick Miles) scolded: "Not appropriate, Bob." "Right, so where exactly should I be looking?" Liam asked Sam. An embarrassed Sam replied: "The left one. No, my left, not yours. "Do you need me to move anything out of the way?" After inspecting further, Liam confirmed to Sam it looked like "a nasty boil", telling him: "Come to the surgery tomorrow and we'll get that drained for you." Sharing his concerns, Sam added: "It was stressing me out, I was starting to think it was something serious." Don't miss... The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION] Fiona Bruce defended as host slammed over domestic abuse remark [VIDEO] Gary Lineker steps back from Match of the Day after tweet backlash [LATEST] Despite Liam telling Sam it was just a boil, some fans believe it could be something more sinister. Taking to Twitter to share their theories on Sam's storyline, @RyanTheSoapking shared: "OMG Sam has found a lump." @Matt528chap added: "Another unexpected moment-this time with Sam finding a lump!" While @LeroyStHillwell tweeted: "What did Sam just show Liam? #Emmerdale." "Wasn’t expecting that from Sam #emmerdale," user @zakbrownz wrote. "Omg Sam #emmerdale," @mattheweg_ said as @suzysasha commented: "#Emmerdale Oh my gosh Sam!!" Praising the episode, @1965KarenK stated: "#Emmerdale OMG Absolutely brilliant. Sam's boil. Wonderful. Take note men. TALK. Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.