A Briton has taken to Twitter after being left disappointed with their Full English breakfast while staying at Alton Towers. Cooked breakfasts are a popular dish in the UK, with there being some debate as to what makes it a real fry-up. But there was no debate about this fry-up as users mocked the "disgusting" meal a holidaymaker was given. The unknown person had claimed the meal was served at the Alton Towers Theme Park Hotel in Stoke-on-Trent. It was branded a "travesty" as people took a particular interest in the plastic cup holding the baked beans. Served in a cardboard takeaway container, the room service breakfast also included a few rashers of bacon, two sausages, a fried egg, and a hash brown. The English Breakfast society - a voluntary organisation "dedicated to the history and tradition of the full English breakfast" recently tweeted a snap of the offending breakfast, leaving a number of their followers feeling utterly repulsed. The society, which goes by the username @FryUpSociety, tweeted the pic directly at Alton Towers, enquiring: "Is it true that this is your room service delivered full English breakfast in your hotel? Can you not give them plates?" A number of cooked breakfast aficionados have not held back on giving their verdict, however, practically turning the fry-up into a full-blown roast with their scathing critiques, reports the Mirror. One foodie shuddered: "No no no, not how you serve any breakfast never mind the breakfast of champions and then beans in a mug, missing ingredients, dodgy-looking sausages. A travesty." Another wrote: "If ever we needed proof that the world is slowly coming to an end… this could be it. No tomatoes. No brown sauce. No turnips. Pitiful if true. And an abhorrent insult to the majestic world-famous English fry-up."  READ MORE: Newly-wed couple left devastated after guests did not show for wedding A third simply called it "disgusting". A spokesperson for Alton Towers' official food and beverage provider said: "We are disappointed with the standard of breakfast experienced in this isolated incident by one of the Treehouse guests in January. "It fell short of our usual standards. We took immediate action and worked with Alton Towers to review the room service offering to guests. "Breakfast is available to all Treehouse guests at any of the restaurants on site. As an alternative option, room service is also available for breakfast which some guests find more convenient. "Following a full review carried out in January, a new continental breakfast offering is now available for guests availing of the service." They continued: "The new breakfast hamper for Treehouse guests includes a range of fresh fruit, cereals, milk, a loaf of bread, a selection of juices, a range of pastries, an assortment of jams and marmalades, as well as yoghurts, all delivered in a wicker hamper with linen napkins. "All hot breakfast options continue to be served on-site in themed restaurants."  