 King Charles III could ban Prince Andrew from wearing ceremonial robes at the Coronation ceremony in May. The occasion will be a designated “Collar Day” which means members of the Order of the Garter may wear the regalia and collar signifying the British orders of knighthood they belong to. But do you think the Duke of York should be allowed to wear ceremonial robes for the occasion? Vote in our poll.  Andrew holds the position as a Knight of the Garter but may be asked to wear a lounge suit after he was stripped of his military appointment Colonel of the Grenadier Guards following an out-of-court financial settlement with Virginia Giuffre over sexual assault allegations which he vehemently denied. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Buckingham Palace said in a statement at the time: “With the Queen’s approval and agreement, the Duke of York’s military affiliations and royal patronages have been returned to the Queen. The Duke of York will continue not to undertake any public duties and is defending this case as a private citizen.” Andrew is said to be furious over whether or not he can wear the velvet robes and insignia denoting his position. A source told The Mirror that the King’s brother has been “left completely in the dark” over his ole and required dress for the Coronation, despite others being informed ahead of time. READ MORE: Prince Andrew could be banned from donning ceremonial robes The royal insider added: “Andrew is furious. He’s already not playing a part and now he feels he is being disrespected and dictated to over something he is fully entitled to (wear).” Andrew was also banned from wearing his military uniform at Queen Elizabeth II’s state funeral last September. Working members of the Royal Family wore their uniform at five ceremonial events during the national mourning period, yet Andrew and Prince Harry both wore morning suits. So what do YOU think? Should Andrew be banned from wearing his ceremonial robes at the Coronation? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below. IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE POLL BELOW, CLICK HERE