Graeme Souness confronted Sky Sports colleague Gary Neville after Liverpool's stunning 7-0 demolition of Manchester United after his fellow pundit allegedly said the Reds "didn't play well" off air, following the full-time whistle. The former Liverpool midfielder seemingly took issue with the "daft remark" as he outed the former United right-back and asked him to explain his comments.  Jurgen Klopp's rampant and ruthless side carried out a one-sided demolition job to inflict unexplainable misery on their rivals courtesy of braces from Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez, Mohamed Salah and one goal from Roberto Firmino. And remarkably, Neville allegedly declared that he didn't even feel as though Liverpool played well - pointing towards Manchester United's shambolic collapse as the main reason behind the jaw-dropping result. Souness said: "Can I just go back to the start. Gary put it on me at the start of the show and I said I thought Liverpool would win well today, comfortably. "Gary said off-air that he felt Liverpool 'played badly' today." READ MORE: Liverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumes Neville then jumped in, adding: "I didn't say that. I said first-half Manchester United were the better team, second half it was a capitulation." Souness responded: "So that has nothing to do with Liverpool playing well?" To which Neville replied: "I don't think Jurgen Klopp when he analyses that game tomorrow will say 'we're back' - I don't think he will be getting carried away off the back of that. "We're not talking about getting carried away, we're talking about playing well." DON'T MISSRaphael Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful actions after Liverpool collapseLiverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumesMan Utd may have already found their next Alejandro Garnacho after stunning debut Neville was on the back foot and fired back in the direction of Souness and Jamie Carragher: "Look at them, gloating like two children." Souness retaliated with: "You just can't come out with a daft remark that Liverpool didn't play well today." Carragher then threw in his two pence, adding: "But did Liverpool play well today?" But Neville wasn't prepared to admit Liverpool were at the top of their game, responding: "They played alright in the second half, they won the game 7-0. Well done, congratulations. My point is, it becomes a Manchester United story. When a team plays that badly, it becomes about them." The tension continued between both halves of the studio as Kelly Cates tried to referee the former Liverpool stars and Neville as they came to blows in semi-serious fashion. Speaking after the match during his co-commentary, Neville declared his frustration at the performances of United's so-called senior players - laying into Bruno Fernandes for his lack of responsibility and leadership. "I never had them down as title contenders," Neville ruled. "They have built up real trust but this is out of character. Hopefully, it is a one-off. "This is a sore one. You don’t lose 7-0 as a Manchester United player. "That first 40 mins was a classic away performance. The second half has been an absolute disgrace, a shambles, epitomised by captain Bruno Fernandes who has been embarrassing at times. "It's not their usual spirit and Ten Hag will deal with it very quickly."