FIA President Mohammed Ben Sulayem's son, Saif, has passed away following a traffic accident in Dubai on Tuesday. His death has been confirmed by the FIA and the Ben Sulayem family has requested privacy at this time.  Local newspapers have reported his passing and announced a mourning schedule as per Islamic traditions. Saif had followed his father's passion for motor racing and had started his own path as a racing driver. He competed 2016-17 UAE Formula 4 championship alongside current Formula One stars Logan Sargeant and Oscar Piastri, finishing as high as seventh in multiple events. However, he decided against pursuing his career internationally, instead deciding to remain in the Middle East. His Instagram also shows that he shared his father's passion for fast cars. He has posted multiple pictures of Bugatti Veyrons, McLarens and old rally cars as he travelled around the world with his father.  Mohammed Ben Sulayem took over as President of the FIA in 2020, inheriting the position from former Ferrari boss Jean Todt. Before that, he had forged a successful career as a rally driver and is considered to be one of the most prominent motorsport figures in the Middle East. He helped oversee a restructuring within the FIA in recent years but will take on a less hands-on role in the day-to-day running of Formula One this season. However, he will still be present at Grand Prix this year and was in Bahrain for the opening race of the year. Former Ferrari engineer Nikolas Tombazis will take over much of the running as Single Seater Director after a slight restructure at the top of the FIA.  Speaking on the changes in January, Ben Sulayem said: “We have dedicated a lot of time and effort to making significant, informed changes to our Formula 1 team to create the right structure with the right people to oversee the future regulation of the sport. "By developing and empowering people within our organisation, as well as bringing in expertise and experience from the outside, I am confident that we are in the best position possible to move forward together with our partners at FOM and the Formula 1 teams.” 