Prince Harry, despite his plangent complaints about his upbringing, most definitely knows how to behave courteously. Yet the Sussexes have deliberately decided to let their invitation to the Coronation go unanswered. As a stickler for perfect manners, Diana would have been appalled.  Ordinary citizens throughout this green and pleasant land have already responded to requests for the pleasure of their company at luncheons, buffets and drinks receptions to mark the celebrations. My delightful chums the Langdons were kind enough to include me in their extravaganza and my grateful thanks and gleeful anticipation of a right royal knees-up have already been exuberantly expressed. We don’t need prolonged exposure to Buckingham Palace protocol to grasp the basics of etiquette. I bet that if a gilt-edged invitation to a solemn and ancient ceremony – during which the blessing of the Almighty were to be solemnly bestowed upon your father’s ascension to the throne – popped through your letterbox in Montecito, California, you’d get busy with quill and parchment and use your wife’s much-extolled calligraphy skills to pen a suitably thrilled: “Yes please!”  Harry and Meghan’s behaviour in choosing to keep The King and his seating plan tsars waiting is not only unforgivably rude, but it is also unreasonable. For what, pray, is the couple waiting? After all, the normal impediments don’t apply to the Sussexes. They’ve no need to save up for economy-budget airline tickets. They can even stay at Frogmore Cottage when they get here. Childcare is already supplied by nannies. Meghan’s favourite designers will rush over with the latest eyewateringly expensive couture. So why can’t they just say yay or nay? What could the Sussexes be weighing up? What would it take for them to shift from undecided to affirmative? What better opportunity is lurking in the shadows? Come on H&M: remember your manners, do the polite thing and make up your minds.  Bless Gregg Wallace for calling out the emperor’s new clothes of the greengrocery world. Farewell to the absurdly over-priced tomato “on the vine”. How we were persuaded to fork out for withered relics of stem and stalk that were destined instantly for the bin I will never know. Gregg compares paying a premium for the vine-clad tomato to coughing up extra dosh for a dirt-encrusted potato. If there’s a silver lining to the current vegetable shortage it must be an end to our willingness to be “upsold”. There’s nothing but goodness in a wiggly carrot or knobbly potato when needs must.  Does anyone else share the dread of being a dreary disappointment when the waiter eagerly asks if you have any allergies? Responding with a simple “no” is a chronic letdown and risks a resigned shrug from the server. Are any other people-pleasers tempted to conjure a rare allergy to smoked roe or endives just to give the inquirer something substantial yet esoteric to reveal in the kitchen? Obviously, there’s nothing in the least humorous about allergies – but those of us keen to oblige can’t help feeling flops and failures when all we can provide is a piffling negative.  I don't care if Ralph Fiennes, 60 and his former girlfriend Francesca Annis, 77 are back in one another’s arms or just terrifically good chums, but it has soothed my aching heart to see former lovers revelling in each other’s company, elbows entwined, 16 years after their relationship officially ended. The pair seemed to be having a fabulous time strolling through ridiculously romantic Rome and lingering at the tomb of poet John Keats who tenderly wrote: “Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all. Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.” There’s something immensely beautiful about salvaging friendship from the shards of romantic disenchantment. Or as Instagram followers would say: “Couple goals!”  Beware snazzy designs with hard-to-spot hazards. Guests at the deluxe Atlantis The Royal mega-hotel in Dubai are toppling like skittles into the black marble water features that are artfully dotted about the jaw-droppingly glamorous lobby. One minute they’re gaping awe-stricken at the resplendent chandeliers. The next they’re up to their waists. In one weekend alone, 18 residents hurtled headlong into the troughs, thinking they were part of the flooring. Ropes and warning signs detract somewhat from the understated elegance, so staff are now deployed to warn guests of the water. I feel the proprietor’s pain. My dining table is amoeba-shaped. Curved and undulating, it boasts thin air where the surface would usually be. I cannot count the glasses and crockery shattered by unsuspecting diners. There’s surely a lesson to be learned. Dazzling on the drawing board doesn’t always equal ravishing – and practical – in reality.   What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Peep Show star Robert Webb, 50, discovered during a routine medical examination in 2019 that his heart was about to fail. Speaking from the chastening perspective of thinking he was about to die, he recalls that the only thing he cared about was love. He thought only of his wife, children, family and friends. “I wasn’t thinking about work or money or fame or concerns about status or where I fit in in the great Lego cathedral of British comedy,” explained Webb. On days when we feel beleaguered, bewildered, battered and bruised it’s tough to prioritise the important stuff. We need a brisk reminder that almost no death-bedders wish they’d spent more time at the office. Although I have a soft spot for the late poet laureate Sir John Betjeman’s final regret: “I haven’t had enough sex.” 