The New York Jets appear to be making space for four-time MVP Aaron Rodgers as they cleared salary cap space by restructuring the contracts of three players. The Jets are determined to seal a high-profile trade for the Green Bay Packers veteran after the team slipped out of playoff contention due to poor quarterback play as they laboured to a 7-10 record. Jets owner Woody Johnson - who is keen on securing a high-profile quarterback for the 2023 season - met with the Green Bay Packers quarterback in California this week, according to ESPN’s Dianna Russini.There was optimism about completing a deal with Rodgers ahead of the meeting, but the Jets front office are reportedly more confident after the encouraging sit down between the two parties. On Tuesday, Johnson, general manager Joe Douglas, head coach Robert Saleh and offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett flew to Rodgers’ native California to gauge his interest. The 39-year-old is yet to make a decision over his future after emerging from a highly-publicised four-day darkness retreat in Oregon but he is certainly open to a move to New York. While Rodgers has publicly flirted with the idea of retirement, joining another franchise and returning the Packers for a 19th season, the Jets are keen to figure out a deal. Ahead of the potential acquisition of Rodgers, the Jets cleared $15.2million in cap space by restructuring the contracts of cornerback DJ Reed, offensive lineman Laken Tomlinson and tight end Tyler Conklin. READ MORE: Lamar Jackson issued NFL warning with Colin Kaepernick comparison Rodgers signed a monster new contract with the Packers last offseason to earn $50.27m per year through the 2026 season, when he will be 43 years of age. However, his 2023 cap hit if he is traded to a new team is just $15.74m - so the Jets appear to be making room for the outspoken former Super Bowl champion. According to SNY, the trade details between the Jets and Packers have been ironed out and confirmed, with the deal hinging on Rodgers’ final decision. If he four-time MVP wants to move to New York, he’ll be sent to New York. Jets players are certainly getting excited ahead of the sensational potential move. Defensive Rookie of the Year Sauce Gardner posted a video where he was joined by Garrett Wilson - the Offensive Rookie of the Year - and Breece Hall around a fire where they burned the cheesehead Gardner donned after New York defeated Green Bay 27-10 win at Lambeau Field. Don't miss... NFL star Stefon Diggs posts cryptic tweets as trade rumours circle [LATEST] Packers' Aaron Rodgers stance after NFL star met NY Jets chiefs [LATEST] Aaron Rodgers faces Packers dilemma as NFL teams decide on star [LATEST] The trio discussed how they'd feel about Rodgers joining the team, and they are clearly excited about the prospect despite a difficult season for the signal-caller as the Packers finished 8-9 and missed the playoffs. Rodgers finished 2022 with 12 interceptions - the most he threw in a single campaign since 2008, his first year as a starter - while he also failed to post a single 300-yard passing game for the first time in his career. Ultimately, Jets fans won’t mind. The acquisition of a talent and name as great and popular as Rodgers signals an exciting new era for the green half of New York, who haven’t tasted the postseason since 2010 - the longest drought in the NFL. If Rodgers joins an exciting young core in New York, expectations will be high and a playoff berth will be considered the absolute bare minimum.