Sex/Life is back on Netflix and Billie Connelly's (played by Sarah Shahi) world was turned upside town when she divorced Cooper (Mike Vogel). She then proceeded to find out Brad Simon (Adam Demos) had since moved on. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened at the end. A heartbroken Billie eventually moved on and met Majid (Darius Homayoun), and the pair went out on a date. At first, Billie was cautious of trusting him and she became even more sceptical when she saw Brad at his restaurant. Brad was one of Majid's investors and this did not go down well with Billie. However, she was encouraged to still pursue a relationship with Majid. READ MORE: Sex/Life season 2 welcomes some new love interests to the cast Later, at Majid's holiday party, Billie discovered Brad was now married to Gigi (Wallis Day). Still, this did not stop their relationship history from getting the better of them as they continued to cross paths. In the final episode, Majid was called to an emergency at his restaurant where a fire had broken out. He confessed he wanted to be with Billie but could not be a father figure to her children. As a result, Billie broke up with him as she needed to be with someone who would accept her for her whole self. Later, after Billie had completed her dissertation, she attended Sasha's (Margaret Odette) wedding. Brad surprised her there by telling her he was no longer with Gigi. Gigi knew Brad could never love her as much as he loved Billie, and she ended up dating someone else. DON'T MISS... Luther star Andy Serkis 'wanted to turn down' Netflix roleVirgin River's Alexandra Breckenridge sparks fury with season 5 updateMeghan Markle will 'trade up' after 'burning through' Netflix millions Brad confessed he would always be Billie's and the pair ended up getting married. Billie then dropped a surprise on Brad when she revealed to him she was pregnant. Viewers will have to wait and see whether a potential third season addresses Brad's next move. As the couple continued on with their ceremony, it seems he is happy to start a family with her. The series is yet to be officially renewed but the series is known for its previous success. If it gets the green light, season three could explore some new hurdles for the couple as they take their relationship to the next level. Is starting a family the right thing for them? Or will it be the ultimate test of their new marriage? Fans of the couple are just glad to see the 'will they or won't they?' saga come to an end.  Sex/Life season 2 is on Netflix now.