A friend of the girls involved in a car crash after a night out which left three dead has questioned why it took the police so long to find them. The bodies of Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, were found in the wreckage of a white VW Tiguan in the St Mellons area of Cardiff on Monday morning – 46 hours after they were last seen. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, were found alive, but spent two days critically injured next to their friends. Tamzin Samuels, a friend of the girls, said: "I do think the police could have done a lot more in putting the helicopters out earlier. "They only posted the appeal an hour before the girls were found. We found them before the police found them - we rang the police." Ms Samuels, 20, said: "The search party found the girls before the police found the girls." Ms Samuels added: "I think that speaks volumes really, they had all that equipment, and we had cars when we were looking. "They were really popular girls, the life of the party, and it was really out of character for them to do what they did, which is why we knew something was wrong." There are also reports the site of the crash was identified by helicopter. It comes after the mother of one of those who went undiscovered for almost two days claimed the police told her to stop ringing and the group was probably hungover somewhere. Gwent Police said: "We understand how distressing it is when a loved one goes missing. We are aware of media reports regarding this, and we will be liaising closely with the families involved to find out more information and address any concerns of this nature." Meanwhile, tributes continue to be paid on social media, including from Eve's heartbroken sister, who wrote a moving message about her on Facebook. READ ABOUT EVICTED GYPSIES BLASTING A COUNCIL She said: "My beautiful little sister I've cried laughed and fought with you every week, but I've never been without you. "We always said, 'I got you always' but now I'm sat here feeling so empty because you're not here with me anymore, and I can't accept this. "I know you're safe up with there with our beautiful sister Xana but I was never ready to let you go, my body is aching without you." A friend of Eve and Darcy wrote: "I don't really have the words right now. "Darcy Ross I'm going to miss you little gypsy girl. You were one of a kind, I'm going to miss trying to 'life coach' you as you would've said. You were a real ray of sunshine especially on my bad days. "Eve Smith you were truly a beautiful young girl, who's heart was made of gold just like your sister's, give her a big hug for me and hold each other tight until the day we all have our turn and reunite."  Don't miss... Four Americans 'kidnapped' in Mexico as FBI demands safe return [REVEALED] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [LATEST] Mark Steyn's GB News show branded 'materially misleading'  [REPORT] A friend of Mr Loughlin posted: "I'm so proud of us all pulling together out there searching for our dear friends last night. "It's heart breaking what's happened to Rafel Jeanne and those two girls. My body is still shaking and I can't stop being sick the thought of them all there all of that time. "Many times I have driven past, it just makes me so sad and to how helpless our Shane Loughlin must of felt trapped inside. "Wish Sophie a speedy recovery and I send all my love and strength to all the families involved."  In its latest statement, South Wales Police said its officers are continuing to investigate the fatal collision on the A48. The force said: "Emergency services discovered a Volkswagen Tiguan vehicle at 12.15am on Monday, March 6 after the police helicopter, police and fire officers were deployed to the scene. "Formal identification has taken place this afternoon and three people who died in the collision have been confirmed as being Rafel Jeanne, aged 24, from Cardiff, Eve Smith, 21, from Newport, and Darcy Ross, 21, from Newport. "Two further people were taken to the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff where they remain in a critical condition."   Officers are now investigating the circumstances around what happened, including when the collision took place. Assistant Chief Constable Jason Davies of South Wales Police said: "Our thoughts are with the families of all those affected by this tragic incident... Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them. "To ensure independent oversight, South Wales Police has referred the matter to the Independent Office for Police Conduct, as is usual in these circumstances." 