The Prince and Princess of Wales arrived in Windsor this morning, March 1, to watch the St David's Parade. To celebrate the patron saint of Wales, Kate wore an extremely Welsh outfit - her bright red coat represented the country's national colour. Kate stood out in a bold coat by iconic British designer Alexander McQueen. The double-breasted coat is still available to buy on Farfetch for £2,990. But what stood out the most about her outfit was her brooch: pinned to her left lapel was a leek-shaped jewel. Silver in colour, the brooch glistened on Kate's coat and was a clear nod to Wales. Leeks are often associated with the nation as Welsh people traditionally ate leek soup or stew. Maxwell Stone, creative director at jewellers Steven Stone, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about Kate's brooch, and even estimated its value. He said: "Kate Middleton made a glittering tribute to Wales today by wearing a leek brooch, as she arrived in Combermere Barracks in Windsor to attend the St David’s Day Parade. "Kate’s brooch is a replica of Queen Elizabeth II’s Welsh Guards Leek Brooch, which she wore several times during her 70 year reign. "Gifted to the late monarch by Welsh Guards in 1960, the diamond brooch is identical to the cap badge of the Welsh Guards. DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] "The Princess of Wales isn’t the only royal to have sported a replica of the original brooch and Camilla wore one on her lapel last September, when she accompanied King Charles on his first trip to Wales since he acceded the throne. "Princess Diana also owned a replica of the brooch, which she wore on occasions involving the Welsh Guards. "I’d estimate Kate’s brooch to be worth £25,000." As for the rest of Kate's outfit today, she seemed to be wearing a red skirt or dress underneath her coat. READ MORE: How to look younger - 5 essential anti-aging skincare products to 'reduce fine lines' She paired this with a pair of boots and a black fascinator hat. The royal's boots were her trusty suede, knee-high Gianvito Rossi boots that she often wears for royal engagements. These were the boots the Princess wore yesterday for a slew of visits in south Wales. Gianvito Rossi, an Italian designer, is popular among British and European royal circles. Today, Kate's hair was in a rare updo, kept in place by her sophisticated black fascinator.  She also wore gloves that she rarely dons - they were leather with patterned cut-outs. After the parade, Kate and William sat for an official photo with The Prince of Wales’s company. They then met families from the Regiment, as well as a group of troops from the Fifth Royal Australian Regiment (5RAR) who are currently in the UK helping to train the Ukrainian Armed Forces. Established in 1915 by King George V, the Welsh Guards are a Light Role Infantry battalion based in Pirbright, Surrey. The guards have taken part in almost every British Army campaign since the First World War.