Patrick Christys welcomed Angela and Nina onto Monday's instalment of the GB News programme to discuss Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's eviction from their Windsor home, Frogmore Cottage. The conversation soon turned into a row between the guests after Patrick asked if Prince William did not want his younger brother around his three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis.  He began: "Angela, what do you make of the suggestion that they are not going to be keeping Frogmore Cottage because William, our future King, supposedly doesn't want Harry anywhere near the royal circle because he thinks he's a risk and he doesn't want him around the kids?" "I think that's right," the royal expert replied before another guest asked: "Around the kids, what do you mean by that?" Angela wanted to finish her point as the debate turned heated but Nina kept speaking over her. Angela added: "In an interview...In an interview...Can I say something?" READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find   Nina continued to ignore Angela's requests and told the host: "How can Harry be a bad influence on children?" "The influence would just be in terms of what he's been talking about in the press," Patrick confirmed. Finally getting a word in, Angela said: "Can I just say when his book came out he said he wanted to fix the Royal Family." "He said he knew best how to get it to run," she claimed.   "The other thing is he wants to co-bring up William's children because he doesn't want them to end up like him. "This is what he said and I think that is appalling. If someone said that about my children I wouldn't let them anywhere near them because children can be very interested in what he said." However, Nina hit back and told Angela she was suggesting Harry was a "dangerous" person around children. "I think that is accurate," Angela stated to which a furious Nina replied: "That's an outrageous thing to say."  Don't miss... Harry and Meghan 'won't appear on balcony' if they attend Coronation [LATEST] Fast food restaurant Kate Middleton ‘won’t take her children to’  [LATEST] Harry and Meghan's Frogmore eviction will 'only make things worse' [LATEST] "I think the trouble with you Angela is that the Royal Family to you is the golden goose and you are not going to kill the golden goose, you want it to keep on laying [eggs]," Nina fumed. However, Angela hit back: "Well, this is the first time you've ever met me!" The GB News host tried to mitigate the situation by ending the interview, telling them: "What a good time to end things, ladies." Viewers shared their thoughts about the debate on Twitter, with Gordon penning: "Levin is a bitter and nasty woman who has an unhealthy obsession over Harry and Meghan. This is becoming serious trolling and bullying." (sic)  Nikki Hayes said: "I cannot stand Angela Levin and wish you would not have her on your shows so often. Not a fan of Nina either but Levin detests Meghan, saw her Twitter feed during the Queen's funeral - just disgusting!" (sic) However, Sue added: "That loud-mouthed Nina is absolutely disgusting. The way she spoke to Angela was despicable!" Terry Duval raged: "Absolutely disgusting Nina, shame on you. I'm so angry, have your view but don't get personal." (sic) Patrick Christys' GB News programme airs on weekdays between 3pm and 6pm. 