Yellowstone has become one of the most-watched shows on television since it premiered in 2020. And now in the midst of its fifth season, star Ian Bohan who plays Ryan, admitted there has “been no turning back” despite originally auditioning to play the part of Jamie Dutton. Among the many Yellowstone supporting characters attempting to build a life alongside Montana's power-hungry first family is loyal Dutton Ranch hand Ryan. Ian Bohen, who reprises the role of Ryan, recently confessed that the ranch hand wasn't his first choice character to play in the critically-acclaimed drama. The revelation came during an interview with Swagger magazine after the star was asked how he landed the role in the Yellowstone series. Prior to his audition, Bohen recalled how he had already acquainted himself with the show's creator Taylor Sheridan, after appearing in the writer's other drama Wind River in 2017. Filmmaker Sheridan, who has the tendency to re-cast actors he's enjoyed working with, shared the Yellowstone script with Bohen. Recalling the first time he read the script, Bohan said: "When I read the script I knew it was as close to flawless as you can get for the start of a new saga. "It had all the makings of a project that could go on for five or six years. It was brilliantly written, so of course I wanted to do it.” With the “flawless” script in mind, the actor admitted he “originally auditioned for Jamie Dutton” who was later cast for Wes Bentley. Following his audition, Bohan recalled the call he got saying: "Hey, great job, but you're not Jamie, you’re Ryan.” To which the actor replied: "Great, who is Ryan?". Bohan then claimed directors “didn't know” what type of character Ryan was going to be. But they reassured Bohan by adding: “But if you trust us, come along on the journey, come and play, and we'll figure it out.” And since then “there’s been no turning back” for Bohan as he successfully portrays Dutton's trusty ranch hand character. The actor revealed it has been a “very special experience” playing Ryan in the western-drama. Bohen said: “The ability to play in the landscape has been my favourite aspect” when asked about what his favourite part about his character was. "It's a very special experience to have your set and playground be the mountains of Montana," the star continued. “Where you can interact with animals and livestock while also roping and performing on a 360-degree stage with the other characters.”  After the previous season, Yellowstone raked in record-breaking reviews, becoming one of the world's most-watched shows on television. Despite its success, in February Deadline reported that the show could be ending in the near future. Revealing that the series would wrap up and be replaced by a new spin-off show starring actor Matthew McConaughey. Seasons one to five of Yellowstone are currently streaming on Paramount+.