Mercedes have made a key addition to their ranks for the 2023 F1 season, and it's one likely to irk Christian Horner and Red Bull. The Silver Arrows are looking to bounce back from a difficult 2022 campaign, where they could only finish third in the Constructors' standings as George Russell and particularly Lewis Hamilton struggled for pace. In pre-season though, Toto Wolff's team was dealt a major blow when strategy chief James Vowles departed. The Englishman is now Team Principal at Williams, with Wolff later admitting: "Within our organisation, for him to move up, I would need to move aside and I feel there is something left in me that I can add or contribute." But ahead of the first Grand Prix of the season in Bahrain, Wolff has been spotted with a new colleague. On Friday morning, he was in the paddock with Red Bull’s former HR director and COO Jayne Poole, with Autosport reporting she has has been signed as a senior advisor. Poole is set to work closely with Wolff, and offer advice on infastructure and strategies for working under the budget cap. And she arrives having previously cemented a favourable reputation for herself at Red Bull. JUST IN: Lance Stroll issues worrying update during Bahrain GP practice after return from injury She previously served as a HR director and COO at the team, and was regularly seen with Horner at race weekends. And her knowledge of how the current dominant force in F1 works could give Wolff and co valuable insight as they bid to bridge the gap to their rivals. And her expertise may be needed, given how Mercedes struggled in P1 and P2 in Bahrain. In the first session, Russell and Hamilton were only 10th and 11th respectively as Sergio Perez set the pace. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton defies FIA rules with political statement during Bahrain GP practiceBernie Ecclestone fires shots at Lewis Hamilton as F1 feud continues on eve of 2023 seasonLewis Hamilton given medical exemption to get around FIA rule ahead of Bahrain Grand Prix  In P2, Hamilton made a minor improvement to rise to 8th, while Russell was only 13th quickest. New Aston Martin man Fernando Alonso was fastest from Verstappen. Hamilton has admitted this week the issue of porpoising, that plagued him for much of last year, seems to have been addressed. However, he also said he expects the team to struggle in Bahrain, saying he'll happy to simply be in contention for a podium place.