Rishi Sunak this evening insisted he is "up for the fight" against left-wing lawyers over his plans to tackle small boats. Speaking at a Downing Street press conference, the Prime Minister set out new laws to curb Channel crossings - which he said had quadrupled in the past two years. Mr Sunak said "we're up for the fight" and he is "confident" the Government will win any legal challenges to the Illegal Migration Bill. He said: "Of course we're up for the fight, I wouldn't be standing here if we weren't. But we're confident that we'll win." Suella Braverman, who earlier unveiled the plans to MPs in the Commons, has admitted the legislation may be incompatible with the European Convention on Human Rights (ECHR). On the front page of the Bill, the Home Secretary acknowledged she cannot assure Parliament that the legislation is compatible with the convention but adds that "the Government nevertheless wishes the House to proceed with the Bill". Mr Sunak said there is "absolutely nothing improper or unprecedented" about the warning. He said: "We believe we are acting in compliance with international law, in compliance with the ECHR, and if challenged, as you may well be right, we've seen in these matters we do get challenged, we will fight that hard because we believe we're doing the right thing and it is compliant with our obligations." But Mr Sunak did not rule out withdrawing from the ECHR if legal challenges stall his plan, as with the Rwanda policy. Setting out his proposals for the fresh laws on Tuesday evening, the Prime Minister said Channel migrants would be removed "within weeks". He said: "People must know that if they come here illegally, it will result in their detention and swift removal. "Once this happens, and they know it will happen, they will not come and the boats will stop. "We are introducing legislation to make clear that if you come here illegally, you can't claim asylum. You can't benefit from our modern slavery protection. You can't make serious human rights claims and you can't stay. "We will detain those who come here illegally and then remove them in weeks, either to their own country if it is safe to do so, or to a safe third country like Rwanda. "And once you are removed, you will be banned - as you are in America and Australia - from ever re-entering our country." Mr Sunak described the move as "tough" but "necessary and fair". He added: "And this legislation will be retrospective. If you come on a small boat today, the measures in this bill will apply to you." Mr Sunak also warned the UK will be "constrained" in its ability to take in genuine refugees in future if it fails in its efforts to stop the boats. He said: "Full control of our borders will allow us to decide who to help, and to provide safe and legal routes to those most in need. "I understand there will be debate about the toughness of these measures. All I can say is we've tried it every other way and it has not worked. "It's this country and your Government who should decide who comes here, not criminal gangs."  Asked if he would have failed if he had not "stopped the boats" by the next general election, the PM - who made tackling the issue one of the top five priorities of his premiership - said: "I wouldn't be standing here if I didn't think that I could deliver on this promise." But the proposals have come under intense criticism from campaigners. A record 45,755 migrants made the dangerous journey across the Channel from France last year. And more than 3,000 have already made the journey so far this year. Home Office figures show 197 made the crossing on Monday, taking the total to date to 3,150.  