McDonald's has issued a warning to customers ahead of a popular feature being axed in three weeks. Fans of the fast food giant are being urged to use the feature before it ends on March 31. From April, NHS staff will no longer be given 20 per cent off their food, in what is a major blow for those struggling to make ends meet during the cost of living crisis. The discount was set to be axed at the end of 2022, but McDonald's extended the length of time it was available to people, reports The Liverpool Echo. McDonald's began the offer in July 2021. It said it was thanking anyone working in emergency services, including the NHS, police, fire, social care sector, and armed forces, with a 20 per cent discount for NHS staff to use when purchasing food through the McDonald's app.  However, the discount will end this month on March 31. Steve Bater, spokesman at NHS Money Saving blog NHS Discount Offers, said: "We've had a good run with this deal but its a real shame that the McDonalds discount is set to end on March 31 so time is really ticking for NHS staff to get their 20% off their favourite meals." He added: "The McDonalds 20 per cent discount has been one of the most popular food discounts for NHS staff to take advantage of in the last year or so and its been a great way for NHS staff to save on their McDonalds takeaways. "The cost of living crisis continues and every little helps as we look to save money wherever we can. "It's really appreciated that McDonalds have been helping NHS staff save. "Its been a really kind gesture from the fast food giant and we appreciate them continuing to run the discount for staff until the end of this month." How NHS staff can get 20 per cent off at McDonalds: The McDonald's offer has had a mixed response on social media. While some people welcome the discount for NHS workers, others are annoyed it is not for everyone. One woman said: "What about everyone that worked through pandemic & were at risk. Education staff maybe?" Another asked: "What about social care staff?" A third Facebook user pointed out: "Always for the nhs isn’t it not other care sector staff." 