Prince Harry's choice of co-speaker has caused fury, with Holocaust survivor Gabor Maté previously labelling Hamas rockets as "heroes". Prince Harry has been urged to reconsider holding the virtual event with the "toxic trauma" doctor, over his "inappropriate" past comments. Gabor Maté previously compared Hamas to the Jewish heroes of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising against the Nazis. He also previously branded Israel's government as "terrorists". Mr Maté is set to join Prince Harry on Saturday for an "intimate" virtual conference to discuss "living with loss and the importance of personal healing". The session will also be followed by a Q&A, whereby fans were able to submit questions for the Duke of Sussex. READ MORE: Prince Harry's true response to eviction pinpointed by 'three giveaway signals' Speaking to the Jewish Chronicle, Rabbi Abraham Cooper, of the Simon Wiesenthal Centre in New York, said: "Whoever made the arrangements to have this individual appear with Prince Harry, did him no favours. "If Prince Harry knew this man's record and still chose him for the interview, our Centre would criticise the prince for such an inappropriate choice." Mr Maté, a Hungarian-Canadian physician, has a harrowing story to tell, which effectiving shaped his career. After being born in Budapest in 1944, his maternal grandparents were murdered when he was just five-months-old. READ MORE: Harry told 'there're plenty of rooms in Windsor Castle' following safety claim on Frogmore  The 79-year-old was then taken away from his mother and, until the war ended, was hidden away with an aunt. Speaking about suffering from loss, Harry opened up about the tragic death of his late mother in August 1997, when he was just 12. In his memoir, Harry desribed the immense guilt that he felt while walking outside Kensington Palace following the death of Princess Diana. DON'T MISS Almost 26 years on, Harry has claimed that "a lot of things are unexplained" about Diana's tragic death. As well as Diana, Harry also shares about Meghan's miscarriage in 2020. The 41-year-old previously opened up about the devastating experience of losing a baby just one year after the birth of Archie.