Prince Harry has been praised for not unleashing more criticism in the direction of the Royal Family in his latest interview. The Duke of Sussex has seen his relationship with his family sour after the release of his book, Spare, which included a number of damning claims about King Charles, the Queen Consort Camilla, and the Princes and Princess of Wales. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat.  But in his latest interview with trauma expert Dr Gabor Maté, it appears Harry opted for a different approach. During the event, which was a £19-per-ticket livestream, Harry opened up about his previous drug use, his time in Afghanistan and his childhood. He told Dr Maté that he always felt different from the rest of his family and that his mother, Princess Diana, felt the same. Harry candidly discussed being brought up in a "broken home" and how he had been "saved" by Meghan Markle. Analysing the interview, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told the Daily Mail: "I don't thing this will change things. "Things are bad, there is a serious rift. The best that can be said is that this didn't make things worse." He added: "There was no direct attack on the monarch and there was also, although it was all in the background - the past he was escaping from - there was no direct attack at all on any member of the Royal Family." Mr Fitzwilliams also analysed what the rest of the Royal Family would have made of the interview and said: "I think there will be a lot of relief and thanks. READ MORE: Harry defended over psychedelic drug comments despite controversy "For somebody who stresses with Mate, who stresses that the results of therapy are so positive, how and why would he account for his negativity to the royal family more publicly? Why did they launch all of these attacks on the royals? "One of the problems is he is never asked difficult questions in these interviews. "In Afghanistan he was asked how he found himself in hostile terrain. But no-one has asked him about revealing the number of Taliban he killed." And on the relationship between Harry and Dr Maté, he Mr Fitzwilliams said they shared a teacher-student dynamic. DON'T MISSGMB fans blast ITV over Prince Harry and Meghan coronation coverage [INSIGHT]Sussexes warned they're 'stuffed either way' in Coronation dilemma [ANALYSIS]Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims [INSIGHT] He continued: "He was rather like a pupil listening to a teacher. There was a giggle or laughter, and he was admiring Dr Maté's book. "It was perfectly obvious that he admires Maté but his answers were not that of a sophisticate. "Harry is trying to understand how he is exorcising his demons, but what he doesn't understand is that the toxicity he talked about and not wanting to pass it on - that is what they have been passing on since he and Meghan left the Royal Family." While Harry may have gone some way to improving relations with the Royal Family after this interview, there remain doubts over whether he will attend the Coronation of his father King Charles in May, despite receiving an official invite. Tension may also have arisen after Harry and Meghan were asked to leave Frogmore Cottage – their royal household in the UK.