Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen, 48, admitted “anything that could go wrong absolutely did” after a tough day at the farm. The mum-of-seven, who rose to fame on Channel 5’s Our Yorkshire Farm, detailed her struggles last night, confiding in her 208,000 Twitter followers. Amanda shared four photos of the drama, showing a horse and a sheep escaping from their enclosures at Ravenseat. One picture also showed two trucks stuck in the mud, while Amanda’s son worked on finding a solution. Explaining the problems, Amanda wrote: “What a day ! “Anything that could go wrong absolutely did. READ MORE... Jeremy Clarkson skewers claims he’s been ‘sacked from Millionaire’ “Bogged vehicles, escaped animals that moved quickly in wrong direction or lame ones that didn’t.  “Nothing catastrophic but nevertheless infuriating.”  Amanda concluded her tweet by adding the hashtags: “#yorkshire #shepherdess #farming.”  Fortunately for the author and TV presenter, it wasn’t long before fans sent comforting messages her way. Janet Whincup replied: “Onwards and upwards. Hope today is better.” Crediting Amanda’s son for helping out, manlygray penned: “Reuben to the rescue in his red Land Rover.” Janet Evans commented: “Such a busy time of year on the farm bet you did some cursing till you got things sorted Luv To The Owens xx.” Another fan added: “All take care ,sending best wishes,tomorrow another day x.”(sic) DON'T MISS:Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable Bangers and Cash star 'leaves wife for much younger colleague'Phillip Schofield enrages Billie Faiers by being ‘b****y to her' Luckily for Amanda, she now has an extra pair of hands to help out at the farm, as her eldest daughter, Raven, 21, has returned home.  Raven came back to Ravenseat after completing her degree studying biology at York St John University.  Amanda gushed to fans about how proud she’s feeling, after her daughter achieved a first class honours degree.  Despite being away from home for a while to pursue her academic career, Raven didn’t waste any time in helping out on the farm upon her return. Getting involved in lambing season, Amanda shared a photo of her daughter on Instagram along with the caption: "Raven is back in the thick of it this weekend.  "Everyone's hands-on getting the yows [ewes] through the pens for ultrasound pregnancy scanning.  "A lot of hands make light work. It didn't take long to get the sheep through the pens and scanned," she continued.  "A smooth operation with little stress for everyone!"