Liverpool ran riot as they hit Manchester United for seven at Anfield. The Reds were unstoppable as their north-west rivals capitulated just a week after their Carabao Cup win. Each of the front three grabbed doubles before Roberto Firmino added the gloss as Jurgen Klopp's men put in a display that will live long in the memory. Here Express Sport rates their performances with Gakpo and Salah naturally receiving high scores. Alisson - 6 Not much to do through the encounter but made two comfortable saves in the first half with the score still 0-0. One lax moment on the ball could have allowed United back into the game in the second half. A part of his game that needs to improve. Trent Alexander-Arnold - 7 Defended well on the right-hand side with Fernandes and Rashford barely getting a sniff. Virgil van Dijk - 7 Liverpool players look much more confident when he is in defence. Occasionally lost track of Rashford but his leadership is crucial to the side. Ibrahima Konate - 8 Liverpool look like a much better team when he is in the side. Keeping him fit could be crucial for Jurgen Klopp for the rest of the season. Andy Robertson - 7 Struggled with Antony at times during the first half but quickly got to grips with his opponent. Excellent ball to create the opening goal. Fabinho - 6 Took time to get going but was impressive once he did. Handled the United midfield with ease in the second half as he started to show signs of his old self. Jordan Henderson - 7 Full of positive energy in the middle of the park. Helped make Casemiro look quite ordinary. Harvey Elliott - 7 Offered more creativity from midfield than Liverpool are used to. Impressive performance and grabbed an assist for the second goal.  Mohamed Salah - 9 Was Liverpool's most dangerous attacker for most of the match and caused real problems for Shaw. Turned Martinez inside out for the third goal and scored emphatically to grab the fourth. Tap in for sixth. Cody Gakpo - 9 Took a while to get going but he was so impressive once he did. A cool and composed finish gave the Reds the lead on the stroke of half-time with his second one of the goals of the weekend after a sumptuous chip over De Gea. United will be kicking themselves that they were unable to sign him in January on the basis of this showing. Darwin Nunez - 8 A handful for the United backline and got the second goal after converting from an Elliott cross. Scored another header for the fifth. His pace and power were difficult to deal with and he is starting to build a good relationship with Gakpo and Salah.  Subs Stefan Bajcetic - 6 Roberto Firmino - 8 James Milner - 6 Diogo Jota - 6 Curtis Jones - 6