King Charles and Queen Camilla appeared in high spirits despite the presence of anti-monarchy protestors in Colchester, Essex. A group of people supporting republicanism in Britain gathered among royal well-wishers lined up to catch a glimpse of Their Majesties. The protestors, led by Republic – the UK's biggest group campaigning for the election of the next head of state – wanted to make their voice heard in the run-up to the Coronation. In one of the videos shared on Twitter showing the royals' arrival in Colchester, a protestor speaking with a megaphone can be heard asking Charles and Camilla "Why are you wasting our money?" The King and Queen did not acknowledge their presence as they stopped to speak with some of the fans and schoolchildren gathered near Colchester Castle. Moreover, the royals' spirits were likely bolstered by the support shown by fans, who covered the voice of republicans by repeatedly chanting "God save the King". More shows of support were offered by one schoolgirl, who handed Charles a drawing of him with the words "best King" written above the image, and the mayor of Colchester, Tim Young, who told the King: "Words cannot describe how much it means to us that you are here." Citing a recent poll suggesting the support for the monarchy among people aged under 45 has dropped below 50 percent, Republic CEO Graham Smith explained on Monday what his organisation wanted to achieve. He said: "We believe the British public should be asked, do you want Charles or a choice? The tide is starting to turn against the monarchy and we need a serious debate about its future." Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Warning more protests will take place over the next two months, Mr Smith added: "Republic will be protesting at the Coronation, driving home the message that this is not a national celebration, but promotion of the monarchy at huge cost to the taxpayer. The time for change is here." King Charles had already faced placard-waving protestors last month, as he visited Milton Keynes to celebrate its new city status. As he did today, the monarch stopped to speak with some fans standing near the protestors, but did not react to those calling for a republic. Charles and Camilla's visit to Colchester included a meeting at Castle Park with some of the people involved in the city status procession last year - including charity leaders, volunteers and refugees who have settled in Essex. The monarch and his wife, who donned a Fiona Clare couture coat for the occasion, later met school pupils on an educational trip to the castle, which included the viewing of artefacts. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry under fire as couple deemed 'difficult to work for' What do YOU think? Leave your thoughts in the comment section below. The royals then joined a reception to celebrate the city status of Colchester, during which they got to chat with representatives from various local organisations. Among them was Next Chapter, a domestic abuse charity supporting survivors in the local area. As Camilla has made one of the cornerstones of her work to fight domestic violence and protect its victims, the Queen Consort was surely delighted to hear more about this association. One of the highlights of the day, however, was Their Majesties' meeting with the Animal Care Team from Colchester Zoo. The King and Queen heard more about the conservation work being undertaken at the zoo, and got to reveal the name chosen for the organisation's newest addition, a white baby rhino. The animal was given the name of Dara, which means beautiful one in Swahili. Don't miss... Eugenie has already moved into Frogmore and boxed up Harry's things [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [PICS] After leaving the Castle, Charles and Camilla headed to Colchester Library to take afternoon tea with Age UK volunteers and service users. Upon their arrival at the Library, the royals were met by another group of protesters - who this time loudly booed the sovereign and his wife. Unfazed, both the King and the Queen waved and smiled in their direction before entering the building. The Queen, who champions the power of reading and works to further the levels of literacy in the country, and King Charles learned about the Library’s impact on the community through the Essex Year of Reading. Her Majesty was joined in the organisation's Literacy Corner by broadcaster and children’s author Dermot O’Leary as well as by author Frank Cottrell-Boyce, who are both local to Colchester.