A meteorologist has revealed exactly what the UK can expect this week as a bitterly cold blast puts ice on any spring-like weather. The nation and weather experts alike have been poised for a drop in temperatures in March due to sudden stratospheric warming taking place last month. The warming can cause a delayed knock-on effect on this country's climate, often causing sub-zero conditions. And this week it's all set to unravel with Met Office snow warnings covering Scotland and northern England for the next two days. Jim Dale, a senior meteorologist at British Weather Services told Express.co.uk that no part of the country would escape the bone-chilling freeze this week, with thermometers dropping on a national level. But some regions will be worse-off than others. Met Office cold weather alerts range from Level 2 to Level 3, with the north expecting to cop the brunt of the harsh weather. Southern and central parts of England are under the lower alert - which advises people to be ready for any repercussions caused by a Arctic blast and to check in on vulnerable people whose conditions may worsen because of the cold weather. Yellow weather warnings suggest the risks of snow-induced disruption which could be set to cause power outages, delays to public transport and tricky driving conditions. Mr Dale laid bare exactly what's to come. He said: "It's in the fridge freezer for us all during the course of tonight and tomorrow as the cold front dives south. Snow is coming for the north and north-east Scotland and parts of north east England. "There is some limited sleet and snow risks for the Midlands and south east later tomorrow and icy for all thereafter - especially on Tuesday morning. "Temperatures will drop to -10 to -15 for the Glens of Scotland and between -6 to -7 in the worst case for England and Wales." With the start of this week being the primary cause for concern, Mr Dale added that once the first two days are over, attentions will turn to Friday, March 10 and Saturday, March 11. READ MORE: Weather maps show wall of snow to engulf Britain in DAYS He added: "Sporadic snow showers will mainly fall in north thereafter. But then there's a big watch on Friday and Saturday as milder air into the south clashes with freezing air further north. "The battleground commences for snow but it is hard to say exactly where. My best guess is the M62 northwards but it could easily be further south." While all regions will have to contend with colder weather this week, the south east coast of England looks to come off best from the plunge in temperatures. It may see a few isolated snow showers, but weather maps show that the likelihood of anything laying is somewhat slim at the moment. The Met Office's cold health alert adds: "There is an increased confidence that a period of very cold weather will develop across the country from early next week, as a north or northeasterly airflow becomes established across the UK. The highest confidence is for northern parts where cold weather is expected to develop from early on Monday, progressing southwards through the day." "Below average temperatures are expected throughout, bringing a widespread frost and wintry showers, these frequent along exposed windward coasts along with a risk of ice hazards. "There is also a risk of more prolonged snow, perhaps due to rain pushing into the west from around midweek, although this is currently considered to be low confidence. This alert is likely to be updated and perhaps extended next week." In its blog, the forecaster added that thermometers are set to be 'below average' for at least the first half of this March. Anything beyond this remains at low confidence - but its thought with more sunlight hours, cold snaps may be shorter as the month progresses.