The police will conduct a post-mortem of the remains of the baby of Constance Marten and Mark Gordon who had gone missing. The Metropolitan police on Wednesday confirmed they have found the body of a fugitive couple's missing baby after conducting a huge search.  Speaking at Sussex Police headquarters, Metropolitan Police Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford said: “It is my very sad duty to update this afternoon, police officers searching a wooded area close to where Constance and Mark Gordon were arrested, discovered the remains of a baby. “A post-mortem examination will be held in due course. “A crime scene is in place and work at the location is expected to continue for some time. “This is an outcome that myself and that many officers who have been part of this search had hoped would not happen.  “I recognize the impact this news will have on many people who have been following this story closely and can assure them that we will do everything we possibly can to establish what has happened.” The couple disappeared in early January and were arrested earlier this week. They are being held on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter. Groups of officers from the Metropolitan Police and London Search and Rescue have today conducted sweeps of Moulsecoomb Wild Park, looking under bushes and behind trees for Constance Marten's baby.  READ MORE: ‘Baby blanket found’ in search for missing baby of Constance Marten At 7pm on Wednesday evening, Met Police Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford said remains have been found in the search for the two-month-old baby. Earlier, police were granted an extra 36 hours to question the couple. Teams are continuing to comb the area by torchlight looking for evidence, the final stages of a 55-day search that has ended in tragedy. A missing persons investigation surrounding Ms Marten and Gordon - a convicted rapist and registered sex offender - began when their car was found alight near Bolton on January 5. DON'T MISS:Sussexes said to be left in dark about Prince Andrew move to Frogmore [REVEAL]Australia reluctant to acquire British nuclear submarines [SPOTLIGHT]Young girl dies in her father's arms after suddenly falling ill [INSIGHT]  It triggered a national search and there were reported sightings in Liverpool, Essex and London, mostly limited to brief snatches of CCTV footage. Police believe they were sleeping outdoors in a tent and living off-grid, prompting fears for the health of the child in winter temperatures. The last confirmed sighting of the couple prior to their arrest was in Newhaven on January 8. Their baby was with them and alive at that time, police said previously. 