 The FTSE 100 index dipped 2.25 percent this morning but the New York Stock Exchange has just opened with a banking stock bloodbath. Shares in Western Alliance Bancorp crashed a staggering 82.55 percent, while Republic Bank plunged 76.57 percent and PacWest Bancorp fell 52.57 percent. These banks are on the frontline of the crisis and more solid banks did better with Wells Fargo down seven percent, and Bank of America and Citigroup both falling around five percent. In the UK, Standard Chartered bank is down 6.97 percent while French bank BNP Paribas has fallen 6.34 percent. Troubled Swiss bank Credit Suisse is down 11.62 percent. Now markets are holding their breath to see just how bad things will get. Even if we do get through today, that won't be the end of it. I've been looking at the history of the last great financial crisis, and it's terrifying. That disaster didn't happen overnight, but unfolded over 18 months or more. Experts kept declaring the worst was over, but it went from bad to worse. Are we in for a repeat as President Biden and financial regulators rush to assure us all will be well when in truth they have no idea?   The great financial crisis began on August 9, 2007, when French bank BNP Paribas froze three of its funds, saying it had no way of valuing the sub-prime mortgages lurking inside them, known as collateralised debt obligations. Just over a month later, on September 14, 2007, rumours swept the UK that Northern Rock was about to go bankrupt, prompting huge queues outside its branches as customers clamoured to get their money back. That was the first run on a British bank for 150 years. It wasn't nationalised until February 17, 2008. On March 14, 2008, investment bank Bear Stearns went bust but was bought out by JP Morgan. Things went quiet for a while and on May 6, 2008, US Treasury secretary Hank Paulson told the Wall Street Journal: "I do believe that the worst is likely to be behind us.” He got that wrong. On September 7, 2008, the US government was forced to bail out mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, who had guaranteed thousands of dodgy sub-prime mortgages. All hell broke loose when US banking giant Lehman Brothers went bust on September 15, 2008. That October, UK taxpayers were forced to bail out Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds TSB and Halifax-owner HBOS. Things didn't stabilise until the Bank of England and other central bankers slashed interest rates almost to zero in March 5, 2009, and printed trillions of virtual money through quantitative easing, or QE. READ MORE: House price crash should have come 20 years ago – now it’s unstoppable  As my timeline shows, these things take time. Right now, we just don't know what is going to happen. Which is what makes the crisis so terrifying. We are witnessing the unwinding of more than a decade easy money, during which time central bankers kept the economy on life support by slashing interest rates to almost zero and printing virtual money. They can't do that anymore for fear of unleashing hyper-inflation. Instead, they're hiking rates and reversing stimulus, despite the obvious chaos this is causing. Just before the crisis exploded on Friday, Martin Gruenberg, chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), said US banks and financial institutions were sitting on a staggering $620billion in “unrealised losses”. As if that wasn't bad enough, today we have another layer of volatility, thanks to Bitcoin and all the other nonsense crypto-currencies. Crypto platforms such as Sam Bankman-Fried's FTX, Silvergate and several more have gone under since the start of last year. More will no doubt follow. The good news is that regulators have worked hard since 2009 to protect our banks from the next meltdown. That meltdown is now upon us and we'd better pray the medicine works. There is no need to rush to your bank to withdraw your cash. The Financial Services Compensation Scheme will protect the first £85,000 of any savings you have with each bank (and in any case, your local branch has probably been closed). Nobody knows how bad this will get. All we can do is wait and hope. 