Russell Grant, 72, informed his 51,000 Twitter followers that an "A-Team" of doctors had removed a tumour from his brain in a major operation before Christmas. The astrologer assured his fans that he is on the mend alongside a cheerful selfie wearing his beloved Wealdstone FC shirt. He wrote: "Before Christmas I had a brain tumour removed by the A-Team Prof Pathmanban, Dr Bhalla, Dr Kearney, the caring nurses and Vicky Walsh of Alex Hospital Manchester and Dr Wilton YG Bangor. "I’m now into recovery on [Brain Tumour Day]. Thank you all." He also added links to The Pituitary Foundation and Rare Disease Day, which was held on February 28. READ MORE:Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star'  It has been reported that Russell underwent a five-hour operation to remove the tumour from his pituitary gland. He told The Mirror that the op had saved his sight as the tumour threatened to "blank out" his optic nerve. The publication added that Russell could not sneeze, blow his nose or travel for the following six months to avoid complications. Russell was inundated with support from his friends and fans. One user named Rebecca wrote: "Wishing you a speedy recovery Russell from a fellow #pituitary patient and proud ambassador of @Pituitary_org- they are amazing aren’t they?!" He then responded that he didn't inform The Pituitary Foundation because he "didn't want a fuss" The 72-year-old replied: "Tbh I didn’t tell them, I didn’t want a fuss as I’d already lost my mum. "I dealt with it thanks to advice from my amazing friend [Russell Watson] my loved ones and @brain_op and his team." DON'T MISSAngela Rippon details brutal age comment from ex BBC director-general[INSIGHT]Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house[LATEST]Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlash[NEWS] Russell sadly lost his mum, Jo, in January 2021. She died in hospital aged 93 after contracting Covid. Many others also commented on Russell's Twitter post. Anton said: "So pleased to hear you are on the mend." Karen echoed: "You’re looking good Russ. Rest up and continue with that great recovery." And Carol exclaimed: "Russell! Thank God.Sending you love. XX." Russell said he predicted a major health event three years ago but did not expect it to affect his brain. He told the aforementioned publication: "As you know I saw something pretty major coming when giving my lecture in Blackpool on December 1, 2019, so I was prepared. "I didn't shout about the growth as I’d been waiting for a knee operation which was due Easter 2020, so many of you would have presumed I was going in for that. "Covid ruined that. So it's next on my list of 'Things to do'."