Death in Paradise's latest season has come to an end on BBC One but the network has started airing repeat episodes. Viewers will see Josephine Jobert as Florence Cassell once more - a role she first played in season four. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where the star is now. The 37-year-old actress took on her first English-language role as Detective Sergeant Florence Cassell back in 2015. She was a part of the detective series up until season 11, taking a short break in 2019 for both personal and professional reasons. The actress returned for the 10th season in 2021, making her final appearance in episode four of season 11. Florence left Sainte Marie for good after saying she needed to move away for a fresh start. It seems the actress has been keeping busy since her exit. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview She is currently working on a new project called Concordia, in which she plays Mathilde. The TV series is in production, with no indication of whether UK viewers will get to see it. The star took to Instagram to provide some insight into her latest role. In December 2022 she shared a couple of photos of herself in character, saying: "Still filming this new project (for French tv)". One of the photos featured the character holding a gun, looking cautious. A fan asked: "Will this air on Acorn or Britbox?" To which she responded: "I don't think..." With this in mind, UK viewers may not get to see the actress in action any time soon. The star has also turned her attention to modelling and has featured some of her professional shoots on Instagram. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice star details private conversation with Lord SugarDeath in Paradise's Commissioner makes appearance in spin-offBeyond Paradise star Ruth Madoc was married twice before she died She has also spent some time travelling, heading to Greece on vacation last summer. The actress has been busy attending a number of events as she presented an award at the Monte Carlo festival. She said: "As a member of the jury at the prestigious Monte Carlo festival, it was such an honor to be presenting the award for best series beside the charming and charismatic @jason_priestley. "It was an amazing and unforgettable night and ceremony." When the star left Death in Paradise she shared a video on the show's official Twitter account. She said: "Well, that's it. Here we are, it's the big departure for Florence. "Some of you had already felt for a long time that this was going to happen. "So congratulations, you are the real detectives. You should come to Saint Marie to take my place."  Death in Paradise repeats on Fridays on BBC One at 9pm.