Former Manchester United star Paul Pogba has reportedly been left out of the Juventus side to face Freiburg in the Europa League on Thursday due to disciplinary reasons. The Frenchman has had a difficult few years and left Old Trafford in the summer on a free transfer, but his second spell in Serie A has not proven to be as fruitful as his first. Reporter Fabrizio Romano has claimed that Pogba has been left off of Juventus' squad list to face the Bundesliga side, though he has not picked up a new injury. The 29-year-old was said to have arrived late to meet with the team on Wednesday and has subsequently been punished by Massimilliano Allegri. The news is the latest setback for Pogba as his career has spiralled following the then-world record £89million transfer that took him to United from Juventus in 2016. Pogba had been sidelined in the summer due to a knee injury which required surgery, then he has since accumulated a further injury with a thigh muscle strain sustained in October that ruled him out of the World Cup. TOP STORY Man Utd have only three stars left from last Carabao Cup-winning team [ANALYSIS] The Frenchman’s first Serie A appearance for the Italian giants this season came at the end of February as a substitute in the 4-2 win over Torino. Pogba also came off the bench in the 1-0 defeat at Roma on Sunday, but the midfielder is yet to start a match for the Old Lady and has registered just 35 minutes of playing time under Allegri, while he will not get the chance to increase those numbers in Europe against Freiburg.  Don't miss... Man Utd have already turned down a swap deal involving Neymar [RUMOURS] Paul Pogba labelled 'big problem' by Juventus legend after skiing pic [REACTION] Juventus 'will not rip up Pogba's contract' in agreement with player [TRANSFERS] Pogba was often criticised during his time in England for his attitude, while his lack of effort off the ball was mentioned repeatedly by pundits such as Graeme Souness and Roy Keane while he was also questioned for his often-changing hairstyles at a time when his United career was at a low. Liverpool icon Souness previously called Pogba "selfish" and declared it one of the reasons why Sir Alex Ferguson was willing to let him leave for Juventus. "Pogba plays for himself, it’s all about how cool he looks, showing us how clever he is. Tottenham’s midfielders, Christian Eriksen and Mousa Dembele, were different gravy — players who keep the ball and move it quickly," Souness wrote in The Times in 2018. "I reckon Pogba’s only in the team to maintain his transfer value until United can sell him, because he doesn’t merit his place for any other reason. Perhaps we’re now seeing the selfish player Fergie didn’t fancy first time round?" 