Paddy Kirk's (played by Dominic Brunt) mental health had hit rock bottom on the latest instalment of Emmerdale. The beloved character had planned to take his own life, but he decided not to go through with it when he was found with a gun by Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) and his ex Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). Paddy now needs to focus on getting better and fans are convinced Aaron Dingle (Danny Miller) might return to the soap as his saviour. During the tragic instalment, Paddy had emotional heart-to-hearts with his loved ones, unbeknownst to them he was saying his final goodbyes. As he said goodnight to his daughter Eve, Paddy told her she "deserved better" but he "loved her more than anything". The tearful vet said: "I have to go away tomorrow. But eventually, you'll all see it's for the best for everyone." He later penned a suicide note to his father Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards) as he went missing from the village. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark Paddy was eventually found in a field by his best friend Marlon who helped convince him to put the weapon down and return to the village. While it was a huge relief Paddy made it back home in one piece, the character's dark thoughts won't disappear overnight. He's always had a close bond with Chas' son Aaron who fans believe might be able to help Paddy through this difficult time. Aaron has always seen Paddy as a father figure and he could return to the Yorkshire Dales when he learns about the vet's suicide plan.  Emmerdale viewers shared their thoughts about the heartbreaking episode on Twitter, with many calling for Aaron to return to the village to help. Naja penned: "@DannyBMiller, please come back to the village! It's breaking my heart seeing Paddy going through this alone. Paddy helped Aaron - now it's time Aaron helps Paddy #Emmerdale." Pixxalt said: "I keep saying this but if Aaron doesn't have some kind of involvement/mention in Paddy's storyline then the writers have missed a very important (and obvious) mark. #emmerdale." Sulagna added: "Paddy!! Think of Aaron. You think he is happy in a foreign land. But really he would rather be with his family #Emmerdale." DON'T MISS...Emmerdale's Paddy Kirk star addresses future on ITV soap [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale producer details one of the ‘most powerful' episodes ever  [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale to air all-male episode in wake of Paddy’s suicide storyline [INSIGHT] "Aaron would see what Paddy was doing #Emmerdale," Eli shared. Other viewers were in floods of tears watching the emotional episode play out on ITV. Emma Oldershaw said: "Well I’ve cried so much watching tonight’s episode I had to take my glasses off! This was so beautifully done. That scene with Paddy and Eve broke me. Superb from all involved and a very realistic and honest portrayal." Mike shared: "Paddy saying goodbye to Eve. It’s truly heartbreaking to see this. I know it’s not real but one man right now is going through what Paddy’s going through in real life. Never ever say soaps don’t do real life things! Men’s depression is real. #Emmerdale."  Paddy actor Dominic opened up to Express.co.uk and other media about his character's suicide attempt. He said: "I just tried my best, I don’t know. I couldn’t even let myself open a little door to the black dogs these people experience, it’s just, I was pretending. "The script and the dialogue was so good and the journey there was so clear, it was almost easy to do." The actor said he was both privileged and honoured to serve that story to ITV viewers. Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. If you have been impacted by Paddy's storyline, The Samaritans operate a free helpline open 24/7 on 116 123. 