Today, March 2, 2023, Daniel Craig turns 55-years-old. And while the star is best known for playing James Bond, he put his 007 tuxedo in the dry cleaners back in 2021 after the release of No Time To Die. Since then, he has tried to avoid talking about his successor. But he has offered them some advice - whomever it may be. Craig spoke to The Sun out about the next Bond star during the release window of No Time To Die. He opened up about the advice he would give: "There’s a couple things I’d say. One is: don’t be s**t." He went on: "I would say you have to grab it and make it your own. I hope I’ve left it in a good place and I hope the next person can just make it fly." The British star couldn't help but praise that series that he starred in for 15 years over five films: "It’s an amazing franchise. I still think there’s a lot of stories to tell." Most recently, he was quizzed once again on who will be replacing him, and he gave some surprising insight into the casting process. Craig was asked: "Who is the next James Bond?" He replied: "Like I'd know." While he seemingly doesn't know (or care) about who will be taking over as 007 in the future, he has admitted he feels strongly about the character's gender. Speaking to Radio Times, he said: "The answer to that is very simple: There should simply be better parts for women and actors of colour. Why should a woman play James Bond when there should be a part just as good as James Bond, but for a woman?" Despite his reservations about the future of James Bond, Craig was keen to make his feelings about the character known during the final shoot of No Time To Die. DON'T MISS...Next James Bond candidate Idris Elba wants to 'take over' as LutherJames Bond actor left Roger Moore in tears after tragic deathPierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable On his last day of shooting, Craig emotionally told the cast and crew of No Time To Die: "A lot of people here worked on five pictures with me, and I know there's a lot of things said about what I think about these films or all of those, whatever. I've loved every single second of these movies, and especially this one, because I've gotten up every morning and I've had the chance to work with you guys." Wiping a tear from his face, Craig added that it "has been one of the greatest honours of my life". Meanwhile, the Bond odds have become increasingly busy as many new stars join the battle. At the moment, Aaron Taylor-Johnson is at the top of the leaderboard with a staggering 13/8 on donning the tuxedo. His popularity follows rumours that Taylor-Johnson has already been screen tested as the hero. A source at the time said: "Aaron has impressed bosses so much that he has filmed one of the franchise's famous gun barrel teaser scenes, something all the actors do. That move takes him a step closer to signing a deal. Bosses at the brand were really impressed with his unique blend of acting intensity and his impressive back catalogue of action films."