An 11-year-old boy has died and four have been rushed to hospital after a fire ripped through a flat in Barking. Firefighters were scrambled early on Tuesday morning following the blaze on Stern Close. London Fire Brigade, which responded to the incident at around 3.25 am, confirmed a three-bedroom flat on the second floor of the building in Liberty Court was destroyed by the blaze. Dozens of firemen went into the building wearing breathing equipment and holding hose reels after reports of missing people. Two adults and two children escaped the flat before the fire brigade arrived and were taken to the hospital. The 11-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene. London Fire Brigade (LFB) said those in the hospital are in a non-life-threatening condition, while another man was treated at the incident by paramedics. Six fire engines and 40 firefighters from London fire stations were in attendance. The cause of the fire is being investigated by the firemen and the Metropolitan Police. The incident was declared over at 05.18 am, according to the London Fire Brigade. Police said the blaze does not appear to be suspicious at this stage. READ MORE: Police break silence after families' fury over triple fatal crash  A neighbour, who asked not to be named, told the Daily Mirror she was woken up around 3.30am by shouting. She said: "I woke up this morning and I could hear all this shouting - there was smoke everywhere. There’s a lot of kids that live in that block. It’s absolutely tragic. That poor boy." Another nearby resident said: "We heard screaming when it first happened." Leader of the Council, Councillor Darren Rodwell, said: "We are saddened by the events that took place in the early hours of Tuesday morning and our hearts go out to everyone affected. We’re aware that some residents have lost everything including their homes and possessions.  “We would like to thank members of the London Fire Brigade, other emergency services and council staff for their support in very difficult circumstances. “Nine properties have been affected by the fire, affecting a number of families. As a council, we have a duty of care to our residents and have supported a number of people, providing accommodation where it is needed and are providing ongoing help to the families in a number of ways. “Sadly, we have since been informed that a resident tragically lost their life in the fire. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family as they try to process what has happened. “London Fire Brigade has not yet confirmed the exact cause of the fire. While we await the outcome of the findings from their investigation, we will be continuing to support our residents with their needs including accommodation and emotional support.” 