TLC viewers have been keeping up to date with Tammy Slaton’s weight loss journey throughout 1000lb Sisters but the star has often kept fans updated on social media as well. In her latest clip shared on TikTok, Tammy showed off her new look after shedding the pounds, although asked fans to “excuse” the way she looked. Tammy donned a turquoise vest top for the new clip while wearing her hair tied up. Her TikTok followers will be all too familiar with her candy reviews but this time Tammy was taking a look at her freeze-dried favourites. “These are my favourite, caramel peanuts… caramel peanuts? Caramel M&Ms,” Tammy said. However, thinking she looked rather casual for the video, Tammy added: “And excuse the way I look.” READ MORE: SNL pays touching tribute to John Head as NBC show airs title card She put the M&Ms to one side as she continued: “My favourite, I already know what they taste like.” Tammy then reached for another bag of treats as she said: “Ummm, these are peanut butter and jelly salt water taffy. “I haven’t tried - I’ve tried them I believe but not freeze-dried. “So I’m gonna try one, I’ll probably have to do more than one part,” she said as she ripped the bag open. The reality TV star has regularly wowed fans with her new look after being approved for weight loss surgery on the show. After hitting her target weight, which fans saw in scenes on 1000lb Sisters, Tammy was able to get the help she needed. And Tammy has continued to smash through milestone after milestone ever since, with fans impressed she no longer needs a wheelchair or assistance standing up. Recently, fans spotted Tammy and her sister Amy beaming as they paid a trip to the Southern Indiana Combat Production HQ where Tammy stood without the need for aid. DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii's Lucy Tara irks Kensi Blye as she derails investigationVirgin River’s Lilly star shares ‘exciting news’ after Netflix exitClarkson’s Farm fans plea Pepper ‘must be protected’ after farm update In snaps shared by the organisation, Tammy and Amy could both be seen smiling while Tammy stood alongside her sibling. One 1000lb Sisters fan shared the photos on Reddit as they congratulated Tammy on the achievement. And a number of fans shared their supportive messages, including u/Leeleeflyhi who penned: “Can you imagine how much better she feels, and that’s probably why her attitude is better. “I know she still has a way to go, but what she’s already lost has to be a huge relief on her body. I’m proud of her and hope she continues on a healthier path.” “Good for her,” u/PurplePetal04 added alongside a thumbs-up emoji. Elsewhere, u/smn182189 weighed in: “Wow way to go Tammy!” While u/Bulky-District-2757 added: “I’m gonna cry. I’m too invested in her health. This is truly amazing!” 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues on Tuesday on TLC in the USA.