A year after his £24million move to Chelsea in 2004, Ivory Coast's World Cup hopes were on a knife edge against Cameroon. Drogba and co travelled to Sudan knowing that if Cameroon failed to beat Egypt, they could leapfrog them with a win of their own and qualify for the 2006 World Cup for the first time. A 3-1 win over Sudan meant Ivory Coast had done their job. But as Drogba and his team-mates huddled around a radio at full-time to hear that Cameroon had won a cheap penalty, the mood sank. That was until the spot-kick was missed, and shortly after, Ivory Coast were World Cup-bound, prompting emotional celebrations on the pitch and in the dressing room. But almost 1,600 miles away, a civil war that began in 2002 between President Laurent Gbagbo's government and Guillaume Soro's rebel faction named The New Forces of Ivory Coast continued to impact Ivorian lives. Read more... Five stars that supported Arsenal growing up including Kane and Zaha  [COMMENT] And Drogba decided to use the platform to act. In the Al-Merrikh Stadium dressing room, players huddled before a TV camera as the future Chelsea icon stood centrally with a microphone in his hand. He then produced a passionate speech that ultimately helped Ivory Coast find peace. "Men and women of Ivory Coast," he started. "From the north, south, centre, and west, we proved today that all Ivorians can coexist and play together with a shared aim - to qualify for the World Cup. "We promised you that the celebrations would unite the people - today we beg you on our knees. "The one country in Africa with so many riches must not descend into war. Please lay down your weapons and hold elections." Don't miss... Facundo Pellistri leaves Hargreaves 'amazed' but also baffled in spell [REACTION] Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [BLOG] Man Utd and Betis fans clash as riot police intervene to mar UEL win [NEWS] Ivory Coast's players responded to his cries, joyously singing: "We want to have fun, so stop firing your guns." In the following weeks and months, constant coverage of Drogba's speech after a landmark sporting moment in the country's history prompted change. It helped the north and south sides negotiate and, eventually, sign a ceasefire. Drogba retired from football in 2018 and now, aged 45, owns USL Championship club Phoenix Rising and is heavily involved in charity work. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here