Toblerone is known for its distinctive shape; a series of joined triangular prisms and lettering engraved in the crunchy honey and almond nougat chocolate. The iconic packaging sees a long triangular gold tube with a Swiss mountain depicted at one end, but with manufacturing moving to Slovakia at the end of this year, the brand is having to change its box design. Toblerone is to remove the Matterhorn mountain peak from its packaging due to Swiss marketing rules. Some of the chocolate’s production is to be moved from Switzerland to Slovakia later this year, and the confectionary will undergo a labelling revamp, its maker has said. US firm Mondelez who makes Toblerone said the image of the 14,692 ft Swiss mountain will be replaced by a more generic summit. It comes after Swizterland introduced a rule in 2017 where businesses have to show their products are sufficiently “Swiss” to claim the label. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 5 weeks with simple storage solution Studies at the time showed a Swiss association can add as much as 20 percent to the price tag of a product, or even more for luxury items. Officials said the label had been “much coveted and misused,” at home and abroad, in a way that was damaging to its credibility. Therefore, Switzerland state that national symbols are not allowed to be used to promote milk-based products that are not made exclusively in the country. Other raw food products have a threshold of at least 80 percent. Since Toberlone is moving some of its manufacturing out of Switzerland, several packagaing changes will need to be made. Don't miss... Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims [COMMENT] Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ [EXCLUSIVE] Cook ‘evenly crispy bacon every time’ with chefs unusual method [VIDEO] The new packaging is going to include a "distinctive new Toblerone typeface and logo that draw further inspiration from the Toblerone archives and the inclusion of our founder, Tobler's, signature”. Alongside a new mountain peak, the new packaging will read: “Established in Switzerland,” rather than “of Switzerland.” As for why some of the chocolate’s production is moving outside of the country, Mondelez said it’s” responding to increased demand worldwide and to grow our Toblerone brand for the future". Toblerone was first sold in 1908 in Bern, the capital city of Switzerland, but it wasn’t until 1970 that the Matterhorn’s silhouette was added to the packaging. READ MORE: Mary Berry shares buffet food recipes perfect for afternoon tea Most recently, chocolate fans will remember Toblerone changing its design of the chocolate, spacing the triangles out more in a bid to keep costs down. But after much criticism, the company reverted back to the original chocolate shape two years later, and saw the bar increase from 150g back to its original 200g. When the downsized version was first released, Mondelez International blamed a rise in the cost of ingredients and said they had to make a decision between changing the look of the chocolate bar or raising the price. Depending on where customers buy Toberlone, it is priced at a minimum of £3. It comes after one mum noticed there isn’t just a mountain printed on the chocolate box - there’s also a bear stood up on its hind legs. She tweeted: "My son had his first Toblerone today. 'What's the bear for?' Me: 'What bear?' I was today years old when I found out there's a bear in the Toblerone logo. “Toblerone comes from Bern, Switzerland. Also known as the city of bears."