The Loose Women panel erupted into chaos as the presenters argued about whether or not it was ever okay for adults to throw tantrums. While fiery Janet confessed to losing her temper in the past, Coleen Nolan argued it was unacceptable for a grown man or woman to shout and scream at someone else. As Coleen laughed at her Loose Women colleague, she received a jokey whack while the debate heated up during the ITV daytime show. The discussion came as Hollywood actor Hugh Grant admitted to having thrown a strop at a local woman on the set of his new film. He admitted he'd thought she had been an executive who should have "known better" and that there was "lots of grovelling" afterwards. Shaking her head, Coleen stated: "I do not agree with anybody, especially an adult - it's hard enough to accept it from a two-year-old, but you kind of get your head around that one. "But I don't think anybody has a right to scream and shout at another human being. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find "And what upsets me about that is he's saying, 'Oh, I picked the wrong person', so why is the executive any different? "I just think he needs to get off his high horse, to be honest with you." Janet grinned: "Well, I love Hugh Grant I won't hear a word against him..." "Well of course you do!" Coleen yelled at her famously outspoken co-star. "I think, on the plus side, he did own up and say it happened and as someone who has got a bad temper and has been accused of having a bit of a stop in the past, I don't want to be too judgemental," the journalist explained. She continued: "But it happened to me once, a bloke that I was working with who was in a senior position to me called me into his office and had a screaming fit with me that I didn't see coming, grounded a pen into a pad and then suddenly his face changed and he went, 'You can leave now.' "And I went outside that door and even tough as nails, old boot Janet Street-Porter was quaking." "Did that not then make you realise how awful it is to do that to somebody?" Coleen pointed out. DON'T MISS... Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [LATEST]Countryfile fans brand presenter 'doom lord' during 'dramatic' episode [REACTION]Coronation Street's Elaine sparks concern with Stephen engagement [SPOILER] "Yes, but... my tantrums are not that bad and I don't believe-" Janet began to argue before Brenda Edwards cut in. "No, I'm sorry, I'm not having that, I'm not having that," she remarked. As she began to voice her argument, Coleen could be seen laughing, and Janet responded by giving her a telling-off by lightly hitting her with some papers. "Will you stop?" She asked as she leaned over to hit her colleague with the documents, to which Coleen responded: "Sorry Brenda, go on." "A tantrum is an uncontrolled outburst and if you've had more than one, it's controlled and you know exactly what you're doing," Brenda stated. She went on to argue tantrums could be a red flag towards more concerning behaviours in adults. Meanwhile, Ruth Langsford explained she might be able to forgive someone for a one-off outburst with an apology but not if it became a frequent occurrence. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12.30pm on ITV.