Paul Pogba's petty comments after leaving Manchester United in the summer are biting back this season, as Erik ten Hag thrives in his absence. The French midfielder's return to Turin hasn't gone to plan, making him rue previous statements. Pogba left United as a free agent for the second time in July, re-joining Juventus on a four-year contract. After his departure, he aimed a petty dig at the Red Devils over two contracts he was offered, which were reported to be worth more than £290,000 a week - a 3.5 per cent increase on his deal at the time. The Frenchman suggested he should have been offered more and decided it was time to leave to prove this to United. He told 'The Pogmentary': "My thought process is to show Manchester [United] that they made a mistake in waiting to give me a contract. "And to show other clubs that Manchester had made a mistake in not offering me a contract." "How can you tell a player you absolutely want him and offer him nothing? Never seen that." Read more... Arsenal's clock celebration after Fulham win explained amid fan theory [EXPLAINED] However, Pogba's return to Italy has been criticised en masse, especially after Juve made him one of the country's best-paid stars. The 29-year-old has made just two appearances off the bench this season after missing 297 days through injury. But Massimiliano Allegri dropped him from his squad for last Thursday's Europa League clash with Freiburg due to disciplinary issues. And reports claim he is now expected to miss a further four weeks through a new injury, intensifying similar frustrations that caused tension in his relationship with United fans. Ten Hag responded to his exit by splashing £70million on Casemiro and luring Christian Eriksen to Old Trafford on a free transfer. Don't miss... Ex-PL ref Poll takes aim at MOTD pundits and picks Lineker successor [LINEKER] Arsenal star Trossard says Gunners have received fresh title boost  [TITLE] Erik ten Hag's silence is telling as Ronaldo rule risks Rashford exit [CONTRACT] Both have helped revolutionise the United midfield this season, immediately filling the void Pogba likely thought he was leaving behind. The Red Devils ended their six-year trophy drought at the first time of asking by lifting the Carabao Cup in February. And they remain in the FA Cup and Europa League, as well as looking good for third in the Premier League in Ten Hag's maiden campaign. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we've got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.