Prince Harry's relationship with the rest of the Royal Family is beyond repair as he "doesn't understand the damage" he has done, according to a royal expert. Tom Bower, author of Revenge: Meghan, Harry, and the War Between the Windsors, added that he believed it would not be a good idea for Harry and Meghan Markle to come to King Charles's Coronation in May as their presence risks "overshadowing" the ceremony. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Mr Bower claimed that Harry will be unable to reconcile with King Charles and Prince William as he is more concerned with "monetising his life" than getting through to his father and brother. He said: "It's too late for a reconciliation. There's no way back at all. Harry is a rather dim, unintelligent man who undoubtedly loves his life in California, and is so blinkered he actually doesn't understand the damage he's done. "That's the real curse of all this - he really doesn't see how much hurt he's created because he's so selfish, so self-indulgent. "It's extraordinary how someone can be so blind to the consequences." It is expected Harry and Meghan will fly back for the Coronation on May 6, although they have not officially confirmed this. A statement from the Sussexes concerning their invitation read: "I can confirm the Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation. READ MORE: Charles wants ‘personal role’ in Commonwealth Day as duty set to shift "An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." Mr Bower stated that Harry and Meghan coming to Westminster Abbey for the ceremony would be a bad idea for the Firm as it would draw all attention to them on the most important day of Charles's life. He continued: "It would be unfortunate if they did attend because the focus will be on them, rather than the Coronation. "The ceremony would be overshadowed by their presence. It's much better if they don't come. Don't miss... King Charles likely to completely snub Prince Harry in his will [LATEST] Sophie dazzles with Edward as couple step up in Charles's new regime [SPOTLIGHT] King Charles leads first Commonwealth Day service  [REPORT] "It would not be in any way a good idea for them to attend. They've gone so far, they've been unbelievably unfriendly." If Harry and Meghan do attend it is thought they will be seated away from Prince William and the Princess of Wales and they will not appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony with other members of the family. The Sussexes stepped down as working royals in 2020 and relocated to the US, however, they have returned to the UK for big events such as the Platinum Jubilee and the Queen's funeral. The day also falls on the same date as their son Archie's fourth birthday, although it is thought he and little sister Lilibet will not go to the Coronation.