Gary Neville has promised to don an Arsenal shirt if the Gunners run out Premier League winners this season. The former Manchester United right-back has been frequently attacked by Gunners supporters on social media during various points of the season as he continues to downplay their title prospects during his punditry work with Sky Sports. Neville has seemingly never been convinced that Arsenal have what it takes to go the distance - instead backing Manchester City to reign supreme. Arsenal fans remain incensed by Neville's stance and they are determined to see their side prove him wrong after going five points clear at the summit with a 4-0 victory over Everton. One particular support on Twitter challenged Neville to shave his head "bald" on the Emirates Stadium pitch at the end of the season for charity, should Arsenal win the title. Twitter user @KurtisEdwards1 wrote: "If Arsenal win the league @GNev2 should shave his head bald on the Emirates pitch on the last day of the season for charity." COMMENT: Ivan Toney gambling ban would solve nothing as Brentford striker victim of broken system Neville was against the idea but he did send a counter proposal, responding: "I will wear an Arsenal shirt saying champions for you my friend! But if you lose it you all grovel on here and say 'Sorry Gary'." The Sky Sports pundit has previously worn a Liverpool shirt with Xherdan Shaqiri on the back after losing a bet with Jamie Carragher - so there is every chance he would remain true to his word if the Gunners deliver their first title since 2004. Speaking during a show from The Overlap, Neville questioned Arsenal's title credentials, claiming they appear "desperate" and too emotional to withstand the pressure. He said: "It’s too much emotion, too early for Arsenal. DON'T MISSLuis Enrique appointment could help reignite careers of three Chelsea strugglersMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightLiverpool have seven names on centre-back wish-list as Chelsea and Everton stars impress Reds "To be that desperate and to celebrate that much with half the race still to go, it’s not a good thing. "After the Aston Villa game, I can understand how big of a moment it was, but that level of celebration was quite desperate, quite early. "There were a lot of celebrations at the end of the game. The emotions are something that’s a negative, it’s not a positive for me in a title race." Arsenal are now facing a favourable domestic run of four very winnable fixtures that will see them play Bournemouth, Crystal Palace and Leeds at home. The Gunners will also have to navigate a tricky away trip across London to Fulham during the season-defining run of fixtures. Speaking after the demolition of Everton, Arteta made it clear his team will have to be "relentless" with their approach if they are to stay ahead of the chasing pack. "It is something that we have to train, discuss and build," Arteta said. "It is not easy. But a lot of the time it happens through experiences and most of the time it is experiences that you don't want to go through. "The calendar, the fixtures [are] going to give you that. Sometimes you are here, sometimes you are three points, two points, minus two, it is going to happen and we have to deal with that."