 As CBS’ NCIS draws closer to its season 20 finale, the stars are lifting the lid on their upcoming roles away from the drama. This includes Nick Torres’ Wilmer Valderrama who has landed a major role in Disney plus’ Zorro.  Although NCIS recently celebrated the major milestone of 450 episodes, Wilmer will be stepping away from his high-stakes role to star in an upcoming animation. Among the many reboots, the 1919 classic swordsman Zorro will return to screens with an updated series. Deadline revealed Wilmer would star in the show and have a key role behind the cameras as the executive producer. Although Disney confirmed the production in 2021, Wilmer has recently opened up about what the reboot means to him. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find The recently confirmed showrunner Bryan Cogman took to Twitter to announce his new role with a quote from the NCIS star. Bryan shared: “This working now? If so, 3 things. “My friend @WValderrama has a deeply personal vision for this show/character and I’m honored to help him realize it. “We are EARLY DAYS. It’s in development’.” (sic)   Alongside a link to the Deadline article, he called the project: “A dream come true.” According to the publication: “The Disney plus series follows privileged caballero Diego De La Vega who returns to his hometown of El Pueblo de Los Angeles following a family tragedy. “There, he discovers a culture of corruption and injustice that will lead him to take on the mantle of the masked vigilante Zorro — America’s first true superhero.” The bold reimagining of Zorro will be a spin on the original film which saw the vigilante become a wanted criminal with a bounty on his head. DON'T MISS...Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INSIGHT]NCIS LA showrunner teases Hetty return in series finale [INSIGHT]NCIS LA series finale delayed as CBS confirms two-hour special air date [INSIGHT]  However, he was too cunning and skilled to be caught but marked his initial onto his defeated enemies. Instead, he would publicly humiliate the authorities by sending them on a goose chase. Although he was Diego De La Vega in disguise, Zorro was recognised by his signature all-black costume which featured a hat and a mask which covered the top half of his face. Because of his cunning like ability to escape without a trace, the locals began calling him “El Zorro". As an expert swordsman, Zorro was very rarely defeated and was able to get away on his trusted black horse, Tornado. So far, Wilmer is the only confirmed actor on the show, but it's yet to be seen if he will star as the legendary Zorro. However, this isn’t the only reboot for the series in the works, as The CW is developing their own adaptation with Rebecca Rodriguez starring as the female lead. NCIS season 20 returns on Monday, March 13 on CBS in the USA and the following Wednesday on Disney+ in the UK. 