Apparently people over the age of 30 are no longer relevant in the world of the state broadcaster. The marvellous Ken Bruce, a consummate professional adored by millions of listeners, has become the latest ‘mature’ star to be kicked into touch because of his age (72, since you ask, though it shouldn't matter). Ken is a brilliant broadcaster, someone you imagine is a friend, who makes you feel like he’s talking to you personally. There are very few radio stars left like that now. Indeed, none of the new cohort seem to have the ability to really connect with their audience. They all sound the same, say the same things and carry the same opinions. None of them have any character or personality to speak of. People like Ken Bruce, Tony Blackburn, Johnny Walker and David Lee Travis made today’s radio what it is, before being cruelly discarded by the BBC. Execs, who seem to have no idea about their audience, should be damned ashamed of themselves. As the majority of listeners seem to be way over 50, who the hell do the BBC think they are to be so discriminatory against older broadcasters? A spate of older presenters have recently left or announced they will be leaving the BBC, including Vanessa Feltz, Craig Charles, Simon Mayo, Steve Wright and Paul O’Grady – all to be replaced by far younger presenters like Rylan Clark and Michelle Visage. In Ken’s case it is Vernon Kay who will be taking on the show (I almost pity him for stepping into those shoes, almost). There are a lot of Ken Bruce fans out there who are going to be very sad and fed up. And will no doubt follow him to his new job at Greatest Hits Radio. Thank goodness I work for an amazing commercial company or I’d have been on the scrap heap years ago. It’s time for the BBC to be cut back to the bare bones and, as for the licence fee, well as far as I’m concerned it’s gone. With its obsession with youth, and woke culture, it’s clear the BBC is no longer representative of the majority of its viewers and listeners. As Ken Bruce moves on to one of the many successful commercial radio stations that have sprung up playing the sort of music that used to be the mainstay of Radio 2, many of his listeners will move with him. It’s almost as if the powers that be are running Radio 2 into the ground on purpose. And I can tell you from various sources that BBC bosses would love to get rid of their local stations. The upper echelons of the BBC have become a club for those people who think they know more about broadcasting than anyone else. I’ve done this job since I was 22, so almost 50 years, and I love it but I’m not an anorak. I have another life as well and I think that’s where a lot of BBC folk go wrong. It’s the management that should be putting themselves out to pasture. Not superstar presenters like Ken Bruce.