The 46-year-old star fronts true crime series Cops Who Kill With Will Mellor, which starts tonight (March 6) on Crime + Investigation with the entire series then dropping on the channel’s streaming platform Crime+Investigation Play. As the title would suggest, the programme takes a look at the rogue police officers who’ve committed heinous crimes. The first episode will look at the death of marketing executive Sarah Everard, who was raped and murdered by serving police officer Wayne Couzens in 2021. Everard was arrested under false pretences and kidnapped by Couzens before he sexually assaulted and killed her. The series premieres as Couzens was sentenced to 19 months in prison for exposing himself on three occasions with one of the incidents taking place just days before he murdered Everard. The new sentence will sit on top of Couzens’ existing whole-life sentence for Everard’s murder, which already means he will never be released from prison. Will was deeply affected by all the cases and in particular Everard’s death. READ MORE: Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series During the series, Will admitted he was left feeling sick at the moment he viewed the dash cam footage showing Everard getting into the back of Couzens’ car, knowing his status as a police officer was the only reason she’d complied with him. He spoke about how tough it was making the show, saying there were several moments which proved difficult given the troubling content. Will said: “There were some harrowing stories. Karl Bluestone because he murdered his children as well with a hammer and that stayed with me.” READ MORE: Line of Duty's Will Mellor on how true crime series compares to show He went on to say: “Because I’ve got children just trying to think about that one, the mindset of murdering your children. “He was in the pub an hour before with friends and they didn’t see any signs. “It just baffles my head about what’s going on in someone’s mind. Horrendous. “But also with the Sarah Everard case, it kept going through my mind the moment she realised something was wrong when she got in the back of his car and handcuffs behind her back. “There would be have been a moment when she must have realised, ‘There’s something wrong here.’ “And she couldn’t defend herself and we all know what he did to her and she had no means of defending herself.” Adding: “Absolute monster and that’s just stayed with me. It’s just absolutely horrendous.” Will hoped the series would spark a dialogue about these individuals but also what lessons could be learnt from these heartbreaking crimes. Don't miss... Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [LATEST] Mark Steyn's GB News show branded 'materially misleading'  [UPDATE] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [VIDEO] He said: “I was shocked by some of these cases, I didn’t know them all. I obviously knew about the Wayne Couzens and Sarah Everard case but not to the extent that I did once I started reading up on and making the series.” Will continued: “I want to use this series to try and highlight yes, these things have happened but what do we learn from it and how can we stop this from happening again. “There are some sickening cases and the Sarah Everard case was horrible because if he hadn’t been a police officer, she wouldn’t have got in his car and it’s the abuse of trust and power.” Among the police officers featured in the series are Keith Farquharson, Darren Mckie and Steven Jones, among others. Will wanted to highlight the vast majority of police officers wanted to serve the community and it was just a handful of “bad eggs” who were committing these crimes. Instead of widening the gap between the public and the police, he said he wanted the series to raise this issues and make sure lessons could be learnt from these tragedies. Cops Who Kill With Will Mellor premieres on Crime + Investigation starts on Monday March 6 at 10pm and on Crime+Investigation PLAY on March 7