Mateu Lahoz hasn't been far from controversy throughout his 15-year refereeing career in La Liga, and he also made headlines at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. This week, he will officiate one of Saudi Arabia's biggest matches featuring Cristiano Ronaldo, with who he shares history. Lahoz will be the man in the middle of this Thursday's blockbuster Saudi Pro League clash between Al Nassr and Al Ittihad. Al Nassr currently top the league with 46 points, two ahead of Al Ittihad with 11 games remaining this season. And Lahoz's appointment to oversee the title six-pointer has added an extra layer of spice, given his controversial history. Most recently, the Spaniard was heavily criticised for his card-happy performance in the World Cup quarter-final meeting between Argentina and Netherlands in December. Lahoz dished out 18 yellow cards in 120 minutes, eight a piece, before also booking Argentina manager Lionel Scaloni and coach Walter Samuel. Read more... Victor Osimhen gets the ultimate approval to join Man Utd [TRANSFERS] His performance enraged Lionel Messi, who aimed his fury at the La Liga official after full-time. The 35-year-old said: "I don't want to speak about referees because after they will sanction you. But people saw what happened. "I think FIFA must take care of this. It cannot put a referee like that for a match of such magnitude, of such importance. The referee cannot fail to be up to the task." According to Saudi media, there has been outrage among Al Ittihad supporters because of Lahoz's past relationship with Ronaldo. Journalist Manar Al-Shahenoo has claimed that the ref 'loves' the five-time Ballon d'Or winner and the duo are 'friends'. Don't miss... Hoddle singles out two Tottenham stars for criticism after Milan loss [PUNDIT] Tottenham mocked for £1bn stadium flaw as fan shares AC Milan view [WATCH] Declan Rice to Arsenal 'very realistic' as Gunners ready to go big [TRANSFERS] Several photos online show Ronaldo sharing hugs and smiles with Lahoz, but the Portuguese superstar has already mirrored Messi's ill feeling towards him in the past. In 2015, during an El Clasico between Barcelona and Real Madrid, Ronaldo raged at Lahoz, putting his hands on his private parts and shouting: "Hey, Mateu! Do you like it, huh? Do you like it?" Thursday's clash will be the third he has officiated in Saudi Arabia. He was involved in a 2-2 draw between Al-Qadsiah and Al-Hazem in the 2018/19 season. In that game, he showed eight yellow cards and three reds. He was appointed for an Al Nassr match the following campaign as they beat Al-Faisaly 2-0. Ronaldo will hope to ignore referee talk and continue his impressive start to life in the Middle East to help Al Nassr edge closer towards the title. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here