New research from InsureMyTrip has found the world’s best destinations for solo women travellers. The safest city has “stunning views”. READ MORE: Royal Caribbean tightens alcohol policy - details Dubai, part of the United Arab Emirates, was named the safest city for solo women travellers in the world. The luxury Middle Eastern destination was described as being safe for women to walk around at night. Dubai’s highest rated attraction on Tripadvisor is currently the Ain Dubai, the world’s largest ferris wheel. The impressive wheel is the city’s latest record-breaking attraction and Dubai is also home to the world’s deepest swimming pool. A tourist who went on the Ain Dubai wrote on Tripadvisor: “Incredible. Really beautiful place with stunning views! Really impressive.” Another person said: “Ain Dubai serves as a stairway to heaven. Riding it reminds me how lucky I am to see the Dubai scenery of land, water and sky.” While the majority of visits to Dubai are trouble free, tourists should be aware of some of the UAE’s rules which may be different from what they are used to. There is zero tolerance for drugs-related offences and penalties for possessing drugs can include fines and imprisonment. READ MORE: ‘Quirky’ British city is one of the world's best staycations Tourists are allowed to drink alcohol in hotels, restaurants and clubs but it is a punishable offence to be drunk in public. Women will need to dress modestly in public areas with clothes that cover the tops of the arms and legs. The Spanish capital city, Madrid, took second place in the rankings. Top attractions include the Prado art museum and the historic square, Plaza Mayor. Madrid has a busy nightlife scene and many women said they felt safe walking at night in the city. Chiang Mai in northern Thailand, took third place in the rankings. The city is famous for its incredible ancient temples. Antalya, one of Turkey’s popular beach resort areas, was named the fourth safest city for women. London ranked in place 17 on the list while Paris was the only European city to land in the bottom 10. Four American cities were also in the bottom 10. They were LA, San Francisco, Orlando and Las Vegas.