Novak Djokovic is already eyeing his next milestone after breaking the record for most all-time weeks at No 1 in the world. After surpassing Steffi Graf’s long-standing achievement by spending his 378th week at the top, the Serb was asked about his future goals and admitted that he was hoping to claim one honour that has always evaded him - an Olympic gold medal - in his bid to be crowned the GOAT of men’s tennis.  Djokovic made history on Monday as he surpassed Graf’s record of most weeks at world No 1, an achievement that came a month after he equalled long-time rival Rafael Nadal’s record of men’s singles Grand Slam titles with 22. With a long list of achievements to his name already, the Serb is now eyeing another as he was asked whether he had more desire to win the biggest titles in the sport given his recent records. “Well, desire has been always there,” he admitted. After explaining his mentality to keep setting and achieving new goals, Djokovic opened up on what exactly he wanted to tick off his list in the near future. “I still have lots of desire to break records, to play,” he added. “Every match is different, but that's the beauty of competitive tennis, is that you never know what the next day brings. So you have to figure always out the way by yourself on the court. It's kind of a little bit symbolic to life, as well. Of course, there's a team of people around you, but then you have to take responsibility for your actions.” JUST IN: Raducanu earns Indian Wells entry boost despite latest illness setback   And there was one title the 35-year-old was hoping to win in particular after being asked whether more Grand Slams or the Olympics were titles he was chasing. Djokovic continued: “I look forward to Olympics. You mentioned Olympics.” Despite having 93 career titles to his name, the world No 1 has never been able to win gold at the Olympics and his only medal remains a bronze from the 2008 Beijing Games. Since then, Djokovic has lost the bronze-medal match on two occasions in 2012 and 2021, and lost his opening match to Juan Martin del Potro at Rio 2016. DON'T MISSMedvedev shares 'respect' for opponent slammed for smashing racketsInside Patrick McEnroe's life with staggering fortune and ESPN careerAndrey Rublev reacts to outdoing Murray antics in Dubai title defence “I hope that I'll be able to play healthy for next year in Paris Olympic Games,” he said. “It's going to be played on clay in Roland Garros, so I'm familiar with those grounds. I hope, yeah, best Olympic result for me will come there.” A gold medal is one of the few things that Nadal has over the Serb in their race to be crowned the greatest of all time. Roger Federer also has a silver medal from London 2012, while the last three gold medals have gone to Alexander Zverev in Tokyo and Andy Murray in both Rio and London. 