Bruno Fernandes' bid to become permanent captain of Manchester United was plunged into doubt after he was lambasted by pundits for his behaviour and attitude as his side was thrashed 7-0 by Premier League rivals Liverpool. The 28-year-old, who deputises as captain when Harry Maguire is not in the side, appeared to push the referee's assistant during the clash at Anfield, and regularly lashed out at his teammates and opponents. It led the likes of ex-Manchester United captains Roy Keane and Gary Neville to condemn the Portuguese playmaker, with the latter describing him as "embarrassing at times". It has led to many former players calling for Fernandes to lose his place as vice-captain, calling into question his natural ability as a leader. Fernandes has long been earmarked as Manchester United's next permanent captain after storming into the side following his £67.6 million move to the northwest in 2020. But for former Arsenal playmaker Paul Merson, Fernandes deserves a second chance at staking his claim as the next leader of Manchester United because the passion he showed at least demonstrated he cared. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Merson, who captained Aston Villa and Portsmouth during his illustrious career, compared how he controlled his own emotions on and off the pitch to Fernandes. He said: "Everybody has bad days... everybody acts differently on bad days. You know, when I had bad days I went out and drank like a maniac or gambled like a maniac. "Other people have bad days, like my wife, and they cope with it. "He didn't cope very well the other day with that defeat because he hates losing. And if he could turn back time, he would probably do it differently so I hope they don't punish him that badly and take it away from him. "Being captain of Manchester United is probably the second best thing to being captain for your country — that's how big the club is." JUST IN: Man Utd stars 'have same view' as Ten Hag on sulking Bruno Fernandes Question marks over who the next Manchester United captain might be have grown in recent weeks with speculation that Maguire, no longer seen by observers as a regular in the side, could be transferred in the summer. And with Erik ten Hag implementing his own style and vision on the side, Fernandes' audition as captain could not have gone any worse as Manchester United succumbed to the joint-worst defeat in their history. Inside the club, too, rumblings over Fernandes' attitude have been brought into question, with some stars unhappy at his antics on the pitch. Tension appeared to boil in the aftermath of the loss, when Fernandes headed straight down the tunnel at full-time as opposed to applauding the Manchester United fans who stayed until the bitter end of the match. Don't miss... Ten Hag decide stances on taking Man Utd armband off Bruno Fernandes [LATEST] Man Utd's Bruno Fernandes reacts to claims he 'asked to be subbed' [ANALYSIS] Paul Scholes opposes Gary Neville over Man Utd star Bruno Fernandes [INSIGHT] His team-mate, Raphael Varane, instead took on the role of encouraging his side to show their appreciation by clapping at the away fans. Merson, though, is adamant Fernandes deserved a second shot at retaining the vice-captaincy. He added: "He made a mistake. Don't throw the book at him for one mistake. If he was going around laughing and joking, and giggling with other players, we'd have been going mad, going 'Oh my God how can he do that?' "But when people are losing and they react in that way, now we're saying the same thing again. For me, I'd give him another chance. He's worked hard to get the captaincy, so keep him as captain." Other pundits have been less understanding. Among them was Chris Sutton, the former Blackburn Rovers and Chelsea striker who won the Premier League in 1995. Appearing on BBC 5 Live's Monday Night Club, Sutton disregarded Fernandes' place on the leadership team and said the star, who has 57 goals and 50 assists in 166 games for the side, should be nowhere near the armband. He said: "There are people that are far better qualified to be captain," Sutton said. Fernandes is not their best leader. There are more suitable candidates than him, Casemiro being one... I think he should never put on the armband again for Manchester United." Sutton felt Fernandes "gave up" against Liverpool, citing an example as when Liverpool's Stefan Bajcetic easily went past the attacker, and the United player stopped as opposed to chasing after him. For Sutton "that was a standout moment", adding: "However bad United were, you cannot just let someone run away from you and give up. That's what the captain of Manchester United did - and that's a bad look. "I don't think he has any real arguments if he does get stripped of the captaincy. I think Bruno's days have to be numbered."