Sweat, dribble, makeup, skincare products and other factors can cause pillows to turn yellow. However, sweat is the main cause of yellow stains on pillows because it contains a chemical called urea which breaks down and turns into ammonia. The ammonia is what causes the yellow stains on pillows. Using pillow protectors can lessen the impact of sweat. Luckily, yellow stains on pillows can be easily removed. Fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have a free hack for removing yellow stains from pillows. Mrs Hinch has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Recently, her fans and followers have taken to social media to share their own hacks for solving common household problems like banishing stains from pillows. READ MORE: Laundry expert shares five common ‘habits’ to ‘stop’ making now On one such social media group, Facebook user Maureen Salisbury posted: “I have seen somewhere a remedy for yellow stains on pillows. Can anyone help?” The post received a plethora of suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans but the most popular solution was to put the pillow in the sun. Dorota Matuszewska said: “Someone in the group suggested to put it in the sun. Takes a bit of time, but mine is getting very white.” Grace Adamo agreed and wrote: “Sunshine. Italian mum's tried and true fixit. Don't miss... Stop cats pooping in gardens naturally using 13p kitchen staple [LATEST] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ tip to get rid of washing machine mould [LATEST] “Sometimes she would throw soapy water over it again, until she was satisfied, then rewash and dry. Yes, may take days or more, but worth it.” Shirley Keywood wrote: “Sunlight and soap for any stain and hang it in the sun. It will bleach the stain out.” The sun’s ultraviolet rays will not only whiten your pillow but kill dust mites, mildew and allergens. The sun will also help to banish odours and dampness caused by sweating. READ MORE: ‘Stubborn’ grease ‘slips off’ of oven glass when using kitchen item Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea You don’t have to hang your pillow outside in the sun, you can simply lie it flat to dry in direct sunlight indoors. Before you put it back on your bed, ensure there’s no moisture as this can lead to mould and mildew forming. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using Vanish, soda crystals, peroxide, bleach and Napisan. Elizabeth Phillips said: “Vanish.” Brenda Shaw replied to the post: “Soda crystals.” Julia Wood wrote: “Just wash them in the washing machine with your normal washing liquid or powder.” Siobhan O'Connell suggested: “Hydrogen peroxide water mix with baking soda. Soak or soak overnight in white vinegar.” Vivien Rowe replied: “Wash in a washing machine then once dried, use pillow protectors.” Marghani Joan commented: “Hot wash with bleach.” Margaret Audrey posted: “I put mine in a sink with hot water and Napisan. “Leave them for a couple of hours and they are as white as snow and stains are gone. “Rinse in the sink and then once the water is all drained, put them in the spin cycle. “Don’t wash them ever in the washing machine, I learned, it wrecks them. If there are blood stains, spray with Vanish 24 hours before soaking.”