Actress Ellen Pompeo played the Grey's Anatomy character Meredith Grey for more than 400 episodes, but fans bid a final farewell to the original Grey's Anatomy star in the most recent episode. However actress Debbie Allen is positive this won't be the character’s final time on the long-running medical drama.  Speaking with ET on the red carpet at the premiere of Creed III in Hollywood on Monday, actress Allen spoke about Pompeo's exit. The actress also addressed fans' disappointment that her departure from the show wasn't spectacular despite the character playing a massive part in the show for many years. She explained: "A lot of people have a lot to say. You know, Meredith Grey is taking a journey to another direction, [but] she's still alive." The actress continued saying: “She'll still be coming back to the show. But she is definitely taking a departure."  Allen confirmed Pompeo will return to the hit medical drama in the future saying: "The truth is, it's not her last episode." “She’s leaving Grey Sloan” referring to the famous hospital Grey’s Anatomy is set in. “Not Grey's Anatomy," she continued, possibly hinting Meredith could return to showcase her medical skills at another hospital. As Allen serves as an executive producer for the show, fans can have some trust in what the actress is claiming about Pompeo’s future.  Allen, who also stars alongside Pompeo, touched on what it was like to see lead character leave the show. She recalled it being  "a big deal”  for all of the Grey’s Anatomy cast to not have her on set everyday like normal. Although Pompeo does show her face regularly as Allen revealed: "But she's there. I mean, she's still buying food trucks for the crew. "She's still coming to judge bake-offs, she's still our number one on the call sheet," Allen added with a warm smile.  Whilst appearing on The Drew Barrymore Show, actress Pompeo revealed the reason behind her decision to leave the cast of Grey's Anatomy. The Dr Meredith Grey actress admitted playing the same role for 19 years was turning her brain into 'scrambled eggs'. The actress was “super happy” to portray her character on the long-running show, admitting she loved her experience there. Despite her love for the Grey’s character, Pompeo revealed: “It's just I gotta mix it up a little bit. I'm fifty-three, my brain is like scrambled eggs." However when it comes to Allen’s role on the long-running medical drama, things will seemingly continue as normal. Allen has played the role of Catherine Fox since season eight of Grey's Anatomy and began her role as executive producer in the twelfth season. The show is halfway through its nineteenth season with episodes premiering every Thursday on the ABC network. Grey’s Anatomy is streaming on Disney+ in the UK. 