Princess Beatrice gave birth to Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi on September 18, 2021, and was seen a few months afterwards looking as slim as ever. Dieticians spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what routine the Princess of York follows. Dr Charlotte Norton, the Medical Director at The Slimming Clinic explained: “It is likely that the Princess has a high-fibre diet consisting of foods such as avocados, berries, beans, broccoli and more. "Fibre is great for making you feel fuller for longer, which as a result, curbs snacking throughout the day. “In addition to this, stocking up healthy proteins such as lean meats, eggs and dairy boosts metabolism and a decreased appetite which aids in weight loss." Princess Beatrice lives out in The Cotswolds with Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi, 39, and their daughter Sienna.  She is likely to do a lot of country walks in the vast space out in Gloucestershire, according to an expert. Beth Davies, a post-natal and pelvic health specialist told Express.co.uk: "Princess Beatrice has been seen out walking with her husband and daughter. "Walking is a great exercise for mothers because it's low impact, low stress and often soothing for the child too. "Women return to pre-pregnancy weight at different rates. Some women may find it takes little effort whilst others find it takes longer and more effort.   "It's important to remember that baby weight (which is made up of more than just the weight of the baby) doesn't disappear as soon as the baby is born. "Post-baby weight loss can be affected by so many factors; hormones, the amount of weight gained in pregnancy, pre-pregnancy health, good nutrition, genetics and support. "As a member of the Royal Family, it's likely Princess Beatrice has access to a high level of support. "Possibly someone to ensure she is eating healthily and providing time for her to do some light exercise following birth." READ MORE: Kate ‘steers away from coat dresses’ now like Crown Princess Mary  Sarah Campus, the founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS, also spoke to Express.co.uk about Princess Beatrice's diet. She said: "It is very clear from Princess Beatrice’s postpartum journey that she also has the essential determination and balanced approach to food for getting her ‘body back’. "Her body never actually went anywhere except to grow a baby and actually come back stronger as a result. "The most important thing is consistency. Consistency in terms of carrying out a structured return to exercise programme that is safe for postpartum, concentrating on the core, and pelvic floor before introducing weights.  "As previously mentioned she will also have a colourful and balanced nutrition plan whereby she is getting enough lean quality protein, carbohydrates, vitamins and healthy fats in each and every meal and is eating enough. "There is the common misconception that you need to remove certain food groups. "But this is completely wrong - it is all about balance and colour, having enough fibre and essential vitamins. "Not only this but it seems that Princess Beatrice has support which allows her to get quality sleep which is also a very essential part of postpartum recovery." 