Chelsea star Mason Mount has been told of two players that could hinder a potential move to Liverpool this summer, after negotiations regarding a new contract at Stamford Bridge had reportedly been paused. The England midfielder hopes to be paid in line with the club’s vast number of new signings and become one of their top earners having turned down a new deal and discussions are now set to resume at the end of the season. Mount has less than 18 months left on his current contract with Chelsea, while there have been rumours that if a new deal cannot be thrashed out in the summer then the Blues will look to sell the 24-year-old. Mount will not be short of suitors if he opts to leave his boyhood club, with Liverpool said to be one of the teams leading the race for his signature and the likes of Newcastle and Manchester United also credited with an interest in the Chelsea man. Former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino feels, however, that both Mohamed Salah and Luis Diaz would be blocking Mount’s path should he make a move to Merseyside. The talkSPORT pundit believes that Newcastle would make more sense and Mount could link up with free agent in the summer Wilfried Zaha. "It comes down to Mason and if he really just wants to stay at Chelsea and sit on money and find himself in and out of a team, because that's where he is at the moment. Does that sit well with him? Probably not,” Cascarino said. "I'm not quite sure where he's going to play at Liverpool. Is he going to play at the top of a three behind the centre-forward whether that's [Darwin] Nunez this season? He's not going to play on the right because that's for Salah, Diaz will come back, and he's on the left. "He's a central attacking midfielder. Mason Mount will have more than Liverpool chasing him; there will be a number of clubs chasing him in Europe and in this country. If you were Newcastle, would you want to get a player like him? DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears “If you want to become more of a Champions League team, I think Mason Mount would fit really well into the way Newcastle play. At the end of the season I think Newcastle could get Wilf [Zaha] on the left and Mount if they really wanted to." Mount missed Chelsea’s 1-0 win over Leeds on Saturday with a lower abdomen issue but he has been left out of Graham Potter’s teams on occasion following a dip in form this campaign. He has scored just three goals and picked up two assists in 23 Premier League appearances so far this campaign.