Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's eviction from Frogmore Cottage was a "quick fix" to an extensive financial issue for the King, expert Kinsey Schofield suggested. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were informed in January that they have until the Coronation to vacate their UK home. But rather than a swipe at his youngest son following the release of his memoir, Schofield told Express.co.uk the King was likely pushed into his decision to solve "excruciatingly expensive" maintenance costs. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Schofield pointed out Frogmore Cottage had remained mostly empty since Prince Harry and Meghan Markle moved to the US – bar a period in which they rented the property to Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank. The To Di For Daily host said: "Financially and logistically, this is a solution to a problem that exists. "Harry and Meghan no longer live in the UK, Harry has said repeatedly that America is his home now, he has no desire to go back. "America is Harry and Meghan's home, there is an empty, newly-renovated house on the Windsor Estate." JUST IN: King heckled by protestor claiming royals 'waste of money' but royal fans quickly respond News of the evictions sparked speculation about the King's plans for the property, with royal insiders claiming he had offered the five-bedroom cottage to Prince Andrew. The Duke of York has been residing at Royal Lodge since 2003 but his forced retirement from royal duties in 2019 has delivered a significant blow to his finances. Schofield argued having Andrew downgrade to the smaller property would help curb the costs of maintaining the Lodge. She said: "And Royal Lodge is excruciatingly expensive – I think they're looking at roof renovations that need to be done. READ MORE: Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes  "And the maintenance and upkeep on that is not something that the Duke of York is in a position to afford right now anymore. "He really has to live within his means. He's going to have to change lifestyle because he's no longer a working royal and because of that this was just logistically a solution to a problem." Buckingham Palace has not confirmed whether the Duke of York had been approached about moving house. But insiders suggested the proposal would also open up a chance for Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales to move their family of five to Royal Lodge. DON'T MISS Queen Camilla is in Colchester wearing a Fiona Clare coat [LATEST] Harry and Meghan's Frogmore eviction will 'only make things worse' [INSIGHT] The seven clues Harry and Meghan may decline Coronation invite [ANALYSIS] The couple moved to Adelaide Cottage in August last year from Apartment 1A in Kensington Palace. The Waleses' current home boasts four bedrooms compared to Royal Lodge's seven, and would offer the family extra space as Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis grow up. William and Kate would also be able to afford the upkeep of the property as the Prince of Wales took over the management of the Duchy of Cornwall when His Majesty ascended the throne. The Duchy is traditionally used by the heir to the throne to pay the bills for any costs incurred by the Prince and Princess of Wales as well as those of their children. The Duchy provided King Charles with an estimated $24million income in 2021, and is believed to be worth over a billion dollars. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews