The next episode of NCIS: Los Angeles has plenty of drama in store, from Anna (played by Bar Paly) and Callen (Chris O’Donnell) sorting their wedding plans to Kensi (Daniela Ruah) and Fatima (Medalion Rahimi) having to jet off for a new investigation. However, thanks to a preview of the episode from CBS, it looks like Kensi is less than impressed with NCIS Hawaii’s Lucy Tara’s (Yasmine Al-Bustami) return to the island as it directly relates to the new case on the LA team’s desk. The sneak peek opens with Kilbride (Gerald McRaney) and Siya Dahr (Javi Ramachandran Ladnier) going over the details of another apparent suicide on the SS Allegiance. “What have we got?” Kensi says as she enters the room alongside Fatima before Siya fills her in: “This is petty officer, first-class, Eli Wassner - electronic technician on the SS Allegiance. He was found hanged this morning in a hold onboard.” “Hmm, suicide?” Fatima asks before Kilbride informs her: “Unconfirmed. But the Allegiance has had two suicides in recent months. “SECNAV has tasked us with investigating to determine is Wassner’s a third,” he adds. READ MORE: NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah leaves fans in tears with Kensi farewell However, Kensi is clearly unimpressed this case has fallen on their desk as she rather bluntly points out: “Can I ask why the NCIS agent afloat isn’t handling this?” Kilbride then points out that job used to belong to “our former guest, Special Agent Lucy Tara”. He then tells Kensi: “She has since returned to NCIS Honolulu and the Allegiance is in the process of being assigned a new agent afloat.” However, Kensi clearly isn’t pleased she and her colleagues have now been tasked with the investigation given Tara’s exit from the vessel. Fatima is more concerned with the details as she asks: “Did Wassner have any family?” Siya reveals: “He leaves behind a widow in Los Angeles. His parents and the rest of his family are in central New Jersey.” “Any history of depression or any other mental illness?” Kensi probes to which Siya answers: “Not that I can find any record of, but if he did he never sought treatment.” Fatima continues the questioning: “History of gambling or recent money losses?” DON'T MISS:NCIS Hawaii fans 'can't stop crying' over Lucy and Kate milestoneBlue Bloods' Danny and Baez victim of crushing car crash in sneak peekSEAL Team's David Boreanaz forced to issue urgent warning But Siya revealed she found “no red flags” with the deceased’s history before Kilbride then demands to know where Callen and Sam (LL Cool J) are . However, he’s soon told he had insisted they take their annual leave. Kilbride gets back on track as he demands Wassner’s widow is taken to the boatshed to meet Deeks (Eric Christian Olsen) and Rountree (Caleb Castille): “Maybe she has some insight as to what led to this.” And now that Lucy Tara can’t help them, Kilbride tells Kensi and Fatima: “Agents Blye and Namazi, Santa Monica airport, we’ll get you a bird, fly out to NAS North Island, hopefully, the Allegiance can have a cod waiting there to help you out to the carrier.” Kensi appear unimpressed but agrees she’ll jet off to help with he investigation before Kilbride adds: “These suicides tend to happen in clusters. The more exposure, the more likely someone else is to see this as a way out. “That's awful,” Kensi comments before Kilbride issues a stark warning: “It is. “And that is three servicemen dead in three months. I want answers.” NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues Sunday on CBS in the USA and Sky Max and NOW in the UK.