WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Outlander and the Outlander novels by Diana Gabaldon Season seven of Outlander will be hitting screens later this year and the new series uses material from Diana Gabaldon’s novels A Breath of Snow and Ashes and An Echo in the Bone. With series seven consisting of 16 episodes, fans can expect lots of plot from An Echo in the Bone to be featured. Season seven will delve further into Young Ian’s (played by John Bell) backstory as he tries to find love again after his tragic marriage and the death of his infant daughter. While this might be a subplot, it’s likely to get some screen time, particularly after season six featured an emotional and poignant episode exploring Young Ian’s time with the Native Americans. Viewers learnt about Young Ian’s marriage breakdown after the couple failed to have a child with the tribe sending him back to Fraser’s Ridge. Young Ian was distant but finally opened up to his uncle Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan) about what had happened. As readers of the Outlander novels will know, Young Ian will hopefully be having some more luck in his love life later on. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance However, some are curious about Young Ian’s feelings towards his cousin Brianna MacKenzie (Sophie Skelton). Young Ian proposed to Brianna in season four of Outlander after she was pregnant and Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) missing after Jamie mistook him for her attacker. Jamie had sent Roger off to the Native Americans with Brianna left devastated her husband could potentially be dead. Young Ian tried to do the honourable thing by proposing marriage to Brianna in order to make her an honourable woman and ensure her child wasn’t born out of wedlock - something which could have seen her ostracised in this era. READ MORE: Outlander fans are curious about Percy Beauchamp's link to Claire Young Ian got down on one knee and told Brianna: “Cousin, it would be my honour.” Jamie gruffly told him: “Get off your knee, you idiot” with Young Ian looking confused and crestfallen. Both Brianna and Claire Fraser (Caitríona Balfe) looked shocked at the proposal. In a behind-the-scenes clip, actor Bell and Skelton said of the proposal: “It’s pretty heartbreaking for the little Young Ian.” He added: “Oh well, he’s got plenty of other girls.” READ MORE: Outlander covered the Jacobite uprising and the Battle of Culloden Both in the novels and the show, Young Ian was trying to do an honourable thing for his cousin in her time of need. In the show, it’s brushed off as a comical moment but An Echo in the Bone revisits this moment in a scene where Young Ian is travelling with Claire and Jamie after they leave Fraser’s Ridge. The trio camp for the night on the journey with Young Ian hearing Jamie and Claire getting frisky on the other side of the campfire. He pretends to be asleep but his mind started to wonder to women and past lovers. Don't miss... Vernon Kay snub as 90% say they won't tune in without Ken Bruce [LATEST] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [LATEST] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [LATEST] Young Ian started thinking about Brianna sexually before stopping himself and reminding himself she was a married woman. Nonetheless, Young Ian had thought about her in this light in the past after he’d decided to propose, knowing if they wed they would sleep together. In the novel, it appeared Young Ian had given this some considerable thought and had had steamy day dreams about her. Eventually, Young Ian pushed the thought of Brianna out of his mind and focused on another lady as he pleasured himself and fell asleep. So, it looks like Young Ian is attracted sexually to Brianna but isn’t necessarily in love with her. Whether the show decides to play on this element from the book remains to be seen but it’s a tiny element in the novel which gives an insight into Young Ian. Outlander season 7 will premiere later this year and season 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now