Princess Eugenie's blossoming baby bump could be seen in a video released by one of her beloved patronages. Horatio's Garden shared via its official Twitter account a video including the highlights of a recent visit paid to the Garden London & South East by King Charles's niece. In the clip, the younger daughter of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson donned an all-black outfit underneath a houndstooth print black and white coat. The organisation, which aims at creating outdoor spaces in NHS spinal centres to help the recovery and lives of people affected by spinal injury, explained in the video that, during her visit, the royal made a cast in clay of her thumbprint with the help of ceramicist Vinicius Lee. Eugenie's thumbprint will be one of the hundreds being featured in the Horatio's Show Garden to be exhibited at the RHS Chelsea Flower in two-month time. The imprints will be displayed as artwork in the woodland room within the garden, which has been designed by Harris Bugg Studio in collaboration with architects at Mcmullan Studio. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat While at the Horatio's Garden, Eugenie also got the chance to meet volunteers and staff. Taking to her Instagram account, Eugenie also spoke about her recent visit to the organisation close to her heart. She wrote: "Such a pleasure to go back to visit @horatiosgarden at Stanmore last week and catch up with the incredible team and patients. "The charity builds gardens in hospital spinal centres around the UK and provides a much-needed space for patients to enjoy nature in an accessible way. I also cast my thumbprint in support of #horatiosgardenchelsea a piece of artwork that will feature in the Garden." The post was accompanied by a few pictures taken during her visit. The royal, who isn't a senior member of the Firm and has a full-time job as an art gallery director, became patron of this organisation in 2019. She holds other patronages focused on causes close to her heart. Among the other associations she supports is the Royal National Orthopaedic Hospital, where she was diagnosed with scoliosis and operated on to correct the curvature of her spine when she was only 12. Eugenie last paid a visit to the hospital in late February. Among other issues championed by Princess Eugenie are the protection of the oceans and a curb on the use of plastic. Eugenie is currently expecting her second child with Jack Brooksbank, as announced in mid-January. Don't miss... Eugenie has already moved into Frogmore and boxed up Harry's things [REPORT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [PICS] But the upcoming arrival of a baby sibling for their firstborn August doesn't seem to be the only recent big change in the lives of Jack and Eugenie. On Monday, it was claimed Eugenie has already moved into Frogmore Cottage and packed up some of the belongings left at the Windsor residence by its former inhabitants, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. This comes after it was confirmed Meghan and Harry, who are close to Jack and Eugenie, were asked by the monarch to vacate by the early summer the residence which had been their official home in England since 2019. It was initially reported the home was needed for Prince Andrew.