It doesn’t need many inspections to realise that this deal will merely take us where the other deals have: to a future full of conflict, bureaucracy, and acceptance of EU rule in the UK. Boris Johnson, who himself negotiated a rotten deal based on Theresa May’s even worse one, at least recognised that the only way to get out of the difficulties was to tear up large parts of the agreement and start again. Rishi has stopped that process in its tracks, whereas the sensible option would have been to carry on taking it through Parliament but using it only if all else failed. It was only against the background of Boris’s Protocol Bill that the EU ever condescended to negotiate in the first place. Of course, we are fed up. Of course, we want the issue resolved. Of course, we want Brexit settled so we can concentrate on other things. But then there are still a few oldies left who remember Britain feeling exactly the same in the years before the Second World War, cheering Chamberlain to the echo when he proclaimed peace. It is natural but it will not avoid future conflict. No deal was always better than a bad deal, but in the interests of an immediate quiet life we took the bad, nay very bad, deal. Not much has changed with the Windsor Agreement, which Parliament applauded before reading a syllable of it. As one Brexiteer put it, the handcuffs have been loosened, but not removed. Rishi was cheered when he announced we were taking back control of our VAT but it is not true. The Stormont brake was hailed as a major breakthrough but it is so hedged about by qualifications that it is unlikely ever to be usable. It is instructive to read the EU’s interpretation of the texts, which is that not much has changed. It hasn’t. Sunak voted to leave the EU. Why? To regain sovereignty? So why is he now proposing a continued role for the European Court of Justice in UK affairs? To leave the single market? Then why is he lauding the single market as an advantage for Northern Ireland? It stinks. If we go down this route, as we almost certainly will, then we will not be able to support industry in Northern Ireland through state aid, not be able to support business through lower VAT, not be able to refuse verdicts of the ECJ, not be able to refuse EU law. In short Northern Ireland will not be treated as the rest of the United Kingdom. It is a recipe for the break-up of the UK. The King is right to take Frogmore Cottage back from Harry and Meghan. They live in California and do not use it. It makes no sense whatever to keep the property empty for all but a week or two a year. Nearly 20 years ago, I had the same dilemma over the wonderful little cottage which was my constituency home. I had all but ceased to use it as my ageing mother could not be left alone and I was returning to London every night, no matter how late. It no longer justified spending the money I was having to find for it nor the money the taxpayer was contributing. Princess Anne carries out more engagements than most royals but manages without a grace-and-favour residence. Harry is not a working royal and simply does not need one. Civil servants must not only be impartial: they must be seen to be impartial. Like Caesar’s wife, they must be above suspicion. Obviously, they will each have their own political opinions but they should remain private and not govern attitudes or decisions in the workplace. My father was a civil servant and a staunch Tory but he would not so much as join the local Conservative Association, as that would be a public expression of a private political view. Sue Gray is behaving disgracefully. She is not a stupid woman and must have realised that given her high-profile role in the Boris Inquiry, any cosying up to Labour would inevitably be seen as proof of bias. If she had let a few years elapse before becoming the right hand woman of Keir Starmer, the fallout would have been bad enough but to do so now is monumentally damaging to the Civil Service. Yet it is not only Gray to blame but Starmer himself. We have a possible PM who doesn’t care tuppence for Civil Service neutrality. Claire Goose says that because of incidents about police violence towards women, she no longer jogs alone. I can think of lots of reasons not to jog alone in dark places in big cities but they have more to do with rapists and thieves than with the chances of coming across a policeman on the streets. Even the most diligent make mistakes. Devoted family doctors misdiagnose, hugely competent lawyers lose cases, police charge the wrong suspect, publishers turn down a bestseller. Human beings are not infallible and nor are their judgments, however carefully made. That is why the families of those who died in the Manchester Arena are utterly wrong to sue MI5, which regularly prevents terrorist attacks but slipped up badly this time. A mistake does not necessarily mean negligence: it can mean simply a bad judgment call. It is difficult to see what can be achieved by suing. Money will not bring back loved ones and the usual mantra of “it will make them more careful next time”, is a nonsense. It is the devastating impact of the atrocity which will make them more careful next time, although even that will not make them infallible. I understand the grief and bitterness but suing will not make that go away. No amount of vengeance can undo past mistakes but a lawsuit will mean the inability to move on.