American tennis fans will once again miss Novak Djokovic for at least part of the US season after his withdrawal from the upcoming Indian Wells tournament. The Serb's unvaccinated status means he won't be allowed to enter the United States until April 10 at the earliest, giving some hope rules will be relaxed in time for the US Open later this year. But tennis great Mats Wilander has suggested his absence from the Sunshine Swing will grant greater focus as the world No. 1 looks to accomplish one feat that's eluded him throughout his career. While he sits level with Rafael Nadal on a joint-record 22 major titles, 2023 could be the year Djokovic finally ends his wait for a Calendar Grand Slam. “He's already No. 1 in the world," Wilander told Eurosport. "He's already broken all the records when it comes to No. 1. So what difference does it make if he wins another Indian Wells or Miami? “He doesn't have to deal with the problem of confidence. Most players do. Novak Djokovic seems to not need a lot of confidence to just walk back into the circle of champions and start winning again." READ MORE: Daniil Medvedev 'not tired' of Russia ban talk as Wimbledon wish shared  Victory over Stefanos Tsitsipas in January's Australian Open final gave 'Nole' a perfect start to his year, racing to a record-extending 10th title in Melbourne after 2022's chaotic deportation. Although there is yet to be official confirmation he'll even be allowed to participate in the US Open come August, a calendar clean sweep remains feasible for now. And timing is of the essence, according to Wilander, who suggested the 35-year-old may not have another opportunity to break that duck. Don Budge (1938) and Rod Laver (1962 and 1969) are the only men to have completed the Calendar Grand Slam to date, though very few players have enjoyed the dominance Djokovic has earned during his career. “So I think that on clay it'd be great for him," added the Swede, who detailed Djokovic's commitments as a husband and father-of-two help him focus more at Grand Slam contests. "He's going to have a better preparation season. He needs to win the French Open for sure because I think this might be his last chance at the Calendar Grand Slam." Don't miss... Inside life of Tommy Paul from farming to partner who dated 'cannibal' [BIO] Emma Raducanu playing through the pain in bid to end 2023 injury woes [LATEST] Wimbledon 'lift ban on Russian players' but issue new threat [NEWS] Djokovic's chances of winning the French Open are aided by the fact Nadal—far and away the tournament's most successful champion with 14 titles—has been ravaged by injuries. The Spaniard saw his Australian Open end amid more fitness concerns, though Roland Garros remains Djokovic's least prolific major, having won in Paris just twice. That being said, his omission from upcoming competitions across the pond may be just the change in tempo he needs to claim his third French crown. All that's required then is a little fortune courtesy of the US government, and Djokovic could be in the frame to become just the third member in one of tennis' most exclusive clubs. “He's not getting worse, he's not getting older. In fact, he's just getting better," Wilander concluded. "So to me, the less tennis he plays, the better it is for him to win majors.”