Arsenal fan Piers Morgan has insisted that the Gunners will win the Premier League this season after their comeback 3-2 win over Bournemouth on Saturday. Reiss Nelson’s 97th-minute winner sent the Emirates into raptures, including Morgan who has since promised to imitate Cristiano Ronaldo’s iconic ‘Siu’ celebration if the north London side finish on top come the end of May. Arsenal remained five points clear of second-placed Manchester City after Pep Guardiola’s outfit had previously cut the gap to two following their earlier 2-0 victory over Newcastle. Several fans had been resigned to dropping points even after Thomas Partey and Ben White's goals got them back into the game. However, Nelson’s late strike gave belief to their supporters that they have the necessary drive to win a title and prompted Morgan to promise that he will taunt the United faithful immediately if Martin Odegaard lifts the title. “Arsenal ARE going to win the League,” Morgan wrote on Twitter. “And when we do, I’m going to drive straight up to Old Trafford and do a one-man conga at the Stretford End culminating in a massive ‘SIIIIUUUUUU!!!’" Morgan was criticised on social media for his celebrations at the Emirates alongside his fellow Arsenal fans, as he previously questioned Manchester United supporters and Erik ten Hag for dancing in the aftermath of their Carabao Cup final victory over Newcastle when the Dutch boss joined in a jive alongside Antony and Lisandro Martinez. “Can’t believe I’m watching a @ManUtd manager & players dancing with joy after winning the Carabao Cup… so embarrassing,” Morgan said on Twitter after United’s 2-0 win over Eddie Howe’s outfit to claim the first piece of silverware in the season. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears His comments were picked up on as he was asked to explain them following his tweet celebrating Arsenal’s triumph on Saturday. Shortly after the ecstasy that was Nelson’s strike from the edge of the box that sparked mass celebrations inside the stadium, Morgan tweeted: “Last minute mayhem… this is why I love football so much. “Amid all the torment, you get these moments of incredible ecstatic joy. That was the greatest few seconds I’ve experienced at the Emirates. Just wild. Congrats to Arteta & his team, especially ⁦@ReissNelson9.” As he was questioned by several on social media, Morgan was forced to give his opinion on the difference between Arsenal and United’s celebrations. “Let me explain: you lot go wild when you win a third-tier trophy nobody cares about,” Morgan wrote. “We go wild when we win a match in the last second, after trailing 0-2, to go 5pts clear in the strongest League in the world. Comprende?”