The two-bedroom property which is located in Finchley in North London, is located above a jeweller and a vape shop. The property, located on Ballards Lane, has been listed on Auction House London for an eye-watering guide price of £275,000+. The property includes a reception room, kitchen, two bedrooms, a bathroom and a separate W/C. The surprisingly honest description of the property reads: “The property has been recently used to grow cannabis and requires a program of refurbishment.” Photos inside the property show what appears to be plants on the floor and a reflective lining on the lower half of the wall in one of the rooms. In the same room, wires can also be seen hanging from the ceiling and what appears to be fans are stuck to the walls. Large internal pipes have also been built into the room. READ MORE: ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert The kitchen appears to be fully functional but is littered with water bottles, bags and other items. The bath has been filled with bags and clothing and leftover bathroom products. The listing states the second-floor property is situated on a residential road close to local shops and amenities. The property is also located close to Victoria Park and is just six minutes from Finchley Central on the Northern Line. Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [LATEST] Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [INSIGHT] DIY expert shares six steps to paint a staircase [UPDATE] The two-bedroom flat has approximately 117 years left on its lease and is being offered with planning permission from Barnet Borough Council and consent from the freeholder to convert the existing loft and flat into two one-bedroom flats. Planning permission was granted in February 2022, according to the listing. It reads: “Conversion of existing loft and existing second floor flat into 2no self-contained flats incorporating new rear dormer window.” A spokesperson for Auction House London told Express.co.uk: “As one of the UK's leading auction houses, Auction House London wants to clarify that a property clean-up after illegal activities, such as a cannabis farm, is not the auction house's responsibility. “We believe in giving our buyers all the information they need to make an informed decision, and it is important to provide a fair representation of the property in its current form. READ MORE: ‘Quick rule’ when loading tumble dryers for optimum energy efficiency Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “We pride ourselves on transparency and honesty in all our dealings and maintain our high standards, even with properties that may have a controversial past. “Selling properties with a history of illegal activity can be challenging; our buyers must be well-informed about the properties they purchase. “Our buyers are our priority, and we believe providing them with a fair and ethical auction experience is critical for their satisfaction and peace of mind. “Auction House London's commitment to transparency has won the trust of buyers and sellers alike, and the auction house continues to be a leading player in the UK's property market.” In the UK, it is illegal to cultivate any part of a cannabis plant where the plant is a class B substance. Supply and production of cannabis can risk up to 14 years in prison, an unlimited fine or both. A police spokesperson told LBC that the police would have been aware of the cannabis factory and involved in shutting it down. The property is available to view on March 8, March 10 and March 14. The auction takes place on March 15.