Camilla hosted an array of inspiring women across society this afternoon. Her Majesty was all smiles as she was caught on camera speaking with entrepreneurs, entertainers, athletes and journalists among others. Guests included actress Sarah Lancashire, House of Commons Leader Penny Mordaunt and newsreader Fiona Bruce. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat As the committed President of Women of the World Festival (WOW), the Queen Consort celebrated with her reception the achievements and impact of women in a wide range of fields. Hours before the reception began, Camilla paid tribute to a number of inspiring women she has met over the years. In a Twitter thread published by the official Royal Family Twitter account, Buckingham Palace shared a message penned by Her Majesty. It read: "International Women's Day is a day to celebrate female achievement, to encourage and inspire one another, and to thank the women in our lives for their contribution to society. "I would like to take this opportunity to highlight just some of the remarkable women whom I have had the privilege of meeting over the past year. "To me, they represent, not only themselves and their own efforts, but also the millions of brilliant women who make a difference each day. "Because, to steal a quote, 'Behind every great woman... is another great woman'." READ MORE: King Charles was told about Lilibet and Archie's title change The message was followed by a series of tweets including pictures of Camilla and the women she wanted to spotlight. Among them were Ukraine's First Lady Olena Zelenska and Peta Travis, who has been a volunteer reading helper at the Coram Beanstalk charity for more than four decades. This reception is only the latest WOW event attended by Camilla since she became President of the organisation in 2015. In October 2021, Her Majesty notably delivered a powerful speech at the Shameless! Festival in London, focused on the violence against women epidemic. Don't miss... Charles, William and Kate snub invite to Lilibet's christening [LATEST] Ngozi Fulani reignites Palace race row in new TV appearance [REPORT] Prince Harry and William may reunite before Coronation [REVEAL] After mentioning some of the women who that year lost their lives at the hand of violent men, including Sarah Everard, the royal issued a rallying cry in support of the fight against gender-based violence. After urging victims to always come forward and don't feel shame, Camilla said "we need to get the men in our lives involved in this movement" to successfully tackle the epidemic. She added: "After all, rapists are not born, they are constructed. And it takes an entire community – male and female – to dismantle the lies, words and actions that foster a culture in which sexual assault is seen as normal, and in which it shames the victim."