Washing pillowcases, bed sheets or duvet covers every week can add up as the washing machine and the tumble dryer are two of the most expensive appliances in the house. Luckily, Sophie Platts, founder of bedding company Floks, exclusively shared with Express.co.uk how often "you should wash your bedding" as well as the best ways to keep it clean for longer. Firstly, Sophie said that the best way to avoid washing pillows or cleaning mattresses is to prevent them from getting yellow stains and for that, using a mattress or pillow protector is the most effective method. She explained: "It is not possible to stop yellow stains over time as your body perspires during the night and body lotions and moisturisers can also contribute. "We would always recommend using a mattress protector and pillowcases to protect the mattresses and pillows themselves." The expert added that "it is much more sustainable and cost-effective to wash the protectors rather than invest in new bedding". READ MORE: Household appliance banishes tissue debris from washed clothes  For those who already have stains on their bed sheets and pillowcases, the best way to make them "whiter", according to the expert, is by using "bicarbonate of soda". She explained: "A simple, cost-effective trick is to add half a cup of bicarbonate of soda to your wash. This makes the washing detergent work even harder and will help." Therefore, adding half a cup of bicarbonate of soda every time you wash your bedding will remove yellow stains, plus they will come up whiter staying cleaner for longer. Experts at Bed Kingdom revealed how often people should wash their bedding and what factors warrant washing bedding more often.  "It is recommended that you wash and change your bed sheets once a week, or at most every other week," the experts explained. Once a week is a "healthy balance between washing sheets regularly enough to avoid the build-up of bacteria, germs, and dirt without being so often that it becomes hard to fit into your routine". The experts added: "Still, lots of us are guilty of neglecting to have a regular sheet-washing schedule as it can feel like a chore when you are busy with work, children, or other daily chores." They warned that if people don't wash their bedding regularly, the sheets can "become smelly and covered in bacteria and fungi". READ MORE: Kitchen colours that can make room smaller - 'Absolutely avoid' "We lose a lot of fluid and bodily oils each night as we sweat in our sleep, not to mention the shedding of thousands of dead skin cells every hour. Laying in this environment every night can cause health conditions such as a yeast infection on the skin," the experts explained. Moreover, dust mites feed on dead skin cells which "are plentiful inside a bed that is slept in for an average of six to eight hours a night". Dust mites rapidly multiply without being detected and people with allergies and asthma "will experience symptoms". The bedding experts recommended a more frequent washing of bed sheets if "you have asthma and allergies, you have pets that sleep with you or you are ill". A spokesperson from Bed Kingdom added: “Washing bedding can be seen as a hassle and a chore for many of us. As with any chore, it can be easy to procrastinate and leave it to the last minute, but the potential effects on your health are a great reason to dedicate the time. "Sticking to a schedule of stripping the bed in the morning is a useful way to keep on top of your washing as you will be rewarded with clean sheets the next time you get into bed. If you can dry your sheets in the sunlight, this will save you money on tumble dryer costs as well as killing germs further.”