Jet2 issued a weather warning for British travellers as several areas of the UK were hit by snowfall. The holiday provider said all flights were currently planned to operate as normal. A Jet2 spokesperson said: “We are currently monitoring the weather conditions that are forecast to affect the UK over the coming days. “At the moment all Jet2.com flights are planned to operate to schedule and we advise all customers to check in on time for all flights at present. “Our check in desks will close as usual 40 minutes prior to your scheduled flight time. “Whilst we will endeavour to do everything we can to achieve on time departures during this period, we advise that you turn up at the airport prepared for potential disruption due to the weather and ensure you have enough medication and essentials packed as part of your hand luggage in case of any delays in your departure, but please remember you can only take liquids in (up to) 100ml containers through security. READ MORE: ‘Wonderful’ UK village crowned one of best staycations “We also strongly advise that if you are travelling to/from any UK airport using public transport, you check with your provider before setting off to ensure you arrive at the airport in plenty of time for your check in time.” Jet2 advised passengers to check the status of their flight before travelling to the airport although currently no flights have been cancelled. Flights were disrupted at Bristol Airport on Wednesday after heavy snow fell across the West of England. A total of 25 flights were cancelled with some airlines cancelling flights in advance due to the disruption. Don't miss... Flight attendant warns tourist ‘do not buy’ viral TikTok item [INSIDER] Lanzarote aims to attract ‘higher quality' guests [LATEST] Benidorm expects record-breaking Easter as hotels could sell out [NEWS] East Midlands Airport briefly closed its airport earlier today due to adverse weather. Flights have since resumed. The current cold weather is expected to last until the weekend with Britons warned to take care when travelling. Sebastien Texier, General Manager for Europe at Hopper says: “As the UK records its coldest March to date, snowy weather is wreaking chaos at airports across the country. “With arctic conditions and disruptions set to continue over the weekend, it's crucial for holiday-goers planning to travel to familiarise themselves with the terms and conditions of their tickets.” “If your airline allows you to reschedule your flight at no extra cost, consider changing your travel plans to towards the end of the weekend, when the Met Office says snowy weather will subside. READ MORE: Mexico holiday warning after US tourists kidnapped - latest advice “In situations like these, which are out of the control of the airline and traveller, it's important for people to book with companies that offer ticket flexibility or flight disruption guarantees. “To ease the worries of last-minute changes, travellers should look for companies that can change tickets with short notice. Some travel apps even make non-refundable tickets refundable for a small fee.” Tourists should check the status of their flight before they travel to the airport and may need to leave extra time for their journey. In some areas of the UK, public transport has been disrupted due to adverse weather conditions. The UK has recorded its coldest temperature in March for 10 years and overnight temperatures dropped as low as -15 in some parts of Scotland. The current cold weather is due to northerly winds bringing cold air down from the Arctic and has followed a particularly mild February. There are yellow warnings in place for snow and ice in some areas of the country and the weather is expected to last until the weekend. Jet2 passengers can check for updates on the company’s website and will be contacted directly if their flight is impacted.