The former Strictly Come Dancing professional won the ITV skating competition in 2019 when partnered with Alexandra Schauman. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, James Jordan admitted he hasn't been watching the current series of Dancing On Ice but thinks Nile Wilson could take home the trophy. James and wife Ola Jordan were in attendance at the Together For Short Lives ball in London when he made his prediction on who could win. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, James said he hasn't watched the last series of Dancing On Ice admitting: "I know! "You know what it is, I'm not going to lie, because I never lie. "I watched one episode didn't I and there's a really amazing guy on it. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air "I was like, 'He is so amazing.' He's young, annoying and does back flips and all of that." Confirming it was Nile he watched, James continued: "Really young and good looking and just really, really good. "I actually predicted he was going to be the best Dancing On Ice has ever seen but I haven't seen anything since then." James went on to add he and Ola would be in the audience on Sunday evening for the semi-final. "I'm really excited because it's a show, apart from Strictly, it's a show that will always be very close to my heart. "It was an amazing experience and to be on the other side learning from a professional, I loved it. "I have big place for that show in my heart but I can't believe I haven't been watching it." Offering up his tips for how to win the series, James advised: "Just give it 100 percent. "I know they all do. It's a hard question, what advice would you give someone. "I didn't expect to win because at the end of the day it is down to the public and whoever they choose on the night is the right winner." James went on to warn the "best skater" may not lift the trophy as it is down to the public choosing who they believes deserves to win. "It is at the end of the day a public vote and it might not necessarily be the best skater," he shared. DON'T MISS...Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update [LATEST]Dancing on Ice's Siva Kaneswaren 'emotional' over performance [VIDEO]Coronation Street’s Roy star shares huge spoiler on Dancing On Ice [WATCH] "It's out of your control a little bit so just enjoy it, have fun." Ola cut in: "And don't fall or break anything!" James agreed: "Don't fall because I fell and had to have shoulder surgery. So be careful on the ice. It's very slippery." Both James and Ola were out to support Together for Short Lives, who are there to make sure the 99,000 seriously ill children and their families across the UK can make the most of every moment they have together, whether that’s for years, months or only hours. They stand alongside families, supporting them to make sure they get the vital care and help that they need. Together for Short Lives support and empower families caring for seriously ill children by listening to their needs and helping them find the right care. They provide easily digestible information about available support so families can spend less time searching for help and have more time together. Their message is simple: "Getting the right support can make a lifetime of difference. And that’s what we are here for." Dancing On Ice airs Sunday on ITV at 6.30pm.