Manchester United goalkeeper David de Gea has admitted that the Red Devils 7-0 loss to Liverpool was a ‘disaster’ as he reached out to fans in the aftermath of the humiliation. The result at Anfield was one of the most surprising this season with the home side ripping up the form book to get one over on their biggest rivals in sensational fashion. United fell to a record defeat against Liverpool on Sunday as the Reds frontline ran riot in the second half. Cody Gakpo, Mo Salah and Darwin Nunez each scored twice before Roberto Firmino added the final gloss to the scoreline. Erik ten Hag’s men looked shellshocked after the final whistle as the enormity of their capitulation set in. It was the Red Devils' biggest defeat in the Premier League era and the first time that De Gea had conceded seven in one game for the club. After the match, he reached out to fans on social media as he tried to take account for what went wrong on the day. “I know these messages don't sit well on such a day,” he wrote on his Twitter page. “This was a disastrous moment for us and these results shouldn't happen, especially with the journey we are all on. We have a duty to this club, a responsibility to represent the badge but we have many opportunities to look ahead, many games coming fast and we have to lock our focus on these.” READ MORE: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans De Gea only faced eight shots on target during the match but there was little he could do about many of them, such was the quality of Liverpool’s finishing. The Red Devils' back four became increasingly porous as the match went on offering up increasingly positive opportunities for the rampant Liverpool frontline. Luke Shaw was another to reach out to fans after the game, apologising for the performance. “Out there on the pitch, I felt embarrassed for us players, for the fans who were supporting us and who were watching at home,” he told MUTV at full-time. “To watch that second half… I can only apologise for that, us, as players, have to own it, we have to stand up and accept that it was nowhere near good enough.  “It was completely unacceptable. Our standards have clearly dropped since we won that trophy [Carabao Cup] and, in the last couple of games, we haven’t been our normal selves – we need to find the good things we were doing before and bring them back, because this hurts a lot and it’s really unacceptable what we did in that second half. “We showed no personality and no mentality. For a big team to come here, we need to do better.”