Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag is reportedly ready to cash in on Harry Maguire and Anthony Martial to help fund his summer transfer window. And more could be on their way out the Old Trafford door as part of a ruthless exodus as Financial Fair Play concerns intensify the need to sell. Sunday's 7-0 drubbing against Liverpool at Anfield was all the proof required to see that despite the strides taken under Ten Hag's guidance this season, United have a long way to go. The Dutchman will be keen to accelerate his project in M16 this summer, potentially under new ownership as the Glazers wait for suitors to meet their £6billion asking price. But with United owing millions in outstanding transfer fee instalments, they risk breaching FFP regulations and will therefore have to sell to buy. According to talkSPORT, Ten Hag is ready to raise funds by offloading Maguire and Martial in the summer transfer window. The Red Devils' priority is said to be a striker, and the report adds that he has added Ajax's Mohammed Kudus to his wishlist. JUST IN: Liverpool receive Jude Bellingham sucker punch as meeting 'underway'  Ten Hag raided his former club in his first transfer window at Old Trafford, splashing £57m on Lisandro Martinez and £85m on Antony. But he is ready to return for the 22-year-old who he also brought to Amsterdam, knowing he can operate as a number 10 as well as a striker. Harry Kane is also claimed to be on Ten Hag's radar, with United scouts watching another target in RB Salzburg's Benjamin Sesko, who is joining RB Leipzig in July, at the weekend. Other reports have suggested that Victor Osimhen is the preferred option, but FFP limitations could make it difficult to reach Napoli's hefty asking price. Don't miss... Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brought back down to earth by ex-Reds star [LATEST] Gary Neville still not convinced by Arsenal due to Arteta match flaws [LATEST] The Premier League table minus VAR as Arsenal top and Liverpool flying [LATEST] Maguire and Martial likely wouldn't be the only players leaving United this summer, with a handful of others on the chopping block. Scott McTominay has suitors in the Premier League and could also be used to generate funds, while Donny van de Beek's time seems to be running out. Loaned-out stars Eric Bailly and Alex Telles are almost guaranteed to be sold, and question marks continue to hover over Diogo Dalot and Aaron Wan-Bissaka. It promises to be another intriguing summer at United, though another £200m spend is unlikely, and the club's takeover situation adds an extra layer of spice. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here