Mould is a common problem in UK properties, especially in rooms that are prone to damp and humid conditions like kitchens and bathrooms. One of the main causes of mould is a lack of ventilation coupled with excess moisture which can cause a buildup of damp leading to mould. According to the survey conducted by Utilita Energy, a third of people also admitted to struggling with getting rid of mould, damp and condensation. Grout and sealant in bathrooms are two of the most common areas of the home for mould due to the humid conditions in bathrooms. In some households, baths and showers are used multiple times a day, giving grout and sealant no chance to dry out. With this in mind, Laura Harnett, founder of Seep, an eco-cleaning tools brand, explained exclusively to Express.co.uk how to remove mould from grout or sealant without using bleach or harsh chemicals. READ MORE: 3 features that ‘significantly’ devalue your house - ‘puts buyers off’ Laura Harnett said: “We get mould in our homes because they’re so well insulated that we don’t allow moisture to escape. “This is especially problematic in the colder months when we don’t have windows or doors open to let moisture in our kitchens and bathrooms out. “Mould can also grow on window sills and their seals if condensation has built up. “A common thought is that bleach will remove it, but it’s a harsh chemical to risk breathing in while using it and it actually doesn’t kill the mould spores so it’ll just keep coming back. DON'T MISSGardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]Five ‘must-do’ gardening jobs to do before the end of February [UPDATE]Mark Lane shares the best plug plants to fill your borders [ANALYSIS] “You can remove mould easily from grout and sealant in an eco-friendly, low cost way, with white vinegar. “It has antifungal and antibacterial properties and will also stop the mould growing back.” Here’s Laura’s method for removing mould from grout and sealant: Firstly, make your own cleaning paste in a bowl using one tablespoon of baking soda, one tablespoon of white vinegar and one tablespoon of hot water. This will make enough paste to clean a windowsill area or the sealant around a window or bath. Use the same proportions but just increase the measurements for larger areas. READ MORE: Warning over 25p TikTok tip for keeping bathroom mirrors steam-free Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Take an old toothbrush and rub this paste gently onto the grout or sealant that’s affected by mould using circular movements. Then, wipe the area using a eco-cloth. Eco-cloths can absorb significantly more than paper towels or some microfibre cloths. Laura added: “White vinegar can also prevent mould from coming back. Spray white vinegar onto the area at risk and let it dry. “While vinegar does have a strong smell initially, it soon disappears, or it gives you a good reason to let some fresh air into the room through the window.” If you’re not a fan of the scent of vinegar, then you could use tea tree oil instead. The popular essential oil is both “antifungal and antibacterial” while also being effective against mould. Use tea tree in a spray bottle by mixing 10 to 20 drops of tea tree oil with a cup of water. Then, spray it over the affected areas. Leave it on for an hour or so, then scrub it with your old toothbrush and rinse it with water. This method works on paint as well as all other types of surfaces including walls, woodwork, window frames, grout and sealant around the bath or sink.