With spring being dubbed as one of the best times to buy a house and property prices falling from their peak, many Britons will be looking to move or buy their first house. When buying a house it is important to ask the estate agent the right questions. Estate agents are legally bound to tell the truth and it could make the difference between buying a dream home or buying a dud. With this in mind, Anna McEntee from the home insurance team at Comparethemarket has shared a list of “crucial” questions that house hunters “need” to keep in mind when viewing a property. She said: “Whether you’re a first-time buyer or you’ve been through the purchase process before, viewing a potential new home can be an exciting experience. “However, purchasing a property is a big investment - and commitment - so, it’s crucial that prospective homeowners ask all the right questions when viewing, to ensure they’re making the right decision.” The answer to this first question can potentially be quite revealing, according to Anna. The expert warned if it’s been on the market for upwards of three months, “something might be putting buyers off”. She said: “It could be the price or it could be something less obvious. Have a word with the estate agent to find out more.” There may not be anything wrong and the property may simply be overpriced. Whatever the issue, a long time on the market might mean that the seller would accept a lower price. READ MORE: Kitchen paint colours to avoid that give a ‘cheap and outdated’ look According to Anna, a property that’s only been lived in for a short time before it was put back on the market “could be a red flag”. She said: “The reasoning behind the sale could be perfectly innocent but it’s worth investigating either way.” The owner might just be moving to a different area or a bigger property, but there could be plenty of other reasons that are unappealing to a prospective buyer. This’ll tell house-hunters how long the whole process is likely to take. If the current owners haven’t yet found a new place or are in a chain, buyers might want to keep looking elsewhere, depending on their ideal timeline. Don't miss... Gardeners share how to ‘boost’ tomato plants with ‘essential’ item [TIPS] Six ‘bad lawn habits’ to ‘avoid’ for ‘healthy and vibrant’ grass [EXPERT] ‘Guaranteed’ step to get peace lilies to flower ‘over and over again’ [COMMENT] The ideal situation is that the property is chain-free but, if not, knowing that the sellers are organised and keen to move quickly can bode well for an uncomplicated sale. Schools, parks, transport links, and leisure facilities are a few of the things the expert advised asking about. She said: “You can of course find out a lot from your own research but someone who’s lived there before will be able to give you a better insight into the feel of the area.” If major renovations have been done, buyers should ask to see builders’ receipts, guarantees, and proof of planning permission. READ MORE: £1 ‘miracle’ item to remove ‘stubborn’ stains from walls ‘easily’ Anna warned: “If an extension has been built without planning permission, you may have to tear it down.” It’s also a good idea to ask about any damp issues or flooding they may have had in the past. It is vital to find out exactly what’s included in the sale. It is important to ask whether fixtures and fittings, garden sheds and greenhouses, and the satellite dish will be left behind. If the house is located in a rural area, house-hunters want to know what types of broadband they’ll have access to. An ultra-fast connection may be especially important if you or someone in your household works from home. Anna explained that low water pressure is one thing but a tap that only lets out a trickle could be an indicator of a larger problem. She urged potential buyers to pay attention to how long it takes for hot water to come through, find out the age of the boiler, and ask when it was last serviced. Even the most perfect property can be tainted by a bad neighbour. The expert informed sellers are legally obliged to tell you if they’ve had any past disputes with the neighbours, so it’s definitely a good idea to add this to the list of questions to ask. It’s good to understand the potential outgoings of a new home, so it’s worth asking for rough costs of council tax and utility bills. It’s also a legal requirement for sellers/estate agents to share the EPC rating, so request this to understand how energy-efficient the property is, as that will impact energy bills.