Kate, Princess of Wales looked unrecognisable as she dons army uniform while visiting the 1st Battalion Irish Guards at Salisbury in Wiltshire on Wednesday. It was her first official visit to the Guards since she became Colonel, a job she took over from Prince William last year. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat During her trip the princess heard about the work the Irish Guards carry out on the Salisbury Plain Training Area, including anti-poaching training and training up Ukrainian forces in their fight against the Russians. Kate first met with the Guardsmen of Number One and Number Two Company, who have recently been deployed across East Africa to train and assist foreign forces in tasks including the fight back against poaching. The princess then joined members of Number Three Company to watch a medical training and casualty exercise, which included a brief on the de-mining training currently being delivered by the Irish Guards to President Zelensky's troops. Kate learnt how to carry out battlefield casualty drills in a simulation exercise designed to teach the Guards how to deliver medical care in action to injured soldiers. The 41-year-old accompanied her uniform with £155 Berghaus Supalite hiking boots, which she has worn on a number of royal engagements over the years. She swept her hair back into a plait tucked under her beanie hat, which was necessary to keep out the freezing temperatures. On previous trips to the Irish Guards St Patrick's Day parades Kate has accompanied her husband handing out sprigs of shamrock to the troops, however she has now been granted the role of Colonel in her own right. READ MORE: Archie and Lilibet won't use HRH after becoming Prince and Princess  Her new role was announced in December last year, ahead of the King's first Trooping the Colour as monarch this June. The ceremony marks the official birthday of the British Sovereign, with the King's Birthday Parade taking place this year on June 17 although his actual birthday is on November 14. Trooping the Colour involves the Household Division on Horse Guards Parade, with the reigning monarch attending and taking the salute. The senior military unit is comprised of seven regiments, which are responsible for delivering state ceremonial and public duties.  Don't miss... Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [LATEST] Prince Harry 'won't come to Coronation' to 'punish' Royal Family [REVEAL] Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [SPOTLIGHT] The King currently holds the appointment of colonel-in-chief of the regiments, but each one also has a colonel who is normally either a member of the Royal Family or a senior officer. The Irish Guards have been a part of the British Army since 1900 and since then have fought in all the major conflicts of the last century. Today's visit comes as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have announced their daughter Lilibet was christened at a private ceremony at their home last Friday. It is thought the King, Queen Consort and Prince and Princess of Wales were invited but chose not to attend.