After a truly remarkable career, Michael Schumacher is regarded by many as the greatest Formula 1 driver of all time. Schumacher became a legend of the sport, wuinning a record-equalling seven world championships during his time behind the wheel. The way in which the German initially got his driving spot came thanks to a bizarre chain of events though. His breakthrough came in 1991 in the colours of Jordan, with his first outing coming at the Belgian Grand Prix. Schumacher was drafted into the race as a late replacement, coming in for the absent Bertrand Gachot. The reason for Gachot’s absence is a remarkable one, after the Frenchman was convicted of Actual Bodily Harm, and sent to prison. READ MORE: Michael Schumacher's friend 'misses him' but has 'disappointment' with career decision  Gachot’s sentencing came after he was involved in a road-rage incident in December 1990, in which he sprayed a taxi driver with CS gas following a confrontation. Expecting a suspended sentence, the former F1 star was in fact imprisoned for 18 months. With the Belgian Grand Prix just one week away, this gave the up and coming Schumacher his chance, with Gachot not hearing anything on his replacement until he was behind bars. Speaking on the Beyond The Grid podcast in 2021, the Frenchman said: "I didn't know [about Schumacher].  Don't miss... Inside Carlos Sainz's life from famous father to classy car collection [LATEST] Ferrari abandon new design concept as Martin Brundle raises FIA fears [LATEST] Mercedes 'view' on copying Aston Martin after Hamilton complaints [LATEST] "The first time somebody spoke to me about Michael Schumacher – I won't forget – is one of the guards in jail. He said, 'The new guy that they hired is so good, they don't need you anymore. So you can stay here'. I tell you, word for word." Gachot went on: “Andrea de Cesaris [his teammate] sent me a letter. And that was very funny. I was really good friends with Andrea, and he was an amazing guy."He wrote me a letter saying, 'Don't worry about the German. He just got me in qualifying, but I will get him soon. You watch.'" Gachot returned to the paddock after his sentence was reduced but left F1 in 1993. 