BBC commentator Ian Dennis has been met with abuse and backlash after his decision to resume working for the broadcaster on Saturday. Several BBC freelance pundits, commentators and other employees opted to boycott covering football after Match of the Day host Gary Lineker was forced to step back from hosting the programme. Lineker’s colleagues Ian Wright and Alan Shearer confirmed that they would not be appearing on the football highlights show in solidarity with Lineker, as a host of fellow pundits and presenters followed suit. Fellow BBC shows Football Focus and Final Score were axed as the likes of Alex Scott, Jason Mohammed and Kelly Somers forced the BBC to cancel programming due to their withdrawals. However, football commentator Dennis opted to continue working on Saturday as BBC 5 Live Sport resumed live coverage of Leeds’ 2-2 draw with Brighton. Dennis, a staff worker as opposed to a freelance employee like Lineker, Wright, Shearer and many more top pundits, explained his decision live on air. “It's also a very difficult time for BBC Sport, and for those who work in the department,” Dennis explained. “We all hope that that gets resolved. Personally, today I found it very difficult. But I'm a BBC staff member, I'm a radio commentator for BBC 5 Live - and today, like every Saturday afternoon, we provide a service to you, the audience." JUST IN Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [LATEST] However, his decision was lambasted by many listeners who felt that he should have joined the BBC boycott, as they took to social media to give their views. Hateful remarks were sent Dennis’ way on Twitter while many were disappointed with his actions. “I’m afraid to say you’ve let the side down,” @publicspikky wrote to Dennis on social media. Another listener @AlanGor55352305 was among those who understood why a staff worker would not want to risk their livelihood, but felt that Dennis should have chosen not to work in solidarity with Lineker. “Real shame Ian has gone down this route,” they wrote. “I understand as staff he is more susceptible to the BBC bosses bullying him into throwing his morals away. It is a shame.” Don't miss... Gary Lineker fan heckles BBC News journalist live on air [REACTION] Jeremy Corbyn demands BBC reinstate Lineker and for Tim Davie to go [INTERVIEW] Lineker taken off MOTD duties for next weekend as replacement emerges [LATEST] Many insults saw Dennis labelled a "scab" for continuing to work at Elland Road. “Shame on you,” @Voiceoreason023 said on Twitter to Dennis. “On a day when absolute solidarity was called for, behold the scab.” Though Dennis did receive some support for his call to carry on commentating. “Have to say that while I fully support the decision to support Gary Lineker by many freelancers, I know that the situation is difficult for you all at 5live,” @TimMorganFletc4 wrote. “I must single out Ian Dennis who is broadcasting miracles today -no studio, no summariser but no stopping a great broadcaster.”