Interest rates could increase to as high 4.75 percent in the coming months as the Bank of England attempts to stop a “major recession”. A recession happens when a country experiences two-quarters back-to-back of negative growth which the UK has narrowly avoided as of later. Over the past year, the Bank of England has hiked the nation’s base rate ten consecutive times in a row in a bid to control inflation. Currently, the base rate is at four percent but many experts believe further increases will take place, likely to 4.75 percent. At the same time, inflation remains significantly higher than interest rates at 10.1 percent as of January 2023. Rates have been raised in the last 12 months to mitigate the impact of inflation however many believe is it exacerbating the risk of a recession. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Victor Trokoudes, the CEO of Plum, broke down what the central bank may be thinking regarding future interest rate rises later in the year. He explained: "The Bank of England’s comments at their February base rate announcement suggested to many observers that interest rates may now have peaked at four percent. “It’s no longer referring to having to act ‘forcefully’ to control inflation and it added that further rises would only be needed if there was evidence of more persistent inflationary pressures. “This view has been reinforced by more recent comments by the central bank’s governor saying the UK economy is evolving much as the Bank expected it to.” As it stands, the Bank of England is forecasting that inflation will drop quickly to four percent by the end of the year. If this becomes reality, the likelihood of further interest rate rises will also fall as such intervention will not be necessary. Citigroup has also recently predicted inflation to come down even more quickly, falling to just two percent by the autumn. Despite this, Plum CEO’s noted that developments across the pond may result in further rate hikes shortly. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Mr Trokoudes added: “However, the markets think rates will reach 4.75 percent in the UK because of what’s happening in other advanced economies, in particular the US. “The US shows how interest rate expectations can change very quickly. Following the Fed’s decision to raise rates by a quarter of a percentage point in February, and comments from the Fed Chair Jay Powell, markets had even begun to price in interest rate cuts by the end of the year in the US. Those predictions of cuts extended to the UK as well. “Now US interest rates are expected to rise to a higher peak and cuts by the end of the year look far less likely. “And even if there are interest rate cuts, they're unlikely to be deep as central banks will want to tread carefully to ensure inflation is under control unless there is a major recession.” According to Mr Trokoudes, there are certain things mortgage holders should do in preparation for the months ahead. The finance expert said: "The UK has followed the US in raising rates quickly, so taking a more dovish approach to rates while the US and the EU likely continue hiking would be a bold move. “Given such uncertainty, homeowners who have a mortgage expiring soon should start reviewing their options as quickly as possible and assessing if they can lock in a mortgage offer while continuing to survey the market so they have a backstop in place should rates rise further.” The Bank of England’s MPC will announce any potential changes to the base rate on March 23, 2023.