Kerry Katona said her eight-year-old daughter, DJ, was taken to hospital while on holiday in Turkey before the family flew back home. The former Atomic Kitten singer and her daughter both suffered health scares during a family holiday to Turkey. The 42- year-old singer revealed DJ was rushed off to hospital after collapsing suddenly on their last day. The reality star admitted it was "terrifying" as she too got "poorly" while abroad. Speaking in her latest column, Kerry explained that her daughter's blood pressure had dropped and she was throwing up. "It was the most terrifying thing ever," she explained. READ MORE: Harry faces 'exile' by royals as he sabotages bond with William "We’ve just come back from Turkey. We had a lovely holiday although I was really poorly." She continued in her column for OK! magazine: "Then, on the last day, I was blow-drying our DJ’s hair and she collapsed, with her eyes rolling back. It was the most terrifying thing ever." Kerry's partner Ryan took her daughter outside to get some fresh air but she continued to be sick. "The hospital said her blood pressure had dropped as she was overheated and hungry," she remarked.  Kerry added: "DJ told me later she was so disorientated she thought Ryan was throwing her off the balcony! We just couldn’t wait to get on that plane to get her home." The former face of Iceland also suffered kidney stones while she was away. She initially thought the pain was "post-surgery problems" after her tummy tuck - revealing she was in "bed most of the time". The singer had a tummy tuck in January after admitting her "swollen belly" left her in tears. The Warrington-born star had a secret tummy tuck in 2021, which she said left her feeling "lumpy" and "swollen". In her memoir Kerry Katona: Whole Again, Kerry explained she didn't give her previous surgery time to heal in 2021 because she was moving house. Writing in her new! column, she said: “I was lying down in bed and I felt like I couldn’t breathe. My throat and chest felt really tight, it was awful. I felt like I was going to die. “My body has been swollen since I had surgery last year. My whole body is sore and puffy – my legs, my stomach, my face, my neck. I feel like I need popping.” The mum-of-five recently gave a glimpse into her family holiday to Turkey. She shared a video of her shopping with her youngest daughter DJ, when she confessed that she wasn't feeling "body positive". The mother and daughter duo were enjoying some retail therapy, when Kerry said: "I'm trying to hide away with my body because I hate myself right now." She added: "I know it's not good as I should have a body positive mental attitude."