Britons are able to claim this NHS benefit which can relieve the financial burden placed on households during the cost of living crisis. There are various ways someone can be eligible for free prescriptions, depending on their age or if they have a health condition. Individuals with certain health conditions can receive this concession if they apply for a medical exemption certificate. Commonly known as a MedEx, the certificate is evidence someone is entitled to free prescriptions under the NHS. Anyone who has an existing physical disability that stops them from going out without help from another person can also get a MedEx. Women who are pregnant or have had a baby in the last year can get the same discount through a valid maternity exemption certificate. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance The full list of medical conditions that make someone eligible for a medical exemption includes: How old someone is also is an important factor in determining a patient’s eligibility for free prescriptions. It should be noted that there are different rules regarding the age threshold for this benefit if they live in England, Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland. Healthcare is a devolved political issue with each country’s Government being charged with setting out the criteria. Due to this, Britons must be informed of the different rules when they move from one part of the UK to another. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The full list of the varying age rules regarding access to free prescriptions in the UK includes: For older people, experts are highlighting the importance of concessions such as free prescriptions to improve their quality of life. Stephen Lowe, a group communications director at Just Group, said: “The social and cultural references to ‘freebie’ benefits means nearly all over 65s know about them but their financial value is dwarfed by other benefits which are less well known.” “People should check whether they could be entitled to additional financial support throughout their adult life. "But reaching state pension age should act as an important reminder to take a closer look.”