The King is to put on an exhibition of his artistic skills with a display of more than 40 paintings at Sandringham. They will go on show in the ballroom of his Norfolk residence when it opens to the public from April 1 until October 12. The 74-year-old monarch, who has long described himself as an “enthusiastic amateur” artist, will be showcasing his watercolours. A spokesman for the Sandringham estate said the paintings would show the monarch’s “creative interpretation of many British geographic landscapes and royal residences”. They include scenes he has painted in the Welsh hills, the Highlands, and at royal residences, including Windsor Castle, Highgrove, Birkhall, Balmoral Castle, and the countryside around the 20,000-acre Sandringham estate. King Charles never sells his originals but has been making money for his charitable foundation for many years by offering limited edition signed prints at up to £15,000 each. It was revealed in 2016 that sales of his prints had raised £6 million and the amount is believed to have soared since then. The King spoke of his love of painting in a 1991 book “HRH The Prince of Wales Watercolours” He said in the book: “I took up painting entirely because I found photography less than satisfying. “Quite simply, I experienced an overwhelming urge to express what I saw through the medium of watercolour and to convey that almost ‘inner’ sense of texture which is impossible to achieve via photography...” He also spoke in the book about the difficulty he had painting Sandringham House ,where the Royal Family gather at Christmas. READ MORE: Prince Harry diagnosed with new condition during live interview The King said in the book: “Until I tried to paint Sandringham I thought Balmoral was difficult enough…But Sandringham is in a league of its own, as I discovered the moment I started to draw the house. “It is a veritable minefield of gables, bow windows, parapets, balustrades, towers, cupolas and gigantic chimneys. “Trying to get the perspective right was an intriguing challenge in itself…I made life more difficult for myself by selecting a pretty impossible angle from which to do the painting, but I thought it would be more interesting than most others.” As Prince of Wales, Charles also contributed to a documentary in 2013 called Royal Paintbox which explored royal artists through the ages. Don't miss... Kylie Minogue turns down King Charles's Coronation performance [JUST IN] The seven clues Harry and Meghan may decline Coronation invite [ANALYSIS] King's Commonwealth day message to reflect fighting climate change [LATEST] In an interview for the documentary, he told how painting “transports me into another dimension which refreshes parts of the soul which other activities can’t reach”. He also spoke of his fascination with natural light, saying: “I think, you know, drawing from nature, observing from nature, is absolutely crucial. I’ve obviously been inspired by just looking. “It’s usually the light that catches my attention. You can look at the same view over and over again and then suddenly one moment, there’s the most magical light.” The cost of the exhibition is included in the price of a ticket to visit Sandringham House and its gardens, currently £23 for adults and free for children and carers.