Pippa Middleton's baby daughter, Rose got christened in a local Berkshire church, and both the Prince and Princess of Wales were in attendance, it is claimed. Rose, who was born in July 2022, is the third child of Pippa and her husband, financier James Matthews. The christening took place last week at their local village church in Berkshire. The Daily Mail's diary editor Richard Eden reported in his column that he was told that Kate and Prince William "both attended the service". Last month, Pippa enjoyed a family holiday with James and Rose, as well as their other two children, four-year-old Arthur and one-year-old Grace. The mother-of-three soaked up the sun, alongside her husband and their little ones. READ MORE: Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction The family were holidaying in St Barts, where the Matthews family owns the Eden Rock resort. The resort, which is one of the region's most exclusive hotels, has been a favourite holiday destination for many well-known celebrities, including Elton John. Pippa, like Kate, is known for her athletic physique. The Princess of Wales' younger sister has taken part in many sporting events over the years. READ MORE: Princess Kate and William could move into Andrew's Royal Lodge in latest Frogmore twist She previously completed the 50-mile ÖTILLÖ swimming and running event, which took place in Stockholm, Sweden. Pippa, who is also an ambassador of the British Heart Foundation, completed the event in an impressive 13 hours, four minutes and 24 seconds. In a previous interview with running brand Hoka, Pippa shared a rare insight into her and the Princess of Wales's childhood. She said: "[We] grew up in the countryside so being outdoors and involved in sport has been a passion and in my blood." DON'T MISS Prince Harry warned over 'explosive new chapter' in Spare [EXPERT]Harry & Meghan attack backfires after Kate and William take 'kicking' [INSIGHT]Kate and William wise to Harry and Meghan's 'mission of destruction' [COMMENT] She added: "My strongest memory of running as a young girl was prep school aged — around eight years old". As well as Pippa, Kate also has a younger brother, James. James recently expressed his gratitude to his two sisters, as the pair reportedly helped him through his darkest days.