The woodland where police found a child’s remains was just five minutes from where runaway aristocrat Constance Marten was arrested, it was claimed today. Officers were guarding the cordoned off wooded area today after yesterday’s discovery which was made while searching for the baby of Marten and her boyfriend.    The wooded area is just yards from a row of homes in the Hollingdean area of Brighton, East Sussex. It is also close to a footpath and green screens have been put up next to Lower Roedale allotments - a five-minute walk from where 35-year-old Marten and her convicted sex offender boyfriend Mark Gordon, 48, were arrested on Monday. They were arrested on suspicion of child neglect and gross negligence manslaughter and remain in custody. One nearby resident said: “Police arrived at around 4.45pm and told us they had found the baby. I believe it was found on the path in the woodland rather than in a shed or anything on the actual allotment site."    They added: “Police have been taking away boxes but I’m not sure what was inside them. It’s harrowing to know that poor little soul was found right here. Hearing the news broke my heart.” Police confirmed last night that remains of a baby were found in wooded area near to the arrest scene. No further details were revealed about the child - including its gender - and a post-mortem examination is to take place in due course. READ MORE: China’s Covid lab leak was 'intentional’, expert claims  When the couple was arrested their baby was not with them so police launched a search across 91-square miles of East Sussex for the missing child. Around 200 officers were involved in the search and a £10,000 reward was offered if anyone had any information to help locate their baby. On Tuesday morning Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford from the Met Police said they were "hopeful" the child was still alive. But the police later said there was a “possibility the baby has come to harm” during the couple’s seven weeks on the run. Marten and Gordon were reported missing after their car broke down on the hard shoulder of the motorway near Bolton, Greater Manchester, on January 5. When the vehicle was found it was on fire and the couple were nowhere to be seen.  DON'T MISSMum praised for transforming son into Prince Harry on World Book Day [PICTURED]'I queued an hour to visit Clarkson's farm shop but was underwhelmed' [OPINION]Prince Andrew 'resisting' Frogmore move as he doesn't want to downsize [REPORT]   Police believe that Marten had given birth in her car a few days before they went on the run. The Sun reports that before they disappeared it is believed that Marten withdrew £15,000 of cash and the pair bought burner phones with multiple sim cards. Police think that they had been sleeping outdoors in a tent and had travelled the country using cabs, after being spotted on CCTV buying camping equipment from an Argos in East London on January 7. Officers grew increasingly concerned for the welfare of the baby and the missing aristocrat and her boyfriend as the temperatures plummeted. Before being found this week, they were last seen with their baby in Newhaven, East Sussex, on January 9.   