Former greengrocer Gregg Wallace worked his way to fame and is now best known as one of the hosting judges of the MasterChef series. While his career has spanned more than 30 years, the Peckham-born chef only recently settled into family life. Since welcoming his first child in 2019, the 58-year-old has lived with his wife and in-laws at a beautiful property in the Kent countryside. His job may involve travelling across the country for various TV shows but Biddenden, a picturesque countryside village in the borough of Ashford is where Gregg and his family spend their days. The TV chef leads a quiet life surrounded by Kent's sprawling countryside with four family members - his wife Anne-Marie, their son Sid, and his in-laws Rina and Massimo. Of course, with plenty of greenery to enjoy around their home, the Wallaces also have two French Bulldogs to keep them company. Though it may seem unconventional, living in close quarters with his in-laws seems to work well for Gregg and his wife. READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ After welcoming their now three-year-old son Sid in 2019, the pair took up the offer of some live-in help from Anne-Marie's parents. Gregg said: "When they moved in, they wanted to contribute. I said: 'No way. You don’t need to spend your money anymore. Enjoy your retirement. Come and look after us'." The house itself has plenty of space for the family to make memories with Sid and the idyllic setting is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to its country charm. With traditional yet stylish decor throughout, the inviting property is the perfect mix of modern and homely. DON'T MISS...Aldi launches supersize candle dupes for £325 cheaper than Jo Malone [INSIGHT]The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home [REEVAL]Woman living rent-free and makes £26K a year residing in a 'tiny home' [ANALYSIS] Downstairs, the open-plan living area features a traditional brick fireplace as the central feature of the room. Exposed wooden beams and wide doorways throughout make the home cosy yet bright with sheer white curtains over the white french doors. A simple design of custard-cream walls and carpets can be seen in the hallways and living spaces, with solid wood furniture to match the white-washed panelling on the walls. The authentic country-style home is a little brighter in the sitting room, with pastel blue and pink shades used on the walls and armchairs. READ MORE: Dehumidifier vs air purifier benefits - one cuts energy bills by £150 There's no shortage of space for the family to sit in front of the fire or at the dining table together, and the dogs are spoilt for choice too. In a recent post on his Instagram profile (@greggawallace), the father-of-one shared a sweet picture of his mother-in-law Rina cosied up on the sofa with their two dogs. Replying to a fan in the comments, Gregg admitted that Wally is his "favourite" dog, though both seem equally loved by the whole family. Upstairs the cream decor continues into the master bedroom. Gregg and Anne-Marie's bedroom has light cream walls and carpets to match, with a metal bed frame and traditional wooden furniture, including a dressing table. While Sid has a room of his own, the Masterchef star admitted that his mother and father-in-law let their grandson sleep in their bedroom for "half of the week". Outside, the views don't disappoint either. Acres of uninterrupted views of the tree-lined sky and neat gravel pathway are visible from the house, with a twine archway leading to a large patio space and water fountain. Four-times-married Gregg was previously based in Whitstable, but 2017 saw him invest in the £1million farmhouse that he now calls home.