ABC’s hit drama The Good Doctor made its weekly return to screens with the major comeback of Dr Jared Kalu (played by Chuku Modu). Fans were enthralled to see the character back at St Bonaventure Hospital with a billionaire patient. Fans will recall Dr Kalu from the earlier seasons of The Good Doctor when he first joined the team as a Surgical resident. However, after just 10 episodes Dr Kalu was fired from the hospital, thanks to his personal relationship with his colleague, Dr Claire Brown (Antonia Thomas). After Jared discovered Claire was sexually harassed by Dr Matt Coyle (Eric Winter) he punched Coyle and later sued the hospital for discrimination. Since his last appearance in 2018, Jared made his triumphant return to Bonaventure Hospital and sparked a major fan frenzy.  READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find During the most recent episode, Jared paid his former colleagues a visit so they could help his patient Roland Barnes (Usman Ally). After leaving the hospital Jared became a personal physician to the fifth richest man in the world, who was seriously injured in a tiger attack. Fans were thrilled to see Jared back on screens and took to social media with excitement. Taking to Twitter, @jazzy_j_97 wrote: “JARED IS BACK BABY!!” An ecstatic @YoungEx20 tweeted: “Jared better be back for good cause I ain't playing I'ma start watching again!” (sic) @CunananIlah shared: “Yay! Jared is back!!” A fourth fan @LuvDani_xoxo added: “So Jared's coming back to St. Bon's? That's great!” @Sydvaughnfan2 asked: “IS JARED STAYING???” DON'T MISS...Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INSIGHT]The Good Doctor fans ecstatic as star makes bombshell comeback [REACTION]The Good Doctor season 6 episode 14 release date [INSIGHT] While @GorgeousGlenn remarked: “Listen I don't care if Jared mops the floor. I need him every episode he is fine af!” (sic) After Jared sued the hospital, he was allowed to return, but this didn’t sit well with Dr Neil Melendez (Nicolas Gonzalez) or Dr Marcus Andrews (Hill Harper). However, Jared eventually left St Bonaventure to continue his residency at Denver Memorial Hospital. Upon his season six return, Jared mentioned he was three years into his residency when he decided to leave and become a concierge doctor for Barnes. After working alongside Shaun Murphy (Freddie Highmore), Jared revealed he regretted his decision. During episode 15, Jared was able to make amends with Andrews and shared he wanted a second chance at continuing his residency at St Bonaventure. While Dr Audrey Lim (Christina Chang) didn’t have a slot for Jared as a third-year resident, he agreed to restart the program as a first-year. This means fans will be seeing more of Jared as he works through his residency under Shaun’s leadership.  The Good Doctor season 6 continues Mondays on ABC in the USA. 