The Bay is once again making a comeback with a new heartbreaking story at the centre of season four. Filming for the ITV series began in late 2022 with the show ready to make its debut tonight, Wednesday, March 8, at 9pm. During shooting for the drama, the cast and crew got very excited about another star who was in Morecambe at the same time. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Bay.Filming for The Bay can get intense, given the emotionally draining storylines it comes up with every series. So it's no wonder that when professional boxer Tyson Fury was spotted, the cast and crew got excited as a short break away from the long days of shooting. Although originally from Manchester, Fury did used to live in a house that overlooked Morecambe Bay. He then reportedly bought a £1.7million property in late December 2020 in Morecambe where he is still believed to be living. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Talking to press, including Express.co.uk, about seeing the 34-year-old sportsman, Tony Manning actor Daniel Ryan said: "If you have breakfast at the Midland Hotel, you will generally see him jogging with his entourage and one day, our base was by where his personal gym is. "He had an open top Ferrari where he had a few photos taken and all the rest of it but I don't know if he likes the show or watches it." DS James "Clarkie" Clarke actor Andrew Dowbiggin went on to paint a slightly more hectic picture of the events. He added: "He enjoyed the photographs by his boxing club for the first 10 minutes but when there were 50 of us asking for photos I think it soon wore thin." The Bay star Marsha Thomason admitted she isn't exactly his biggest fan but there was someone else on set who couldn't contain his happiness. "I'll tell you who saw him and was beside himself, was Will Oldfield who plays one of the children in the family", she said. "It became a kind of running bit for us because the one day when he'd seen him, he couldn't stop talking about it." Don't miss... Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead [SPOILER] William and Kate savaged by James Corden as he mocks waxwork of royals [ROYAL] The Bay's Marsha Thomason details ‘fiasco’ on set filming series 4 [CAST] Thomason continued: "And you know, I'm going to admit, I wouldn't know Tyson Fury if I fell on him. "I've no idea. I know he's a big deal but I don't follow that sport, I live on the other side of the world, I don't know. "I probably did see him but have no idea. He just walked past. "But Will, he was so, so, so excited and he would talk about it all day and then it became a running bit where every day when I would see him, he would be like 'I've seen Tyson Fury", he was so thrilled." Season four will focus on the devastating impact of a house fire on a family in town. The blaze leads to the death of the family's mum, leaving the dad who hasn't been very hands-on in recent years, to try and look after their children on their own. But how will he cope without his wife and was the fire really an accident? The Bay season four premieres on Wednesday, March 8 at 9pm on ITV.