Prince Harry is attempting to brand Meghan Markle as "Mother Theresa", according to a royal expert. The Duke made a media appearance over the weekend in which he sat down with Dr Gabor Maté to discuss his drug use, mental health and even his self-proclaimed "broken home" at the heart of the Royal Family. During the therapy session, Prince Harry praised his wife Meghan Markle as an "exceptional human being" and claimed "people have said that my wife saved me." However, not everyone was convinced. Royal commentator and expert Kinsey Schofield took aim at the Duke's comments in a recent interview. "I don't understand that commentary at all whatsoever except that this is just the continued narrative that Harry is trying to thrust on us. That Meghan is not the bad guy," Ms Schofield told Skynews.com.au. The host of the To Di For Daily podcast continued: "She's Diana 2.0. A modern day Mother Theresa.  "That's just something that they are trying to shove down our throats because we've seen through it all and understand that these problems didn't start happening within the family until a certain member was introduced and that's Meghan Markle." During the interview with Dr Maté, Prince Harry didn't just discuss his wife. The Duke also spoke about his past drug use which included cocaine, marijuana and psychedelics, something he also detailed in his memoir Spare. "[Cocaine] didn’t do anything for me, it was more a social thing and gave me a sense of belonging for sure, I think it probably also made me feel different to the way I was feeling, which was kind of the point," said Prince Harry. He added: "Marijuana is different, that actually really did help me."  READ MORE: Prince Harry is 'only interested in promoting himself' Speaking on psychedelics Prince Harry said: "It was the cleaning of the windshield, removal of life's filters. It removed it all for me and brought me a sense of relaxation, release, comfort, a lightness that I managed to hold onto for a period of time. "For me I started doing it recreationally and then started to realise how good it was for me." However, again, Ms Schofield wasn't so sure. "The lightness you're describing Harry is called being high. I mean, it brings new meaning to Your Highness," she said. Now royal watchers are waiting to see whether the Sussexes will attend King Charles's Coronation later this year on May 6. Although Meghan and Harry confirmed they have received an invitation, they have yet to RSVP to the event. 