An elderly man trapped in snow for nearly a week survived on croissants, sweets and biscotti. Jerry Jouret, 81, became encased in snow after his car veered off course during blizzard conditions which made visibility difficult. An image released by police shows his SUV buried on a narrow road in California, where freak weather continues to strike. Jerry set off from his mountain house in popular hiking spot Big Pine, in the Eastern Sierra region, on February 24. He was returning to the family home in Nevada, which is a three-hour drive on a good day. California was about to be pummelled by a series of snow storms and Jerry thought he could beat the blizzard. During the drive, the grandad accidentally veered onto a smaller road and his SUV became stuck near Gilbert Pass - a mountainous area located just 15 miles from his home. Temperatures in the area plummeted from the mid-30s into the teens overnight as Jerry entered survival mode. READ MORE: Mystery as dad found 'rotting' in rolled up carpet after vanishing on work trip The mathematician was ill-equipped for the weather, wearing only a light windbreaker, his grandson Christian said. “He’s pretty small,” Christian told CNN. “He doesn’t have a whole lot of meat on his bones.” A light quilt and a hotel bath towel were the only layers Jerry had to keep himself warm, he said. Described by his grandson as resourceful, he stayed with his car and conserved his vehicle’s gas and battery, only turning the SUV on periodically to warm up. He survived by eating the few snacks he had in his car - croissants, sweets and biscotti - and also rolled down his window occasionally to eat snow. Don't miss... Horrifying moment gran is grabbed by huge alligator and dragged away [LATEST] Harry and Meghan request to trademark 'Archetypes' declined [LATEST] New details emerge over Bryan Kohberger's behaviour as police moved in [LATEST] Jerry had found myself in the middle of a series of snow storms that battered the region during late February and early March. Governor Gavin Newsom‘s office said in a news release on Sunday that officials have removed more than 7.2 million cubic yards of snow off state highways in San Bernardino County as of March 4 — an amount that could fill roughly 2,270 Olympic-size swimming pools. Search crews have rescued Californians stranded for days in multiple feet of snow after back-to-back storms blasted the state’s mountain communities, leaving many residents, like Jerry, trapped. READ MORE: £1.6 billion lottery jackpot winner sued as man claims ticket was 'stolen' Midway through the third day, Jouret’s car battery died while he was rolling the electric window back up, his grandson said. It remained open a few inches for the duration of his unfortunate adventure. On February 28, the Inyo County Sheriff’s Office received “a callout for a missing person”, the office said in a Facebook post. Inyo County Search and Rescue teams planned search missions the next day, but were forced to delay due to safety concerns posed by the winter storm, according to a post from the sheriff’s office. Then, on March 2, a cell phone ping identified by a California Highway Patrol team helped narrow the search area and once weather allowed, helicopter crews were deployed. As one team headed to refuel the aircraft, the pilot spotted something he initially thought was a large rock. A closer look revealed a vehicle – and the pilot spotted an arm waving out of the small opening in the car window. “Within a short period of time, they identified a vehicle partially buried in snow,” the sheriff’s office said. “The CHP crew loaded the person onboard and transported him directly to Bishop Airport for transport to medical care…The subject was discharged from the hospital later that evening.”