A new study from Millets looked for the best destinations to spot wildlife in the UK. The top staycation hotspot for wildlife has been described as “stunning”. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Fly to New York from £1 with incredible BA offer The Scottish Highlands were crowned the best place in the UK to spot wildlife with York close behind. A haven for creatures large and small, the Highlands is home to several unique animals that can be hard to spot elsewhere. Top of the list is the Highland cow. Tourists will be able to spot herds of the shaggy bovines grazing the landscapes. The Scottish wildcat is very rare and tourists will be lucky to catch a glimpse of one of the large felines. Don't miss... ‘Quirky’ British city is one of the world's best staycations [INSPIRATION] How to get cheap train tickets: Hidden deals for the ‘best price’ [DEAL] Travel expert explains the five foods to avoid before a flight [WARNING] One of the greatest risks to the Scottish wildcat’s survival is its habit of breeding with domestic cats. Tourists will be especially lucky if they spot a pine marten, a small tree dwelling creature that's notoriously one of the region’s hardest animals to spot. If visitors take to the seas on a boat tour, they could be in with the chance of spotting a humpback whale or dolphin. The Highlands are also home to red deer which are only found in a few places across the UK. READ MORE: ‘Beautiful’ British beach has a special connection to Kate Middleton York is one of the UK’s best places to birdwatch with common sightings of blackbirds and bluetits. The first blackbird song is usually heard at the end of January or in early February but the birds sing throughout the spring. Blackbirds typically like to spring after it has rained so a wet April day could be the perfect time to listen out. Bluetits are one of the UK’s most attractive birds and are a common sight in gardens across Britain. A tourist who visited Glen Etive, one of the region's best wildlife spots, wrote on Tripadvisor said: "Stunning views. Deer will come down from the mountains in winter and can be quite friendly." According to Millets’ research, November is the best time of year to spot wildlife in the British Isles. However, British tourists are most likely to spot the UK’s largest tit, the great tit, during March. King’s Lynn and West Norfolk took the third spot on the list and is a great area for birdwatching. The New Forest District landed just outside the top five destinations for wildlife, with the region’s wild ponies one of the most popular animals.