Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag has revealed that he is pleased with how his side have remained focused despite their Carabao Cup success over the weekend. The Dutchman secured his first trophy at the club after overseeing a 2-0 win against Newcastle at Wembley Stadium. Casemiro and Marcus Rashford scored against the Magpies in a dominant performance that indicated just how quickly United are progressing under Ten Hag. Despite losing his opening two games at the club, Ten Hag has made his side defensively solid and has breathed a new lease of life into their attack. The Old Trafford outfit still have a chance of winning the quadruple this season, though a treble is more likely. After knocking out Barcelona, United are one of the favourites to win the Europa League and also are one of the few ‘Big Six’ sides still in the FA Cup. Thus, Ten Hag was happy with how his side were not desperate to soak up the celebrations after their success in the Carabao Cup because they were focused on upcoming matches against West Ham and Liverpool. Writing in the matchday programme ahead of the clash with the Hammers, he said: “l am delighted that we have our first trophy together, but all our efforts now must be on making sure that it is not the last… now that we all have a taste of success together, the aim is to make sure it is on the menu again soon. “What perhaps pleased me the most on Sunday was to see and hear all the players saying the same thing in the dressing room: they are not happy to ease up now that they have won a trophy and they are more determined than ever to keep winning more and more.” The United squad travelled back to Manchester after their success at Wembley and returned to training on Monday to prepare for the match, and Luke Shaw believes that the Carabao Cup win made the team more focused rather than prompting players to be complacent. He said: “I think we are in that moment now where we have got the taste of one and after a long while we want more. We are still in three competitions and we want to look to do our best and hopefully add many more trophies to this collection. ''If you look at the start of the season, how we started, nobody would have thought we would have won our first trophy six/seven months later. It's a credit to him [Erik] the way he has transformed the team and he has brought that winning spirit back. We as players really believe in him and we are really enjoying playing under him. Hopefully, this is just the start of something special.''