Commuters at Jukjeon Station in the South Korean city of Yongin are reported to have been injured in a mass stabbing attack. The news first broke out through a witness who shared the information on Twitter. The motive behind the attack is still unclear. According to the eyewitness, the incident occurred in the evening rush hour, and chaos erupted as people tried to flee the scene. According to South Korean media reports, three people were hurt when a lady in her 40s brandished a weapon inside a Suin Bundang Line train as it approached Jukjeon Station in Yongin City, Gyeonggi Province, at around 5:44 pm. A passenger reported that a woman was attempting to stab someone on the train with a knife two minutes before arriving at Jukjeon Station. According to reports, a woman in her 40s and another passenger in her 60s were having an argument when the lady in her 40s abruptly pulled her weapon out of her bag and brandished it. READ MORE: Russian recession tipped to deepen in 'turning point year' Two elderly ladies in their 60s and a man in his 50s were stabbed in the left thigh, right cheek, and under the right eye, but it was determined that none of the wounds were life-threatening. The attacker was reportedly restrained by a fellow passenger and held until police arrived. Seoul Regional Railroad Special Judicial Police Corps later arrested the woman on charges of special injury, and an investigation into the attack is underway.  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express DON'T MISS: Defiant pensioner blares siren outside Russian diplomat’s house [REPORT]Russia to imprison critics of illegal Wagner Group for up to 15 years  [REVEAL]Putin's botched PR stunt which left an endangered tiger dead  [INSIGHT]