Lady Louise Windsor is the only member of her family who hasn't seen her title changed following King Charles's decision to give his younger brother the Dukedom of Edinburgh. Buckingham Palace announced on the 59th birthday of Prince Edward he has become the new Duke of Edinburgh. Sophie, who became the Countess of Wessex upon marrying Prince Edward in 1999, is now to be known as the Duchess of Edinburgh. And their son James, who was given the title of Viscount Severn by Queen Elizabeth II, will now become the new Earl of Wessex. A statement by Buckingham Palace read: "His Majesty The King has been pleased to confer the Dukedom of Edinburgh upon The Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex and Forfar, on the occasion of His Royal Highness’s 59th birthday. "The title will be held by Prince Edward for His Royal Highness’s lifetime. "The Dukedom was last created for Prince Philip in 1947, upon his marriage to Princess Elizabeth, who held the title of Duchess of Edinburgh before acceding to the throne in 1952. "The new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential." While James has inherited his father's old title, he will not acquire the Dukedom of Edinburgh, which will instead revert to the Crown following Edward's death. The new titles for the members of the Wessex family have already been changed on the Royal Family's official website, Royal.uk. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan issue new statement defending children's titles While Edward and Sophie's daughter is missing out on a new title, she is believed to be still eligible to start styling herself as HRH Princess Louise. As they were born during the reign of Elizabeth II, both James and Louise were entitled from birth to the titles of Prince and Princess. However, it was agreed between the late Queen and the Wessexes the children would not take on these titles but, rather, they'd be styled as the son and daughter of an Earl. Speaking about the issue of James and Louise's title, Sophie told the Times in the summer of 2020: "We try to bring them up with the understanding they are very likely to have to work for a living. Hence we made the decision not to use HRH titles. Don't miss... King ‘shot himself in foot’ with Archie and Lilibet's title delay [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug'  [ANALYSIS] "They have them and can decide to use them from 18, but I think it’s highly unlikely." Louise turned 19 in November 2022 and has not yet publicly expressed her wish to take on her royal title. The daughter of the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh started studying English at St Andrews University - where the Prince and Princess of Wales met and studied for four years - last September.