Whether you are on BT, EE, Virgin or TalkTalk, your provider has almost certainly told you that your broadband or phone bills will be going up next month. It's a worrying time for millions of homes already struggling with household bills but there could be an easy way to slash the monthly outgoings. The experts at Which? have offered some urgent tips to try and help save you from forking out extra cash.The consumer champion has dished out vital advice to customers using popular telecoms companies such as BT, Virgin, Three and EE - who are all hiking prices by over 14 percent in the coming weeks. Which? has stressed that if you are out of contract, you are under no obligation to accept any price rise and are free to shop around for a better deal. Express.co.uk has previously highlighted some of the best Sim-only deals on offer that could encourage you to make the switch.Shopping around and switching providers can save you hundred of pounds in some cases, says Which?. Sky Mobile, for instance, is one of the only providers that does not raise prices mid-contract for mobile contract customers. READ MORE: Best Sky deals | FREE TV with Sky Glass, broadband deals, and more And if you are on a rolling provider like Giffgaff or Smarty, typical inflation-based rises also do not apply. If you do decide to make the switch, Which? advises that you check the T&Cs (terms and conditions) of any new contract carefully first so that you understand your new provider's policy on future price rises. But if you are unwilling to look elsewhere when your contract ends, Which? suggest that you negotiate a new contract or haggle to arrange fresh terms with your current provider. In January, Which? found that customers who made the effort to negotiate with their broadband and TV provider saved an average of £90 a year. Which? also says customers within the minimum term of their contract fearing they may not be able to cope with a higher monthly price can also ask their provider what support is on offer. One such measure of additional support are social tariffs. These are special discounted deals available for some low-income customers. Vodafone's social broadband tariff is £12 a month for 38Mbps speeds. BT Home Essentials offers 36Mbps speeds for £15 a month, while Virgin Media Essentials is £12.50 a month for 15Mbps speeds. TalkTalk offers free average 38Mb speed of broadband-only internet for six months. If you don’t meet the criteria for a social tariff, regulator Ofcom has specified that broadband providers must do all they can to keep you connected. As well as Which?, customers are also flooding Twitter with cost-cutting advice too. Twitter user@mcp95_ posted a cheeky tip online: “If anyone is with Virgin Media and their bill is going up next month due to inflation, phone up and say you are thinking of leaving and they will offer you £3.50 off your bill each month without even speaking to anyone. Covers the cost mine was rising so can’t complain. @mercede72928186 posted on Twitter: “So my Virgin media bill went from £27-£45 overnight . On Sunday I phoned to cancel and gave 30 day notice. A new contract with Talk Talk was set up. Virgin later phoned me offering a new contract costing £19 for the fastest broadband." So, the advice is pretty clear...there's only a few weeks left until bills go up and now is vital time to check your contract and make some money-saving changes.