If you’ve noticed your energy bills, particularly your electric bill is higher than normal, your fridge could be the culprit. According to experts from ADK Kooling, if your electric bill is consistently increasing and it can’t be attributed to your energy company’s policies or global events, it could be down to a “faulty fridge”. The experts have shared seven common signs that your fridge could be “dying” and causing an increase in your electricity bills. If your bills are rising, this is usually down to cold air escaping through a broken or ageing seal around the fridge door. If this is the case, every other part of the fridge - the evaporator, fans, thermostats and condenser - has to work harder to keep your food cool. The experts continued: “Food particles can also sometimes build up on your refrigerator’s seals, leaving behind a sticky residue that can accelerate the tearing process. “You can prevent this by regularly cleaning the seals with warm, soapy water. “One final reason could simply be that your fridge freezer is too old. Many people put off buying a new model because they think it’s cheaper to hang on to the old one, but the opposite is the case. New refrigerator models are more energy-efficient and actually save people money.” READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge - Prince Andrew's £30m home Even a small temperature change is enough to spoil food but unfortunately, this is a fault that can go unnoticed for weeks. Common signs of this problem include milk turning sour before its expiration date, mould growing on bread and butter going soft. Check your fridge’s temperature gauge as it could simply be that it's been knocked by items in the fridge. However, it could also be a problem with the fridge itself which means it needs to be fixed as soon as possible. DON'T MISSTwo easy methods to clean your patio without a pressure washer [INSIGHT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [UPDATE]Cleaning solutions to ‘avoid’ using on your sofas [ANALYSIS] Fridges and freezers can actually be too cold. In fact, the UK Food Standards Agency said cold temperatures of a domestic freezer should be -18°C in order to stop germs from growing. If freezers are prone to frost building up, it could be down to either the gap in the door seal allowing warm air in which then turns into frost, or there could be something wrong with the refrigerator defrosting sensor. The experts said: “Frost and ice build-up isn’t always a big problem - sometimes it just happens. However, it shouldn’t be in the freezer. “If you’ve got a buildup, it could be that your unit is struggling to keep to the right temperature. To experiment, take your time and eat all of the food in the freezer as you normally would. “Then when you’ve got a few hours, turn the fridge freezer off, open the freezer door, and let the ice thaw.” Once the freezer is clear of frost and ice, it can be turned off again. If the frost and ice start to quickly build up again then it’s likely your freezer needs a repair. READ MORE: Two easy methods to clean your patio without a pressure washer Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea A silent fridge isn’t a good sign. Your fridge should make a humming sound throughout the day. If it’s silent but the light is on, the compressor could be broken. Try turning the thermostat to a really low, cold setting to kickstart the compressor. If this doesn’t work, then the compressor is broken and needs to be repaired. However, if it’s not the compressor, it could be a faulty defrosting system. The light in your fridge should always switch off automatically when the door is closed. If the light stays on, it will start to warm the interior of the fridge. You can check if the bulb switches off by opening the door a bit or closing it almost fully and looking into it. The light should normally only switch on after the door has been opened an inch. Alternatively, you can feel the light bulb with your hand. If it’s hot, it has probably been on for a while. The main cause of this is usually the light switch button itself. Luckily, this is an easy repair that can be done yourself. However, a specialist may be required if it’s a more complex problem. A small amount of condensation isn’t usually a problem but if there’s an excessive amount, it could indicate your fridge is not cooling correctly. Usually, a faulty door seal is the problem as they can crack and tear open allowing the cool air from the fridge to escape. Leakage and puddles of water on the floor could be one of a plethora of problems. The doors may not be closing properly, the drip pan may be broken, hoses from the drip pan could be dislodged, there could be a buildup of frost and ice inside and the freezer could be clogged.