Martin Henderson recently took to Instagram to confirm season five of Virgin River has now entered its post-production stage, with the Jack Sheridan star posing in the studio. While his update was enough to send excitement levels rising, Mel Monroe’s Alexandra Breckenridge has gone one step further by dropping a prediction on when exactly Netflix subscribers can expect the new episodes. However, Breckenridge’s latest update hasn’t sat down with a number of the Virgin River fandom. Fans have been without new episodes of Virgin River since July 2022 when the fourth season arrived on Netflix in its entirety. But given seasons four and five were renewed and given the green light at the same time, many expected the gap between the two instalments to be a relatively short one. But speaking on Cameo, it appears this won’t be the case as Breckenridge predicted fans will be waiting approximately a year between seasons. READ MORE: The Walking Dead fans fume at new Dead City trailer over 'lazy' plot She said in a clip [via @VRPassionate/Twitter]: “The fifth season… this is the fifth season coming? Yeah! “That’ll come out probably, I don’t know, maybe July again? I’m not really sure. “Nobody’s updated me on the timeline yet. But yeah, fingers crossed for season six!” Inevitably, Virgin River fans everywhere reacted to Breckenridge’s tease, and many weren’t too pleased. After the update was shared by a fan account @melckvirginriver on Instagram, many voiced their opinions. Instagram user @remarkablerobyn fumed: “Totally ridiculous the excuses for why taking so long!!! “Other series are not taking as long. You won't lose us but a lot of people will have lost interest waiting so long.” While @rosemarydunworth echoed the same frustrations: “Far too long between series!” DON'T MISS:Katy Perry slammed for ‘trying to take over’ American Idol auditionNCIS LA's Marilu Henner drops disappointing update on Kilbride and exThe Blacklist fans fume at 'missing' James Spader in season 10 opener And @lindamarie717 weighed in: “I wish it would come sooner.” Fellow Virgin River fan @jworley20122019 remarked: “I’ve said so many times that when you’re old and not sure how many days you have left the time between each season is just to da— long! “I’m never going to get involved in a seasonal program again! I dropped Bridgerton.” Some Virgin River fans weren’t too disappointed, however, with the likes of @riandadeunk expressing their excitement: “Can’t wait. and I'm waiting for season 6 to be announced.” While @delidiva1948 agreed: “Can't wait for Season 5...6...7..etc. can never get enough of them!!!!” (Sic) Whenever season five arrives, there is plenty of dramatic storylines fans will want answers to. From the true paternity of Charmaine’s (Lauren Hammersley) twins to Mel and Jack’s own pregnancy, season five will surely deliver more gut-wrenching scenes than ever before. Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.