Shoppers are flocking to buy a knife that is so high quality thart professional chefs have said that they were 'stunned' when using it - and there's a way to get it 10% off. Katto's Chef Knife is the kitchen essential in quesiton with it quickly building up over 100 five-star reviews and chef's insisting that it lasts two weeks longer than the average knife before it needs sharpening. The 8.5" Japanese AUS-10 steel blade is of such great quality and shoppers can add a personalised touch with an engraving option of the hand carved handle. Handle options include walnut, beech or rosewood. One shopper wrote: "Bought this knife to use for my job as a chef and honestly stunned at the quality, usually I’m having to sharpen knives before and after I use them every time but this blade went a whole 2 weeks without having to sharpen once. For the price point it really can’t be beaten especially with the sleek design. I’m in love with this blade!" A second penned: "This is the first proper knife I have bought for myself because I felt that it was time to invest in one and I have not been disappointed! The build quality of the knife is amazing and it cuts through so smoothly. Highly recommend!" A third said: "We love this knife. I ordered it one day and it arrived the next. My brother is a professional chef and it was a gift for him. I would recommend these knives." Shoppers can get 10% off when they subscribe to the Katto newsletter, but there's more perks than just a discount code. This discount code is valid on any products on the site. Subscribers will also get exclusive access to Katto's Workshop Seconds Sale (where you can find nearly perfect knives with 30% off). Not only that but subscribers are given exclusive early access to limited edition products, invites to Katto's subscribers-exclusive events and every week they'll be sent a newsletter with new recipes and restaurant recommendations on a Friday. You can sign up to the newsletter and shop the full Katto range here.