Dallas Mavericks star Luka Doncic has drawn comparisons to some of the NBA’s greatest players ever since joining the league in 2018. Doncic’s ball dominant style has evoked prime James Harden at times, while his passing abilities have been reminiscent of a Larry Bird or Magic Johnson. However, after watching the 24-year-old orchestrate a 133-126 thumping of the Philadelphia 76ers that featured 40-point games for each of the Mavericks’ All-Star duo, NFL hall-of-famer Shannon Sharpe opted for a LeBron James comparison instead. Speaking on his show Undisputed alongside Skip Bayless, the pundit saw shades of the NBA all-time leading points scorer as Doncic enabled his new running mate to get a feel for the action. Sharpe said he could ‘see a lot of LeBron in Luka’ and recalled how the great would also act as a facilitator for Irving while the pair were in Cleveland. “‘I’m 6’7, I can jump down on the block, I can get whatever I need’,” a hypothetical Sharpe said of James. “LeBron was saying ‘Kyrie get going because I know what I can do on the block, I can get mine.’ So he let Kyrie get off and when Kyrie got going he'd say ‘Okay, now it’s me’.” MUST READ Shaquille O'Neal's ginormous net worth won't be shared with "upset" children Doncic’s 40-point, 12 assist game was certainly reminiscent of the 38-year-old in his prime as he laid on several dimes for his sharpshooting teammates. In last night’s win the Mavericks incredibly shot 52.1% of their 48 three-pointers on their way to a much needed victory. It came after a series of single-possession defeats and at least two agonising last second misses from Irving. Despite Thursday’s resounding result, questions still remain over which of the two stars will be entrusted with the final shot come play-off time. They’ve both shown themselves capable of handling the pressure, but will it be the case of too many cooks? Sharpe’s co-star Bayless raised that very same issue asking: “Who’s going to do it? Whose turn? Which way are you going to do it?” “Whoever’s hot,” Sharpe replied. Whether that’ll be enough to see the Mavericks make a deep play-off run will determine their season, and maybe Irving’s future with the franchise.