As I expected, the BBC’s director general Tim Davie, no doubt helped by a couple of drudges from the corporation’s “publicity” department, has reinstated Gary Lineker and cooked up a batch of fudge designed to convince licence-fee payers that Auntie is in safe hands.  Meanwhile, founder Lord Reith is turning somersaults in his grave and the corporation has chunks of egg cascading down its face as 500,000 more viewers tuned in to Match of The Day without any presenters to interrupt the beautiful game. Painfully late and in their usual bumblingly inept fashion, the highly paid Beeb bosses have scrambled frantically to tell us one thing while doing another. BBC presenters all sign contracts stating that they “must not bring the BBC into disrepute”. I’ve scrawled my signature on 10 such documents in the last 20 years. The terms are clear. Political impartiality is stipulated. Rivulets of sub-clauses spell out the prohibitions. And social media is part of that deal.  If you are taking the public’s shilling you forfeit the right to mouth off about government policy. You can shout about breast-feeding at work, the demise of the High Street or the difficulties of the menopause. You just have to button it up on matters political. It makes no difference if you’re hosting a gardening show, a wildlife documentary or sports highlights. Unless, of course, you happen to be big box office and your bosses are cowards. Take Gary Lineker. He is a hero, the kind of goose that BBC bosses don’t dare say “boo” to. So he crassly and inaccurately compares the Government’s language to that of the Third Reich? So what? Let him pontificate. Don’t upset Gary. No matter that Holocaust survivors, their families and those with relatives who fought in the Second World War are appalled. Do nothing until every media outlet is besieged by furious folk baying for the DG’s blood or Gary’s. It is horrifying that an institution renowned worldwide for the eloquence and excellence of its communication is presided over by dithering David Brents, careering from existential crises to catastrophe. Auntie has been pulverised by a posse of its own sports presenters. Wright, Shearer et al have shown more guts than the fearful suits, even if their grasp of 1930s history is ropey. Hence this directorial climbdown. What a woeful waste of time and our money.  While a minor awards ceremony was taking place in LA, I was at a stellar event in London. British filmmaker Fredi Nwaka created The Power of a Woman Awards to recognise the achievements of women of colour. Hollywood’s A-listers should have taken fashion tips from the resplendent women there. Overcoming racism and adversity while overthrowing expectations and annihilating limitations was the winners’ hallmark. I was honoured to be given the Allies Award! Writing this the day after I am still coasting on a wave of sisterhood.  You might remember Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady, mouth full of marbles, intoning at Professor Higgins’ behest Lord Tennyson’s magnificent lines: “With blackest moss the flower-pots. Were thickly crusted one and all.” Don’t consign the image to poetic fantasy. We gardeners are now warned of an impending moss infestation. Weather conditions are apparently perfect for moss spores. Fans of perfectly striped lawns will have a bloody battle on their hands. The choice is clear: spend the summer on hands and knees ferociously purging this mossy incursion, or sit comfortably in a deckchair, swigging cocktails while watching the ravening moss vanquish swathes of grass. Make mine a pina colada.  Full marks for Oscar fabulosity go to Lady Gaga. The woman nailed it. She swanned up the beige carpet in a see-through black Versace gown. Seen from the front she was a flawless icon of poise and elegance. From the rear, the sheer inlets plunged so far that tattooed messages etched upon her posterior cheeks could be clearly observed. It wasn’t enough that she simultaneously encapsulated both chic and vulgarity before and aft. Lady G then went on to remove every layer of maquillage, shrugged on a pair of well-worn jeans and normcore T-shirt, and sang the soul out of Hold My Hand to a standing ovation from the usually jaded audience. Not bad going from one woman in an action-packed evening.  Being happy is ephemeral. Usually, we realise that we’ve experienced that beatific state too late to enjoy it. Something unutterably ghastly happens and with a sickening clunk, it dawns on us that yesterday afternoon, eating a slice of lemon drizzle cake in the sunshine, we were entirely happy. Only when we are jolted into a reverie do we appreciate the fleeting nature of happiness. Jennifer Saunders, above, gets it. The Ab Fab star has schooled herself to remember that happiness is a “treat on top of everything else and life is hard work sometimes”. Note to gurus and self-help tsars promoting the notion that we can – if we try hard enough – attain earthly bliss. There’s no such thing. Muddling through is often the best we can hope for and for most of us, most of the time that’s good enough.  OUR motorways are clogged with garbage. Too many unprincipled dumpers swoop along, hurling detritus out of speeding vehicles. Litter louts go unpunished unless they are literally caught in the act by passing policemen. Jeremy Paxman has had enough and supports Clean Up Britain, which wants fines to rise from £150 to £1,000 and drivers convicted of littering at the wheel to have six penalty points pinged on their licences. Rightly appalled, Paxo asks: “What is it with the British? It didn’t used to be like this.” Let’s get cracking on tackling these filth spreaders pronto while bearing in mind that way back in the 1960s we wore badges emblazoned with the slogan “Keep Britain Tidy”. Why? Because – then as now – it wasn’t tidy at all. 