Tottenham have reportedly identified Fulham boss Marco Silva as a leading candidate to replace Antonio Conte as their manager over the summer. The Italian is expected to leave Spurs at the end of the season when his contract expires, despite the club holding a one-year option. The former Chelsea boss has been unable to end Tottenham’s trophy drought and the club looks no closer to winning any pieces of silverware. And with repetitious speculation that Conte could walk away from the club due to unaligned ambitions, Spurs appear to be keen to part ways with their manager. Mauricio Pochettino has been heavily cited as a firm favourite to return to the club, with the Argentine making it no secret that he feels he has unfinished business in north London. Though The Independent report that it is not a foregone conclusion that he would accept the job, with the potential vacancy at Real Madrid proving enticing, amongst other ‘complications’. It has also been revealed that Tottenham are looking at other targets, with The Sun reporting that the club are keen admirers of Silva and have been impressed by his work at Craven Cottage so far this season. Don't miss... Liverpool's four options to replace Klopp to become three after talks [LATEST] The former Everton boss has guided Fulham to eighth in the Premier League and given them an outsider's chance of securing European football, with a top-half finish widely regarded as incredible progress being made by the London club. As a result, Spurs have highlighted Silva as a leading contender to replace Conte and are hopeful that they will be able to prise him away from Fulham if they make an approach. Don't miss... Man Utd ‘concerned about Levy’ and have two Kane back-up options [LATEST] Tottenham transfer talks for Lenglet at 'standstill' and may collapse [TRANSFER] Tottenham make decision on talking to Conte replacements right now [NEWS] Tottenham have been urged to consider more left-field options by Tony Cascarino though, with the ex-Chelsea boss suggesting Burnley manager Vincent Kompany as an option. He told The Times: “I think it’s time they were much bolder and more original in their thinking — they need to think like Arsenal. When they appointed Mikel Arteta in December 2019, Arsenal made a bold decision but it was bold because Arteta was young and lacked experience. “It wasn’t bold in terms of talent — he was a highly regarded young coach and tipped by many to succeed Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. Well, now there’s another young, inexperienced manager who is being tipped to be a future City manager — Vincent Kompany. “Guardiola himself said in the past week that he believes Kompany could be a future City manager so why don’t Tottenham, a club in need of enthusiasm and fresh impetus and ideas appoint the next bright young manager around instead of going for the usual names?” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE