Good Morning Britain's weather presenter Alex Beresford has issued a warning as he called it a risk to the public to be too immersed in the private affairs within the Royal Family. It comes after Prince Harry and Meghan Markle received an invitation to King Charles's Coronation. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are "expected" to attend the King's Coronation in May, it is claimed. Buckingham Palace is making plans for Prince Harry and Meghan to attend the King’s Coronation, The Daily Mail reported. Insiders caution there has been no word yet that the couple has formally accepted King Charles’s invitation, which their spokesman revealed was recently sent to them in California "by email". Taking to Twitter today, Alex, 42, shared his thoughts as the forecaster said he hoped for a royal reconciliation. READ MORE: Nina Warhurst headed to work with son after forgetting to drop him off He tweeted: "It appears there’s Royal invitations flying back and forth? I sincerely hope there’s some reconciling going on in private, behind closed doors! "As for the rest of us, we don't always have to understand. Meddling in another’s family comes with risk. One day they might unite [prayer hand emoji]." Some of his 241,000 followers replied as Diana penned: "Most families have rifts sometimes. But fortunately for us plebs the bust ups are in private! Frankly I'm fed up with the whinging Windsors." Sandee commented: "yup" with the hashtag "#leavepeoplebusinessalone."  TSP agreed: "Very wise." Following the news, Harry and Meghan could return to the UK in May for the Coronation. One source told the Mail last night: "Harry and Meghan are being factored into all of the planning.... the cars, the seating plans, dining arrangements, everything." The Sussexes have been at the centre of media attention, since they stepped down from their royal duties in 2020, with claims thrown at the institution as well as accusations aimed at members of the Royal Family. Speculation halted last week, when a spokesperson confirmed the Sussexes had received an invite. Elsewhere, Harry and Meghan's daughter has been christened at the couple's California home. The couple's spokesperson said members of the Royal Family were invited to the christening. Lilibet is the second child of Harry and Meghan and their son Archie was born in May 2019. Although Lilibet was not given a royal title at birth, Buckingham Palace have confirmed she and her brother's titles Miss and Master will be "updated in due course" to prince and princess. Also, Lilibet was not a princess at birth, because she was not a granddaughter of the monarch, she gained the right to that title when King Charles acceded to the throne. Last week, it emerged that the king had requested the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to "vacate" their UK-based home, Frogmore Cottage. The couple last stayed at the property during their visit in June 2022, for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee.