Leicester City have maintained their support for Brendan Rodgers throughout a lacklustre 2022/23 season. But with the Foxes now just three points off rock-bottom in the Premier League after defeat to Southampton, a change could be on the horizon at the King Power Stadium. Leicester have lost four successive games, including a 2-1 home loss to Championship side Blackburn Rovers to crash out of the FA Cup. And with their league position also looking precarious, Express Sport looks at four potential replacement routes Leicester could take. The overwhelmingly popular candidate appears to be Brentford manager Thomas Frank, who has worked wonders in west London. Frank oversaw the Bees' promotion to the Premier League in 2021 before steering clear of a relegation battle in their debut top-flight season. This term, it's no understatement to suggest his side are fighting for European football, just four points behind sixth-place Liverpool with a game in hand. Whether the Danish coach would be willing to abandon his exciting project at Brentford remains to be seen. JUST IN: Man Utd's last Anfield-winning team in 2016 and where they are now  Ralph Hasenhuttl has been out of work since his sacking as Southampton manager in November. But he appears to be waiting for the right role to come along after reportedly rejecting the chance to take over Bundesliga outfit Hoffenheim in February. Nathan Jones' struggles at St. Mary's indicate that perhaps Hasenhuttl was getting the most out of his tools, which begs the question of whether he would succeed with a stronger squad. Leicester can definitely offer the Austrian that, but the appointment would admittedly pose something of a risk. DON'T MISS: Billionaire NBA and McLaren chief 'eyeing Everton takeover'Man Utd rocked by Raphael Varane injury scare ahead of Liverpool clashChelsea flop Barkley's decline - from 'next Gazza' to France nightmare There won't be many more experienced candidates than Rafa Benitez. The Spaniard has picked up Premier League expertise at Liverpool, Chelsea, Newcastle and Everton. He's been out of work since January 2022, when he was dismissed from Goodison Park amid a relegation battle. But he proved with Newcastle that if the club's culture matches his, he can still produce good results. It could be worth a punt on an initial short-term contract. Why not throw a bold shout in there? Mauricio Pochettino is still waiting for work since he left Paris Saint-Germain in the summer. He's been heavily linked with a Tottenham Hotspur return, with Antonio Conte's future uncertain, but Leicester could also appeal. The Foxes boast state-of-the-art training facilities, an exciting academy, and a stable structure that could help him surpass Rodgers' success in the Midlands. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here