Many women will have a go-to hairstyle they do on a daily basis almost as a default. However, what they don't know is that their signature 'do is actually rather ageing. Milk + Blush's hair expert Nicole Petty told Express.co.uk which hairstyle older ladies should avoid or risk looking older. She also shared which "chic style" feels like "instant botox" and can take years off. Nicole told mature women that they should be leaving one vintage hairstyle in the past. While bouffants used to be extremely popular, the expert suggested that the puffy, rounded style actually does more harm than good. It requires a lot of products which put pressure on the hair which can lead to excessive breakage. It also leaves absolutely nothing to the imagination and can highlight any signs of ageing on the face. READ MORE: The 'unflattering' fringe women over 50 should avoid  The expert said: "Bouffants might have been a popular way to style your hair in the 1950s and 60s. "But the style that requires you to tease, spray and sweep hair away from the face looks more stiff than stylish and can draw attention to any crow's feet or fine lines." If you simply cannot stay away from the 60s bouffant, Nicole told ladies how they can rework the look. "If this is your go-to style, modernise it by splitting the top half of your hair into three before joining the two side pieces, leaving the middle section loose. Don't miss... Asian zodiac 2023-2024 predictions for each sign [ASTROLOGY]  Harry is 'determined' to be a 'complete contrast' to other royal [EXCLUSIVE] Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  [PICTURES] "Then, tie the two outside pieces together in a low ponytail, gently backcomb the middle section upwards, smooth it down over the ponytail and pin it in place before spraying with hairspray. "The modern take will still give your hair that extra volume and lift while keeping some of the hair loose for a younger look." Next, Nicole shared the ultimate up-do for women who want to look younger in an instant. This one still allows women to get their hair out of their face for a no-hassle look, without looking too harsh or damaging their tresses. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures Revealing the superpower style, Nicole said: "Opt for a classic chignon if you’re looking for an anti-ageing hairstyle which gives you that ‘botox illusion’ look." It might just be the perfect style for women self-conscious about their skin sagging as they age. This style is an instant - and far, far cheaper - alternative to cosmetic facial treatment. She explained: "A sleek chignon pulls the hair off the face, tightening facial features and accentuating the eyes, eyebrows and cheekbones." Nicole told mature women: "Start by pulling the hair off your face, securing it in a low ponytail at the nape of the neck, teasing it slightly (at the crown), splitting it into two sections and loosely wrapping the first section before securing it with a bobby pin. "Then, wrap the second section around the first section and secure it with another pin to create the bun shape. "Finish by adding extra pins and hairspray to keep the style in shape." Nicole Petty is a hair expert at extensions brand Milk + Blush.