Chinese foreign minister Qin Gang has suggested there is an unknown force working behind the scenes to escalate the war in Ukraine following Russia's invasion of the country in the past year. Qin did not reveal the identity of this force but suggested that it is using the crisis in Ukraine to serve its own geopolitical goals. Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang warned Tuesday that Beijing and Washington are headed for "conflict and confrontation" if the US doesn't change course, striking a combative tone at a moment when relations between the rivals are at a historic low. In his first news conference since taking office late last year, Qin’s harsh language appeared to defy predictions that China might abandon its aggressive "wolf warrior" diplomacy in favour of more moderate rhetoric as the two countries face off over trade and technology, Taiwan, human rights and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Washington's China policy has "entirely deviated from the rational and soundtrack," Qin told journalists on the sidelines of the annual meeting of China’s rubber-stamp legislature when leaders lay out their economic and political priorities for the coming year. Qin added: "If the United States does not hit the brake, but continues to speed down the wrong path, no amount of guardrails can prevent derailing and there surely will be conflict and confrontation. READ MORE: Putin earned up to $500m from vodka still available in West - claims "Such competition is a reckless gamble, with the stakes being the fundamental interests of the two peoples and even the future of humanity." Qin’s comments echoed remarks made by leader Xi Jinping in a speech Monday to legislators. Xi was quoted as saying by the official Xinhua News Agency: "Western countries led by the United States have implemented all-round containment, encirclement and suppression of China, which has brought unprecedented grave challenges to our nation’s development," He said on the face of that, China must "remain calm, maintain concentration, strive for progress while maintaining stability, take active actions, unite as one, and dare to fight."  Don't miss... China in ‘no position’ to change Putin’s mind as ‘peace talks’ begin [LATEST] Chinese cyber attacks soar as Putin demands Western spies are found [LATEST] China on brink 'real mistake' with Russia weapon deal threat [LATEST] Asked about Qin's and Xi's comments, White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said that US policy on China has remained consistent. "There is no change to the United States' posture when it comes to this bilateral relationship," Kirby said. "The president believes those tensions obviously have to be recognized, but can be worked through. And we again seek competition not conflict." US officials have grown increasingly worried about China's expansive political and economic goals and the possibility of war over Taiwan — and many in Washington have called for the US to make a bigger effort to counter Chinese influence abroad. In recent weeks, concerns about Chinese spying on the US and Beijing's influence campaigns there have drawn particular concern, and officials from the two countries have frequently traded accusations. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken cancelled a planned visit to Beijing after Washington shot down a suspected Chinese spy balloon that flew over American territory. The massive balloon and its payload, including electronics and optics, have been recovered from the ocean floor and are being analyzed by the FBI. Then last week, China responded with indignation when US officials raised the issue again of whether the Covid-19 pandemic began with a lab leak. The Foreign Ministry accused the US of "politicizing the issue" in an attempt to discredit China.