On Sunday’s instalment of Countryfile, BBC viewers were taken to the Devonshire national park Dartmoor. During the episode, Charlotte Smith discovered how cuts were affecting the management of the national park along with the recent change on campers' rights. In the episode, viewers learnt recently the rights of wild campers were challenged in the High Court which resulted in the public not having the right to camp without permission.Although many protested against the ruling, Countryfile revealed there were some landowners who welcomed the change including John Howell who cares for a 1,000-acre estate on Dartmoor.During the segment, John revealed although he doesn’t want to ban camping completely, he wants to only allow it in areas where he gives permission.Speaking to Charlotte, he confessed there have been some issues with uncontrolled camping in the past.Showing the BBC presenter part of a tree, he commented: “People are just sawing this down to make a fire. READ MORE:Carol Vorderman brands herself a 'bad bride' over see-through outfit “That branch (another tree) you can see the axe marks there. This tree is probably about 200 years old.”Showing Charlotte images of where some campers had used stones from an ancient wall to create a fire, he admitted a lot of damage had been done.When asked what else people leave behind, John added: “In amongst these rocks, there will be old tins.“There will be a whole lot of broken glass, plastic bags and then there’ll be excrement used toilet paper and so on just lying in the rocks in amongst the mosses.“Sleeping bags full of vomit.” John told Charlotte he has to clean up the mess left behind and as it’s his land he doesn’t get paid to do so.Although he highlighted the rangers of Dartmoor do attend, they have other problems elsewhere they need to deal with.However, it wasn’t long before viewers took to Twitter to blast the segment of the BBC show.Taking to Twitter, FoplingFlutter1 commented: “Interesting how the countryside is just another product to be consumed by these middle-class backpackers.#countryfile.” Don't miss... Dancing On Ice's Joey Essex dealt crushing blow hours before final [LATEST] Call The Midwife’s Trixie Franklin shares ‘fear’ of being written out [LATEST] BBC slam 'totally inaccurate' claim David Attenborough episode was cut [LATEST] CartledgeDenise said: “The majority leave no trace and actually tidy up after the minority that spoils it for us #countryfile.”GRWilliams_ added: “Appalling, one-sided coverage of the #dartmoor #righttoroam and #wildcamping debate on #countryfile - supportive and encouraging to landowners yet accusatory and negative to the other side. We’ve never been allowed to camp near roads or car parks - complete misinformation”LlamaLout fumed: “Landowners and farmers have never f***ed up huge swathes of land have they.”Frizzl_Ma_Nizzl swiped: “Ironic for years #BBC #Countryfile has encouraged everyone to get out into the #wild & now they’re reporting on how the land is being abused by the #public, all you had to do is see #litter in the towns to see what they would do in the middle of nowhere.No surprise #t**ts”With Twitter user JRsArmchair adding: “Want more visitors but ban wild campers. Bit of an own goal #Countryfile” Elsewhere in the show, John confessed he had spent thousands of pounds having to repair the damage that had been caused by fires and litter left by campers. Viewers learned one particular spot on his land had taken several years to recover from the damage inflicted. He added: “I think that people should go camping, but it must be a leave-no-trace." However, in the episode it was revealed John has allowed campers back onto his land, with the acception they don't set up near car pars, roads or beauty spots. Countryfile continues Sundays on BBC One from 6pm.  