Prince Harry and Meghan Markle raised eyebrows after making the "highly ironic" decision to give their children royal titles, a royal expert said. The Sussexes first referred to their daughter as Princess Lilibet Diana in a statement about her christening this week. The palace also changed its website to recognise Prince Archie Harrison with his royal title. Royal expert Christopher Andersen said Harry and Meghan bounced King Charles into recognising his grandchilden's royal titles with their statement. The author of The King: The Life of Charles III said the Sussexes were "basically making the king's decision for him" with a move palace aides would have found deeply frustrating. Speaking to Fox News Digital, he said: "The largely faceless courtiers who run the monarchy — Diana used to call them the ‘men in gray’ — were clearly taken by surprise and none too happy that they were placed in the awkward position of having to update the royal website, and quickly." The royal expert also mocked the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for making a stand on royal titles after repeatedly attacking the monarchy in media interviews, a memoir and a Netflix docu-series. He said: "It was obviously more important to Harry and Meghan that Archie and Lilibet get the full treatment, which seems highly ironic since the Sussexes are no longer working royals, live half a world away and spend a great deal of time lobbing grenades over palace walls." Harry and Meghan pushed for their children's royal titles to be recognised amid a bitter feud between the Sussexes and the rest of the Royal Family. The Duke and Duchess have repeatedly swiped at the royal family, making accusations of institutional racism and unfair treatment by key members of the family. Prince Harry's memoir Spare was also full of claims about frictions between the Sussexes and the Waleses. He even accused Prince William of shoving him onto a dog bowl that broke during one heated argument. Don't miss... Harry and Meghan 'furious' as King puts HRH ban on Archie and Lilibet [LATEST] Prince Harry playing 'dangerous game' to reinvent Sussex image in US [ANALYSIS] Harry is risking giving his children the same upbringing he had [INSIGHT] But there are signs that the feud could cool after Buckingham Palace extended an olive branch to the Sussexes. King Charles invited Harry and Meghan to his Coronation on May 6. The pair have yet to confirm if they will attend the huge ceremony, yet they are widely tipped to make the trip from the US. But damaged relations with the rest of the Royal Family has led to speculation that the Sussexes won't appear on the balcony of Buckingham Palace if they do show face. King Charles' Coronation is set for May 6 at Westminster Abbey. A bank holiday has been proclaimed to mark the occasion.