Prince Harry's "choice of guru" for his sit down therapy session may have been "unwise", according to one royal commentator. During a live streamed therapy session the Duke opened up on topics ranging from his drug use to mental health and even his self-proclaimed "broken home" at the heart of the Royal Family.  Speaking to Express.co.uk, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams said Prince Harry's comments about drugs, both during the session and in his memoir Spare, have not helped his public image. "I would have thought his comments about using drugs very controversial. The parts of his memoir where this is discussed, include him talking to a dustbin lid and this hasn’t been beneficial to his image," Mr Fitzwilliams said. Prince Harry told Dr Gabor Maté - known for his views on using psychedelics as therapeutic aids - that he had used cocaine, marijuana and psychedelics in the past. "[Cocaine] didn’t do anything for me, it was more a social thing and gave me a sense of belonging for sure, I think it probably also made me feel different to the way I was feeling, which was kind of the point," the Duke said.  Speaking on psychedelics Prince Harry added: "It was the cleaning of the windshield, removal of life's filters. It removed it all for me and brought me a sense of relaxation, release, comfort, a lightness that I managed to hold onto for a period of time. "For me I started doing it recreationally and then started to realise how good it was for me." Richard Fitzwilliams pointed out that Prince Harry wasn't the only one who had "controversial" views on therapeutic drug use. The royal expert said: "In the interview he talked of hallucinogens helping to 'clean the windscreen' of his troubled mind. Dr Maté’s views on certain drugs are extremely controversial too as are some of his political views. This choice of guru may well also prove unwise for Harry. It is unclear whose, if any, advice he is taking."  READ MORE: Meghan and Harry are going to make 'grand decision' on Coronation Dr Gabor Maté is a physician and trauma expert known for his outspoken views on decriminalising illegal drugs. The Hungarian-Canadian doctor has used the Amazonian hallucinogenic plant Ayahuasca to treat patients with mental illness. The drug remains illegal in the US, UK and Canada and in 2011 Canadian authorities threatened to arrest Dr Maté if he didn't stop using the plant to treat his patients. The Jewish doctor has also caused controversy over comments about the Israel-Palestine conflict in which he has been critical of Israel. Dr Maté, who is Jewish, was an infant in Budapest when the Nazi's carried out the Holocaust in Europe. Both his maternal grandparents were killed in the genocide.  Don't miss... Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity hits new record low  [INSIGHT] Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying' [ANALYSIS] Chris Rock slams Meghan Markle's race claim about the Royal Family [REPORT] The controversial live stream comes as Meghan and Harry's popularity in the US has plummeted. Since December last year - and the release of Spare - Harry's popularity in the US sunk by 48 points and Meghan's has gone down 40 giving the couple a net popularity rating of -10 and -17 respectively, according to a Redfield & Wilton for Newsweek. Now, royal watchers are waiting to see if the Sussexes will attend King Charles's Coronation later this year on May 6. Around 2,000 guests have been invited to the once-in-a -generation event and Duke and Duchess have received an invitation. However, a spokesperson for the couple previously declined to say whether they would attend. 