Andy Murray has indicated that he doesn't need late tournament runs in order to be satisfied when he calls time on his illustrious career after a gruelling win over Tomas Martin Etcheverry in the first round of Indian Wells. Murray marked his return to the court on Thursday evening, two weeks after reaching the final of the Qatar Open. As a Masters 1000 event, Indian Wells is seen as a great opportunity for Murray to make his move towards the seeded spots in the ranking having enjoyed a strong start to 2023. But he faced a tricky opening match against Argentine Etcheverry, who took the opening set in their first-round tie. Not one to throw in the towel - particularly this year - Murray fought back from going a set down to win in three sets and progress to the second round. The three-time major champion has made it clear in the past that his main goal after returning from his long injury lay-off was to get back to his former glories with deep runs at the Grand Slam tournaments. He reached the third round of the Australian Open for the first time since 2017 earlier this year, including an opening-round win over Matteo Berrettini. But speaking after his win on Thursday night, Murray admitted his career goals have changed following that run in Melbourne. "There are certain things I would like to achieve and certain goals that I set for myself but the number one thing is to give my best effort every single day," he said. "And if I do that I'll finish my career on a high note and know that I've left it all out there regardless of which ranking I get to or which tournaments I win. "I always said my goal was getting to the latter stages of the majors, and that's still a big goal for me and I still believe I have that in me. But also what happened in Australia was an incredible experience for me." He added: "I've had many people come up to me since then saying it was inspiring. So there are a lot of positives that come out of not having deep runs in majors. It's all about the effort. That's the most important thing." Don't miss... Novak Djokovic told US withdrawal could help achieve incredible feat [LATEST] Novak Djokovic's coach takes brutal swipe at 'no-name players' [LATEST] Novak Djokovic retirement message sent to rivals with new 'main foc... [LATEST] Despite losing the first set against Etcheverry, Murray never truly looked in trouble for the remainder of the match. The former world No 1 had 20 break points, 16 of which were saved by his 23-year-old opponent. "I really felt like I was in the driving seat for much of the match," he said. "I was creating lots of opportunities but I just wasn't able to capitalise. I made some poor decisions at times, but in the end did really well to get through that." Murray now faces a different test altogether in the second round against No 15 seed Pablo Carenno Busta on Saturday. 