The Met Office has upgraded its UK snow alerts to amber from yellow as it identifies additional risks to the public caused by the recent cold snap. The more urgent warnings have told Britons in the Midlands and Northern England to anticipate widespread disruption over the latter half of this week. The warning, which covers Thursday, March 9 and Friday, March 10, urges caution as an area of low pressure develops across central England and Wales this evening. Some places, the forecasters warned, could become cut off as heavy snow showers cause accumulations of nearly a foot. The warning states that an incoming "area of low pressure" moving across the country on Thursday and Friday will cause snow to develop early on Thursday. Showers caused by the system will gradually move north through the day, slowing down over north Wales, northern England, Northern Ireland and southern Scotland during the afternoon. The low-pressure area will remain there during the evening before forecasters expect it will clear southeast on Friday. READ MORE: Energy crisis as suppliers fire up contingency plans in UK cold snap Met Office Chief Meteorologist, Matthew Lehnert, said: “The boundary between milder and colder air will slowly move north through Wednesday and overnight, moving the chances of snow further north with it. "Snow will have settled quite widely in central parts of the UK as we move into Thursday morning leaving tricky conditions for the morning travel period. "It will be another very cold night, especially under clear skies in Scotland where temperatures could get down to -15C again tonight. “An Amber warning for snow has been issued for the high ground running north in the centre of northern England as snow redevelops through the course of Thursday and persist until early Friday." Here we could see up to 40cm of snow accompanied by strong winds causing blizzard conditions.” The Met Office expects most of the snowfall over high ground, with lower areas in the system track - namely the southern portion of the warning area and eastern coast - more likely to experience sleet. These areas, which include "major cities such as Manchester, Liverpool and Newcastle" will see "limited" accumulations of between 2 to 5cm. Locations on higher ground could see more than 10 times this, the forecasters have warned. Don't miss... Gary Lineker compares Suella Braverman's immigration bill to Nazis [LATEST] 'Big cat' evidence 'overwhelming' in UK as couple capture 'panther'  [INSIGHT] Parking row erupts as sinister notes left on windscreens [PICTURES] The warning states: "Significant snow accumulations are possible over hills of northern England (including populated areas of South and West Yorkshire), Northern Ireland and southern Scotland." "Here, 10 to 15 cm is expected quite widely above 100 metres, with a chance that 25 to 40 cm could fall in some places. "Additionally, there is potential for strong winds, which may lead to blizzard conditions and drifting of lying snow. "Ice is likely to develop widely on Friday night as this system clears away." Where snow does fall, the Met Office is primarily anticipating travel disruption, with drivers facing delays and train and plane services facing cancellation. The agency has also warned that snow could cause "some rural communities" to become cut off. Some areas may also experience power cuts and delays to other services such as mobile phone coverage.