Robbie Fowler feels Mohamed Salah "deserves the same" kind of plaudits as Cristiano Ronaldo after the Egyptian became Liverpool's all-time leading Premier League goalscorer at the weekend. Liverpool ran riot against Manchester United on Sunday with Salah bagging a brace. His two goals saw him break Fowler's previous record of 128 Premier League goals in far fewer appearances. Salah has been Liverpool's talisman ever since joining from Roma in 2017, scoring an incredible 44 goals in all competitions in his first season. And the Egypt international quickly brushed off any suggestion of him being a one-season wonder as he continued that rich vein of form in front of goal. For the sixth successive season, Salah has scored more than 20 goals in all competitions and is on course to move higher on Liverpool's all-time goalscorer list. Ian Rush's record of 346 goals for Liverpool will almost certainly be out of reach for Salah, but both Fowler and Steven Gerrard could be caught in the next few months. He's already assured of a place in Liverpool folklore for helping the Reds win every major trophy available during his time at the club. But Fowler believes Salah's consistency in front of goal and his level of fitness should be spoken of in the same breath as Portuguese superstar Ronaldo. “To go through your career without a serious injury of course you need a bit of luck,” Fowler told The Athletic. “But his appearance record also says a lot about how Mo looks after himself. Cristiano Ronaldo gets a lot of plaudits on that front and Mo deserves the same. “His body is a temple. He’s completely devoted to his profession. He’s the perfect example for the young players coming through in terms of how to lead your life. Don't miss... Liverpool have 'nine-man shopping list' as FSG plot drastic changes [LATEST] Liverpool receive Jude Bellingham sucker punch as meeting 'underway' [LATEST] Liverpool squad receive reward from Jurgen Klopp after Man Utd triumph [LATEST] "I’m sure he’s played a lot with aches and pains, but he just hates missing games.” Salah has only missed a handful of matches for Liverpool through injury over the years in a testament to his fitness levels. He's consistently topped the charts for minutes played among the Liverpool squad and is still seen as one of the first names on the team sheet. That's despite the recent acquisitions of Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez and Luis Diaz - all of whom have joined Liverpool in the past 14 months. Ronaldo is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers of all time and his ability to stay fit for the majority of his career has played a huge role in his success.