The Fiddler on the Roof star was best known for his iconic portrayal of long-suffering, charismatic milkman Tevye in the celebrated 1971 musical film. The Israeli president confirmed Chaim’s death on Wednesday via Twitter. The president, Isaac Herzog, led tributes marking Chaim as “a titan of Israeli culture” and “one of Israel’s finest theatre artists”. He also declared the Israeli star: “A gifted actor who conquered many stages in Israel and overseas, filled the cinema screens with his presence and above all entered deep into our hearts.” Although the star’s cause of death was not confirmed, Chaim had been battling Alzheimer’s Disease for years according to Deadline. The world-renowned actor first started his career as the titular and beloved character in 1964’s Israeli comedy Sallah Shabati.  His work on the film earned the star his first Golden Globe for the Most Promising Male Newcomer. Years later the versatile actor took to the West End starring as Tevye in Fiddler on the Roof before originating the role on film too in 1971. His stellar performance earned Chaim another Golden Globe, this time for Best Actor, and his vocals to the tunes of If I Were A Rich Man became an unforgettable part of musical history. Two decades later, Chaim returned to the stage as Tevye for the Broadway revival of Fiddler, earning him a Tony Award nomination. It is believed that in total, by the time Chaim officially retired from the role in 2009, he had performed Fiddler on the Roof more than 3,500 times on both stage and screen. Aside from Fiddler on the Roof, Chaim had a lengthy and celebrated career in international film. He starred in the likes of 1975’s Bertolt Brecht’s Galileo, the sci-fi classic Flash Gordon in 1980 and James Bond movie For Your Eyes Only in 1981. In 2015, Chaim was awarded one of Israel’s most prestigious awards, the Israel Prize, for lifetime achievement and special contribution to society and the state. Don't miss... Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’  [LATEST] Bruce Willis' wife slams 'dumb' claim Demi Moore 'moved in with ex' [LATEST] The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [LATEST] The actor is survived by his wife Galia and their three children, daughters Anat and Ady and son Omer. Just days ago, Omer revealed to Israeli news outlet Ynet that when his father won the Israel Prize “his Alzheimer’s was in its early stages”. He praised his father, calling him an “amazing actor who developed all kinds of tactics to cover up the problems that began to arise. “He spoke wonderfully at the ceremony, and also at other events, and no one even felt it.” More to follow...  Fans mourned the star’s passing on social media, with many quoting the iconic Fiddler on the Roof song Sunrise, Sunset. Israeli diplomat Elad Strohmayer shared: “Sunrise, sunset/ Swiftly fly the years/ One season following another/ Laden with happiness and tears. “The sun has set on Chaim Topol, an Israeli cultural giant, a Golden Globes winner and Academy Award nominee. “The many characters he portrayed on stage and on screen will live on.”