Adults aged 18 to 24 treat themselves more regularly than any other age group – and nearly four in ten put this down to a desire for self-care. A poll of 2,000 adults found those in this age group will go out of their way to look after themselves with small goods, like chocolate and self-care pamper products, such as facemasks – as often as 51 times a year. This demographic also splashes out the most amount of money on treats – £681 a year in total – suggesting a quantity and quality approach. In contrast, those aged 55 to 64, treat themselves the least – a comparatively low 30 times annually, while also spending the lowest amount, £284. The study, commissioned by Baileys, found 17 percent of all those polled don’t think they treat themselves often enough. However, one in ten (11 percent) believe they turn to little pick-me-ups a little too often. Regardless, 52 percent think they should make more effort when it comes to treating themselves – perhaps putting more thought into how they do so. The most common reasons or justifications for doing so are having a good day (41 percent), self-care (37 percent), and having a bad day (26 percent). Chocolates, meals out, and books are the top go-to treats for oneself – with their favourite cocktail, scented candles, and spa treatments also popular. And flowers, make-up, and take-aways also ranked highly – as did fancy coffee, jewellery, and cakes. And these treats appear to have the desired effect – as 57 percent said they feel better about themselves after purchasing pick-me-ups. More specifically, 39 percent said they tend to feel happy, while 14 percent feel excited. However, seven percent feel guilty – which might be a factor in their inclination to spend money on others, something 95 percent of those polled said they do. People aged 18 to 24 are most inclined to share the love, buying 47 treats for others annually – which is 11 more than the average adult. And with their outlay of £555, the study, carried out through OnePoll, found they also spend the highest amount – £198 more than the average overall. Motivations for wanting to spend money on others in this way including wanting to brighten their day (60 percent), and wanting to show someone they’re thinking of them (53 percent).