Some parts of the UK are set to see heavy snow and ice-cold temperatures next week as Britain could once again be disrupted by arctic winds. On Sunday, weather alerts suggested the snow was behind us. But now, other forecasts claim England is set for more snowy weather between Monday and Thursday in some areas. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has warned that the incoming freeze “could increase the health risks to vulnerable patients and disrupt the delivery of services”. Britain has already faced disruption from the snow in recent days. Temperatures dropped as low as -15.7C in the Scottish Highlands after Storm Larisa brought gales and blizzards. People were told to only drive if necessary, two families hiking in north Wales had to be rescued after struggling in the poor weather, and snow rollers were spotted in Northern Ireland. Sunday was much warmer, with temperatures rising to 9C in London and 8C in Glasgow. This had been the coldest March since 2010. Met Office forecaster Greg Dewhurst has now warned, however, that the cold is set to return. He said the UK is facing “a real rollercoaster in our weather over the next few days”. Mr Dewhurst added: “We’ll see temperatures rising and then falling again as we move through the rest of the weekend into the beginning of next week. READ MORE: Monty Don shares difficult conditions ahead of Gardeners' World return “The reason for this is low-pressure systems moving in from the Atlantic, bringing mild, wet and windy weather. “However, as that moves away, the cold northerly air returns – Arctic air flooding south later Monday and into Tuesday, seeing the risk of snow once more.” Meanwhile, the UKHSA reported on Sunday that there is an 80 percent probability of severe cold weather, icy conditions and heavy snow from Monday to Thursday in parts of England. Daniel Rudman, the Met Office’s deputy chief Forecaster had said on Friday: “There is an increasingly strong signal for colder air to once again feed into the north of the UK during Monday. “This flow is likely to extend southwards with much of the UK likely to be under the influence of colder conditions overnight into Tuesday. “Tuesday is set to remain a cold day, but it is not expected to be as cold as conditions have been this week, and there will be brighter periods for most. "There are likely to be some showers too, although any snowfall is expected be over higher elevations.” The Met Office issue a warning today saying that snow could impact 13 areas across the UK. They include parts of central and northeast Scotland, parts of northern England, northern Wales, and Northern Ireland. DON'T MISSSnow chaos brings M62 to a standstill with drivers abandoning cars [INSIGHT]‘Essential’ steps to keep warm without turning the heating on [NEWS]‘Group of lads’ leave heartwarming message in snow for patients  [NEWS]