"This" she told the Commons "is what passes for relationship and sex education in British schools." Which one might see as an improvement on the grainy black and white film of rabbits mating which passed for sex education when I was a teenager, but that wasn't Ms Cates point. She was convinced our kids were being subject to "extreme sexualising and inaccurate information using unregulated organisations actively campaigning to undermine parents." Not surprisingly Rishi agreed and pointed that he would be redoubling efforts to ensure the Education Department utilised "appropriate conduct". But of course that wasn't the big issue of the day. Perhaps that accolade could go to Labour's Cardiff West representative Kevin Brennan who was outraged, bordering on apoplectic, that tickets for Eurovision had appeared on ticket tout sites for many, many times their face value. This has indeed become a godawful and deeply iniquitous practice which has no doubt affected many millions of very annoyed Brits. Although whether this is to be admired as a blend of British entrepreneurship and market forces or, as Mr Brennan contended, a particularly despicable example of "rip-off Tory Britain" perhaps you'd like to decide for yourselves. Still not the big issue you were hoping for?  Okay, how about Matt Rhodda's (Lab Reading East) sobering intervention regarding the knifing to death of one of his teenage constituents Olly Stephens? He pointed out two teenagers convicted and jailed for the killing had been basically lusting over knives online and asked why the Government has removed "measures to tackle this sort of dreadful online content from the online safety bill". Again, something of a jaw-dropper, why indeed? To his credit, after a little standard hot-air on how much the Tories had done on knife crime Mr Sunak did concede to look at the "specific issue". Which might be considered progress. Still not a big enough issue? How about Ed Davy's tale of a constituent called Jean who was told she faced an EIGHT-hour wait for an ambulance? She somehow managed to drive herself to Eastbourne and District General Hospital, paid for a car park ticket, then collapsed in A&E and died an hour later. Eight hours for an ambulance. In Britain in 2023.  Rishi unwisely banged on about "making progress in urgent care" but it felt like very cold comfort indeed not just to Jean's family but to all of us. Surely that genuine life or death issue, one which should fill every last one of us with righteous fury, is big enough? Oh alright... bloody immigration. More accurately Rishi's new plans to turf out anyone arriving on these shores in a small boat. And yes it was punchy and shouty and as ever. Starmer wheeled out figures and quotes attacking the Tories which were immediately denied and contradicted by Sunak with quotes and figures attacking Labour. All as expected. My favourites, for the record, were Starmer pointing out that of the 18,000 people currently in Britain defined as ineligible for asylum the tough-talking Government had so far managed to remove 21. There really is no answer to that, and Rishi didn't really have one.  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea But remember football is always an easier game standing on the terraces yelling than getting on the pitch and playing and we've seen nothing to suggest Mr Starmer - a man who Rishi delighted in pointing out had been instrumental in allowing criminals to stay in Britain - has anything better up his sleeve. The SNP's Steven Flynn, who'd obviously raced from double economics to throw in his gawkishly adolescent contribution to PMQs, asked whether the Government was taking its cue on immigration "from Nigel Farrage or Enoch Powell?" It was a dumb, unworthy question fully deserving of its "what a load of nonsense" slapdown from Sunak. It may have been the choice quote of the day though - and why I was shying away from yet more ramblings about the Government's latest bid to, ahem, solve the illegal migrant crisis. We've heard it before and it's starting to feel like that old chestnut about repeating the same thing etc being the definition of madness. Not for the first time I despaired at our perennially optimistic Speaker Lindsay Hoyle who barked at MPs: "Our constituents want to hear the answers at PMQs!" Some hope Lindsay, some hope. 