Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's youngsters became a prince and princess on the accession of their grandfather the King six months ago, but the Sussexes publicly used Lili's title for the first time on Wednesday when announcing their daughter's christening. Despite their royal links, author Tom Quinn believes the Sussex children will have more of a media career than a royal career. Quinn told Newsweek's Royal Report: "I think they're much more likely to have a glittering media career than a glittering royal career, just because that will be the massive influence, you know, they're living in America, they're living next door to film people and celebrities, that'll be their world. "We know that from other film people that their children might struggle a bit but you always find that they're involved at some level with Hollywood if that's where you grow up, that's what you take in. "I think it's extremely unlikely they'll suddenly come back and take part in the sort of activities that younger royals take part in over here, you know, they're going to be American through and through and I think that's the way Meghan wants it." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry step up public outings to prove they're 'not rattled'  Previously they were Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. The siblings are sixth and seventh in line to the throne, having already moved up a place each after the death of the late Queen. A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said the decision to use the titles had been "settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace". "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch. "This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace," the spokesperson said. Lili, who is 21 months old, was christened in an intimate ceremony at the Sussexes' family home in California on Friday, watched by her grandmother Doria Ragland and celebrity godfather Tyler Perry. The King, the Queen Consort and the Prince and Princess of Wales were reportedly invited but did not attend. The "alignment" on the titles has given rise to suggestions Harry and Meghan will attend the King's coronation in May, which also falls on Archie's fourth birthday. Don't miss... Meghan and Harry's dine at hotel where salads cost £1,600 [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan's publicity blitz brought William and Kate closer [INSIGHT] ‘I am a professional cleaner - here are 10 products you need' [LATEST] Bookmakers Coral said the Sussexes were now odds-on at 4-6 to witness the historic spectacle, flip-flopping from 4-6 to not attend before the titles announcement. A Coral spokesman said: "Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are being tight-lipped about their attendance at King Charles III's coronation in May. "Our betting suggests the couple will attend and take their seats for the official ceremony at Westminster Abbey on May 6. "We think this could be an olive branch towards the couple from Buckingham Palace." Odds they will not be present stand at 6-5. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews