It was a tougher day for his teammate Lance Stroll, who seemed to be struggling from the effects of having undergone surgery on a broken wrist injury. Despite being medically cleared to compete in Bahrain, it remains to be seen if he'll play a full part in the weekend. Horner's own team appeared formidable, with defending champion Max Verstappen second behind Alonso in the afternoon session. But it was a disappointing start for Mercedes, with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell initially toiling down in 10th and 11th place. Things got marginally better for Hamilton in the afternoon as he rose to 8th, but his compatriot slipped down to 13th. But afterwards, it was the display of Alonso that dominated the analysis. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton may have ruled out Max Verstappen hopes as Mercedes 'a long way off' rivals "Their car looks great and they had some really impressive race runs last week," said Horner, during his post-session media duties. "Fernando looks on fire so I think they could be a real surprise this year." And the Englishman warned that other unfancied teams could challenge at the top end of the grid this season: "It just shows that it is possible to take a jump from the midfield to potentially further up," he added. DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton defies FIA rules with political statement during Bahrain GP practiceBernie Ecclestone fires shots at Lewis Hamilton as F1 feud continues on eve of 2023 seasonLewis Hamilton given medical exemption to get around FIA rule ahead of Bahrain Grand Prix Horner was also in mischievous mood as he faced the press, taking aim at the FIA for the £5.8 million fine Red Bull were handed last year. It related to the team being found to have exceeded the budget cap in 2021. Quipping about where the money had gone, he said: "It's great to see the fine being applied so well," whilst smiling. "We've got a new couch and Tom [Clarkson, the press conference moderator] has got a new suit... it's great to see the funding into the FIA being spent so effectively."