William Shatner, 91, famously played Captain James T Kirk in the hit series as well as starring in seven films. Star Trek fans have since hit out after the actor said he wasn't surprised to not be included in a recent promotional poster. It comes after Paramount+ shared a graphic promoting the decades-long franchise and it included the likes of Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard and Leonard Nimoy as Spock. TrekNews.Net shared the snap with the caption: "New Paramount+ Star Trek graphic omits @WilliamShatner's Captain Kirk." In view of his 2.5 million followers, William retweeted the graphic, with the caption: "And that surprises you? [laughing face emoji]." His legion of fans reacted as they shared their disappointment. READ MORE: Chris Evans and wife flying out of UK as they skip King's Coronation Lorraine Kelly wrote: "This is illogical." Joe Vargas tweeted: "What the hell. That's NOT cool. I hope it's not intentional." Erica Jackson penned: "This is so upsetting. Captain Kirk is the heart of Star Trek." Michael wrote: "You should be front and centre, right next to Leonard Nimoy."  Cici commented: "It does surprise me. Why would they do that? It’s ridiculous." While Marlene added: "How could they miss the original Captain? That’s insane." Another social media user, Eric, questioned the Captain Kirk actor, writing: "Oversight?" William replied: "Doubtful." Other popular characters from the franchise that were not included in the poster, were the likes of Marina Sirtis's Deanna Troi and George Takei's Hikaru Sulu. Express.co.uk has contacted representatives at Paramount+ for comment. William has been vocal in recent months about his former Star Trek co-stars after years of them criticising his behaviour on the 1960s sci-fi set. The actor said in an interview last year that he now realises they "do it for publicity". Speaking to The Times he said: "Sixty years after some incident they are still on that track. Don't you think that's a little weird? It's like a sickness." He went on: "I began to understand that they were doing it for publicity." His co-star George hit back claiming William "enjoyed being centre of attention" and wanted "everyone to kowtow to him". Elsewhere, Paramount+ has announced that Star Trek: Discovery Is Ending with its upcoming fifth season. Additionally, the fifth and final season has been pushed to early 2024.