Yorkshire Building Society is offering four percent on their Loyalty Six Access Saver ISA issue 3. The account benefits from a flexible tiered interest and has a variable rate starting at four percent on balances up to £20,000 and 3.50 percent over £20,001. The account allows customers to deposit between £1 and £20,000 per tax year as well as allowing previous years’ balances to be transferred in. The account also allows money to be withdrawn on up to six occasions throughout the year without penalty, and if closing the account. It is available to those members who either save or have a mortgage with the Society. Along with the loyalty ISA the Yorkshire has today also launched a Limited Access ISA. READ MORE: Women over 50 risk losing out on over £50,000 in retirement - 'very concerning!' The account features a competitive variable interest rate of 3.10 percent and allows customers to access their savings on one day a year without penalty, plus to close the account if required. This account is available to new and existing customers wanting to save with the Society. The account can be opened with a minimum balance of £1, and deposits can be made at any time during the year, up to £20,000 per tax year, as well as allowing previous years balances to be transferred in plus previous years transfers. It is available to anyone aged 16 or over. Don't miss... Pensioner DWP benefit payments will increase from April [ANALYSIS] Dragons' Den cast 'made the wrong decision - business worth £22.5m [VIDEO] Mortgage warning as payments could increase £1,380 a year [LATEST] Chris Irwin, director of savings at Yorkshire Building Society, said “As we approach the end of the financial year it is a traditional time for savers to take the final opportunity to top up their annual ISA limit and to start thinking about their financial plans for the year ahead. “Our founding purpose as a building society is to help people with their savings so we’re committed to exploring ways that can help our members reach their financial goals or establish healthy savings habits. “We’re really proud that the Loyalty Six Access Saver ISA member account not only further demonstrates our investment in our members but also allows them to benefit from a competitive return on their money for a year, whilst allowing access to their funds at multiple times throughout the year. “The Limited Access ISA is likely to appeal to savers hoping to take advantage of a good interest rate, but who may need access to their funds. “Previous limited access accounts have proved popular with savers and we’re sure this latest edition will be equally as well received.” Both accounts can be opened in branches and agencies, or online. Yorkshire Building Society’s Rainy Day Account (Issue 2) is currently one of the top savings accounts offering an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 3.35 percent. Savers can open an account with as little as £1 and save as much as they wish.