Christian Horner has lifted the lid on what he feels is behind the success of Max Verstappen as the Red Bull driver gears up for a tilt at a third straight world title. After his controversial Championship success in 2021, the Dutchman was utterly dominant last year, winning 15 of the 22 Grand Prix races. He finished the season 146 points clear of Charles Leclerc in the drivers' standings, also leading Horner's team to a first Constructors' title since 2013. And he'll be favourite to prevail again this season, given the apparent gap in pace to rivals Mercedes and Ferrari. There was an impressive showing from Verstappen and teammate Sergio Perez during three days of pre-season testing in Bahrain last week, and the same venue will host the season opener this Friday to Sunday. And it will come following an off-season where the protege afforded himself a holiday abroad in a rare period of relaxation. He was also a guest at Geri Horner - the wife of Christian - 50th birthday event last year. And it was in the midst of that event that Horner lavished praise on the intensity of his No 1 driver. JUST IN: Mercedes bring new upgrades to Bahrain Grand Prix after pre-season struggles  "If you look at his first out lap of the test, Max comes in two-and-a-half seconds quicker than any other driver," he told the Daily Mail. "His ability to get in and get on with it, I’ve never seen anything like it. There is no build-up or easing your way in." Horner, 49, is also renowned for his obsessive nature and attention to detail. And he revealed his own method of switching off from F1, by indulging himself in the family horses at their home in Oxfordshire. DON'T MISS:Fernando Alonso will be delighted as Aston Martin confirm Lance Stroll fit for Bahrain GPMichael Schumacher health: Everything we know about F1 icon after Eddie Jordan updateRed Bull's Christian Horner has over 12 pets and Bernie Ecclestone paid him £12k for lambs "That’s where I am able to switch off," he revealed. “We train them at home rather than send them away. It’s nice for the kids — they can help with the mucking out. It’s just a bit of fun but again it’s competition." F1 qualifying at the International Circuit gets underway on Friday. It was Leclerc who won the opener last year, after both Verstappen and Perez were forced to retire with car problems.