Owen Hargreaves was left 'amazed' by Manchester United winger Facundo Pellistri in Thursday's 4-1 win against Real Betis. Pellistri enjoyed a 12-minute cameo at Old Trafford, catching the eye as United placed one foot into the Europa League quarter-finals. The 21-year-old entered the pitch with a point to prove against Betis, having previously been limited to just 78 minutes across four games under Erik ten Hag. Within seconds, he showcased exactly what he was all about as the centrepiece to a well-worked corner routine that created United's fourth goal. His cameo left former United midfielder Hargreaves drooling after full-time, who admitted his confusion over why he hadn't been playing more. Hargreaves praised Pellistri for showcasing a different side to the game as right-wing rivals Antony and Jadon Sancho. He told BT Sport: "I don't know [why he hasn't played more]. I was amazed at how quick he was. "Lots of the guys, like Jadon [Sancho] and Antony, want to slow down and dribble. He didn't want any bit of that. Read more... Four Man Utd stars bounce back to prove Ten Hag right in Betis win [COMMENT] "He wanted to go on the outside, old school, sprint past people. It's a brilliant cameo. United fans would love to see more of him." Paul Scholes was also left impressed by Pellistri, who joined from his homeland Uruguay in a £9million deal in 2020. The Red Devils icon admitted that he could soon push for a United start if Ten Hag opts to rotate his attack. "He's made a case for himself tonight [to start more]. He looked so quick on the right," Scholes explained. "Straight turn, goes around, beats the defender with pace and sets the big man up for the goal. I'm sure we can [see Pellistri start next week]. Don't miss... Liverpool can solve issues with bargain deal for Marcelo Brozovic [GOSSIP] Pochettino could snub Tottenham return as players beg him to come back [NEWS] Chelsea's Todd Boehly told to spend £240m on star duo to complete XI [TRANSFERS] "I just think, with Ten Hag, he doesn't like to make changes. He likes players to have rhythm in the game. "But with the amount of games these players have had, they need a rest. Luke Shaw looks like he needs a rest, Casemiro possibly. "These young players, maybe give them a taste of European football which will put them in good stead for the future." Pellistri will hope to start from the off in the second leg in Seville next week, given United are all-but safely through. He adds another dimension to Ten Hag's attacking options after his latest late-match cameo. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here