The independent psychologist said: “He would be less of a risk in a community environment than a prison environment. I stand by that assessment.” She told the panel the “perfect environment would be open conditions” but that “It would have to be stepped and gradual. The ideal world would be in a CSE centre where he can have greater contact with other inmates.” She added: “He is most at risk on a normal prison wing.” During his time behind bars, Charles Bronson, now going under the name Charles Salvador, has developed a reputation as one of Britain’s toughest prisoners. He became known for violent episodes and for getting involved in multiple fights. The psychologist said Bronson uses breathing exercises and artwork to help manage his violent behaviour. Bronson was wearing a dark t-shirt and dark sunglasses during the hearing. He told the panel: “This is like being on The Apprentice with Lord Sugar.” Bronson openly discussed his crimes and experiences behind bars with the panel on Monday in his bid to convince them he has changed. In the past, he has taken 11 people hostage across nine sieges; victims have included his own solicitor, governors, and doctors. Bronson said he did not have any remorse about taking a governor hostage. Bronson told the panel: “I was born to have a rumble, I love to have a rumble. But I’m 70 now. It can become embarrassing. You have to grow up sooner or later.” He added: “I was a horrible person and I couldn’t stop taking hostages. I was battling against the system…it was my way of getting back.” The hearing was told Bronson was first jailed in 1974 for seven years when he was 21, a sentence extended by nine months after he attacked a prisoner with a glass jug. Later, he attempted to strangle Gordon Robinson at Broadmore before causing £250,000 worth of damage when staged a three-day protest on a roof. He was released in 1987 but returned to prison a year later after he was convicted of intent to commit robbery. After further incidents, he was given a life sentence for kidnapping prison teacher Phil Danielson in 1999. He has been in prison ever since.