Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have been dealt yet another blow as reports emerged claiming their children have not been invited to the Coronation. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed last week that the King had invited them to the ceremony scheduled to take place on May 6. But Prince Archie Harrison, 3, and Princess Lilibet Diana's ,1, attendance has now been thrown into question. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The Sunday Telegraph reported correspondence from Buckingham Palace did not include any mention of the children being invited to the ceremony. The service is due in eight weeks and Harry and Meghan have allegedly received no guidance on whether the children will be allowed to attend. A royal source noted that Archie and Lilibet are "very young" and might struggle to cope with the ceremony. Prince George, 9, and Princess Charlotte, 7, are expected to take part in the service. Camilla, the Queen Consort's five grandchildren are also tipped to take part. JUST IN: Coronation threat as Windsors left 'threadbare' as top royals not 'bothered to turn up'  The Prince and Princess of Wales, however, are believed to still be considering whether to bring Prince Louis, who will be turning 5 next month, to the Coronation service. Meghan and Harry themselves might decide bringing the children to the Coronation could be overwhelming for the young tots. And they are still tipped to spend most of the day after the service celebrating Archie's fourth birthday, which falls on the same day. But precedent exists for young members of the Royal Family that could allow Archie and Lilibet to attend the ceremony. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan 'furious' as King puts HRH ban on Archie and Lilibet The King himself was four when he assisted to the coronation of his mother, the late Queen Elizabeth II, in 1953. And Princess Anne was only three. The report emerged after royal insiders suggested the Royal Family is still adamant to exclude the Duke and Duchess of Sussex from most of the proceedings on the day of the ceremony. One friend of the family said some members are hoping the couple will be "seated in Iceland" and kept away on the King's special day. They said: "They will be given the cold shoulder by very many relatives. One said to me, 'I hope they'll be seated in Iceland.'  DON'T MISS: Expert spots signs Autumn Kelly was the 'perfect ally' for Meghan [ANALYSIS] Coronation threat as top royals not 'bothered' about Coronation [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan branded ‘hypocrites’ over royal titles [LATEST] "Many of the family just want nothing more to do with them. If they have to see them at the Coronation then so be it, but they do not want to socialise with them." Buckingham Palace has so far refused to comment on whether His Majesty's grandchildren will play a role in the service but it is understood the Queen Consort's, who are older than George and Charlotte by a few years, will. Camilla's son Tom Parker Bowles has two children aged 15 and 13, while her daughter Laura Lopes has a 15-year-old daughter and 12-year-old boys. But George and Charlotte have increasingly appeared alongside their parents at public outings in recent years and therefore are expected to be included in the celebrations. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews