Prince George acquired a new last name when his parents became the Princess and Princess of Wales. Their surname used to be Cambridge but is now Wales. However, like many non-royal kiddies, George has acquired an affectionate nickname. As part of the Royal Family, Prince George lives a very unique life that is almost impossible for non-royal to comprehend. Even within his own family, George stands slightly apart from his sister and brother as the future King. But in spite of this, nine-year-old Prince George can still enjoy many things his non-royal pals can. Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis all attend Lambrook School in Berkshire. READ MORE: Kate shares Louis' 'favourite' vegetable - not peas or carrots  Officially, the eldest son's name is Prince George of Wales, however he has been given an affectionate nickname. His friends at Lambrook School might take to calling young George "PG Tips" - due to the quintessentially British tea brand. He has been given this sweet name because Prince George can be shortened to the initials PG. Apparently George likes the nickname "PG Tips" so much that it is even sometimes used at home, or shortened to just "Tips". George has a second nickname which interestingly has had even more royal popularity in recent years. A dog walker told The Sun in January 2019 that the little Prince referred to himself as "Archie" when she met him unexpectedly. She recalled being asked by a police minder not to take a photo of the children. However, when George started stroking her dog she thought she would engage in some conversation. READ MORE: Prince Louis wore shorts to Christmas service for specific reason In an act of friendliness she asked young George what his name was, and was surprised to hear him say a different name. "To my astonishment he said ‘I’m called Archie’ with a big smile on his face. "I don’t know why he calls himself Archie but kids often play with their names and I think it’s lovely." It is unknown whether others call George 'Archie', however the name is a royal favourite. In May of the same year, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle went on to name their first-born boy Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor. Before George was born, Kate reportedly called him her "our little grape", and allegedly had a hunch she and William were having a baby boy. Baby Centre speculated why the royal parents decided to name their first-born George. The official website states: "We can only speculate, of course, but Kate and William had a rich heritage of former kings to inspire them for their son's first name. George is a long-standing royal favourite. "It's likely that baby George was named after his great-great-grandfather, King George VI (the Queen's father)."