Keira Knightley has looked back on starring in the Pirates of the Caribbean series when she was just a teenager. And, although it earned her international fame, the star confessed she remembers a lot of bad times during the filming of the Disney films alongside Jack Sparrow star Johnny Depp. Knightley admitted in a new conversation with Harper's Bazaar that playing Elizabeth Swann was somewhat detrimental to her career. "She was the object of everybody’s lust," she explained. "Not that she doesn’t have a lot of fight in her. But it was interesting coming from being really tomboyish to getting projected as quite the opposite." In previous years, Knightley had become a household name after starring in the football movie Bend it like Beckham. As a result, she was displayed as a rough-and-tumble actor. When she hit the screen as Elizabeth, she was prim, proper, and in full renaissance regalia. After that, though, she met with new problems. Knightley said: "I felt very constrained. I felt very stuck." As a result, Knightley felt she needed to "break out" of the stereotyped position she was in in Hollywood. She went on to call her time between 2003 and 2005 a "very tricky five-year window". During that time, she starred in Love Actually, Pride & Prejudice and Atonement, to name but a few. Despite these blockbuster hits, Knightley felt "quite powerless". She confessed: "I didn’t have a sense of how to articulate it. It very much felt like I was caged in a thing I didn’t understand." She added that she was "incredibly hard" on herself during this time, as she wanted to break out as an actor, calling herself "so ambitious". Don't miss... Pirates 6 producer gives fans hope for Johnny Depp Jack Sparrow return [NEWS] Pirates of the Caribbean star Orlando Bloom teases comeback [INFO] The Office star Mackenzie Crook begs for help to find missing relative [INTERVIEW] Knightley may have been disappointed with the fallout of being involved in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies, she still enjoyed bringing them to life on the wonderful sets and locations. What's more, the British star confessed she loved filming some intimate scenes with Depp and Orlando Bloom. Knightley laughed during another interview: "I couldn’t ask for a better kissing scene with Johnny Depp actually. I think my 14-year-old self was yelping with pleasure. I’ve got Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom and I get to kiss both of them. It’s wonderful! It was fantastic! What more can a girl ask for?" However, Depp himself wasn't too thrilled with the notion of kissing the actress, who was 22-years younger than him at the time. Depp said: "Any kind of scene like that whenever you’re doing that sort of thing, it’s always unbelievably awkward, especially having met Keira when she was 17 years old. Regardless of that it’s always awkward, so you kind of just making light of it." He said Knightley was a "good sport" about the scene, despite the fact they were so close and how awkward it may have been while cameras were rolling. He went on to add: "We just kind of did what we had to do. That’s the gig." The Pirates of the Caribbean films are available on Disney Plus now.