A black NHS midwife has successfully filed a lawsuit against her employer for racial discrimination after her colleagues "joked" they should "check their bags" on her last day at work. Olukemi Akinmeji claims she has faced a "toxic" work environment and has been mistreated due to her skin colour, an employment tribunal heard. After leaving her job at William Harvey Hospital in Ashford, Kent, she took her former employers, East Kent Hospitals University NHS Trust, to court - alleging racial discrimination and victimisation. The midwife started working at the hospital in March 2018 and handed in her notice in December 2019, without giving any explanation. On her last day on January 25, 2020, shift coordinator Kathy Carr allegedly told staff: "It's Kemi's last day. Everyone, check your bags." Ms Carr later realised how "inappropriate" it was to make these comments "in front of colleagues" and claimed it was a "joke in bad taste", the court heard. She also claimed that she intended to say something "light-hearted" but was embarrassed because she had just learnt that Ms Akinmeji was leaving. In court, Ms Akinmeji said being "portrayed" as a "thief" in front of coworkers, patients and relatives did not strike her as "funny". Ms Carr claimed she thought a banner she had previously put up in the changing area in response to thefts served as the "trigger" for the statement. In an exit statement, Mr Akinmeji called on the Trust to act "appropriately" against racism and filed a formal complaint against Ms Carr for the embarrassment caused by her "false and baseless spiteful remark". She added: "The fact that [Kathy] Carr acts freely in such a manner goes without saying how she treats ethnic minorities." READ MORE: Loose Women's Charlene White silences critics over racism row The Trust claimed Ms Carr had since attended "unconscious bias training", which they said had her "reflect" on her comment and "realise" how "inappropriate" and "insensitive" it was. The Trust said: "She has stated she will not do so again and is now very much aware of the expectation of management in relation to her behaviour and the consequences." However, Ms Carr never attended the training course, the tribunal heard. This prompted the panel to conclude that Ms Akinmeji was working in a "toxic and difficult" environment in which she and her colleagues were shouted at and sworn at. DON'T MISS:James Bond classics to feature new trigger warnings after being edited [REPORT]Princess Anne offers Lady Susan Hussey olive branch after row [REPORT]Harry 'unforgivable' for not correcting racism allegations with Queen [REPORT] In light of the evidence, Employment Judge Anna Corrigan ruled Ms Akinmeji was subject to "bullying" by her co-workers. Speaking Ms Carr’s comment, she added: "This was an extremely offensive comment in the context of a black colleague leaving the workplace and the knowledge that there had been actual thefts from staff. "The implication is clearly that colleagues should take care of their things as [Ms Akinmeji] might be going to steal from colleagues on her last day." READ NEXT:Tate Britain protest sees clash as gallery hosts Drag Queen story timeIdris Elba admits he no longer calls himself a 'black actor' Police not taking action after boy loses finger running from schoolProtesters march on house of group behind black girl 'racist' attackTrigger warning over Bard language