Gary Neville has revealed that he spotted the exact moment in Manchester United’s 3-1 win over West Ham that showed that Casemiro was the driving force behind their success so far this season. The Red Devils were forced to come from behind to secure the win in the FA Cup clash, keeping their hopes of a quadruple alive. Erik ten Hag’s side looked like they would be crashing out of the competition after Said Benrahma curled his strike past David de Gea in the 54th minute. But United found themselves level with 13 minutes left on the clock after Nayef Aguerd headed into his own goal. Alejandro Garnacho then turned the tie on its head in the 90th minute before Fred put the game to bed with the last kick of the game. The win means that United will face Fulham in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup, giving them a chance of winning all four competitions that they are in – having won the Carabao Cup recently and also being one of the favourites to win the Europa League. Casemiro has played a key role in United’s successes so far this campaign, with the Brazil international showing why he has been considered one of the best midfielders in world football for many years. And Neville believes that the former Real Madrid star is one of the main reasons why the Red Devils are in flying form. He told Sky Sports: “(United) They're never out of the game, they’ve got a great spirit, they’ve got that bounce back in them and they never feel like they’re beaten. We talk about him a lot now but what Casemiro has done to that dressing room and that team is off the scale. “There was a free kick on the left-hand side that Bruno Fernandes had at one point and Casemiro went and told him, pointed at the spot – it was about 10, 15 minutes to go – and told him ‘put it there and I’m going to head it’. “Bruno put it there and he actually went and headed it and the goalkeeper saved it, but he just looks at this moment in time like he’s in complete control of that team. He looks like he’s such a dominant force and I heard Erik ten Hag say that it’s for dreamers about the title, I would agree with him, I feel that they’re not going to win the title, but I wouldn’t like Casemiro chasing me down if Arsenal and City were to drop points in this next month or so. “I wouldn’t like Casemiro chasing me down in the run-in because I think he’s the type of person, on his own in that club, that could have a massive impact in terms of how Manchester United would approach it.” United are currently third in the Premier League and 11 points behind table-toppers Arsenal, though the Old Trafford outfit do have a game in hand over their long-term rivals.