Arsenal representatives were, among others, reportedly left perplexed by the Premier League's reason for allowing Chelsea to sign Molde striker David Datro Fofana in January. Work permit rules were discussed in a recent meeting between top-flight clubs, leaving some clubs baffled. Chelsea completed a £10.5million deal to make the 20-year-old one of Graham Potter's first signings as head coach. However, despite already earning two caps for the Ivory Coast, Fofana didn't initially meet the Football Association's work permit requirements. After an appeal, he was awarded a visa and has since played 62 minutes of Premier League football across two games. But some clubs, including Arsenal and Everton, reportedly questioned why the FA performed a U-turn in a recent Premier League meeting. And according to the Mail, they were left bemused to learn that he fell short of the threshold but was handed a visa because Chelsea gave a 'good presentation'. JUST IN: Man Utd place Romeo Lavia on 'four-man transfer shortlist'  It remains unclear what the contents of the Blues' convincing presentation were, but the long-term nature of the contract they planned to give him may have played a role. Chelsea sanctioned marathon-length contracts to find a way past Financial Fair Play in the winter transfer window, splashing over £200million to strengthen Potter's squad. Their plans to tie Fofana down until 2029 may have convinced the FA that he was going to be at Stamford Bridge for the long run. But that likely won't stop Arsenal from believing that Chelsea shouldn't have been allowed to secure his services in January. DON'T MISS Osimhen hints at Man Utd transfer but his catch may force Kane bidFootball news LIVE - Man Utd coach's new role, Osimhen transfer hintLiverpool boss Klopp sends Man Utd clear message after Wolves win Fofana registered 24 goals and 10 assists in 65 appearances for Molde, winning the league title and cup with the Norwegian outfit. Potter has shown early faith in him in England, explaining that he omitted Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from his Champions League squad to offer Fofana more chances. Aside from Aubameyang, he is the only fit natural striker in the Chelsea first team, with Armando Broja injured and Joao Felix considered more of a 'number ten'. So he could receive opportunities to impress until the end of the season as the Blues fight to keep their faint top-four hopes alive. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here