A criminal website has leaked more than two million credit and debit cards online, reports have revealed. Credit card details connected to 740,858 accounts were shared, along with 811,676 debit cards and 293 charge cards.  The leaked data included complete names, expiration dates, CCV and unique email addresses. BidenCash, which includes images of the 46th POTUS, advertised the leak on an underground cybercrime forum. The advertisement was released in a one-year celebration of its first anniversary of operating in its illegal marketplace, Fox News has claimed. BidenCash operators caused significant harm to millions after compromising personal and financial information. JUST IN: Four Americans 'kidnapped' in Mexico as FBI demands safe return  BidenCash reportedly used the free stolen data dump to draw attention for marketing, using an image of the 80-year-old Commander-in-Chief as its brand identity. Underground online forums suggest criminals could use the information for subsequent cyber attacks. They also use a term known as "Fullz" in which they buy and sell stolen personal information in pursuit of a full name, date of birth, social security number, address, phone number, email address, bank account details and credit card information. Cybercriminals seek to obtain such information for fraudulent activities, including identity theft, credit card fraud, and other types of financial scams. READ MORE: Vomiting passengers left stranded for 9 hours after plane lands at closed airport People can protect themselves by checking their credit card activity, signing up for credit card alerts, installing strong antivirus protection and signing up for identity theft protection. You can monitor your credit cards by downloading the company's app and notifications can be turned on via these apps. Antivirus protection can be installed for Mac, PC, iOS and Android. Other companies provide protection which monitors your social security number and alerts you if it is being sold on the dark web or being used to open an account. DON'T MISS:Tories’ last chance to boost business [COMMENT]Boris's former chief whip claims he can convince ex-PM to back Sunak [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s C2oronation [LIVE BLOG] They also provide support for users hoping to freeze their accounts. D3Lab, an outfit which surveys security, could verify approximately 30 percent of a random sample of stolen cards. A vast majority of those impacted were from the United States, reports have warned. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews