The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's decision to style their children as Prince and Princess suggests the pair still see themselves closely linked to the Royal Family, a royal commentator believes. Expert Richard Fitzwilliams told Express.co.uk: "This means that Harry and Meghan are very close to the heart of the Royal Family with their children taking on the titles of Prince and Princess. Of course we don't know whether they will use them." Asked whether he believes the Sussexes still see themselves as connected to the Royal Family despite the ongoing feud, Mr Fitzwilliams added: "Well, it must mean that, yes, it couldn't be interpreted otherwise. "I think that is the case, and that being the case I can only hope that one day the rift is mended." Meghan and Harry spoke at length about tensions with some of their royal relatives in interviews and public appearances released over the past few years. The Duke also levelled a number of accusations against the Firm and its members in his book titled Spare, which took aim in particular at the Prince of Wales and the monarch. A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan announced on March 8 Lilibet had been christened earlier this month. The brief statement subtly informed the public of the Sussexes' decision to use a royal title for their daughter. Shared with People magazine, it read: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." The magazine also reported the baptism took place at the Sussexes' home in Montecito, the star-studded neighbourhood of Santa Barbara. READ MORE: Prince Harry could have his 'visa revoked' after admitting using drugs The event was intimate, featuring only some 20-30 guests, and was followed by a reception featuring dancing and food. Among the guests named by the magazine's source were Doria Ragland, the mother of Meghan, and Tyler Perry, the Hollywood A-lister who hosted the Sussexes for weeks when they first moved to the US in March 2020. Mr Perry was the godfather of Lili, a role he had already disclosed he would undertake when he appeared in the last episode of the biographical Netflix docu-series Harry & Meghan. King Charles, Queen Camilla and the Prince and Princess of Wales had reportedly been invited by Meghan and Harry, but did not travel across the pond for the ceremony. Don't miss... Prince Andrew could be banned from donning ceremonial robes  [INSIGHT] Meghan Markle's one-word reply when asked about first meeting Kate [REPORT] Meghan and Harry under fire as couple deemed 'difficult to work for' [LATEST] The monarch is also known to have invited his second son and daughter-in-law to his Coronation, but the Sussexes have not yet shared if they are planning to be at Westminster Abbey on May 6. Mr Fitzwilliams refrained from calling the royals' absence from the christening a snub, saying we don't know "which messages were exchanged" between the Sussexes and the senior royals. Speaking about the christening being celebrated in the US, Mr Fitzwilliams said: "I'm sure that that is what we expected. We didn't know when the christening would occur. But I mean, it made sense. They're settled there. "And this is very suitable for the current period. Obviously there's a rift with the Royal Family, obviously the Sussexes are settled in California. I think that's broadly what we probably would have expected. "Also the fact they kept much of it private. Archie's christening was kept pretty private here, so that's very much in line with what they did before."