Carol Vorderman recalled an injury she suffered during her Countdown days on BBC Radio Wales this morning. The 62-year-old's broken wrist saw her sporting what King Charles, then Prince, thought were "ball gloves". However, the presenter had actually fashioned something to hide her "grubby" arm cast from view. The mother-of-two had been attending a Pride Of Britain reception at Clarence House when the royal approached her. Sharing her tale with co-star Nathan Sussex, Carol couldn't hide her amusement at King Charles' question. The star said it had all come about after taking her offspring ice-skating at Somerset House "a number of years ago". READ MORE: Piers Morgan demands BBC suspend David Attenborough over Lineker row Recalling how she had heard the whistle ending her session, Carol was not in a hurry to leave the ice. Instead, she quickly tried a tricky corner move, only to instantly regret it. Falling over, she "busted" her wrist and was told by doctors it was the "cleanest break they had ever seen". This resulted in her having her arm in a cast for weeks, and trying to do everything one-handed on Countdown. She branded the situation "embarrassing" due to the nature of her role on the Channel 4 show. But it was after the cast looked far from its best that she fashioned something to cover it. Speaking in detail to Nathan, Carol said she used opaque tights over the top, after cutting the toes off. It was this that led to King Charles' confusion at the prestigious event. Don't miss... Kim Kardashian taken off Met Gala 2023 guest list in Vogue crack down [INVITE] BBC star Richard Osman slams 'pathetic' Gary Lineker MOTD decision [LATEST] Tony Blackburn worries fans as he pulls out of BBC Radio 2 slot [HEALTH] "He said to me, 'Oh Carol, are you going to an event later? "'You're wearing ball gloves'," she recalled him saying. Then, bursting into laughter, Carol quipped: "Oh no, I've cut a pair of tights off. "They are washed though, don't you worry." Carol has worked with Pride Of Britain since the beginning, with it launching back in 1999. She has fronted the awards since its launch, which started in April of the following year. The annual event honours British people who have acted bravely or extraordinarily in challenging situations. The latest event was held in October and saw Carol joined by a co-host for the first time, in the form of Ashley Banjo.