The Geordie duo were back on ITV screens with the Happiest Minute of the Week, I’m A Celebrity…Get Out Of Me Ear! and Win the Ads. However, Ant and Dec had to apologise for their latest segment Ring My Bell as it caused dogs at home to go wild. Introducing the segment, Dec said: "We've been to Binfield and now we're going to go out and about around the rest of the country. "So get the ear muffs on the dog because it's time for the return of Ring My Bell." The audience went wild clapping and singing along as the theme tune for the game played out. Ant exclaimed: "I love this! I love it Dec. I just love it. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air Dec explained: "You know how this works now. "We're going to go live to doorbell views belonging to our lovely audience. "If it's yours, get up on our feet and shout," as Ant replied: "Ding dong, that's my doorbell." Once the audience member stood up, Ant and Dec asked their neighbours to bring an item to the door. As they arrived, they were instructed to press the bell and shout: "Ring my bell!" The neighbour and audience member would then win £500 each for completing the game. The pair managed to give out four lots of prizes but they had to issue an apology to viewers. Taking to Twitter just minutes into the show, the official Saturday Night Takeaway account posted: "We would like to apologise in advance to all the doggos across the country who don't like this part of the episode #SaturdayNightTakeaway." DON'T MISS...Dec admits Matt Hancock's I'm A Celeb backlash 'has some validity' [INTERVIEW]Ant McPartlin 'felt sorry' for Bruno Tonioli at Britain's Got Talent [INSIGHT]Ant and Dec refuse 'too cruel' Saturday Night Takeaway pranks [LATEST] ITV viewers were quick to share snaps of their pet pooches running around the house due to the doorbells going off. Deb replied to the post: "He isn’t happy," as she posted a photo of her dog. Stacey asked: "We need clips of the dogs goin mental hahaha." (sic) Shelley Chapman added: "Dogs going crazy keep running to the front door," alongside crying laughing emojis. Alice shared a video of her dog and wrote: "Freddie didn’t like it very much either considering we don’t have a door bell." Danielle Daglish tweeted: "@itvtakeaway Barney the beagle is currently going ballistic." It comes after Ant and Dec received over 100 Ofcom complaints for their first episode after showing a first-time dad a fake scan of his unborn baby. Viewers were far from impressed and had branded the prank "cruel" and "uncomfortable". Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturday on ITV at 7pm.