Premier League clubs are now reportedly carrying out ‘spot checks’ on media upon entry to their stadiums, following a BBC broadcast of Liverpool against Wolves being interrupted by porn sound clips. Teams are keen to avoid such embarrassment again, with more thorough checks taking place ahead of televised matches. In January, viewers were left in hysterics after the BBC were pranked before an FA Cup clash at the Molineux Stadium. Following a few minutes of introductory chit-chat, host Gary Lineker was drowned out by the noises as the team behind the scenes desperately searched for what was causing the raunchy raucous. Pundits Alan Shearer and Danny Murphy tried their very best to prevent the sounds from derailing the show, though the pair, along with Lineker, struggled to contain their laughter as the minutes passed by and embarrassment grew. It was later unearthed that a mobile phone was planted underneath a chair in the studio which, when rang, would play the sexual sound clip as its ringtone. YouTube prankster Jarvo69 admitted that he was the mastermind behind the windup, filming the event as it unfolded on his channel. Now, though, the prank has prompted the Premier League to implement steps to avoid such humiliation in the future. According to the Daily Mail, clubs have been told to carry out checks on accredited media when they enter stadiums, regardless of how familiar they are with the outlet. Security has also been told to be more vigilant and to thoroughly check equipment when a game is scheduled to be televised live. It remains to be seen whether the plan of action is able to sniff out any potential embarrassments further down the line or if pranksters simply reroute their plans. The BBC apologised for the noises heard on their live coverage in January, with Lineker also making it very clear at the time that the team were working hard to stop the disturbances. Speaking after the event, though, the former Leicester City star admitted: “The BBC have issued some sort of apology, I know not why. It's certainly got nothing to apologise for. It was quite hard to carry on the pre-match build-up and take it seriously when this was going on in the background. "It added to the whole game actually. I don't think anyone cared for the game. We had a screamer of a goal which was kind of the tone of the whole show in some ways. As pranks go, it was a good one and credit to them. It was funny I thought."