Doing the laundry can feel like a chore at the best of times, but even more so when dealing with dull and stained whites. Whether it's a new t-shirt that’s been ruined or white bed sheets, one expert has revealed a 59p way to brighten and fix stained laundry. Liis Hainla, the founder and head editor of Vegan Avenue, an online vegan lifestyle magazine, has shared that baking soda is “incredibly effective” at brightening white and removing stains. Also known as bicarbonate of soda, the leavening agent traditionally used in baking, is great for dissolving dirt and grime thanks to its alkaline properties. Baking soda is one of the most versatile products that people turn to for a multitude of household cleaning solutions. The expert agreed: “As a vegan advocate and lifestyle blogger, I have been on the hunt for sustainable, animal-free cleaning solutions for years. And let me tell you, baking soda has been a game changer in my laundry routine. “Not only is it an all-natural and vegan option, but it's also incredibly effective at removing stains and brightening whites.” READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ The cleaning pro claimed that one of her “favourite ways” to use baking soda in her laundry routine is to create a paste with water and “apply it directly to stubborn stains” before washing. Liis said: “I've had great success with this method on red wine, tomato sauce, and grass stains. “I’ve also found that adding a half cup of baking soda to my regular laundry detergent helps to boost its cleaning power and leave my clothes looking brighter. “I've tried multiple laundry products, and I can confidently say that baking soda outperforms them all.” Don't miss... Gardeners share their ‘best’ solutions to get rid of lawn moss [TIPS] Gardeners share what to ‘never’ do to orchids to avoid killing them [COMMENTS] 8 things to ‘avoid’ cleaning with white vinegar - ‘damages’ appliances [EXPERT] While many households may turn to some sort of bleach to brighten and remove stains from their clothes, the expert claimed that baking soda is a far better option. She said: “I've found that using bleach to brighten whites can be harsh on fabrics and also have a strong chemical smell. “On the other hand, baking soda is a gentle alternative that doesn't leave any smell behind. “Additionally, I've found that many commercial stain removers contain animal-derived ingredients, such as enzymes from animal pancreas, which is something I always try to avoid. Baking soda is not only vegan but also a fraction of the cost of commercial products.” READ MORE: Remove ‘rusty-looking’ stains from grout and toilets with 14p item Not only can baking soda help to remove stains and brighten whites, it can also remove any nasty clothing odours, according to Liis. She said: “In my personal experience, I've found that baking soda is also great for removing odours from my laundry. “I’ve had success using it to freshen up workout clothes, and even to remove musty smells from vintage clothing items. “I also like to use it as a pre-treatment on tough, set-in odours like cigarette smoke and pet urine.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Most households will already have baking soda in their cupboards. However, for those who don’t, it is cheap to buy from local supermarkets. It retails for 59p at Tesco and 75p at Asda. Some even recommend combining baking soda with white vinegar to create an even more powerful, but gentle, alternative to laundry detergent. For this, add half a cup of both ingredients into the washing machine’s compartment before a cycle, and it’ll brighten and clean clothing, particularly whites. White vinegar also helps to boost baking soda as it neutralises unwanted scents on laundry.