Princess Eugenie and her young family have reportedly moved into Frogmore Cottage as Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been asked to leave the property. It had been suggested that Prince Andrew would be given the house instead, however the princess and her husband Jack Brooksbank moved into the Windsor House two weeks ago, according to a source.  A source told OK! Magazine that Harry "couldn't be happier" for his cousin, who he is known to be close to. Mr Brooksbank has been offered a promotion at the US-based firm Discovery Land Company, which means he will be spending more time in the US. But according to the insider, Eugenie, who is mother to two-year-old August and is expecting the couple's second child, is "determined to have the baby in the UK and bring up her children in England". It is thought whenever the couple are in the US they will stay with Harry and Meghan at their home in Montecito, California. The source said: "The Sussexes are disappointed by the move but couldn’t be happier that Eugenie and Jack will take it over. "They have been staying there on and off for the past few years anyway. "They went to see Harry and Meghan last month in California. They took over some small personal belongings left in the property. They were also helping to box up items at Frogmore to be shipped over to California. Another source said Eugenie and Jack would be living at Frogmore temporarily but Buckingham Palace had no long-term plans for them to stay there. The Duke of York had been tipped to move into the Windsor home as part of King Charles's move to make some savings in the royal budget. Andrew's annual grant of £249,000 is to be cut from April, which may leave him struggling to afford the upkeep on his current home Royal Lodge. Meghan and Harry were told to leave Frogmore in January, the day after Harry's autobiography Spare was published, which heavily criticised the Royal Family. Don't miss... Zara and Mike Tindall raise their kids with 'sense of freedom'  [LATEST] I was glad when I heard Charles had kicked out ungrateful Sussexes [COMMENT] Kate defies tradition and meets Norwegian royals in a green suit [FASHION] Journalist and biographer Omid Scobie said the Sussexes were "stunned" to hear the news but have accepted the decision. It remains to be seen whether Harry and Meghan will travel back to the UK for the King's Coronation in May - but the couple have confirmed they have received an official invite. There are concerns about where they will stay if they are unable to be housed on a royal estate. However, the pair are said to have been offered Prince Andrew's old apartments in Buckingham Palace as a gesture of good will from Charles.