Kaitlin is an "Amercian in London" and she shares her insights on expat life in the UK city on her TikTok account @kaitlin_in_london. In a number of videos that have proved controversial, the content creator told TikTokers: "I'm an American living in London and let me tell you, living in Europe is freaking better than living in America. "And yes, I know every one of you Europeans is going to come at me in the comments and say we don't Americans here, blah blah blah. Listen I'm telling you, life is better in Europe." She urged her fellow Americans: "If you have the opportunity to move here, move here. I'm changing my full perspective living here." She went on to list the top five reasons she loves living in London. Kaitlin said: "The big thing for me is being able to travel and go to all these countries and have completely unique, different experiences. In the States, it's very different because you go from Georgia to North Carolina for example. It's pretty much the exact same culture. You don't really get a big variety of different people and different experiences. READ MORE: American tourists say 'tacky' Buckingham Palace is 'uninteresting' "The second thing is public transportation. It's super easy to get around everywhere here, versus in the States. Typically you have to get in your car and go drive for an hour or so. "Three, which I know people are going to get mad at me about, is I genuinely think it's a lot cheaper to live in London than it was to live in the States. "Four, I love how active my life is now. I have to walk to the grocery store or take a bike to work, I'm super active. I'm able to go outside more than I typically do, which is great. "Number five, things are really cute here. I know people are going to come at me in the comments with this too, but things are just genuinely wholesome here. It's very cute, it just puts a smile on my face every day when I'm walking around." DON'T MISSFlight attendant secrets: 'Important' reason to always go to the toilet [INSIDER] Vital hotel room toothbrush hack from flight attendant [EXPERT] Flight attendant says use a coat hanger on your door to stay safe [HACK] So how does the US compare to the UK in terms of its ranking in key areas? According to the OECD Better Life Index, the US does much better than the UK in terms of education. Where the US achieves rank eight out of 41 for educational attainment, the UK comes in at rank 23. In terms of income, the US ranks second, coming in behind only Luxembourg. The UK came in sixth, just behind Australia and ahead of Canada. The US came ahead of the UK for health too, ranking eighth, whereas the UK ranked 17th. For life satisfaction, the US ranked 14th out of 41, whereas the UK came in at 16th. However, the UK narrowly beat the US on work-like balance. Both countries did fairly badly in this category, coming in at 28th for the UK and 29th for the US. According to the United Nations' Human Development Report 2021/22, neither the US nor the UK are in the top 10 countries to live in. Which are the top 10 countries to live in?