Smoke has been spotted billowing from the grounds of a Russian military flying school amid reports of a fire breaking out on the base. The incident is said to have occurred earlier on Friday morning near Krasnodar in Southern Russia, and the cause of the fire is still unknown. Russian authorities have not yet confirmed if there are any casualties or damage to equipment. It comes shortly after blasts rocked a number of locations in Russian-occupied Mariupol in Ukraine. Fires reputed to have struck two fuel depots, a steel mill that Russia employs as a military base, and an ammo cache at an airport, according to a statement by the British Ministry of Defence. Mariupol was widely devastated earlier in the war but is still important to Russia because it is the largest city that Russia captured in 2022 and currently controls, and it is also located on a crucial logistics route. READ MORE: Russian recession tipped to deepen in 'turning point year' Meanwhile, the Kremlin on Thursday accused Ukrainian saboteurs of crossing into western Russia and firing on villagers. Ukraine denied the claim and warned that Moscow could use the allegations to justify stepping up its own attacks in the ongoing war. The exact circumstances of the reported attack in the Bryansk region remain unclear, as was the strategic purpose of such an assault. The regional governor said two civilians were killed. If confirmed, it would be another indication following drone attacks earlier this week that Kyiv may be intensifying pressure against Moscow by exposing Russian defensive weaknesses, embarrassing the Kremlin and sowing unease among Russian civilians. Russian President Vladimir Putin blamed Ukrainian “terrorists” for the incursion, claiming that they deliberately targeted civilians, including children in "yet another terror attack, another crime.” "They infiltrated the area near the border and opened fire on civilians," Putin said during a video call. "They saw a civilian vehicle with civilians, with children in it, and they fired on them." The alleged incursion came just days after Putin ordered the Federal Security Service to tighten controls on Russia’s border with Ukraine. While Russian war hawks have expressed dismay with what they see as Putin's reluctance to declare martial law and launch a sweeping mobilization of soldiers, the Russian leader's comments Thursday did not appear to signal any such moves. Putin blamed the attack on "neo-Nazis" and said it confirmed that Russia did the right thing by invading Ukraine. "I repeat again: They will not succeed, and we will finish pushing them out," he said. DON'T MISS: Defiant pensioner blares siren outside Russian diplomat’s house [REPORT]Russia to imprison critics of illegal Wagner Group for up to 15 years  [REVEAL]Putin's botched PR stunt which left an endangered tiger dead  [INSIGHT] A group calling itself the Russian Volunteer Corps claimed it crossed the border into Russia in a video that also urged Russians to rebel. The group's statement did not explain what actions it took or what specific objectives it wanted to achieve. The Russian Volunteer Corps described itself as "a volunteer formation in the Armed Forces of Ukraine." Little is known about the group, and it was not immediately clear if it has any ties with the Ukrainian military. The group was founded in August and consists mostly of anti-Putin far-right Russian extremists who have links with Ukrainian far-right groups, according to Michael Colborne, a researcher for the investigative website Bellingcat. Colborne said on Twitter that Ukrainian military intelligence "very likely" approved the incursion.