Liverpool icon Graeme Souness has climbed down from his opinion that Manchester United defender Lisandro Martinez will get “caught" out after his impressive displays at the start of the centre-back’s Red Devils career. The former Ajax star has surprised many in the Premier League as he is one of the shorter players in his position but has enjoyed a stellar start to life at Old Trafford. At five-foot-nine, eyebrows were raised when Erik ten Hag opted to play Martinez at centre-back in the early stages of the season. Defeats to Brentford and Brighton saw many United stars questioned before a remarkable turnaround post-World Cup and Souness was one of several to criticise the Argentine. “I just feel when you are that size you will get caught [out],” Souness told talkSPORT in October. “You will get pinned in the box. “I don’t think he’s terribly quick, I don’t think he’s terribly good on the ball, but he makes other people play and has real aggression, which Argentinians tend to have. “We are talking about the Premier League. He will [get found out]. At 5’9” and he’s playing against guys who are 6’2” then he will get pinned occasionally. He will get out sprinted occasionally and he will get caught. That’s my take on it.” Martinez has starred in a much-improved United team that are now in a title race alongside Arsenal and Manchester City, as he has formed a strong partnership with Raphael Varane. Jamie Carragher recently made a U-turn over his negative claims from earlier in the season regarding Martinez, and Souness has now followed suit. “I think Martinez is one of those players who, if you are playing against him, would annoy the life out of you,” Souness told the Daily Mail. “He’s a feisty so-and-so, isn’t he? ‘Argument in an empty house’ comes to mind — he would have an argument with himself, looking in the mirror! DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes "But team-mates react to that. I thought he would be exposed when he arrived at United because of his size and relative lack of pace. I have to hold my hands up there. “But he obviously has a real football brain and that ‘lead from the front’ mentality. You can see it in him. Everyone on the pitch, he wants to have an argument with. I love to see that. Casemiro’s got a bit of it in him, too. “They’re the ones who can carry the flag. And then, behind them, you’ve got others suddenly ready to stand up and be counted. I like the way Erik ten Hag has reinstated discipline. These are the kinds of qualities I always remember when we went up against each other for Liverpool and United.”