Manchester United and Chelsea transfer target Frenkie De Jong is reportedly no longer for sale despite Barcelona’s serious financial woes. The playmaker has been heavily linked with a move to the Premier League previously, though the Catalan club are said to have taken him out of the shop window entirely. United were desperate to sign De Jong last summer, with Erik ten Hag keen to reunite with the player and build a squad around him, having aided his development at Ajax. However, the playmaker dug his heels in at Camp Nou and refused to leave, citing his love for the club to the media. Barca were keen to sell the Netherlands international at the time due to their growing financial woes, with De Jong being one of the highest-paid players on their books. However, they have performed a U-turn on that decision, according to the Spanish news outlet Sport. They now deem the 25-year-old as ‘non-transferrable’ because they feel that they will struggle to find a replacement that is equally as effective. De Jong is highly regarded by the club and they are well aware that they have a top player on their hands, and his price tag will now reflect that should any team come calling. Don't miss... Ten Hag makes feelings clear after Garnacho's response to criticism [LATEST] Chelsea and United were both expected to return for the playmaker at the end of the season, though they may turn their attention elsewhere if De Jong’s asking price is out of their respective reaches. Ten Hag may hope that the prospect of Champions League football will turn the head of the player, though Barca do not look like budging currently and have their own personal aspirations under the management of Xavi. Don't miss... All eight Man Utd games Casemiro misses through suspension [LATEST] Man Utd could sign 'best defender in the world' for just £43m [TRANSFER] Man Utd owners the Glazers scaling back spending on NFL franchise [NEWS] Chelsea’s need for a midfielder could increase markedly by the end of the season, with Mason Mount refusing to pen a contract extension at the club. The playmaker is keen to remain with the Blues but is hoping to receive a contract that represents the value he holds to his boyhood club – and he reportedly does not feel he has been offered that to date. Graham Potter has remained coy on the matter, though admitted that there is a chance that the England international could be sold as a result – with the higher powers at Stamford Bridge keen to avoid players entering the final 12 months of their contracts and eventually leaving for free. United are amongst the sides reportedly monitoring the situation, feeling that the 24-year-old could have a lot to offer at Old Trafford, though it remains to be seen whether a contract agreement can be reached when talks are reignited at the end of the season. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE