Kate, Princess of Wales is known for her impeccable style, and every outfit will have been carefully curated and thought about; be it a subtle blue jumper for when she attended the Ukrainian Cultural Centre or a bright red coat for a visit to Wales. More recently, she has been establishing her work-wear wardrobe for daytime public engagements, which consists of a smart blazer and trouser suits, and either fine knits or silk blouses. When it comes to the evening, or stepping out with other Royal Family members, there have been times when she has dressed to show unity. According to Miranda Holder, Kate’s wardrobe as the Princess of Wales “is probably the most important royal wardrobe” at this moment in time. The stylist said every outfit the Princess of Wales wears is “being scrutinised around the world the moment she steps out into the public eye”. Therefore, the clothes she chooses “will have been planned and premeditated”, Miranda suggested to Newsweek. This is because “the impact of every tiny style statement” is a way in which Kate, and the Royal Family “communicate to the world an important message”. READ MORE: Changes spotted to William and Harry’s body language over the years When Kate attends a public engagement with Prince William, their children, or other members of the Royal Family, there is usually some cohesion in their outfits. This comes in the form of everyone wearing varying shades of the same colour, or contrasting colours to ensure everyone stands out in their own right, or Kate wearing a paler colour compared to the Queen Consort, to show the hierarchy of the family. Last month, Queen Consort Camilla had a day engagement and wore and red dress, that same evening, Kate and Prince William attended her re-campaign launch event for Shaping Us wearing a bright red suit. Miranda explained how “the Wales family have been stepping out in colour-coordinated outfits for years”, and suggested “it provides a show of resilience and unity throughout a fairly turbulent few years.” Don't miss... Man who was ‘addicted to takeaways’ sheds 6st with ‘no fad diet’  [EXCLUSIVE] Toblerone to change the packaging of chocolate bar due to Swiss rules  [FOOD NEWS] Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ [COMMENT] In particular, the stylist referenced the Christmas carol concert last December when Kate, Princess Charlotte, Zara Tindall and Pippa Middleton, all turned up wearing burgundy, days after Meghan Markle explained her understanding of royal fashion protocol in the Harry and Meghan Netflix documentary. The Duchess of Sussex said: “To my understanding, you can't ever wear the same colour as Her Majesty if there's a group event, but then you also shouldn't be wearing the same colour as one of the other, more senior members of the family.” Miranda emphasised that matching outfits between Royal Family members are not “an error of judgement” but suggested they are a “way of communicating to the world that despite the chaos surrounding the Harry and Meghan debacle, they shall not be disrupted and are standing their ground”. READ MORE: Hairdresser shares most ‘elegant and youthful’ cut for ‘any age’ More recently, Kate has been re-wearing and reworking some favourite designer pieces - her L.K. Bennett shearling jacket in chocolate brown which she debuted back in 2011 is an example of this. Wearing older items is said to be a way to keep Kate “relevant and accessible” to the public. Another way of achieving this is by wearing high-street brands like Karen Millen, Hobbs and Zara. This all contributes to what Miranda calls “diplomatic dressing” which was “originally mastered by the late Queen Elizabeth ll”, and Kate “is now carrying this fashion legacy forward”. When it comes to red carpet looks, fashion fans were left divided by Kate’s BAFTAs choice. Miranda said she made a “fashion forward” statement with an old Alexander McQueen white dress, long black gloves and large gold floral earrings. The stylist said Kate debuted an “unusually avant-garde” style, which proved she is “a future Queen”.