She may have played a tough cop in dramas like Waking The Dead, New Tricks and The Bill, but actress Claire Goose said she is now too scared to go jogging alone, or even let her children walk to school, following high-profile cases of police violence towards women. Claire, who is set to star in ITV’s police procedural hit The Bay, said: “I was listening to a discussion about how much pressure the police are under at the moment. “You hear Commissioner Rowley say how many police will be prosecuted per week. Then you hear about David Carrick sentenced for rapes. “From what I hear, we will see a lot of dramas about police in the next couple of years.” Claire, 48, said the murder of Sarah Everard by policeman Wayne Couzens caused her and many other women to alter their behaviour. And she highlighted the controversy around the police search for missing mum Nicola Bulley as another cause for concern. “They don’t have a great reputation at the moment, with everything that went on with Nicola Bulley. There was also an interesting conversation around the time of Sarah Everard. There was a lot of stuff coming out about women, and I was thinking, ‘God, I do that’. “The minute you come out of the Tube, you might take the keys out of your bag, have them in your hand ready. “You’re almost on hyper alert without even realising you are – it has definitely changed. “For me, it also has something to do with being a mother because it’s not just about you anymore. “I didn’t used to bat an eyelid about going for a run alone, at dusk, or in the evening in summer when it’s still light. Now I just wouldn’t do it.” The Bay, now in its fourth series, focuses on family liaison officer DS Jenn Townsend, in Morecambe. Her family life is tested when her partner’s ex-wife Jacqui, played by Claire, turns up. Claire said: “It’s like Unfor-gotten. Six hours in which, just very slowly, you start to peel back all the layers. “People like it because they can be armchair detectives and sit there trying to think who did it.” And she adds: “I’d love to go back and play her again. It was such great fun.” ● The Bay is on ITV1, Wednesdays, 9pm