Steph Curry torched the Milwaukee Bucks to lead the Golden State Warriors to victory in a highly-anticipated NBA regular season contest on Saturday night. It was a classic performance from Curry, who scored 36 points as the reigning NBA champions needed overtime to defeat the Eastern Conference leaders. The Bucks won the NBA Championship in 2021 while the Warriors won the title last season, so the match-up was played in front of an expectant crowd inside Chase Center. And with Giannis Antetokounmpo absent due to a hand injury, Curry delivered as the Warriors secured a 125-116 win over the Bucks. Ultimately, the 34-year-old put on a show down the final stretch as he hit a three to tie the game and then pulled off a stunning block on Jrue Holiday to force overtime. In the additional period, Curry hit another deep strike to ice the game and send the fans home happy. Klay Thompson finished the night with 22 points and was the best player for the Warriors up until Curry caught fire in the fourth quarter. Donte DiVincenzo continued his impressive season with 20 points and 11 rebounds, while JaMychal Green and Jordan Poole scored 18 and 13 points off the bench respectively. READ MORE: NBA star Kyrie Irving pays for orphanage in Ghana with huge donation Curry has a number of performances that will be referenced and looked back on when assessing the point guard’s position among the all-time greats. The win over the Bucks was certainly one such outing, with the four-time NBA champion scoring 22 points in the fourth quarter to seal the win. “Steph is fearless,” Warriors head coach Steve Kerr said after the match. “It doesn’t matter if there is a slow start of if he hasn’t had much going, he can ignite at any time.” Golden State held a 13-point lead midway through the third quarter before the Bucks fought back to lead in the fourth. In overtime, the Warriors pulled away and secured a huge win to end a three-game losing streak. When asked about the end of the game, Kerr was pleased to see the response from his team. “Championship stuff,” Kerr added. “That is the team that won four titles. They know how to do it. Don't miss... Toronto Raptors star launches into foul-mouthed rant about NBA refs [LATEST] Shaquille O'Neal hits out at suspended Memphis Grizzlies ace Ja Morant [LATEST] Devin Booker, Chris Paul rue Kevin Durant injury as Suns year at risk [LATEST] “They got it done tonight against probably the best team in the league.” It was a gutsy performance by the Warriors, spearheaded by Curry, as they held off an impressive Bucks team that played incredibly well without Antetokounmpo. In total, seven players hit double digits in points with Khris Middleton and Brook Lopez leading the way with 19 each. The 35-33 Warriors face the Phoenix Suns in their next match on Monday night. The Suns possess a 37-30 record to sit fourth in the Western Conference standings, two places above Golden State.