Political commentator and journalist Isabel Oakeshott appeared on BBC Breakfast to defend her decision to leak around 100,000 WhatsApp messages from the former Health Secretary Matt Hancock to the Daily Telegraph. She was working closely with the I'm A Celebrity star in 2022 on Pandemic Diaries which gives the public an insight into decisions made during the coronavirus lockdowns. When BBC Breakfast's Rachel Burden brought up Oakeshott's personal relationship with Hancock, she shut down the idea of them being friends. When discussing Pandemic Diaries, Burden asked Oakeshott: "Were you friends with Matt Hancock? "Did you become close while you were writing this?" to which Oakeshott simply replied "no". Burden continued to probe: "So your relationship was based on trust but there was no particular warmth or connection or friendship there?" Clearly unhappy with the suggestion she shared a bond with the politician, Oakeshott didn't hold back in questioning why the BBC Breakfast host was focusing on the matter. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges She said: "I don't really know why you're asking this question. "I'm a professional journalist, I'm a working journalist. It is not my job to protect the reputations of politicians. It is my job to expose what they do." Following up on the point she was trying to make, Rachel said she knew writing a book can get "quite intense" and trust builds when you "spend a lot of time together". She then went on to share the statement the former Health Secretary released regarding the matter. "Matt Hancock himself says: 'Isabel and I worked closely together for more than a year on my book, based on legal confidentiality and a process approved by the Cabinet office. "'Isabel repeatedly reiterated the importance of trust throughout and then broke that trust.'" Nevertheless, Oakeshott fought back again, standing her ground on the matter. "Well you know what, I've been really clear I'm not going to get into any kind of slanging match with Matt Hancock. "There's plenty I could say about the way he approached our professional relationship and the decisions he made about disappearing to the jungle without telling me, at a critical time in our dealings with the Cabinet office. "Many other things I could go into but funnily enough, this isn't about him. I know he tends to think it is. It isn't about him, it isn't about me, it's so much bigger than that." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [EXIT]Moonpig is offering free delivery on Mother's Day bouquets - but hurry [DEAL]Piers Morgan reacts as 'bitter' Dan Walker reignites their feud [REACTION] In the messages, there were countless exchanges between Hancock and his colleagues during the pandemic, discussing certain aspects and decisions they had made. During lockdowns, those who had flown into the UK from high-risk countries were required by law to stay in a hotel near the airport for 10 days upon arrival. At one point, Hancock and the country's highest ranking civil servant Simon Case seemed to joke about what became known as "hotel quarantine". Case wrote: "I just want to see some of the faces of people coming out of first class and into a Premiere Inn shoe box." When Hancock said people were doing it out of their own free will, Case commented: "Hilarious." Hancock gave Oakeshott the messages while helping him to write the book about his experiences of the pandemic. She signed a non-disclosure agreement promising she would only use the messages for background information while working on Pandemic Diaries but broke the agreement by handing them over to The Telegraph. Oakeshott claims it was in the public interest to leak the messages, given how the handling of the pandemic and subsequent lockdowns was "catastrophic".