Manchester United and Newcastle could be set to hit Barcelona where it hurts this summer when the Catalan giants will be forced into action in order to lift their alleged transfer ban. Speaking at the Financial Times' Business of Football summit in London on Thursday, La Liga president Javier Tebas ruled the club must sell in order to buy at the end of the season with Barca still riddled with an estimated £1billion worth of debt. "As of today, Barcelona doesn't have any room in its budget to spend in the upcoming transfer window," Tebas said. "Barcelona has been involved in questionable behaviour which has had an impact on La Liga and we are acting accordingly. We have ruled that they can no longer sign more players." He later added: "In the case of Barcelona, they have to drop spending on wages and transfers from £532m to £399m (€650m to €450m), so it’s a budget of minus £177m (€200m). "They have to reduce their investment in players and we have encouraged them to sell players because, for every amount they raise in sales, they can spend 40 per cent of that." READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final The shining light for Barcelona is that a number of their players are of strong interest to clubs in the Premier League - meaning sales should prove to be relatively straight forward if Xavi is prepared to make some tough decisions. Frenkie de Jong for instance, has long been courted by Manchester United, who actually agreed a £63m deal with Barcelona for the Dutchman last summer. De Jong stalled on the move, however, instead opting to fight for his place at Barcelona despite several long-winded telephone conversations with Erik ten Hag. Yet now there is a key difference, Manchester United are coming up the hill and are beginning to show the world that they are truly on their way back to their former glories. DON'T MISSLuis Enrique appointment could help reignite careers of three Chelsea strugglersMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightLiverpool have seven names on centre-back wish-list as Chelsea and Everton stars impress Reds Ten Hag's side are 20 games unbeaten in all competitions and recently picked up their first piece of silverware this season by defeating Newcastle 2-0 in the Carabao Cup final. Furthermore, De Jong got to sample the Old Trafford atmosphere last Thursday as Barcelona fell to a 2-1 defeat to United in the second leg of their last 32 Europa League showdown. De Jong was excellent despite Barcelona's exit as he enjoyed a competitive battle with Casemiro in the middle of the park and the prospect of teaming up with the Brazilian in United's midfield is certainly an attractive proposition. Striking a fee with Barcelona seems relatively straightforward given an agreement was reached last summer and convincing the player to jump ship remains the sticking point. Nonetheless, United's chances of doing so certainly stand in better stead this time around given the progress they have made this season. Furthermore, another player of strong Premier League interest is Raphinha, who spent two seasons with Leeds before moving to Barcelona last summer. He remains a regular starter under Xavi but with Newcastle circling, the chance to raise a big bulk of cash in one hit could prove all too tempting for Barcelona. Raphinha is said to be among Newcastle's top targets ahead of the summer transfer window and the likes of Chelsea and Arsenal have also previously shown interest during his time at Leeds. The Brazilian is the perfect Premier League attacker in so many ways, although it appears unlikely that he would be prepared to end his time with Barcelona after just one season. The club could have the final say on the matter, however, particularly given they need to reach the £178m sales figure - which could provide Newcastle with ammunition to test the waters with a bid - in order to spend.