One of Meghan Markle’s close friends was spotted laughing at comedian Chris Rock’s jokes about Meghan’s race row with the Palace. Janina Gavankar, 42, attended Mr Rock’s live comedy special on Netflix, Selective Outrage, at the Hippodrome Theater in Baltimore. She was watching the performance from the VIP Green Room.  Rock, 58, mocked Meghan and Prince Harry’s Oprah Winfrey interview from March 2021. He joked about Sussex's fury over an unnamed royal asking "how dark" their unborn baby’s skin would be. A source told Page Six: "Janina looked to be enjoying the show very much, she was standing up by the TV screens and laughing". Rock said Meghan was "acting all dumb" during the race row. READ MORE: Prince Harry diagnosed with new condition during live interview wit... He added: "Who is this girl Meghan Markle? Seems like a nice lady - just complaining. Like, didn’t she hit the light-skinned lottery? "I'm like, 'What the f**k is she talking about? They're so racist, they wanted to know how brown the baby was going to be,' I'm like, 'That's not racist,' cause even black people want to know how brown the baby gonna be. S**t. We check behind the ears. "[She was] going on Oprah [and] saying, 'I had no idea how racist they were.' That's the royal family, you didn't Google those motherf**kers? They’re the original racists. They invented colonialism. They invested in slavery like it was 'Shark Tank.'" But he went on to joke how he knew what Meghan was going through. Don't miss... King Charles to offer Harry and Meghan 'alternative UK home' [LATEST] The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview [LATEST] Americans react to Rebel Wilson's comments about Meghan Markle [LATEST] He added: "I know her dilemma: Black girl trying to be accepted by her white in-laws." Janine, Meghan’s friend of 19 years, has strongly defended the duchess in the past. Referring to the Royal Family’s response to Meghan’s claims in the Oprah interview, she said "recollections may vary" during an appearance on This Morning. She claimed the monarchy was never aware of the extent of Meghan’s struggles during her time as a royal.