Lando Norris could replace Lewis Hamilton at Mercedes when the seven-time champion retires, according to Karun Chandhok. However, the ex-F1 driver has claimed team boss Toto Wolff could face a headache if he tried to sign the 23-year-old before his McLaren deal expired. Hamilton is yet to put pen to paper on a new contract with the Silver Arrows despite Wolff admitting they had sat down for first talks. However, Chandhok feels Norris would be the ideal replacement alongside George Russell if Hamilton opts to hang up his helmet. He told Sky Sports F1’s Vodcast: “McLaren was the best option for him and is the best option for him outside the top three. But locking himself in. "Let's say Lewis does decide halfway through this year 'you know what, we're not going anywhere, it's not enough for me to win the championship' and he decides to stop. Lando is the number one pick. I would imagine he would be the number one pick for Toto and Mercedes.” READ MORE: Norris reacts to Horner after being told 'sign Red Bull contract now'  Norris has previously admitted he held talks with Red Bull boss Christian Horner before signing up for his latest McLaren deal meaning talks with Mercedes would not be impossible. The McLaren driver also appeared frustrated in pre-season testing as the team struggled to get to grips with their new car. The British ace even suggested McLaren’s woes may last past the end of his deal and that he was not “patient” to start competing at the front. However, he signed a mega £80million deal to keep him in the British squad until the end of 2025 which could prove an issue. Chandhok added: “For him to be extracted out of the McLaren contract is going to cost Toto and Mercedes. Whereas if he was a free agent at the end of this year it would be a free deal. It's harder." DON'T MISS'I'm not patient' - Lando Norris opens up on McLaren future  [INSIGHT]Lando Norris in F1 testing incident that almost led to Ferrari crash [ANALYSIS]Lando Norris backed to get better of new team-mate Oscar Piastri [COMMENT] Ted Kravitz quickly added that Mercedes could still “get him out” of his McLaren deal if the German manufacturer were desperate to secure him. The team paid a staggering £10million to release Valtteri Bottas from his Williams deal after Nico Rosberg walked away after the 2016 campaign. However, Chandhok commented: "As a driver, I'm not sure why you would put up that barrier. Because let's say Leclerc decides I've had enough of the Ferrari stuff, I fancy a Mercedes seat'. “Suddenly it's like I have to pay five million for Lando, five million for Leclerc, that suddenly becomes a decision. Whereas if you're paying zero for one and five for the other. He's giving himself less options."