Season one of The Last of Us will end with episode nine titled Look For The Light. The show has been a smash hit with viewers loving the post-apocalyptic show based the phenomenally successful video game of the same name and has got a second season from HBO. Here’s a look at the star portraying Anna Williams. American star Ashley Johnson takes on the role of Anna Williams. She is an acclaimed voice actress as well a live action star. In an excellent piece of stunt casting, Johnson, 39, takes on the part in a nod to the source material. Ashley is known for voicing Ellie Williams (played by Bella Ramsey) in The Last of Us video game. Remarkably, Ashley and Ellie actress in the show Bella seem to fit the bill with a resemblance there suggesting they could be mother and daughter. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets Some of Ashley’s other roles have included Blindspot in which she played Patterson. She has lent her voice to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Minecraft and Lego Dimensions. Ashley has also appeared in a series of Little Things short films, Drunk History, Critical Role and Exandria Unlimited. The actress hails from California and started out as a child actor on Growing Pains. Ashley was a former beauty pageant winner after winning a Miss Jr. Michigan contest. She is married to host and producer Brian Wayne Foster with the couple tying the knot in 2012. They appear together in the Critical Roles series together. When she isn’t working, Ashley is said to be a snowboard fan and enjoys surfing. According to IMDB, she also attended the International School of Music for Violin and Piano and can play both the guitar and the cello. She is also in a band with her sister Haylie Johnson, who is a musician and actress. Ashley isn’t the only one from the video game to have made it into the cast of The Last of Us TV series. In episode eight Troy Baker - who plays Joel Miller (Pedro Pascal) in the game took on the role of survivalist and cannibal James as part of the Silver Lake community. Don't miss...Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [INSIGHT]Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B [VIDEO]Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [LATEST] Additionally, Jeffrey Pierce - who is Tommy Miller (Gabriel Luna) in the game - took on the role of survivalist Perry earlier in the series alongside Kathleen (Melanie Lynskey). Merle Dandrige reprised her role as Firefly Marlene from the game and is one of the few to play the character she starred as in the original. The Last of Us will be returning to screens with another series which is expected to round off the story. Depending on the continued success of The Last of Us, the show could even surpass the video game but it will all depend on what happens next. The Last of Us concludes on HBO on Sunday at 9pm EST and on Sky Atlantic and NOW on Monday at 2am and 9pm