Manchester United have three players driving their interest in Napoli hitman Victor Osimhen ahead of the summer transfer window, according to reports. The Nigeria international is one player on the Red Devils’ radar as Erik ten Hag eyes a new No 9 for the end of the season. However, any deal certainly won’t come cheap given the striker’s impressive form. Manchester United have been planning on signing a world-class forward ever since the departure of Cristiano Ronaldo back in the summer. And Osimhen is one player of interest to the Red Devils as they look to compete on all four fronts again next season. According to The Athletic, there are three players within the squad who are inadvertently driving United’s interest in the Napoli star. One is Mason Greenwood, with the Red Devils yet to decide what to do with the youngster after charges were dropped against him. United are currently conducting their own investigation when it comes to the 21-year-old. And the ‘ongoing doubts’ are why the Red Devils are exploring the possibility of signing Osimhen at the end of the season. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Anthony Martial’s injuries are another factor, too. Many expected United to jettison the France international back in the summer, having seen the forward regress. He also endured a torrid loan spell at Sevilla, netting just once before returning to Old Trafford having been regularly sidelined during his time in Spain. Martial started the season in fine fettle, at one point having four goals from just three matches. But injuries have regularly hampered him this term and United are believed to be open to a parting of the ways come the end of the season. A third player behind United’s stance, again inadvertently, is Wout Weghorst. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes That the Netherlands international is only on a short-term deal, having arrived from Burnley on loan in January, means United will need a replacement. There is, of course, a possibility they’ll sign Weghorst permanently with the striker impressing - despite his lack of goals. But Osimhen would be a substantial upgrade and, regardless of a potential takeover, United are willing to back Ten Hag on the transfer front this summer. Osimhen has been in outstanding form for Napoli this term. He’s been key in the Serie A giants’ charge towards the Scudetto, netting 19 goals from 20 league games and clocking up three assists along the way. The 24-year-old has also bagged twice from four appearances in the Champions League, too. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And, should he make the move to Old Trafford, he’ll become the club’s eighth signing from Serie A. Laurent Blanc, Juan Sebastian Veron and Giuseppe Rossi all touched down during the years when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. Under Louis van Gaal, United recruited Sergio Romero and Matteo Darmian. And Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer proceeded to bring in Paul Pogba, Amad and Cristiano Ronaldo respectively during their stints in the dugout. Former United star Paul Parker, meanwhile, recently claimed the Red Devils should make Osimhen a priority target for the summer. “Victor Osimhen is very dynamic and I really like him as a player,” he said. “He is quick and strong but it’s tough to move from the Serie A to the Premier League. “Not because the Premier League is much better than the Italian league but because of the tempo in the league. “The tempo is much higher here than in any other league so he will have to adjust to that. “But as I said, he is dynamic which makes it easier for him. “Lukaku was the top goalscorer in the Serie A and he wasn’t a success when returning to the Premier League but Osimhen is a different type of player, so I believe he will be able to adapt quite well.”