Most Windows 10 users are now well aware that the days are numbered for this popular operating system. Microsoft recently confirmed that it will end all support for Windows 10 in 2025 and that means millions will need to make the switch to Windows 11 which isn't as easy as it sounds. Most ageing PCs simply aren't compatible with this software due to certain system requirements. That's why a recent alert sent out by the Redmond firm caused a massive amount of excitement. It appears that some Windows 10 users suddenly began seeing a message that confirmed their old and incompatible devices were now eligible for a free Windows 11 update. "Now unlocked: You're eligible for a free upgrade to Windows 11," the pop-up window exclaimed on the screen. Many instantly rushed to hit the download button but were soon left hugely disappointed as once the installation process started it was almost instantly interrupted by a notice that warned the PC was actually not compatible with Windows 11 after all. Posting about the problem on Twitter, one Windows user named PhantomOfEarth said: "Windows 11 free upgrade being offered to unsupported Windows 10 devices/VMs?." READ MORE: Samsung will buy your broken phone if you switch to its new Galaxy S23 In a number of replies other Windows fans were quick to vent their frustration at the glitch with one user saying: "I was so happy seeing this on my 7th Gen i7 Laptop, didn't even think for a second to click download! Then the requirement error showed up!" Microsoft has now confirmed the message was sent out in error and that its system requirements for Windows 11 remain unchanged. In a post on its blog page, Microsoft said: “Some hardware ineligible Windows 10 and Windows 11, version 21H2 devices were offered an inaccurate upgrade to Windows 11. "These ineligible devices did not meet the minimum requirements to run Windows 11.” It's a timely reminder of the issues many face when Windows 10 support ends. With no updates being pushed out, many devices will become more prone to bugs and cyber attacks. Those who have laptops that can't run the new operating system will then be forced to buy a new PC which makes this a costly change from Microsoft. If you're unsure if your PC can run Windows 11 here are the full specs it requires.