People with mullets have more fun than those who don't – enjoying more nights out, spicier food, and a better wardrobe, according to research. A study of 2,000 adults, 500 of whom sport a mullet, found those with the “party in the back” enjoy an average of five nights out a month – while the non-mulleted folk lagged behind, with an average of only three. Being a free spirit, somewhat mischievous, and “doing the unexpected”, topped a list of attributes those with the 80s inspired look, believe they have. But those with more conventional cuts were less likely to think of themselves as a fashion-follower, and only seven percent like to “make an impression” when they’re out. A spokesman for Foxy Bingo, which commissioned the research to launch its “mullet-only salon” in Newcastle, said: “It’s no surprise to us that those with mullets are having more fun. “There’s a real mullet movement happening as people get more experimental with their styles. “We’re also on the hunt to find the UK’s “foxiest” mullet, offering mullet-goers the chance to win a gift card worth £2,023.” The research also found the UK’s mulleted masses are more likely to prefer spicy food, are less likely to settle down to a game of Monopoly – and twice as likely to suggest a saucy game of truth or dare. Mulleted individuals also self-describe themselves as more “influential” in their friend groups than those with more traditional trims (66 percent vs 37 percent). And they also socialise with colleagues a lot more than people with more conservative haircuts. The study also saw Rod Stewart’s blow-dried masterpiece named the best celebrity mullet of all time – narrowly edging out David Bowie’s red shock of locks as Ziggy Stardust. Bowie was hair-tied in second place with 80s icon Pat Sharp – while Roadhouse star Patrick Swayze, and footballer Chris Waddle, rounded out the top five. Other beloved celebrity mullets included Michael Bolton, Hulk Hogan, and country singer Billy Ray Cyrus – father of pop titan Miley, who has also sported a similar look. It also emerged half of respondents rarely change their hairstyle, and 22 percent believe they’ve become more conservative with their hair with age. However, 21 percent of those polled, via OnePoll, claim their hair defines their personality – and 22 percent think a change can make you feel like a whole different person. Foxy Bingo’s spokesman added: “It seems there are even more benefits to having a mullet nowadays. “Opening in the heart of Newcastle by Geordie Queen Vicky Pattison, Dirty Gertie’s Mullet Salon, by Foxy Bingo, will be live for one weekend only, on March 4-5th.” Those who can't make it to the salon can upload a picture of their own mullet using the hashtag #FOXYMULLET to @foxybingo on Instagram or Twitter.