The Loch Ness Monster may be two individual beasties, it has been claimed after footage allegedly showed two surfaced humps moving across the loch in opposite directions. Self-styled “Nessie hunter” Eoin O’Faodhagain, 58, was monitoring a webcam trained on the loch when he spotted a dark mass moving under the water’s surface — one he estimated to be up to 30 feet long. Within an hour, he said, he also spotted two “humps” breaking the surface of the loch in the same area.  And to his surprise, they appeared to be moving away from each other. Mr O’Faodhagain said: “It is obvious that the two Nessie-like humps are moving over a two-minute period, and the larger hump of the two has changed position from the smaller one. “Given the fact that there is no disturbance of water visible between objects you would have to concur they are two separate moving creatures.” In support of his hypothesis, Mr O’Faodhagain also called attention to the scale of the dark shape seen in the water before the humps emerged. He asked: “What animal could be that long?” Mr O’Faodhagain continued: “What is strikingly obvious about sightings at Loch Ness is that eyewitnesses could be viewing two different creatures co-existing in the one lake. “What the other creature is could be completely unknown.” What we do know, the Nessie hunter added, is that “there are a hell of a lot of eels in Loch Ness. “Having the odd rogue giant one is not beyond the realm of reality.” READ MORE: Loch Ness monster hunter claims to catch glimpse of mystical creature According to Mr O’Faodhagain, the presence of two large creatures in the loch could explain the differing accounts of the monster’s appearance recorded over the years. He said: “This is only my opinion — of Nessie being two different creatures — hence the abundance of different descriptions we have for her.” The latest footage of “Nessie” was captured from the Shoreland Lodges holiday home near the village of Fort Augustus of the loch’s southern shore. The webcam involved is maintained by the tourism group Visit Inverness Loch Ness. DON'T MISS: Rare fish from the Mesozoic Era found in the US [ANALYSIS] Bigfoot mystery as massive ape-like creature spotted on Google Earth [REPORT] Top 10 most popular paranormal beliefs - including ghosts and aliens [INSIGHT] Mr O’Faodhagain is one of the most prolific reporters of webcam sightings” of the Nessie — frequently logging on from his home in distant County Donegal, Ireland, to monitor the water’s surface for signs of his quarry. He has racked up multiple entries in the Official Loch Ness Monster Sightings Register. This log, however, has yet to record an entry this year thanks to new rules concerning webcam sightings. Webcams monitoring the loch can be watched live online at the Visit Inverness Loch Ness website. Additional reporting by Michael Havis.