Marvel's Avengers are going through a big change, at the moment. At its forefront is the new-and-improved Captain America, now taken on by Sam Wilson, played by Anthony Mackie. He replaced the Chris Evans Captain America, Steve Rogers, after the events of Avengers Endgame - and he's making some massive changes to the character going forward. Mackie recently spoke about his upcoming solo Captain America movie, Captain America: New World Order, and how it will usher in a new version of the star-spangled hero. "With my Cap, he's not a superhero," he told Yahoo. "He doesn't have a super serum, so his superpower is his humanity." The 44-year-old actor went on to directly compare Evans' portrayal of the Captain to his own, pointing out how things are changing in the future for the Avengers. He continued: "I think with him, he has to come to the stage with a very different understanding of what it is to be a good guy, or be a bad guy, and what are the decisions that make you toe that line in the way that you do?" Mackie added that his Captain America hero will be a little more compassionate than Evans', before referencing Steve Rogers' firm stance on being good. "I just see him as more of a humane Cap," Mackie said. "As opposed to a Cap of judgement, where 'this is right, and this is wrong.' There are decisions that make you choose right or wrong." Although Marvel fans are keen to see Mackie's version of Captain America hit the big screen, internet rumours suggest Evans may be making a return to the franchise in the near future. But Evans himself was quick to put those rumours to bed back in 2021 when they gained traction. Don't miss... Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 runtime breaks Marvel record [RUNTIME NEWS] Ant-Man actress Kathryn Newton addresses Cassie actress swap [INTERVIEW] Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 3 had stars 'in tears' during final shoot [NEWS] Evans cryptically tweeted: "News to me," alongside a shrugging emoji. Mackie will be joined by another Hollywood superstar in his next Captain America movie, however: Harrison Ford. The Star Wars actor was recently confirmed to be joining the series as General Thaddeus "Thunderbolt" Ross. He'll be replacing William Hurt in the role, who died on March 13, 2022. Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige has since spoken out about Ford joining the franchise as one of the biggest Marvel Comic Book characters. Feige explained: "[Ross is] the president of the United States in the film. And with Harrison, you think about Air Force One, and you think about some of his confrontations with the president in Clear and Present Danger." Speaking about the President's relationship with the new Captain America, Feige added: "There's a dynamic between President Ross and Sam Wilson. They have a history together, but in this film, we'll be seeing the dynamic between Captain America and the president of the United States in a way that is just incredible." Catch up on the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies on Disney Plus now. Captain America: New World Order is due to his cinemas on May 3, 2024.