With news that average water bills will hit a staggering £450 after prices rise in April to account for water firms’ increased investment in droughts and climate change, many may be searching for ways to cut costs ahead of time. There are a number of cost-effective changes Britons can take to reduce their bill, and one tip could help save as much as 55 percent, an expert has said. According to James Roberts, director at Sanctuary Bathrooms, leaky taps and shower heads could be one of the key culprits pushing water bills up. He said: “Leaky taps and shower heads could mean you are wasting water each day without even knowing it. Changing shower heads and faucets can save up to 40 percent or 55 percent respectively.” While leaky brassware may not appear to be a big issue, the constant drip-dripping can significantly increase a household’s water usage. But, this issue could be super simple to solve. Mr Roberts said: “While you may rush to find new brassware, it could be as quick as giving them a good cleaning. Bathroom taps, for instance, can have ceramic discs or washers that get clogged or dirty and need a quick clean-out. READ MORE: Energy bills support scheme ends but more support to come  “Giving your brassware proper care and attention can help save water and even the expense of new bathroom items. If you decide to upgrade, then newer designs have “air pressurised in the water” to help give the impression of a more powerful shower without damaging the experience.” As well as this, Mr Roberts said that upgrading a shower head to a low-flow version with high pressure can also help. He said: “The benefits of this mean not compromising your existing shower while saving water usage and saving money.” But while this is a particularly important tip, there are several others that can help people make a saving.  Don't miss... Four weeks to avoid inheritance, capital gains and dividend tax raid [LATEST] Easy 'split fare' tip can reduce train ticket prices by up to '90%' [INSIGHT] Top 10 fixed cash ISAs with high interest now [ANALYSIS] Consider installing a water meter Those who don’t have a water meter are paying water bills as an estimate based on the size of their home, which can mean they’re paying for significantly more water than they’re actually using. Mr Roberts said: “If you live in a relatively small household, or have the same number or fewer bedrooms than people, a water meter can be worthwhile as you can heat the water only at the times of day you tend to use it most. “You can adapt it to suit your lifestyle – if you know you shower in the mornings, on your lunch break, or in the evenings, you can set your hot water for a brief period in these slots rather than keeping it on all day.” READ MORE: Make this small change to save big money on your Netflix bill  Take shorter showers Cutting shower time even by a few minutes can make a big difference, Mr Roberts has said. He elaborated: “Did you know that you use 2.5 gallons of water per minute when you shower? This doesn't just stop at using the shower, but also extends to turning the shower on and leaving it to get warm while doing other things, or using it when cleaning instead of re-using water and cleaning products used across other bathroom areas.” Previous research by The Bathroom Showroom suggests that the average person in England is paying an extra16p a day for showers compared to 2021, which amounts to an extra £55 per year for every person that lives in a person’s household. This figure assumes that each person showers for an average length of eight minutes. Parv Sangera, managing director at City Plumbing said: “We all like to relax for an extra few minutes in a warm shower on a cold day, but being more efficient could make a massive difference to your household income. Cutting your showering time in half to four minutes can save you more than £100 over the course of a year – that’s almost £500 in savings for a typical family of four.”  Stop flushing unnecessary items down the toilet People might flush the toilet more times than they actually need to, Mr Roberts warned. He said: “Of course, when you go to the toilet, flushing is necessary. But often, you might use toilet paper to blow your nose while in the bathroom, and flush it down the toilet afterwards, instead of venturing to the bin and throwing it away.” “Without thinking about it, you’re then wasting water on something that could’ve been disposed of elsewhere, particularly if you’re using a dual flush system and pressing the ‘full flush’ button to get rid of whatever it is.” He added: “Being more mindful of what you flush, and how you flush, can make a small difference.” 