Kate, Princess of Wales and Queen Camilla are both royal style icons in their own right with very individual personal styles. However, they have both dabbled in the velvet trend on occasion. On December 19, 2011, the newly royal Kate Middleton stepped out at the Sun Military Awards 2011. She looked absolutely breathtaking in a black, floor-length Alexander McQueen gown. It was a bespoke piece and according to Kate Middleton Style Blog, may have been inspired by the label’s Strapless Velvet Gown, also in black. However, it was a much more modest version as it was made from head-to-toe velvet rather than panels of sheer material on the skirt. READ MORE: Meghan Markle: Why clothes may not 'look as good as they could' Kate was able to show off her gorgeous arms with the strapless feature of the dress. It boasted a sweetheart neckline with a little ruffled lace detailing at the top of the bodice. It cinched in at the waist, revealing the now Princess' stunning figure, and had a peplum skirt which created an hourglass silhouette. Kate's jewellery was reportedly Mouawad, a luxury jewellery company of Lebanese origin. Her show-stopping necklace appeared to be crafted from diamonds and rubies, fashioned into tiny flowers complete with petals. She wore an exceptional pair of diamond drop earrings and diamond cuff bangle, which also featured multi-coloured stones and dainty red flowers. The then-Duchess opted for a classic pair of shoes, the Jimmy Choo Cosmic Pumps in black. She looked just radiant with her long brunette locks falling into loose curls and evening glam makeup including a sweep of blush, pink shimmery lipstick and winged eyeliner. READ MORE: 'Nothing' would make Camilla get involved in particular style trend Camilla tried out the velvet trend a few years later in 2022 when she attended a reception to celebrate the British Asian Trust at the British Museum. She stepped out on February 9, 2022, wearing a stunning emerald green gown, floor-length just like Kate's and also made from velvet. While they both opted for the same material, this was where the similarities stopped. While Kate opted for a strapless number, Camilla went for a more conservative approach with full-length sleeves. The emerald dress was embellished from top to toe in intricate gold swirls and patterns. It boasted a high slit right up the front, unveiling the pea green straight-leg trousers Camilla opted to wear underneath. As for accessories, Camilla went for an emerald green necklace which was the perfect complement to the piece. She went for pointed-toe black pumps to finish off the look, with a slightly lower heel than Kate's, and carried a trendy navy clutch bejewelled with sequins. Her hair was fashioned into her signature flicked out style and she wore dark eyeliner with pink lips.