We used to dismiss the idea of conspiracy as something consigned to history. We laughed at the TV character Sir Humphrey Appleton and yet if written today a much more sinister figure would emerge. The very use by Whitehall and the metropolitan establishment of the term “populism”, in other words democracy, as something derogatory indicates the state of affairs in this era of the technocratic dictatorship. We live in fractious times and the more information that is revealed about senior civil servants in the Cabinet Office and Treasury jumping ship to join the Labour opposition and the attitudes and behaviours of the Whitehall first division during the Pandemic, the more once seemingly crazy conspiracy stories become credible. Certainly my long-held view that Whitehall is self-serving and a state within a state has been reinforced by recent events and the fig leaf that civil servants are neutral is well and truly trashed. For years I have argued that we should just accept this, be transparent and adopt the US system whereby senior civil servants are replaced with each new administration by political appointees. This would not just make it more likely that the electorate get what they voted for but also that we get new ideas and competent government as people with knowledge and experience are recruited from the private sector and academia. We might even have people in government who understand enterprise, wealth creation and the real economy. This brings us to the matter of the budget and given this backcloth of events, perhaps an explanation of the dogged determination of the Treasury to raise Corporation Tax despite warnings to the contrary by many renowned economists and even former Remainer Chancellors such as Messrs Hammond and Osborne, that increasing the tax will damage businesses and the economy. Even Mr Hunt himself had previously argued for a reduction in Corporation Tax. In the face of this it has been puzzling that Mr Hunt has been determined to drive it through. Take your pick. Why would a government department, which is traditionally above being questioned, the Treasury and the Chancellor want to inflict damage? Well firstly, both of the usurpers, Messrs Sunak and Hunt, had to prove Ms Truss to be dangerously wrong in order to justify her removal and their instalment. The problem with this for them is that it is now difficult to volte face on growthenomics, supply side stimulus and tax cuts without contradicting themselves and their motives becoming starkly clear. Then there is the question of the Northern Ireland protocol. Mr Sunak thinks, incorrectly, that he has got a good deal and presumably paid a price for this. As it is actually a bad deal he has effectively paid twice for little in return. Was the price the alignment of Corporation Tax? Certainly the EU wants to avoid competition and Biden’s US does not want their ability to extract money undermined by competition, hence Mr Sunak’s ill-advised agreement to international norms. Or could it be the Horizon deal which my contacts in Brussels tell me is a must for the EU desperate to extract science and technology benefit from the UK, the host of some of the best research and Universities in the world. Scientists all too keen to be bought and enjoy trips to sunnier climes. Then there are the delayed arrangements for relations between the Square Mile and the EU, after all Mr Sunak is a city boy and the Treasury is packed with those who see their future there. For hard working business people up and down the country all this stinks. Family-owned and or run businesses, which include sole traders, constitute 85 percent of UK business and employ 55 percent of the workforce. They generate 28 percent of GDP. They are not only the backbone of the economy but also are the risk takers, entrepreneurs and innovators from whom economic growth and progress derives. And yet politicians ignore them, Whitehall prefers to deal with the bureaucrats of the multinationals and generally are suspicious of business. I say “how dare they” given their arrogant, self-serving and duplicitous nature laid bare by the scandals of the Lockdown files and the Sue Gray plus affair. The Independent Business Network, which seeks to give a voice to family businesses, from sole traders to large firms, has produced a pre-budget report setting out what is needed to stimulate growth through supply side reforms. Amongst other supply side reforms it demands a reduction in Corporation Tax to incentivise investment and reward effort, to make the UK more competitive, because countries do actually compete. Corporation Tax should only kick in after years of grace from the moment a business begins to make a profit. British businesses will suffer while multi nationals will avoid this tax. The Chancellor is moving in the wrong direction.