Arthur Thomas (played by Alfie Clarke) and Marshall Hamston (Max Fletcher) have experienced their fair share of challenges on Emmerdale. While the pair have had charged moments on the ITV soap, Arthur's had to step back from his love interest due to Marshall's homophobic father Colin (Mark Noble). Arthur's mum Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) soon feels compelled to help out. The teenagers nearly kissed as their chemistry has been building on the ITV soap, but Colin has been driving a wedge between them. He even made a complaint against Arthur's LGBTQ+ assembly at school. When Laurel discovers Colin was behind the complaint she prepares to phone him and confront him. However, when Marshall starts sobbing uncontrollably she realises this is a bit more than just teenage rebellion. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark Marshall's left tearful and panicked as his dad strides over towards him. But Colin surprises Laurel and Marshall by wrapping his son in his arms and hugging him tightly. When he says all the right things about allowing his son to stay at Hotten Academy and maintain his friendship with Arthur, Laurel's shoulders drop. Shortly afterwards, Laurel's concerned by Arthur's reaction to Marshall and his father's reunion and fears she's made a huge mistake.  Jay Sharma (Chris Bisson) attempts to comfort his partner Laurel who clearly feels bad for calling Colin in the first place. When Arthur tells Jai and his mother the situation with Marshall and his dad is really bad, she abruptly leaves the house. Laurel is determined to do the right thing by Marshall, but what action will she take? Will she stand up to Colin and call him out for being homophobic? DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield admits talking 'saved me' after Emmerdale storyline  [UPDATE]Emmerdale's Paddy Kirk star addresses future on ITV soap [EXCLUSIVE]Emmerdale romance for Belle Dingle with unlikely resident [THEORY] Would she let Marshall live at her house while there is friction between him and his father? Laurel has been nothing but supportive of her son since he came out as gay on the ITV soap, unlike Colin. Marshall has not spoken to his father about his sexuality - perhaps out of fear over how he'll react. Staying with Laurel might enable him to relax and get to know Arthur better without feeling judged by his dad.  Marshall initially bullied Arthur after he opened up to his friends about his sexuality, but the boys have been growing closer in recent months. Marshall has tried pushing Arthur away as it is clear to viewers he is in denial about his feelings, but they keep being drawn together. Will Marshall feel better if he finally talked about his sexuality to his dad? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 