Tyson Fury wants Francis Ngannou to knock out "piece of s***" Deontay Wilder. The Gypsy King backtracked on the niceties shown to Wilder when they crossed paths for the first time since their iconic trilogy. Both men met each other at the Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury event in Saudi Arabia. Despite their fearsome rivalry, they showed an immense amount of respect for each other as they exchanged pleasantries and even shared an embrace. “Bomb Squad!” shouted Fury as Wilder made his way through a crowd of people. Turning with a wide smile on his face, Wilder approached Fury and gave him a hug. “What’s up bro?” said the American. “Yeah, I’m good,” replied Fury as he wrapped his arms around his former foe. But now Fury is back to bad-mouthing the American and is hoping he gets knocked out by his proposed next opponent, Ngannou. Fury told Fight Hub: “(Ngannou) is big enough to knock anybody out. But I don’t think he does because I think Wilder knocks him out first. “Wilder’s the type of guy who’s like a piece of s*** kinda guy, so I’d like to see Ngannou chin him, knock him spark out. But I don’t think he would.” The ex-UFC heavyweight champion recently parted ways with the MMA giants and is now looking to make the transition to professional boxing. Ngannou isn’t looking to ease himself in either and has called out Wilder, Fury and Anthony Joshua for his debut bout with the former being the most likely option. Don't miss... Usyk's promoter dashes Wembley hopes as Fury fight falls into jeopardy [LATEST] Paul sends Mayweather challenge after running from Miami altercation [LATEST] Froch tears into Lineker as feud escalates after being blocked  [LATEST] Wilder is also currently a free agent having split with long-time promoter Premier Boxing Champions and is fielding offers from potential suitors for his next fight. He had been ordered to face Andy Ruiz Jr next in a WBC final eliminator, but negotiations have since stalled over the financial side of the deal. Wilder is understood to have been visiting Saudi Arabia to discuss the possibility of competing over there against Ngannou under the auspices of Saudi sports and entertainment agency, Skills Challenge Entertainment. Saudi boxing chief Amer Abdallah recently confirmed to Express Sport that there have been discussions about hosting the blockbuster crossover clash. “I’d love to do something with Deontay [Wilder] whether it’s Deontay vs Andy Ruiz or Deontay vs [Francis] Ngannou, which there’s talks about,” he told Express Sport exclusively.