Sophie, Countess of Wessex, 58, wrapped up warm today in her Ilse Jacobsen raincoat which she previously wore in 2020, and even earlier in 2015. The Countess paired her navy trousers and pale grey scarf with the navy rain jacket.   The navy coat features contrasting orange zips, which was an edgy look for Sophie today. The Countess certainly stood out wearing the jumper with the slight pop of colour. As well as being stylish, it was also a very practical choice for Sophie. This is because the raincoat is designed to protect the wearer against cold and wet weather, whilst also being very cosy. The jacket features a fleece lining, and due to its navy shade, it's bound to stay timeless in Sophie's wardrobe. READ MORE: Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims The description says: "Danish Ilse Jacobsen three-quarter length softshell, hooded raincoat is stylish, warm and offers 100 percent protection from the rain." Although it is now no longer in stock, royal fans can buy the same jacket but in an "army" colour for £276 ($329). Wrapping up warm, Sophie wore a cosy grey scarf today underneath her £276 coat. The Countess opted for navy blue trousers to match the navy jacket, which was a very aesthetically pleasing outfit. Don't miss... Inside Meghan and Harry's home where 'Princess Lilibet' was christened [LATEST] Princess Charlene dons 'dusty blue' Akris suit - 'looks very chic' [STYLE] Kate is the 'perfect role model' during 'controversy from the US' [BODY LANGUAGE] For footwear, she wore a very sturdy-looking pair of black boots today in Hampshire. To accessorise, the Countess could be seen wearing a small pair of gold hoop earrings. Royal fans loved Sophie's style today and took to social media to praise her outfit at The Countryside Education Trust. Twitter user @CeeBeesley said: "Stunning." In addition, @dagmar_Marie77 added: "Looking fresh and beautiful as always." Royal watcher @WalesDefender said: "Looking fabulous." To add, @Cary57982484 wrote: "She looks amazing."  She also wore her shiny engagement ring and her gold wedding band. Eddie LeVian, the CEO of LeVian, whose ancestors guarded the royal jewels of Persia, spoke to Express.co.uk about Sophie's engagement ring. He said: "Sophie Wessex’s engagement ring is a testament to enduring love. "The two-carat oval diamond in the centre is adorned by two small heart-shaped diamonds on either side, set into a platinum band.   