Vladimir Putin is currently living with his girlfriend, an Olympic gymnastics champion, on a heavily-guarded country estate, according to a report from a Russian investigative news site. The Russian strongman's love nest which Vladimir Putin shares with 39-year-old Alina Kabaeva boasts numerous palatial mansions and a playground for their young children. Kabaeva reportedly resides in a villa on Putin's estate on Lake Valdai, which is located about 250 miles northwest of Moscow, according to a report from Russia's investigative news site The Project. Putin is claimed to have used a slush fund in Cyprus to buy his lover a property empire worth £100 million. The 70-year-old is said to have used a company controlled by Yuri Kovalchuk, a Russian businessman also known as "Putin's banker." Kabaeva's wooden mansion, which measures nearly 13,000 square feet and was built in the manner of a traditional Russian dacha, was finished in 2022. According to The Project's anonymous sources, children have been observed on the premises and satellite images from 2016 to 2020 show a playground in the woods, believed to have been built for Kabaeva's family. Kabaeva's distant female relatives, who act as her chaperones, also frequent the area and own properties there. The house where Ms Kabaeva is said to reside is situated just 800 meters away from Valdai, which is Putin's highly guarded and secluded residence. Putin rarely holds public meetings at Valdai. Images of the Valdai mansion, leaked by a former construction worker who worked around the house until 2005, reveal lavish interiors allegedly inspired by Putin's affection for St. Petersburg and its eighteenth-century Hermitage Museum. One image appears to depict the president's study adorned with ornate mahogany furniture and fitted with secure landline phones used by top Kremlin officials. Another image shows gilded chairs arranged around a glass table and a spherical chandelier, with golden leaves hanging from the ceiling. According to a contractor, guests at the house were encouraged to take one, and a picture seems to show a large chandelier adorned with rubies. The existence of the villa was initially reported in 2021 by Alexei Navalny's team, who claimed that public funds were used to rent the property from businessman Kovalchuk. Both Putin and Kabaeva have repeatedly denied being in a relationship. Unnamed officials who have attended Putin's private events state that they have never seen the two together, but they believe that they are involved in a relationship. DON'T MISS:China fires space lasers, US deploys troops, says JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]Joe Biden snaps back after being asked about China arming Russia [NEWS]Arming Ukraine before invasion might have made Putin think again [SPOTLIGHT]  They also mentioned that only top-ranking officers in the president's security detail were aware of the specifics of their arrangement. In another sign of her closeness to Putin, Kabaeva was appointed to lead Russia's National Media Group in 2014, a large media company owned by Kovalchuk, despite having no relevant experience. This position earns her an annual income of roughly £8.6 million.