The biggest week on the horse racing calendar arrives on Tuesday, as some of the world’s best horses, jockeys and trainers descend on the Gloucestershire town for Cheltenham Festival. One jockey in particular who knows what it takes to secure success at the iconic meeting is Rachael Blackmore. Blackmore has announced herself as one of the sport’s biggest stars in recent years, and will be out to add to her ever-growing CV this week. The Irish star has become the queen of Cheltenham thanks to her recent successes around the famous course. Her biggest Cheltenham win came in 2022, after Blackmore became the first female jockey to win the Gold Cup aboard A Plus Tard. One year prior she was once again breaking records, after becoming the first woman to secure six festival wins. She has also formed one of the meet’s most famous - and devastating partnerships - after starring aboard Honeysuckle, as the pair secured back-to-back Champion Hurdle crowns in 2021 and 2022. Her success on the big stage does not stop there though.  Making history once more, Blackmore became the first female in the Grand National’s history to win the famous race at Aintree, after guiding Minella Times to victory two years ago. The Irish star is not the only jockey in her household though. The 2021 Grand National winner is currently dating fellow rider Brian Hayes, and the pair were also house-sharing with another jockey in Patrick Mullins. Blackmore and Hayes’ relationship was in fact leaked by Mullins in 2020, after he accidentally revealed to the Guardian that the pair were dating. Despite all of her success on the track, it has not always been an easy ride for the Grand National-winning jockey. This comes after the Irish star revealed she was detained by border control upon a arriving in Australia. Don't miss... Seven key runners on ITV Racing from Sandown and Leopardstown [LATEST] Superstar horse Altior in critical condition and rushed for surgery [LATEST] Jockey, 19, killed as two horses collide in horror training accident [LATEST] Discussing the ordeal with the Irish Independent last year, she revealed she had to eat frozen meals, and was detained overnight in a building perimetered by barbed wire. Blackmore said: "I arrived into Australia once on the wrong visa I got taken to some sort of centre to spend the night. “I remember there being lots of barbed wire. When we arrived, everything got taken away from us. We were fed frozen meals that weren’t defrosted properly that evening. Needless to say, I was very glad to walk out of there the next day!”