Liverpool face Real Madrid on Wednesday night in the second leg of their Champions League Round of 16 clash. Having lost 5-2 at Anfield previously, the Reds will need to be at their very best to turn the tie on its head – though they have a better chance than they did when they last visited the Santiago Bernabeu. Liverpool lost 1-0 to Madrid when they last headed to Spain in 2014, with Karim Benzema scoring the all-important goal on the night – highlighting his longevity with Los Blancos. Brendan Rodgers was in charge of the Merseyside outfit at the time, with the now-Leicester City boss rolling the dice and rotating his team against the La Liga side. Questions were raised about Rodgers’ lineup back in 2014 when stars such as Steven Gerrard and Raheem Sterling were rested for the tie. Express Sport takes a look at where each member of Liverpool’s starting eleven from 2014 is now… Simon Mignolet Ex-Sunderland shot-stopper Simon Mignolet left Liverpool in 2019 after making 199 appearances for the club, joining Club Brugge for a fee of approximately £6.5million. The 35-year-old has shone for Brugge since heading back to his homeland, with his manager recently citing him as one of the best goalkeepers in the business. Don't miss... El Hadji Diouf at Liverpool - Gerrard fight, spitting, crazy parties [NEWS] Javier Manquillo Javier Manquillo’s start against Madrid was one of only 10 appearances he made for Liverpool whilst on loan at the club. The defender now plays for Newcastle, previously being an important squad player at St James’ Park before the arrival of Kieran Trippier. Martin Skrtel Former defender Martin Skrtel is still playing football in the Slovakian eighth tier. The ex-Liverpool star, who had retired in May due to health reasons before U-turning, has had a hugely successful career that saw him become Slovakia’s national team captain. The 38-year-old spent time in Turkey and Italy before moving back home – and now plays for childhood club FK Hajskala Raztocno. He was spotted scoring a screamer of a free-kick recently. Kolo Toure Two-time Premier League winner Kolo Toure left Liverpool to join Celtic in 2016, retiring after one year in Scotland. The Ivorian then headed into coaching and was recently rewarded with the job of Wigan manager – though he was sacked after failing to win any of his opening nine games at the club. Alberto Moreno Still an adored character in Merseyside, Alberto Moreno currently plays for Villarreal – scoring the winning penalty in their Europa League win in 2021. Don't miss... Liverpool dealt Jude Bellingham blow as Real Madrid 'meeting' held [TRANSFER] Football news LIVE - Man Utd face nervy wait, Liverpool eye £62m deal [BLOG] Liverpool woe as Van Dijk 'not fit to lace Terry or Ferdinand's boots' [LATEST] Emre Can Emre Can showed plenty of promise at Liverpool, though he has lived up to his potential since returning to the Bundesliga. The midfielder plays for Borussia Dortmund, having joined the club from Juventus in 2020 in a loan-to-buy deal. Lucas Leiva Former Reds midfielder Lucas Leiva headed back to Brazil last year and penned a short-term deal with boyhood club Gremio. The 36-year-old spent five years with Serie A side Lazio prior to his return to South America, making 155 appearances for the club and helping them to the Coppa Italia in 2019. Joe Allen Welsh midfielder Joe Allen was an underrated asset during his time at Liverpool but left the club in 2016 after requesting a move so that he could play more regular football. The playmaker joined Stoke City and made over 200 appearances for the club before returning to Swansea last year. Lazar Markovic Winger Lazar Markovic only made 19 appearances for Liverpool, scoring twice, before it came to light that he was surplus to requirements at the club. He has since endured short spells at several sides – including Fulham and Hull – but now plies his trade at Turkish side Trabzonspor, though his game time has been limited at the club to date. Fabio Borini Fabio Borini never truly settled at any club prior to joining Liverpool, and he hasn’t bucked that trend since leaving in 2015. The Italy international returned to Sunderland before securing a move to AC Milan, though he failed to win any trophies at the Serie A side. Borini currently plays for the Turkish team Fatih Karagümrük and has thrived at the club, scoring 26 in 63 appearances. Adam Lallana Liverpool reluctantly parted ways with Adam Lallana in 2020, with Jurgen Klopp heaping praise on the playmaker in his final campaign at Anfield. The England international joined Brighton on a free transfer and has played a key role in their progression since, making an impact on the pitch and on the training ground – with the former Southampton star tapping into his coaching potential with the Seagulls.