Tony Blackburn was absent from BBC Radio 2 this morning due to his health. The 80-year-old first informed fans of the sad news last night, explaining why he wouldn't be on air. The broadcaster spoke out in view of his 102,000 Twitter followers, saying he was not well. The DJ said he was battling a "very annoying virus" behind the scenes, just weeks after marking his milestone birthday. Tony admitted the issue was "taking its time" to resolve. He immediately sparked a huge reaction from fans, with many rushing to wish him a speedy recovery. READ MORE: Piers Morgan demands BBC suspend David Attenborough over Lineker row Others couldn't resist quipping that they thought he was cancelling his appearances in solidarity with Gary Lineker. It comes after many of the latter's colleagues stood down from their commitments in support, after the Match Of The Day host was taken off air by the BBC. It followers the 62-year-old's tweet which compared the language used to launch a new Government asylum seeker policy with 1930s Germany. Tony posted: "Sorry to say I won’t be doing my shows over the weekend. "I have a very annoying virus which is taking its time to go away." He continued: "Tomorrow on Sounds Of The Sixties you will hear my special 'Happy Birthday show' and on Sunday there will be a recorded Golden Hour." Tony signed off by simply writing: "Have a great evening." Singer Sheila Ferguson was one of the first to respond, telling him: "Get well soon my friend. And take your time to heal." Don't miss... Kim Kardashian taken off Met Gala 2023 guest list in Vogue crack down [ROW] Peter Kay stops show after 'three fans rushed to hospital' [UPDATE] BBC star Richard Osman slams 'pathetic' Gary Lineker MOTD decision [LATEST] Fan @MasonLeka1 tweeted: "Get well soon Tony! I always catch your shows on BBC Radio 2 every Saturday morning at 6am and every Sunday evening at 7pm so looking forward to your recorded shows over the weekend. "Take care Tony and hope you feel better soon." A second, @CarolAn85072009, posted: "Have a good rest and get well soon, think I will have a sleep in tommorow instead of waking up to listen to sounds of the 60s, have listened and enjoyed the Birthday show twice."(sic) @madeleinemaste4 added: "Oh sorry to hear that I love your show on Saturday mornings - take lots of care and hope to hear you back soon." There were also many Gary-related responses, following the news his colleagues including Alan Shearer and Ian Wright would not be appearing on MOTD. @Hougrel_ quipped: "You are supporting Gary, aren't you? Best wishes to you and get well soon. "You are the history of pop broadcasting - respect xxx." @derek_find joked: "Good timing. You were lined up for Match of the Day." @FrankCl53557706 echoed: "I know you're just coming out in solidarity with Gary Linaker, aren't you?"(sic)