The Duke and Duchess have demonstrated very expensive taste since relocating to the US, eating out at a number of pricey restaurants recently. Harry and Meghan enjoyed dining at Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel recently, where they were described by fellow diners as being "very nice". The hotel is well known for being frequented by Hollywood's greatest stars. Elizabeth Taylor spent her wedding night there and the likes of Marilyn Monroe and Frank Sinatra dined at the Polo Lounge. The hotel calls the lounge "the most interesting room in Beverly Hills, still buzzing with hot names and hotter stories. Known as the epicentre of LA power dining, the Polo Lounge has been the favourite spot for generations of stars and Hollywood deal-makers." The Polo Lounge bans diners from wearing "casual hats, ripped denim, crop tops, nightwear, swimwear, and men’s sleeveless shirts." After 4 pm it also bans flip-flops and sportswear. On the menu is a 4oz wagyu steak for a whopping $190. Lamp chops cost $85 and a seafood risotto costs $85. Guests can order 1oz of Imperial 000 caviar for $290. The most expensive item on the menu, though, is a salad that costs $1912. The Anniversary McCarthy salad comes with lobster, caviar, gold leaves, a keepsake bowl and a glass of Dom Perignon, and a bottle of Vintage P2. READ MORE: Meghan Markle took a £5,890 Chanel bag to lunch where margaritas cost £105 Earlier this month Harry and Meghan dined at LA restaurant San Vincente Bungalows, their first public sighting since the publication of the Duke's explosive memoir Spare. The couple were all smiles as they stepped into the private club, which costs members $4,200-a-year and insists guests over the cameras on their phones with stickers when inside. Sandra Bullock, Kirsten Dunst, Kaia Gerber, and Hailey Bieber have all been entertained at San Vicente Bungalows. The menu offers main courses starting at $27 for a plate of spaghetti squash. The priciest dish is the New Zealand lamp chops, served with dijon mustard, whipped feta, frisse, snap peas, and herbs, for $56. The scallops served with peas, guanciale, and crispy seeds, are $54. The burger costs $32, while a side of fries will set you back $10. A latte costs an unbelievable $8.  Don't miss... Meghan's 'telling' moment - fans say 'she ADORES the paparazzi' [BODY LANGUAGE] Kate Middleton's hat sparks claims she's 'copying Meghan' [OUTRAGE] Meghan's friend designed 'inappropriate' dress for Queen's birthday [INSIGHT] Meghan dined at West Hollywood vegan hotspot Gracias Madre on Melrose Avenue on International Women's Day. The eatery has a conscious approach to its food. Its website reads: "Born out of love for Mother Earth and reverence for all mothers. We serve traditional Mexican cuisine, made from scratch using local, organic, plant-based ingredients. Dedicated to diffuser-free agave spirits, our bar highlights independent producers and small-batch distillers in Mexico. "We honor the mother residing above us, within our hearts, within the earth, and in all those who nurture us. Pull up a chair — there is always a seat at Love’s table." The fish tacos cost £22.96. The restaurant also offers a number of "time machine margaritas" with vintage tequilas. One with Herradura Anejo costs a whopping £105 for a measure of tequila with citrus and orange liqueur with a citrus salt rim. The couple has also been spotted visiting Lucky's in Montecito, a steak and seafood restaurant. They visited the haunt with composer David Foster and his wife Katharine McPhee. The restaurant has been described on TripAdvisor as a "fun place for celebrity sightings", and Hailey and Justin Bieber have been sighted at the venue. The reviewer wrote: "While we were at dinner we saw two celebrities which was really fun for the whole table." Iron Chef star Cat Cora has described the restaurant's strip steaking as one of the best things she's ever eaten. Lucky's describes itself as a " comfortable setting that’s right for brunch, a casual midweek burger, or a special-occasion dinner". It has a cellar of "premium wines" and offers "USDA prime beef and the freshest seafood". Lucky's offers prime rib as its plat du jour on Saturdays for $95, and sells a meatloaf on Thursdays for $47. Its 28oz porterhouse steak costs $125. A side of asparagus with Hollandaise comes in at $18, as do the sauteed mushrooms. The restaurant's signature salad, the Lucky's salad with romaine, shrimp, bacon, green beans, avocado, peppers and Roquefort costs $25.