Prince George is being lined up to play an official role in the King's Coronation in May, however the Prince and Princess of Wales are "keen" it should be "low-key", according to a royal expert. Prince William and Kate are said to be in talks with Buckingham Palace but have stressed they do not want their son to be "overwhelmed" by too much attention. Roya Nikkhah, Royal Editor of The Sunday Times, told The Royal Beat - available on True Royalty TV: "They [William and Kate] are very keen, but if George does have an official role, it will be quite low-key. "They are very conscious that he will return to school on the Tuesday [after the Coronation], and they do not want him to be overwhelmed by the attention. "But he may play a smaller official role. I do not know in terms of what the grandchildren will do for the King. I was told it was very much the grandchildren who were there to help and attend to Camilla." The Queen Consort's own grandchildren may also feature in the Coronation to demonstrate the "blended family" that the Firm has become. Ms Nikkhah added: "The Royal Family is a blended family. There are stepchildren and step-grandchildren. "It says a lot about Camilla that rather than having aristocrats that she might not know but who would be part of protocol and tradition, she is keen to have her grandchildren involved in an official capacity. It is very different from what we saw in 1953." Camilla has two children from her marriage to Andrew Parker-Bowles, food writer Tom Parker-Bowles and art curator Laura Lopes. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan told they are powerless without Royal Family status Between them they have five children - Tom has daughter Lola, 15, and son Freddy, 13, while Laura has Eliza, 15, and 13-year-old twins Louis and Gus. The Queen Consort has strong bonds with her teenage grandchildren, who affectionately call her 'Gaga'. In a 2022 interview with Vogue magazine Camilla revealed she and Lola do Wordle every day and share their results with each other. DON'T MISS:Harry to share stage with 'inappropriate choice' Holocaust survivor  [LATEST]Sarah Ferguson refuses to wade into Harry and Meghan drama [REVEAL]King's first state visit confirmed as trips to Paris and Berlin [SPOTLIGHT] She said: "She'll text me to say, 'I've done it in three', and I say, 'Sorry, I've done it in two today.' It's very satisfactory when it tells you how brilliant you are!" Having George involved in the ceremony marks a break with tradition for Charles, as he did not feature in his own mother's Coronation in 1953. Likewise, a young Princess Elizabeth merely watched when her father King George VI was crowned. According to the Sunday Times Camilla's teenage grandchildren will hold the canopy over her when she is anointed with holy oil.