 Emma Heming Willis, 44, delighted fans as she revealed a throwback clip of Bruce Willis, 67, giving his ecstatic opinion on her skincare brand. It was revealed in February that the actor’s original diagnosis of Aphasia has progressed to frontotemporal degeneration or dementia.   The entrepreneur has only recently discovered Instagram’s memories option, which shows users stories they previously posted on that day. Emma decided to share her discovery with her 612,000 followers on Wednesday as she came across a sweet clip of her husband and an adorable snap of her daughter in a far-too-large hat. In the clip, Bruce was seen sitting in their cosy home as he read off a headline: “USA Weekly interview with Emma Heming Willis, founder and CEO of Cocobaba.” As the actor beamed towards his wife, she asked: “How about it?” READ MORE: Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues update on Jayne Torvill’s surgery after injury  He excitedly replied, shaking his head around for emphasis: “How bout it?! I’m crazy about it!” Emma originally captioned the story: “My #1 fan.” Now rediscovering the sweet memory after Bruce’s most recent diagnosis, the entrepreneur shared: “Omg my biggest fan. “I’m in love with him.”     Thoroughly enjoying her new find, Emma shared some other memories on her story, including one from 2019 featuring one of her daughters in a hilariously oversized hat as the pair went shopping. The businesswoman has been inundated with support from her followers after making the heartbreaking announcement that Bruce’s health condition, aphasia, had progressed into dementia. In a short clip, Emma scrolled through the countless comments her post had received, gingerly noting: “I see you all. I read your stories. “There’s so much love and support here. Thank you.”  The “Ladies of Willis/Moore”, namely Emma, Bruce’s ex-wife Demi Moore and their three daughters Scout, Tallulah and Rumer, all shared the same announcement on their social media. Published shortly after Valentine’s day, the heartbreak statement showed some appreciation for the “incredible outpouring” the family received after announcing Bruce’s initial diagnosis. However, it added some sombre news: “In the spirit of that, we wanted to give you an update about our beloved husband, father and friend since we now have a deeper understanding of what he is experiencing. “Since we announced Bruce’s diagnosis of aphasia in spring 2022, Bruce’s condition has progressed and we now have a more specific diagnosis: frontotemporal dementia (known as FTD). “Unfortunately, challenges with communication are just one symptom of the disease Bruce faces.  “While this is painful, it is a relief to finally have a clear diagnosis.” The announcement was accompanied by a bittersweet snap of the Die Hard looking gleefully content on a sunset beach. Early last year it was announced that the actor would be retiring from Hollywood after being diagnosed with aphasia. The disorder affects the part of the brain that processes language and is usually seen in those who have experienced strokes or brain trauma. As a result, aphasia sufferers often struggle with both language and memory, two vital parts of acting work.