Average annual bills for a typical household will go up from £2,500 a year to £3,000 a year as the cap set by the energy price guarantee increases in April. With the bills hike looming, now is a good time for Britons to make sure their home is as energy efficient as possible. Philip Stubbins, managing director at Money Expert, told Express.co.uk middle income households will “feel the squeeze the most” as energy bills increase. He said the coming weeks are a good time for people to look at upgrading their homes. Mr Mr Stubbins explained: "During the spring and summer months, it’s worth looking at what improvements can be made to our homes to help prepare for another potentially difficult winter and continued high prices for home energy bills. “Cost effective improvements such as fitting thermostats to radiators and fixing any draughts in the home are relatively easy fixes, helps retain heat and could contribute to lower energy bills.” He spoke about some of the key ways people can improve their homes, which can collectively save a household more than £300 a year on energy bills. READ MORE: Hundreds of Nationwide customers paid £250 - how to apply for cash boost Washing machines are a heavily used appliance that use a lot of water and can be “expensive” to run, said Mr Stubbins. People should make sure the washing machine is completely full before turning it on and avoid half empty washes, reducing their use to one full wash a week if possible. Some machines can also be run in ‘eco mode’, a 30 degree centigrade wash which uses less water and energy. These changes can save a household £34 a year. Mr Stubbins also said there is a significant difference in price between different types of tumble dryers. Don't miss... BT, Sky, TalkTalk, Virgin and Vodafone hike broadband and mobile costs [BILLS HIKE] WASPI woman slams DWP for just two years warning of age change [STATE PENSION] ‘Dominoes falling’ - Financial crisis warning as US bank crash spreads [BANKING] He explained: “A vented tumble dryer can cost as much as £1.70 per cycle, whereas a heat pump tumble dryer costs a lot less at around 67p per cycle. “As we head into the warmer months, consider hanging out your washing and let it dry naturally as it’s free, more environmentally friendly and will save you a small fortune in the process.” This is “not an instant fix” but can save a lot of money in energy bills over the course of time as the insulation will prevent heat loss from the property. Topping up loft insulation will reduce the amount of energy needed to heat the home and could save a household £35 a year. READ MORE: Barclays announces 14 more bank branches to close this year - full list of new closures These allow a person to control the temperature of individual radiators to make sure only the rooms in a property that are in use are being heated. Thermostats can cost as little as £20 and are an effective way to reduce the amount of hot water going through radiators, helping a family save money. People should also be mindful to turn off their radiator thermostats going into the milder months to prevent unnecessary heating of rooms around the home. Ensuring a property has an efficient heating system can bringin savings of around £75 a year. A person can also save £80 a year on heating bills by turning down the thermostat by just one degree. Mr Stubbins said: “Look to set the timer for moments in the day when you’re at home to avoid wasting any energy. “Many companies now offer advanced smart controls for heating systems that connect to the internet. Similar to a timer, but more advanced, these can help you change timings remotely if plans change.” Installing reflection panels behind radiators will also help to spread the heat around quicker and the panels reflect heat back into the room to keep it feeling warmer for longer. Gaps around doors and windows can lead to heat loss from the home. Preventing this can save a household £60 a year in bills. Those with an open chimney may want to consider draught-proofing it with an inflatable pillow when it’s not in use, to save £90 a year. Draught excluders along doors and sealant strips around windows can also ensure they have a tight seal. It’s worth doing this during the warmer months ready for the winter season when the heating is on more. Dust and dirt on appliances can affect their efficiency. For example, fridge filters have to be kept clean to function properly. The condenser coils should also be dusted regularly as this can help them operate up to 25 percent more efficiently. For the latest money news, follow us on Twitter at @Expressmoney_.