The Duchess of Sussex "pimped out" Prince Harry after discovering he had no money, US commentator Megyn Kelly has claimed. Ms Kelly told Sky News Australia Meghan has made every effort to ensure the Sussexes can afford their lifestyle. She said: "He's got fame and he gave her that for sure. She's now a household name when she wasn't... But he doesn't have any money." Ms Kelly continued: "It all makes sense how she's pimped him out to write the memoir... She needed that money. They got a $20million advance on Spare. "And she's crying all the way to the bank now because they've got that. They've got the $100million Netflix deal. They've got a $50million Spotify deal." She alleged Meghan will try to "trade up" in five years or less, claiming the Duchess will "blow through" the money from the deals in "about two years" in Montecito, California, where the Sussexes live. Royal author Tom Bower recently claimed Meghan is "money-obsessed" and wants a lavish lifestyle which includes riding in luxury cars and "private jets on command". He claimed in an appearance on GB News that Meghan had even married Prince Harry for money. However, Harry writes in Spare about the love between the couple, including by reproducing words written by Meghan. He writes: "I read them as a testament, a renewal of our vows. I read them as a citation, a remembrance, a proclamation. I read them as a decree. "She said: That was everything. She said: That is a man. My love. She said: That is not a Spare." READ ABOUT POLICE FEARS FOR A MISSING BABY Meghan has also spoken in the recent past of feeling grateful she was able to support Harry in the aftermath of Elizabeth II's death. She told Variety magazine: "I'm really grateful that I was able to be with my husband to support him, especially during that time." Meanwhile, the Sussexes confirmed today (March 1) that they have been asked to vacate their home in the UK. A spokesperson for Harry and Meghan said a request had been made for the duke and duchess to give up Frogmore Cottage near Windsor Castle. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan left 'stunned' by King's decision to evict them [OPINION] Prince Harry and Meghan 'felt forced out' by King Charles, expert says [REVEALED] Prince William and Kate mark St David's Day and attend army parade [LATEST] Reports have suggested the move was sanctioned by King Charles and it will remove their remaining foothold in the UK and further weaken ties with the Royal Family. Meghan and Harry's spokesperson said: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." The move comes after Harry's controversial autobiography was released in January. It claimed the duke's brother, the Prince of Wales, physically attacked him; that Charles put his own interests above Harry's and that he was jealous of Meghan. Spare also confirmed reports of a fractious relationship between the Duchess of Sussex and Princess of Wales. Harry recounts in the book how Kate, who was pregnant at the time with Prince Louis, said she deserved an apology from Meghan, who had said the then-Duchess of Cambridge was suffering "baby brain" due to her hormones. Camilla, Queen Consort, was also accused of seeking to improve her own image at Harry's expense, although he said she was not an evil stepmother during an interview with ABC's Good Morning America. Frogmore, a Grade-II listed property which is owned by the Crown Estate, was a gift from Harry's grandmother, the Queen. In 2019, royal accounts revealed Meghan and Harry paid £2.4 million to cover the refurbishment and rental of Frogmore Cottage, on the Home Park Estate at Windsor Castle, a property they have only have used a handful of times since relocating to the US. The couple were funding the general up-keep of their former home, like maintaining the garden, and were continuing to pay rent, a rental contract described as a "good deal" for the taxpayer by a senior palace source in 2022. Harry's cousin, Princess Eugenie, and her family, are thought to be staying at the property that underwent major work to turn five properties back into a single residence for the Sussexes. 