WARNING: This article contains spoilers from American Idol. ABC viewers shared their heartbreak after singer Cay auditioned with a touching tribute to her dad who tragically died just months ago. Her musician father turned out to be The Voice and America's Got Talent star Nolan Neal who died after a devastating drug overdose. She stood in front of judges Katy Perry, Lionel Richie, and Luke Bryan during Sunday's Academy Awards night episode. Cay explained that she connected with her father through music and was using her audition to "honour" her dad Nolan. "Well, I've grown up doing music with my dad who just passed away two months ago. He died of a drug overdose," she told judges. Concerned Katy warmed to the hopeful's emotional backstory, asking her if her dad had been "struggling?". READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks Cay told Katy: "Yeah, my whole life he did struggle with addiction." "He kind of had record deal after record deal, opportunity after opportunity, and he kept blowing it," she told the three judges. In her VT, she explained: "Growing up my dad was kind of in and out of my life, but the one thing that I always connected with him was music. "Going into that audition room feels like I'm honouring my dad and I'm closing his chapter, but starting my own. I just know he'd be so excited." Singing an original song, Cay sat at the piano and performed 'City of Nashville', dedicating the tune to Nolan. Despite putting on an emotional display, judges admitted that they were unsure about the song. Katy said: "I think we heard the story and it was amazing, but I think... I'm on the fence. "I really am. I didn't feel emotionally connected, but you have a really good voice. Just... bring the emotions." Don't miss... Gary Lineker's 'insulting' Nazi remark ripped apart by Angela Rippon [LATEST] American Idol fans brand Katy Perry a 'bully' over 'nasty' reaction [LATEST] Katy Perry slammed for ‘trying to take over’ American Idol audition [LATEST] Lionel explained: "You got a voice, but I gotta get it to sound like you care to do this, you follow me? Because it really boils down to what you're feeling." After the moment aired, fans flocked to social media to disagree with the judges. User @grrrr24 tweeted: "Just rewatched @CayAliese performance and it hit my heart exactly like the first time. I can’t believe you all said she needed to feel it." Account @SoUWanaBaSinger added: "Cay Aliese, emotional with a bit of nostalgia. This feels like home. Dad would be Proud!" Profile @TracyBench4 wrote: "Watching American Idol tonight and I was sad to hear that Nolan Neal passed away two months ago. "I first saw Nolan on The Voice Season 16 on team Adam Levine. Tonight his daughter Cay Aliese auditioned on American Idol. RIP Nolan Neal." Despite the comments from judges, Cay ultimately received three "yes" votes and she was sent to Hollywood. American Idol continues Sundays on ABC in the USA.