Perfect Match debuted last month and saw host Nick Lachey bring together hopeful singles from past reality shows like Love Is Blind, The Mole, Too Hot to Handle and others in a bid to find their soul mates. Reality stars Shayne Jansen (Love Is Blind Season 2) and Chloe Veitch (Too Hot to Handle) grew to be firm fan favourites of the show after the pair hit it off straight away.  Veitch and Jensen had an on-off relationship throughout their time on Perfect Match, and it wasn't clear if this theme continued when the couple left the show. But since the finale aired, Veitch has finally updated fans on her relationship status with her co-star. In an exclusive interview with Cheatsheet, the reality star revealed that she didn't find her perfect match on the hit dating show. She revealed: “I didn’t leave single, I left in a match, but now I’m single.”  In an interview with TODAY, Veitch went into more detail about why her relationship with Jenson fizzled out. She explained that they broke off their relationship when filming finished for various reasons, one being distance related. Veitch lives in the UK while Jenson is based almost 4,000 miles away in Chicago. She explained: “We’re not together unfortunately. Towards the end of the episodes in Perfect Match, there were some bumpy roads, up and down," referring to her and Jenson's tense fight in Episode 10.  The reality star added: "When I decided to make him my perfect match, I was feeling very hopeful. When we got outside of the villa, the bubble that we had around us just popped". The reality star seemingly confirmed the relationship had come to an end in a cryptic post on social media. In one TikTok post, she pretended to cry while a caption read, "When you pray to god for your perfect match but it's that long distance kind." Viewers were quick to guess Veitch was talking about Love Is Blind star Jenson, with many fans expressing their love for the couple.  One fan @AleyXXX wrote: “Shayneeeee. you guys have the best vibes! And I feel like your communication style is perfect to keep him in check girllll.” @HeatherAnderson commented: Please tell me it’s Shayne.” with a third @user298346182886 adding: “Shayne deserves another chance”. Jensen also shared his piece on their breakup during an episode of the Where Are They Now spin-off. The star took "full responsibility" for the fact that their relationship blossomed after the show ended, referring to an awkward situation he had with a co-star on his season of Love Is Blind. The pair kicked it off on Veitch’s first night in the house but by the end of the show the Too Hot To Handle star expressed some doubts about their future as a couple. However, in a desperate bid to assure his match Jensen claimed he would be “willing to do whatever it takes” after filming stopped. Perfect Match is streaming on Netflix in the UK. 