Manchester United icon Roy Keane could not hide his fury after Erik ten Hag's outfit lost 7-0 to fierce rivals Liverpool on Sunday. Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez and Cody Gakpo got braces in the rout before Roberto Firmino added the final touch to seal an embarrassing day for United. Keane took aim at United's senior players such as Raphael Varane, Luke Shaw, Marcus Rashford, Bruno Fernandes, David De Gea and Casemiro as he urged the stars to "go into hiding", the Irishman was thankful that he was not part of such a disappointing defeat. “Thank god I've never been part of a team that's been beaten by that much playing for Manchester United,” Keane told Sky Sports. "Again, the senior players for Man United will be - the big players, the ones we give the big build up to, the experiences players - they’re the ones who have really let the club down today. "I always imagined if you got beat in a game like this six or seven nil you’d go into hiding. As a player you’d go into hiding for a few days. I think I’d go missing for a few months, it really is that embarrassing. But that’s the game, they’ve got to bounce back, they’ve got a big European game coming up. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans "I never thought United were back to their very best. They’ve had some very good results and I’ve been saying recently that United have been giving teams chances, even over the last few weeks. Leicester at home, they probably should have been two nil up at Old Trafford, West Ham should have been two nil up, so they’ve been giving teams chances and teams have let them off the hook. "The chances they gave up today, Liverpool punished them and that’s where they deserve credit. They created opportunities, they were clinical, they were ruthless, and what I admired about Liverpool was they kept going towards the end for more goals." DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears  Graeme Souness, on the Sky Sports panel with Keane, predicted before the game that Liverpool would defeat United and explained that it is a "difficult" place for United to visit. "There were some spectacular performances today," Souness said regarding Liverpool. "I felt Liverpool coming into this game today, Manchester United enjoying success, playing good football and being resilient, but I just fancied Liverpool today because this is a hard place to come for any team - especially Man United - the way the crowd, you know they don’t like each other very much. "I just felt the crowd today were not going to allow Liverpool to lose this game. I’ve been here as a manager, bringing a team here, and this is a difficult place to play. I’ve played here as a football player, it is the best place to play, it really is. When they are with you it is just a sensational place to play football." 