Jack Keating, 23, made the surprise announcement on Instagram that he has become a father for the first time. The Love Island star and son of Ronan Keating has not publicly confirmed who the mother of his child is, with the newborn being born less than a year after his appearance on the ITV dating show. Jack took to Instagram to share a heartwarming black-and-white picture of himself with his newborn daughter in his arms. He captioned the snap: "Welcome to the world, my little Princess." His friends and other Love Island stars were quick to congratulate him, as fellow Islander Paige Thorne wrote: "Congratulations hunny!!" Ronan's second wife and Jack's stepmother Storm replied with a series of heart emojis under the post. READ MORE: Martin Roberts tells BBC co-star 'I'm struggling' after tearful video Jack has not dated anyone publicly since leaving the Love Island villa last summer and it is not known who the mother of the newborn is. His father, Ronan, is also yet to comment on the arrival. Jack entered Casa Amor alongside Deji Adeniyi, 25, Josh Le Grove, 22, George Tasker, 23, Samuel Agbiji, 22, and Billy Brown, 23, last summer. Jack confessed to being unlucky in love and had hoped Love Island would have solved his dating woes. He admitted at the time: "I've been single now for a long time, probably four or five years now and I've really been missing that spark that I haven't been getting on the dating scene. "I've been dating for a long time, and I just thought 'why not?' Hopefully, I'll get a connection with somebody and see what happens." Jack is Ronan's eldest child with his ex-wife Yvonne Connolly, 48, with the couple also sharing children Missy and Ali. Ronan has been with his current wife, Australian fashion designer, Storm Keating, since 2010 and the pair have children Cooper and Coco together. DON'T MISS... Iconic astrologer Mystic Meg has died following a short illness [DEATH] Kim Kardashian taken off Met Gala 2023 guest list in Vogue crack down [HOLLYWOOD] A-list Oscars crowd slammed for 'scripted' response to Will Smith slap [OPINION] Since leaving the Love Island villa, Jack has made claims about the show, saying he had to watch it in isolation and give his top three girls ahead of Casa Amor. While banned from having access to the outside world, he claimed he was made to sit through nightly instalments of the programme and reveal who he had crushes on. He claimed to OK! magazine: "I wasn’t allowed to leave during my stay, but as there were no other buildings for what seemed like miles, I’d have had nowhere to go anyway. "'Throughout those two weeks in isolation, I hardly spoke to anyone other than Dan. Producers came in occasionally to give a rundown about what was happening, but it meant that Dan and I got to know each other very well. "At the end of each episode I was required to say who my top three girls were, so producers could gauge what would happen if they sent me into the villa." He also claimed he was asked by Love Island producers to re-enact a conversation with Gemma Owen about their famous dads multiple times on-camera. The celebrity offspring claimed he was "surprised" when show bosses got him to repeat his chat with the 19-year-old daughter of footballer Michael Owen. He told the Mail Online at the time: "I think the biggest, most surprising thing for me is just how many times they have to build things if they want to get different shots, different angles, different conversations. "The [producers] will ask you again to sit down and have the same conversation again and bring up the same sort of things. That's what I thought was the most surprising thing."