Kate, Princess of Wales was seating next to Prince Louis at Queen Elizabeth's Platinum Jubilee parade when the little one was seen poking his tongue out and covering her mother's mouth. Royal author Tom Quinn revealed a "secret code" Kate reportedly uses with her children in his book Guilded Youth: An Intimate History of Growing Up in the Royal Family. He claimed that the Princess of Wales uses this parenting technique with her three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, but especially to "calm" Louis in public. The royal author talked to former Palace workers, who reportedly told him the phrase Kate used during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations. Tom claimed: "When Prince Louis misbehaved at the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee, for example, by sticking his tongue out at his mother, Kate's reaction was praised by teams of expert commentators. "She apparently used a secret code to calm the children as she does on occasion." READ MORE: Mum hits back at backlash after she said her son goes to bed at 4:30pm According to the author, Kate "simply says, 'Let's take a break'." He added: "But as a former staff explained, the children know these few words carry far more weight than we might imagine." According to a former Palace worker, "Let's take a break" is Kate's signal to ask the children to behave or consequences may follow at home. Body language expert Judi James analysed Kate's parenting style in the last outings and said that the Princess "looks breezily calm and beautiful" when she is with her children. She commented: "Kate, as future Queen and mother of a future King, is the consummate pro in terms of presenting the pitch-perfect, immaculate Royal Family moments." Don't miss... Kate may have 'delicious' breakfast food every day to lose weight  [DIET] Kate’s gesture to Prince William put her 'in the role of control'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Danish royals pose for portrait in 'midlife crisis' shoes, claim fans [STYLE] However, Judi opined that Kate’s elegant exterior "suggests the swan through water comparison: looking calm and beautiful on the surface while paddling away furiously underneath to achieve that effect". “Her royal role shows her leading two or possibly three young children clad in heels and the kind of stylish outfits that are not child-friendly," she added. Despite this, Kate "seems intent on being a very face-to-face mum, bending to the height of her children when talking to them and even part-kneeling in a bid to give them her full attention and to tune into their feelings and emotions". READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert The body language guru added that Kate often uses "touch rituals and eye contact or face-watching as her tie signs". The royal has these for constant "non-verbal reassurance, checking and communication touches" to tune in to her children when they appear in public. The Princess of Wales may have managed to avoid "tears" or "tantrums" thanks to her "tactile, close-up approach with ensuring a sense of fun, alongside the normal royal demands". Primary school teacher and owner of Catkin Toys, Kimberley Wiltshire, added that Kate also uses an "effective parenting strategy" called "active listening". It consists of "crouching down and speaking at eye level with her child" which "makes them more inclined to listen to what you are saying as they can easily make eye contact and hear your words clearly". This is something Kate could be observed doing with Prince Louis during the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, when she was seated next to him and therefore, at his same level. The expert added: "It also helps avoid feelings of frustration. This is because you are much more likely to speak in a quiet and calm manner without emotions spilling over for both you and your child. "So next time those toys need tidying away or it’s time to leave the play area, why not try crouching down to their level and giving active listening a try!”