Having earned many impressive titles throughout her career including England's second-most capped international footballer and "Queen of the Jungle", Jill Scott is known to fans for both her sporting skills and charisma. But while she's often spotted on the pitch during TV appearances, the former Lioness often shares snaps of her personal life on her social media. And this includes her chic family home in the north of England. Despite being born and raised in Sunderland, 36-year-old Jill has since made a life in Manchester with her partner Shelly. Shelly has two daughters of her own, Evie, 19, and Hattie, 15, making the esteemed retired footballer a step mum to the two teenagers. All four of them are thought to live in the city home which is a perfect mix of chic and cosy. In a series of pictures shared on her Instagram page, Jill gave fans a look inside. READ MORE: ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert White marble floors and clean white walls featured in the open plan living space which was decorated with a dark velvet-look sofa and a large silver mirror. Trailing green plants are featured on the white shelving in the background of one snap. A sleek, white gloss kitchen could also be seen in one video which showed a seamless finish from floor to ceiling. In the sitting area at what appears to be the front of the house, Jill and Shelly had decorated the room with light grey sofas a white furnishings. Don't miss... Robson Green 'just fell apart' in front of Jill Scott during series [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan given until Autumn to vacate Frogmore Cottage [ROYAL] Most desirable places to live in the UK ranked - map [REVEAL] Upstairs, the white and grey interior continues with silver decor to brighten up the room. A wall of sliding-door wardrobes could be seen in one of the pictures with a glossy pendant ceiling light above Jill. On the floors, a plush grey carpet replaced the white marble used downstairs for a cosier feel. While the property looked modern and sleek throughout, it lacked photographs and wall hangings. Large mirrors and clocks appear to be a favourite for the house-proud couple - though one piece of memorabilia did stand out. In the hallway, a framed football shirt is hung on the wall to mark a chapter in Jill's impressive 17-year career. As well as running a busy household, Shelley and Jill are also the proud owners of a coffee shop near their home in the leafy suburb of Northenden. Named "Boxx 2 Boxx", the engaged pair often have a helping hand from Evie and Harriet to serve customers. While it was a joint business venture, Shelly dedicates most of her time to the business. On the Boxx 2 Boxx website, her bio reads: "Hey I’m Shelly the co-owner of Boxx2Boxx coffee shop, if you're ever looking for me you will find me here because this is where I spend most days. A flat white is my go-to drink. When I get time off I love playing board games and cleaning! I enjoy getting out and going for walks with a good coffee!" Meanwhile, Jill does her bit as often as she can in between making an appearance pitch-side as a pundit for the World Cup - which she hopes to attend in some capacity this tear. Alongside this, Jill has turned her attention to coaching youth teams since retiring from playing herself.