In an emotional Oscars night filled with tears from almost all the winners and many of the hosts, the Best Song category provided some welcome lighter relief. The competition was stiff with big hitters like Lady Gaga and Rihanna delivering powerful renditions of their numbers from Top Gun and Black Panther 2 respectively. But it was an irresistibly catchy and euphoric dance number from Bollywood which took home the golden statuette. And UK fans can enjoy the song and movie at home. SCROLL DOWN TO WATCH THE FULL NAATU NAATU ROUTINE IN RRR The song Naatu Naatu and its energetic dance routine brought the crowd to their feet last night in Hollywood. Composer M.M. Keeravani charmed the audience with his acceptance speech, much of it delivered in song to the tunes of his idols The Carpenters. Amusingly, some news outlets back home mistakenly ran articles declaring that he grew up listening to the music of carpentry professionals. He previously also explained that the song title means "Naatu means ethnicity, ethnic. Whatever I do is purely mine. It's my own experience, it's my own way of expression. These are my words, this is my style, look at me, this is who I am." The song itself also provides a lighter break in the movie, which is about a dramatic struggle for love and freedom in India set at the time of The Raj. RRR is an acronym for "Roudram Ranam Rudhiram," in the film's original Telugu language. It translates as "Fierce Death Blood," but the film marketing in English has translated it much more loosely to follow the three R's as "Rise Roar Revolt." The three-hour-long film fittingly features numerous high-octane scenes including fights with tigers, motorcycles being hurled and raging infernos. DON'T MISSMalala Yousafzai on 'painful joke' aimed at her by Jimmy KimmelOscars fans fume over Tems' 'disgraceful' outfitHugh Grant blasted as 'rude' in painful Oscars chat and rolls his eyes RRR has been a major hit with Western critics, voted one of the ten best films of the year by the US National Board of Review making it only the second non-English language film ever to make it to the list. It was also nominated for Best Foreign Language Film at the Golden Globes and won at the 28th Critics' Choice Awards. Naatu Naatu won the Best Original Song award at the 95th Academy Awards, the first song from an Indian or Asian film to do so, as well as the Golden Globe and Critics Choice Awards. UK fans can watch RRR on Netflix UK where the film is currently streaming across all platforms. 