Anna Kolcheck (played by Bar Paly) had a dangerous lifestyle in the past; from her estranged criminal father, secret missions set by Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt) and going on the run after escaping prison. The one constant in her life during these difficult times has been her on-off other half Agent Callen (Chris O'Donnell). They haven't always been able to stay together in the CBS police procedural but in series 13, Callen finally wanted to take the next step. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles.In season 13 of NCIS Los Angeles, Callen came to the realisation that there was no other woman for him apart from Anna. They had been through a lot together, even believing she was murdered in season 10 for some time, which, thankfully, wasn't the case. So he finally managed to pluck up the courage in the series finale to get down on one knee and propose. Anna was clearly overwhelmed and said yes, much to the rest of the team's delight who were on the beach watching the magical moment play out. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark NCIS Los Angeles actress Bar Paly was married to Canadian director and producer Ian Kessner. He has been behind projects such as Lost After Dark, David Blaine: Street Magic, Hush Little Baby, Twisted Puppet Theatre and a number of shorts. It isn't known when the Israeli-American actress and Kessner met but they had been dating since the mid 1990s. They then made it official, tying the knot sometime in 2007, nearly a decade after they first started going out. Unfortunately, it wasn't to be as Paly filed for divorce in 2018, putting an end to their 11-year marriage. She cited the reason as being irreconcilable differences and while they didn't have any children together, she requested spousal support, according to The Blast at the time. Since then, the 37-year-old actress has stayed pretty quiet regarding her personal life. So it isn't believed that she is dating anyone new as of yet. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [THEORY]Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION]NCIS LA's Caleb Castille shares peek at set as season 14 wraps [CAST] Paly is known for various TV shows and films away from NCIS Los Angeles. Prior to taking on the role of Anna, she had been in Pain and Gain, Million Dollar Arm, The Ruins, DC's Legends of Tomorrow, The Starter Wife and Urge. Her latest film was in 2021, portraying a character called Natalya in the thriller movie Painted Beauty. In regards to NCIS LA, Paly's Anna and Callen are focusing on their future. Season 14, episode 14, which comes out on Sunday, March 5, on CBS is called Shame. The synopsis reads: "When a petty officer is found dead with an apparent suicide note, the NCIS team must investigate the mystery surrounding his passing. "Also, Callen and Anna begin wedding planning and Sam has a heart to heart with his daughter." NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA.