HBO’s take on The Last of Us has amazed fans all over the world after its stunning reenactment of the popular PlayStation video game. Despite most scenes being an exact copy of the game, a scene involving Ellie in episode seven was changed after Bella Ramsey’s “explosive” performance.  Following episode seven's premiere of The Last of Us, star Ramsey spoke with Variety discussing the tense events that unfolded in this week's instalment. Ramsey, who reprises the role of Ellie in the post-apocalyptic drama, explained how they changed Ellie's original reaction to getting bit by an infected. The actor revealed that they had not seen the original video game scene, prior to acting it out. Meaning the actor could only go by what was written on the script's page.  The actor admitted: “I hadn’t seen that bit of gameplay, and I’m really glad that I didn’t. I became aware after that I reacted differently to how Ellie reacts in the game. However, their take on the scene seemingly had a more dramatic effect, as it covered more emotion to viewers. They continued: “I think it was maybe more explosive, and there was more anger, rather than fear. "I think that Ellie’s response is such intense emotion that she doesn’t know what to do with it. It becomes very outward and expressive and explosive.”  Ramsey went on to praise the co-creator of the series, Craig Mazin, and episode director, Liza Johnson, who guided them through the process. “I was very much trusting Craig and Liza [Johnson], the director, to guide me in that way. I loved that scene." They also touched on their love for freely expressing themselves through emotional scenes like the one in episode seven. The actor explained: “I love scenes where you get to feel things really intensely, because you don’t often get the chance to do that in a super safe space. To get that chance was awesome.”  After the nail biting end of episode six, which saw Joel (Pedro Pascal) suffer a near-fatal injury, this week's instalment saw Ellie take the reins. Ellie hid injured Joel in a house that appeared to belong to a residential neighbourhood,  as she searched for supplies to help him. The episode then flashes back to when she lived in a Boston quarantine zone, weeks before she began her perilous journey with Joel. During the heart-wrenching episode, fans soon come to realise how she got infected in the first place.  The original storyline of episode seven, named Left Behind, remained untouched with many moments and dialogue taken directly from the video game. In the game, Ellie, much like Ramsey, also wiped her forearm, repeatedly saying "No", but she had a much quieter response based on fear of the inevitable. The Last of Us returns next week, and will depict Ellie finding herself up against a new hostile survivor group as she attempts to get Joel back to his former self. The Last of Us season one is available to watch on Sky Max.