Celebrity psychic and astrologer Inbaal Honigman revealed where people should travel to this year based on their star sign. He explained: "Star signs are an ancient and well-established system of connections between the movements of the planets in the sky, and events and personalities here on earth. Those astrological signs impact our choices in both subtle and obvious ways and influence our personal likes and dislikes. Around art and multimedia especially, each sign has distinct tastes and preferences.” Aries are active, sporty and "like entertainment that sets their pulse racing," the astrologer explained. Where should you travel to in 2023: Madrid Traditional and calm, Taurus love an "easygoing pace, without too many surprises," Inbaal said. Where should you travel to in 2023: Munich Geminis are bouncy and sociable, in perpetual motion and "find joy in actions that match their manic pace". Where should you travel to in 2023: Amsterdam READ MORE: Spain’s crackdown on ‘budget British tourists’ causing issues  Welcoming and homely, those born under the sign "want to consume familiar fare, slow-paced that speaks to the heart," Inbaal commented. Where should you travel to in 2023: Rome Leos are proud and majestic, and "will welcome pastimes that encourage them to take action," the astrologer said. Where should you travel to in 2023: London According to the astrologer, Virgos are logical and rational, and they will enjoy a holiday in the capital of France. Where should you travel to in 2023: Paris  Friendly and elegant, those born under the sign of the scales "like to view real artistic merit in anything they watch or listen to". Where should you travel to in 2023: Rome Scorpios are unique, mysterious and love quirky creations and undiscovered creators, so Berlin is their perfect city getaway this year. Where should you travel to in 2023: Berlin The star sign is adventurous and independent, wanting to be surrounded by sights and sounds that make them feel like they are on holiday. Where should you travel to in 2023: Dubai READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' Intelligent and businesslike, Capricorn "want to hear a story which will inspire them, and potentially even follow the steps of the story-teller," Inbaal said. Where should you travel to in 2023: London The astrologer explained that Aquarius, who is thoughtful and charitable, will make a conscious effort to support smaller artists and those from marginalised communities this year. Where should you travel to in 2023: Barcelona Romantic and gentle, those born under the sign of the fish just want to be entertained by a love story, but "a happy ending is a must". Where should you travel to in 2023: Paris Astrologer Inbaal Honigman commented: "Water signs like Cancer, Scorpio and Pisces are emotional and loving. They'll favour art forms that connect to their hearts, like a warm ballad or a soppy romantic comedy. They don't even try to hide their tears. “Fire signs like Aries, Leo and Sagittarius are bouncy and active, and tend to be into things that move. They connect with stimulating content, like short-form movies and very loud tunes. The entire action movie genre is a homage to the element of fire. “Earth signs like Taurus, Virgo and Capricorn are traditional and practical. They want a musical creation that they can repeatedly hum into the night, and they enjoy a powerful documentary, even war and true crime. They have strong stomachs and can consume gruesome content without blinking. “Air signs like Gemini, Libra and Aquarius are the ‘ideas people’ of the zodiac. They love to think, and enjoy music that stimulates their minds, and quirky films and shows that nobody but them can understand. Oh, and they absolutely adore a plot twist!"