Mother's Day is on the 19th of March this year, and with less than two weeks to go, it's the perfect time to plan a way to celebrate. An afternoon tea can help spoil your Mum and show her much you appreciate her. A survey undertaken by Red Letter Days found that the top gift Mums want is quality time spent with their children. Afternoon teas are a great way to spend some time together and although it is lovely to spoil your Mum with a gift she can keep, quality time is also priceless and creates memories to look back on. Known for being classy experiences, afternoon teas are ideal for celebrating special occasions as they are often set in luxurious surroundings, and food and drink lovers will be able to enjoy multiple courses of food. There are also plenty of afternoon teas to enjoy at home, with multiple retailers offering deliverable boxes containing everything you need to create a delicious experience from home. The afternoon teas included in the guide don't have to be used on Mother's day, but purchasing one to gift on the 19th of March gives your Mum something to book for the future and look forward to. A traditional afternoon tea usually consists of three main foods, with are a variety of sandwiches, cakes or sweet treats, and scones with cream and jam. The foods can either be served on a tiered stand or in courses on separate plates and it's traditionally served with tea, but some also include champagne or prosecco. Afternoon tea is a typically British tradition and can be found in many venues across London and the rest of England. A survey by JING Tea found that hotels, restaurants and cafes are the preferred choice for afternoon tea and special occasion according to 57 percent of Brits. However, the research also showed a growing number of people are choosing to enjoy afternoon tea at home, with 30 percent of those aged 18-24 and 31 percent of over 65s choosing this option. With so many different afternoon teas, to choose from, there's something for all budgets, whether looking to stay at home or get dressed up and visit a famous tea room or hotel.