An 11-year-old boy railed against sexual content in his middle school after being given a “pornographic” book. Knox Zajac, an 11-year-old sixth-grader, spoke up at a school board meeting to read aloud from the book ‘Nick and Charlie’ that he had checked out of his school’s library. ‘Nick and Charlie,’ written by Alice Oseman, begins with two early teen boys stealing wine from their parents and proceeding to experiment sexually with one another. The age advisory on this book is 14 years and older. At the school board meeting, Knox said: “This book was on the stand. I would like to read you a page.” In a select quote, the boy read: “My back over my hips. I asked if he should take his clothes off. “He was saying yes before I finished my sentence. He’s pulling off my T-shirt, laughing when I can’t undo his shirt buttons. “He’s undoing my belt. I’m reaching into his bedside drawer for a condom.” Knox then read more of the sexually explicit material in the book to the Maine board, and said he was offered more books by the librarian. “When I rented it out and showed my dad it,” the kid said, “the librarian asked if I wanted more and if I wanted a graphic novel version.” The boy’s father, Adam then proceeded to blast the book ‘Gender Queer,’ which also shows sexually explicit depictions of two minors. The age advisory in the book is for readers 18 years and older. “This is bulls***,” he said. “We do not need to be having literature that is showing boys how to suck d***. “You may think the schools know what’s best for our children. You know who knows best for our children? The parents.” READ MORE: Covid DID originate from China lab leaks, US report says Meanwhile, in Indiana, lawmakers weighed a bill that seeks to ban materials deemed “harmful to minors” in school libraries. Senate Bill 12, which establishes a procedure to allow a parent or guardian of a child enrolled in a school to submit a complaint that a book in the school library is inappropriate, ultimately advanced 37-12 to the House. More than 100 bills are being debated at state level that would further censor books, according to the American Library Association. "The idea that all we're talking about here are schools and libraries is not true," Chris Finan, executive director of the National Coalition Against Censorship, told USA Today. "We are talking about culture, and the availability of culture to the wider population."