The UK is leading the charge for nature at home and around the world - and Express readers are playing their part by getting involved through the Green Britain Needs You campaign. This week, I am at a global ocean conference, persuading countries to help protect at least 30 percent of the global ocean by 2030. We have to manage our whole ocean sustainably – so we safeguard commercial fishing stocks and make sure astonishing species like whales and dolphins can thrive. There is hard work ahead to make this the decade we put nature on the road to recovery - but the world agreed to do just that when I attended the global nature summit in Montreal in December. I am proud that the UK is leading, co-leading and supporting other countries on everything from sustainable fishing to green finance – as well as upholding vital traditions like the CITES convention that celebrates 50 years of protecting endangered species today. We all want iconic species like elephants, turtles, tigers, lions, rhinos, and pangolins to have a future – so we are helping other countries through our £500m Blue Planet Fund, and our £100m Biodiverse Landscapes Fund that provides safe passage for wildlife and green jobs for people around the world, from the great rainforests to marvellous mangroves. That builds on decades of our world-renowned Darwin Initiative, the Illegal Wildlife Trade Challenge Fund, and the Blue Belt around our Overseas Territories that stretches around the globe. We are leading by example. Here at home, we are taking action for nature through the Environmental Improvement Plan that I launched last month – covering everything from restoring our National Parks, to building homes and creating opportunities across our country. This will mean more beloved species like barn owls, butterflies, red squirrels, dormice, and hedgehogs have the habitats they need to thrive. Earlier this week, I announced a boost for the most important areas of our waters, with new Highly Protected Marine Areas – following months of consultation with our coastal communities. And we are working in partnership with our fantastic farmers as well. They are the heart our countryside – so we are transforming the way we support them, to reward their work to keep us fed and help us meet our world-leading climate and environment targets, so we have cleaner air, clean and plentiful water, and help farmland birds recover. There is much more to do to help nature – and if we work together, we can do right by nature and each other, and inspire others to step up to help protect vast natural wonders on which the whole world relies. So, I want to thank readers of the Express for your efforts – and encourage everyone to roll up our sleeves to help us secure the future of our national treasures that are part of our islands’ story.