The Irish singer, 63, is “grateful to be alive” after her and her co-stars from Menopause the Musical 2 suffered a crash on the M3 near Basingstoke. The star, who was was fondly nicknamed ‘Tesco Mary’ by some X Factor viewers due to her day job in the supermarket, described the incident as “the most frightening thing that has ever happened to me”. The tour bus Mary Byrne was travelling in on Friday suddenly crashed into a truck that had reportedly braked after hitting a deer. Recalling the crash, Mary told The Irish Sun: “The poor guy driving the lorry in front, a deer ran out in front of him and he swerved but ended up killing the deer and jamming on his brakes. "We went right into the back of him. “The whole front of our bus was wrecked, the engine was destroyed. READ MORE... Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria “It was like an explosion. That’s what it sounded like. All I could see was people being thrown from one end of the bus to the other.  “Some of them had seat belts on, but some of them hadn’t. I was so lucky I had mine on.”  After the accident, Mary and her fellow cast members; Jessica Martin, Rebecca Wheatley, Susie Fenwick, director Kelly Sims and driver Jim Perrie were rushed to hospital after suffering “sprains and bruises”.  The TV star emotionally admitted she saw her life flash before her eyes during the crash. Mary sustained tissue damage to her neck and back, and has been left with a “very bad” arm, while avoiding any broken bones. The X Factor favourite told the publication “I’m so, so grateful I’m alive,” while revealing she “keep[s] bursting into tears” over the incident. Menopause the Musical 2 was set to open in Woking on Saturday, but ended up being postponed due to the crash. The theatre show’s official Facebook page confirmed the news to fans.  Don't miss... Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [COMMENT] Eamonn Holmes accuses BBC of 'dismissing staff as they're too old' [OPINION] Strictly's Ola Jordan 'walks around naked' amid weight loss [LATEST] A statement read: “Several of the Menopause the Musical 2 shows have been rescheduled due to a road traffic accident involving the cast.  “Please see below for rescheduled dates.”  Producer Robert C Kelly confirmed performances that were scheduled between March 3 and 6 and were due to take place in Woking, Wimbledon, Exmouth and Manchester have been delayed until late April.  Mary rose to fame when she auditioned for The X Factor back in 2010, performing a cover of I Who Have Nothing by Tom Jones. The singer impressed Simon Cowell, Louis Walsh, Cheryl and stand-in judge Katy Perry with her rendition of the track.  She was also popular with viewers, who voted her into the ITV show’s semi-final alongside One Direction and Matt Cardle, who won the series.  Mary eventually came seventh in the singing competition.  She has been busy touring the UK with Menopause the Musical 2 in recent weeks, and fans were quick to wish her well via the show’s Facebook page. Rescheduled dates may be checked on the show's website: www.menopauseuk.com