If you own a PC and are still using Windows 7 or Windows 8, then it might be time to upgrade to a newer operating system. Ahead of the launch of Chapter 4, Season 2 on March 10, Fortnite developer Epic Games has issued a fresh warning to fans playing on older devices. According to Epic Games, Fortnite will no longer continue to work on Windows 7 or Windows 8. While there is a potential workaround, it's another blow to anybody using the popular OS. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter: "As previously announced, starting with Battle Royale Chapter 4 Season 2, players will be required to use Windows 10 or higher in order to continue playing Fortnite natively on PC in an officially supported manner. "Windows 7 and 8 will be officially unsupported in Fortnite." Fortunately, however, there is a workaround for anybody using older operating systems. In a follow-up tweet, Epic confirmed that Windows 7 and Windows 8 users would still be able to stream Fortnite using NVIDIA's GeForce NOW app. "For players unable to upgrade, NVIDIA GeForce NOW is an available alternative so you can continue playing Fortnite via streaming on your current Windows 7 or Windows 8 PC." While the new Fortnite update is bad news for Windows 7 and Windows 8 users, it's good news for everybody else. The new Fortnite season will reportedly coincide with the release of first-person mode. While it's unclear if it will match the popularity of the original third-person mode, FPS gameplay will really freshen things up. According to the early leaks, Epic will release at least two new Star Wars skins in the next season. Epic is also planning an Attack on Titan crossover, potentially for the Battle Pass. That's on top of the usual map changes, new items and vehicles that come with any new season of Battle Royale. According to the early leaks, Epic will release at least two new Star Wars skins in the next season. Epic is also planning an Attack on Titan crossover, potentially for the Battle Pass. Elsewhere, first-person mode will make its long-awaited debut, alongside a new bike, weapons and lots more.