A dad with a lingering tickly cough has been given months to live after a devastating diagnosis. Martin Hughes returned from his holiday in Greece in November 2022 with a tickly cough.   Just before Christmas, the 37-year-old had still not shaken the cough and told his friend Richard Maxwell that he needed to book a doctor's appointment. Around one month later, Martin's doctor told him he had throat cancer but said "not to worry" as most forms of the condition are easily treated. However, after further tests, doctors diagnosed Martin with a rare cancer of the throat, small cell neuroendocrine carcinoma, after finding it had started in his bowel and spread to the throat.  Richard, who has been friends with Martin since they were three-years-old told The Liverpool Echo: "They have told him it's going to be months he has left to live. "He's not in palliative care or anything, he is at home and fine in himself. "Martin is fighting for his life with all the stubbornness and enthusiasm he has. "He's a stubborn b*****d and this won't beat him. "I do think he's putting on a brave face for everybody at the moment." Martin, who is a huge Everton fan and now lives in Maghull, Merseyside, stopped working as a plasterer after he was diagnosed with the rare cancer and has now started Chemotherapy. He was told by doctors immunotherapy may help prolong his life, but he does not meet the criteria for this to be administered on the NHS. Richard, who lives in St Helens, Merseyside, said: "Because the cancer spread from his bowel and straight to his throat, missing out his lungs he doesn't fit the criteria to have it [immunotherapy] on the NHS. He doesn't tick a box.  "He is using oxygen tanks, and other treatments, this cost is currently approximately £6,500 every three weeks, this barely being met by Martin and his family. "This cost will not stop, it will only increase as the weeks go on." Martin's friends have now created a GoFundMe page with the goal of raising £7,000 to help pay for some of his treatment. Richard along with Roberto Bromilow, Michael Wilson, Daniel Mather and Craig Witton will be doing a bike ride from Goodison Park to Old Trafford on April 8 in the hope of raising money towards the GoFundMe. There is also a fundraising night being organised for March 31 to "further add to the pot".  Richard said: "Being faced with this battle, financial implications are the last thing he should be worrying about. "Times are hard financially for everyone and we appreciate that, but if anyone could spare anything to help save the life of one of the kindest, most loveable lads you would ever meet, it would be appreciated by everyone who has ever had the privilege of meeting Martin." To donate to Martin's GoFundMe page, click here.