The state pension is often considered the bedrock of retirement planning. However, some will struggle with the idea of leaving a regular salary or income behind to rely upon this sum. Retirement is often viewed as expensive, and many Britons are likely to worry about the cost - especially amid a financial crisis. But one expert has stressed looking at the state pension carefully could help to combat these worries. Ed Monk, associate director at Fidelity International, explained: “There is some help in the tax system which means those past their retirement age get to keep a little bit more of their money. “Of course, they may have the state pension itself to boost their income.” READ MORE: UK state pension age to rise even higher than France Mr Monk took the example of a person who is earning £60,000 before they retire. This individual could expect to take home around £3,654 per month after paying tax and National Insurance. However, if they were contributing to pensions and other savings, the amount they would have available to actually spend would be lower. He continued: “Were they contributing 10 percent of their salary to a pension (not including anything their employer may pay in for them) their take-home pay would fall to £3,433 a month. Don't miss... My win on Premium Bonds made me think about interest rates [EXCLUSIVE] WASPI woman hits out during Westminster rally [INSIGHT] TSB shares vital savings tips to help Britons make the most of money [ANALYSIS] “If they were then saving £500 of their pay into savings - into an ISA, say - the money available to them each month for living expenses drops again to £2,933.” But how much would it take to create a £2,933 a month expendable income in retirement once a person has reached state pension age? Believe it or not, this may be far lower than individuals expect - and there is a specific reason why. Mr Monk said: “National Insurance is no longer due for those over their state pension age. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares top ISAs today as tax deadline looms “Thanks to this fact, and because they no longer need to set aside amounts for saving inside and outside a pension, the annual income they would need to produce £2,933 a month to spend would drop from £60,000 to around £41,000. “And, of course, they will be receiving a state pension, the full entitlement of which amounts to £9,627 a year in 2022/23. “So - the amount they have to generate from their own retirement savings income (not including state pension) to leave with them the same amount to spend each month would be a little over £31,373. “This is a little more than half their £60,000 pre-retirement salary.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Of course, not everyone will be entitled to a full state pension. Under the old scheme, Britons typically required some 30 years of qualifying National Insurance contributions for a full basic state pension. For the new scheme, individuals require some 35 qualifying years on their National Insurance record. Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. However, the example may be helpful to pensioners, Mr Monk said.  He added: “It helps to show how income in retirement may not need to be as high as you first imagine.”