The Duke and Duchess of Sussex informed King Charles of their decision to use their children's titles before sharing the news with the world, a royal source has confirmed. They said: "The appropriate conversations have taken place ahead of today’s news [of Lilibet’s christening]." Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Meghan and Harry announced their decision about their children's titles by calling their daughter Lilibet 'Lili' Diana a "Princess" in a statement released regarding her christening. Their spokesperson told People magazine: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." The decision to use the royal titles of Archie Harrison and Lilibet is perfectly in line with the 1917 letters patent issued by King George V. This ruling stated only a restricted number of people can receive the HRH styling and title of Prince or Princess. Among those eligible are the children of the son of the sovereign - Prince Harry in this instance. Archie and Lili became eligible to be styled as Prince and Princess on September 8, after King Charles acceded to the throne. However, no announcement regarding a similar move had been made over the past six months by either the Duke and Duchess of Sussex or Buckingham Palace. While the children can now be called Prince and Princess, they will not be styled as His/Her Royal Highness, as their parents relinquished the right to use their HRH styles in an official capacity after stepping down as working members of the Firm in the spring of 2020. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's one-word reply when asked about first meeting Kate Harry and Meghan's decision to contact King Charles about the titles suggests father and son are still in touch, despite the blistering criticism and allegations levelled by the Sussexes at the monarch and the Firm. Moreover, the Sussexes offered an olive branch to Charles, Queen Camilla and the Prince and Princess of Wales, as they were reportedly invited to the christening of Lili. However, the senior royals did not travel across the pond to take part in the event, which was celebrated at Meghan and Harry's home in Montecito. The christening was followed by a reception filled with food and dance, one of the attendees claimed. Don't miss... Archie and Lilibet won't use HRH after becoming Prince and Princess [REPORT] Lilibet and Archie to become Prince and Princess in major U-turn [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] The intimate ceremony saw only 20-30 people in attendance, including Meghan's mum Doria Ragland and Holywood producer Tyler Perry - who was Lilibet's godfather. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were last in the UK in September, when they attended the funeral of the late Queen Elizabeth II. While they chose to celebrate the christening of Lili in California, they may decide to travel back to the UK to attend in person the Coronation of King Charles. One of their spokespeople confirmed over the weekend King Charles's office sent Meghan and Harry an invite to the historic event taking place in May.