SNP frontrunner Humza Yousaf has vowed to break up Britain by using “any means necessary” if he is elected as the First Minister for Scotland in the upcoming elections. The health secretary is running against Kate Forbes, the finance secretary, and ex-community safety minister Ash Regan to replace Nicola Sturgeon.  SNP members will start voting for the new leader on Monday, with the winner to be announced on March 27. Mr Yousaf has been backed by senior party figures including Deputy First Minister John Swinney and the SNP's Westminster leader Stephen Flynn. The frontrunner leader claimed he would consider a snap Holyrood election to try to show public support for independence. Mr Humza said that nothing should be “off the table”.  He cited ex-First Minister Nicola Sturgeon’s plan to utilise next year's Westminster election as a "de facto" referendum. Under both blueprints, the nationalists would attempt to open independence talks with the UK Government if they received a majority of votes. When asked if he would go about breaking up the UK, Mr Yousaf told BBC Scotland's Sunday Show: “To achieve independence, we will use any means necessary that is within a legal framework, of course.” He pledged to let SNP members decide the route, he said: “So I have said within the first week we're going to set up those regional assemblies, empower our membership. READ MORE: POLL - Who should be the next SNP leader? “Let's take nothing off the table, whether it's a de facto referendum, whether it's using a Holyrood election.” Speaking about the 2026 Scottish Parliament election, he said: “It would be about demonstrating the fact that we have a consistent majority for independence.” Pledging to "inspire people with our vision" for a separate Scotland, he said the taxpayer should take a stake in the next round of offshore wind leases and buy up empty homes that could be made available for the social rented sector. Scottish Labour said Humza Yousaf should be focusing on the state of the NHS rather an independence.  Don't miss... Three arrested in Japan over conveyor belt 'sushi terrorism' [LATEST] Two more teenagers arrested over death of 16-year-old schoolgirl [INSIGHT] Gary Lineker's own brother mocks Match of the Day star  [SPOTLIGHT] On Saturday Mr Yousaf secured the backing of outgoing Deputy First Minister John Swinney and the SNP's Westminster leader Stephen Flynn. The endorsement of Mr Swinney, the most high profile party figure to endorse any of the candidates, prompted accusations from Ms Forbes' campaign manager that the SNP hierarchy were "absolutely panicking". 