Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have officially confirmed that they have been invited to the King's Coronation, but have refused to say whether they will attend the May 6 ceremony. The news follows months of speculation over whether an invite would be extended to the couple or not, particularly due to the ongoing rift between Harry and the Royal Family. However, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex has told The Times: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation. "An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." The Sussexes' attendance appeared uncertain following Harry's string of accusations, aimed towards the family, and various claims made in the couple's Netflix series, which was released in December. In true royal style, the Royal Family have remained tight-lipped on all the allegations made. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Harry and Meghan could ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s Coronation However, the King is said to have been "hit hard" by the claims. Reports have suggested that Harry's potshots towards his stepmother, the Queen Consort where what "crossed the line", leading to the King's decision to evict his younger son and daughter-in-law from their Windsor-based home, Frogmore Cottage. In an interview, which coincided with release of Spare in January, Harry deemed Camilla as "dangerous" and expressed that he feared she would become an "evil stepmother". He also claimed that he and Prince William begged their father not to marry her. Following speculation over the eviction, a spokesperson for the couple confirmed, earlier this week, that they had been "requested to vacate" the home. READ MORE: King’s olive branch to Sussexes may allow him to ‘build relationship’ with his grandkids Speaking to Tom Bradby for his ITV interview in January, Harry refused to commit to his attendance at the King's Coronation. When asked how he'd respond if he was invited, Harry said: "There is a lot that can happen between now and then." Harry added that the "ball is in their court". DON'T MISS Prince Harry says 'broken home' made him 'perfect candidate' for army [INSIGHT]Harry insists he's performing 'an act of service' with his interviews [COMMENT]'Meghan was not as cool' as Prince Harry in meeting with Rebel Wilson [PICTURES] The couple last stayed at Frogmore Cottage in June 2022, while visiting the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. It is reported that the couple barely strayed from the safe confinements of the Windsor property, only opting to leave for the events they attended. They also didn't stay for very long, flying back to Montecito before the celebrations officially ended. In addition to members of the British Royal Family, the guestlist for the historic event will include the Prime Minister, heads of state and international royals.