Holly, 42, and Phillip, 60, were served a risotto which contained squirrel on the latest instalment of This Morning by chef Phil Vickery. Holly flat-out refused to eat the rodent which was added to the dish after a campaign group claimed grey squirrels should be served in restaurants. The mother-of-three was filled with horror at the thought of tucking into the dish, but Phillip was ready to get stuck in. As he started trying the risotto he admitted it was "a bit chewy" as Holly looked disgusted. She told viewers: "If anyone watches Friday Night Dinner there is a bit where the dad always says, 'Lovely bit of squirrel' and I can't get that out of my head." The father in the Channel 4 sitcom who was played by the late Paul Ritter always joked about eating squirrels. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark Holly looked horrified and added: "It makes me feel like I can already feel it in my throat and it makes me feel a bit gippy. "It's just the idea of [eating] it." Phillip continued to eat the dish as Holly asked whether it tasted gamey. He felt it tasted a little like chicken but another guest who was trying out the meal said it tasted more like pork than poultry.  Holly sat back and shook her head as she looked at Phillip disapprovingly. The hosts had been talking about the Exmoor Squirrel Project, which claimed squirrels could be served up in stews. The group hopes to eradicate grey squirrels on Exmoor so they can be replaced with red ones which are native to the area. Viewers took to Twitter to comment on the squirrel dish, with many finding the idea of eating the cute mammal "appalling". DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield admits talking 'saved me' after Emmerdale storyline  [UPDATE]Phillip Schofield enrages Billie Faiers by being ‘b****y to her'  [LATEST]Jayne Torvill sparks concern among Dancing on Ice fans after injury  [INSIGHT] @FlopsyPickle penned: "Squirrels were introduced by us, they are just trying to live their lives, killing them isn’t the answer to boosting red squirrel numbers #ThisMorning." (sic) Tina raged: "#ThisMorning Squirrel risotto? That’s appalling." Kerry Keys said: "#ThisMorning cheerfully discussing culling squirrels and murdering all cats. Nice. Humans are evil." Fee shared: "#ThisMorning no I couldn’t eat squirrel! I feed them where I live and I like them so I couldn’t!"  However, Bebop said: "If you aren't vegetarian you can't really get squeamish over eating squirrel #ThisMorning." Lorna added: "Holly feeling nauseous over eating squirrel, but would happily tuck into a dead lamb or chicken. The hypocrisy of some meat eaters. #goVegan #ThisMorning." Holly also "hates" the thought of eating fish and has shared her disdain for seafood many times on This Morning in the past. This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV and ITVX. 