Manchester United icon Roy Keane was left speechless after Sky Sports mocked the comparison between the pundit and Ted Lasso character Roy Kent. Keane, alongside Gary Neville, Jamie Carragher and Graeme Souness, were previewing Liverpool vs Manchester United as the trio next to Keane could not hide their laughter. As Kent in the Apple TV show offered similar phrases fans have been used to with Keane, host Kelly Cates pointed out if the panel noticed any similarities between him and Kane. Keane took a long pause before replying: "You're joking? I am a lot nicer than him. Tell the truth." Cates then turned one of Keane's own famous phrases against him as she joked: "He got an Emmy for that performance. Which is ridiculous, because he's only doing his job." There was another silence, before everyone other than Keane shared a chuckle. Neville admitted that he had been watching the show that stars Brett Goldstein as Kent. Souness hadn't, but said that he was definitely going to start after being unable to contain his laughter at the short clip that had Kent compared to Keane. American sports comedy-drama television series Ted Lasso tells the story of an American college football coach, played by Jason Sudeikis, who is hired by a fictional English team called AFC Richmond and his captain is a Kent in the twilight of his playing career, though later embarks on a punditry gig similar to Keane. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans Despite Keane's protests, the show's co-creator Brendan Hunt revealed that the Irishman's clash with Mick McCarthy which resulted in his ejection from the Ireland squad ahead of the 2002 World Cup, was prominent in the thinking behind Kent's character dynamics. "When we were getting into football, [it] was the peak era of Manchester United…that butted up against the Roy Keane soap opera of the 2002 World Cup. And though I was not a Man United fan, and I'm still not, I just was fascinated by Roy Keane," Hunt told Spin 103.8. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears  "When we're putting this together as a show we said, ‘We know that Ted's nice, what is an existing football archetype that he would have to deal with?’ And we could think of no greater obstacle than human bummer Roy Keane in his midst." Keane, in contrast to something Kent may say perhaps, felt that United should relish the challenge that lay ahead of them travelling to Anfield to take on Liverpool. "We never had it easy at Anfield, the crowd will play a huge part in it but United are in a good place," Keane added. "They should be confident and they’ll be at their very best. You see them here [the Carabao Cup final] enjoying themselves, they’ve got big characters, and of course when you win a trophy, they’ve got big players, big personalities, they’re finding ways to win games whether it be set pieces, counter attacks, dominating teams. "You see them all happy in the joy of success but it’s going to be a tough game today, and they should enjoy this challenge of coming to Liverpool. Liverpool are obviously in a difficult position and United are off to a good start - it will be tough for Liverpool to win." 