This week's instalment of Jeopardy! High School Reunion Tournament saw Tim Cho, Caleb Richmond, and Maya Wright go head to head in a game of trivia to earn a place in the upcoming two-part finale, where the winner will bag $100,000. Big Bang Theory star Mayim Bailik is standing in line for Ken Jennings as she hosts the last leg of the tournament.  Wright, an Emory University senior from Peachtree City, Georgia was up against Cho, a senior at Columbia from Champaign, Illinois, and Richmond, a sophomore at Georgetown from Bedford, New Hampshire. The show began with Cho having an early lead after he aced the two first March Madness questions. But Richmond was hot on his heels after he gained momentum and got his first Daily Double question correct, taking his prize pot to $3,200. Going into Double Jeopardy! Cho was leading with $8,200, while Wright with $3,400 and Richmond with $3,200 trailed behind.  Richmond waged $4,018 for the second Daily Double and missed, reducing him to $1,182 and putting Cho in the lead. Cho managed to bag another Daily Double leaving with $9,000, but he then missed the answer reducing his cash to $6,000. These misses made way for a much closer game, as co-host Bialik pointed out to the contestants. In a massive turn of events, Wright risked it all on Final Jeopardy.  But her risk paid off as bagged $15,600, resulting in her proceeding to the Jeopardy! finale. The Emory University senior was beside herself as Bialik congratulated her on winning the semi-final of the quiz show. Wright even got slightly choked up after besting her fellow competitors in such dramatic fashion. This meant Wright became the only previous finalist from the original game show to return to the finals in the High School reunion. Jeopardy!’s official Instagram account noted Wright’s victory in a post that read: “And just like that, they're heading to the #JeopardyHSRT FINALS! Who are YOU cheering for?” One user @Kimgriffincarter commented: “Maya seems like such a lovely, nice person - we’ll be cheering for her!” @carriew1335 added: “So happy that Maya won yesterday and we are hoping that she wins the whole competition. Good luck Maya!” While @Moniquegriffith wrote: “Rooting for Maya, but I have a feeling Jackson is gonna take it. They’re all so sharp. Gives me a little hope for the future.”   27 former Teen Tournament contestants who first battled it out in 2018 and 2019 have competed, and this week marked the return of the semi-finals. The other finalists waiting in the wings to compete against Wright are Jackson Jones and Justin Bolsen. The finals will commence in parts, airing on ABC Wednesday and Thursday this week. Jeopardy continues on ABC in the US.