During her acting days before she became a royal, Meghan Markle ran a lifestyle blog called The Tig. In one post, she spoke about a tasty meal she enjoyed in New York - plus how fellow foodies can make it at home. Avocados are a popular superfood which have become a staple in salads and smoothies when it's not smashed over toast. Meghan recalled a visit to Little Collins, a café with "chic, industrial interior and a "no nonsense menu", according to its website. The now Duchess said that there was one particular meal that tickled her tastebuds - the avocado on toast. She said that this lunchtime snack left her - "and her belly" - rather content. READ MORE: Kate shares Louis' 'favourite' vegetable - not peas or carrots "A few twists on a classic makes for a beautiful balance of textures (creamy, crunchy, salty) soul satisfying bite." This recipe can be made very, very easily at home by any avocado on toast lovers. The ingredients are minimal, and some you may already have at home, meaning you won't be breaking the bank either. The only difficulty with avocados is that they're only creamy and delicious for such a short while before going a bit gross.  Don't miss... 'Incredible' suitcase packing method is the 'best of all time' - claim [HACK] Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  [PICTURES] Facial yoga expert shares five-minute routine to transform your face [EXPERT] There are a few handy hacks, however, which can preserve an avocado for longer. For unripe avocados not yet ready to eat, there are even ways you can ripen them up quickly. The special, show-stopping ingredient in Meghan's favourite avocado toast is Pepitas. Pepitas are a type of pumpkin seed, and translate to "little seeds of squash" in Spanish. READ MORE: Tom Kerridge shares top healthy ingredient to bulk out meals Ingredients Method 1. Gently hand blend the avocado with a pinch of feta cheese, dash of chilli flakes for some kick, one squeeze of lemon, and salt to taste - depending on how salty you like your food. 2. Once mixed into a glorious concoction, dollop onto your slice of multigrain bread and finish with a few pepitas. This will give it a delectable "nom-nom crunch". 3. Tuck in and enjoy this "soul satisfying" meal. It's perfectly healthy and works as a snack, breakfast or lunch.