Showtime’s hit thrilling drama, Yellowjackets will make its long-awaited return to screens this month. Ahead of the season two premiere, the stars ruled out the cannibalistic storyline for Shauna’s (played by Melanie Lynskey) baby.   Yellowjackets became an instant hit with viewers when it first landed in 2021 as it transported viewers back to 1996. The drama followed the lives of the players of a girls’ soccer team as they travelled from New Jersey to Seattle for a national tournament. However, while flying over Canada their plane malfunctioned and crashed deep into the wilderness, leaving the survivors stranded for 18 months. As their story of survival unfolds, the drama also fast-forwards to modern times and detailed how the surviving team members dealt with their trauma. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air  During the premiere, viewers learnt the girls would also be coming face to face with cannibalism after an unidentified teenager is chased, killed and eaten as part of a ritualistic ceremony in the woods. While they tried to reach safety, the stranded girls got their periods except for Shauna (Sophie Nélisse) who discovered she was pregnant. Just days before the plane crash, Shauna slept with her best friend Jackie Taylor's (Ella Purnell) boyfriend, Jeff Sadecki (Jack DePew).  With the knowledge of cannibals in the same wilderness as the stranded girls, viewers raised concerns about Shauna’s baby and its chance of survival. Thankfully for fans, Misty star Christina Ricci lifted the lid on season two and provided a major tease. During her 2022 appearance on The Tonight Show starring Jimmy Fallon, Ricci revealed she asked bosses: “We don’t eat Shauna’s baby, do we?” According to the actress: “They said no.” DON'T MISS...Star Trek Picard pays touching tribute to late original star [INSIGHT]Yellowjackets star Ella Purnell shares huge update on season 2 [INSIGHT]Yellowjackets star Melanie Lynskey defends show's sex scenes [INSIGHT] This was later echoed by Taissa Turner’s Tawny Cypress who confirmed to Entertainment Tonight: “They’re not going to eat the baby. But beheading dogs? Totally.” Although Shauna’s baby won’t face cannibalism, there are questions surrounding the child’s rate of survival. With the lack of food, medical equipment and resources, it’s yet to be seen if the baby will survive the wilderness. Fans have speculated the newborn could suffer a tragic fate, after spotting clues from adult Shauna’s life. In the present day, Shauna married Jeff (Warren Kole) and together they had a daughter Callie (Sarah Desjardins). However, she admitted to feeling disconnected from her family. As Callie is 16 years old, she’s far too young to have been the baby Shauna had in 1996. But the fate of Shauna’s baby remains uncertain, as she has not mentioned any adult children. Fans will have to stay tuned to see how the group will be rescued and if Shauna’s baby will be among the survivors.  Yellowjackets season 2 premieres on Showtimes on Sunday, March 26 in the USA. 