Oil, gas, and transmission fluids can leave a stain on concrete driveways or garage floors that may seem nearly impossible to remove. Oil stains on concrete are also an eyesore that detracts from the beauty of a home. Using some household items, Rowan Cripps, founding director and paving specialist at Infinite Paving, has shared how to tackle stubborn stains like oil on driveways. He said: “An oil stain on your driveway can be frustrating, especially if you’re planning on selling your home at a later date. However, removing an unsightly splatter from a concrete driveway is much easier than you may think. “It’s best to have equipment on hand just in case, especially gloves, as chemicals can be abrasive on the skin, and concrete can easily graze your hands. “In addition to high-quality and thick gloves, having brushes, buckets, and brooms to hand can make any oil stain emergency a breeze. Luckily, several common household items can also do the trick.” The expert first recommended that households assess the situation. He said: “The removal of a stubborn oil stain from your driveway may require several different approaches depending on when the mark happened. READ MORE: Gardener shares ‘only' method to kill ivy without damaging your garden “For example, it is easier to get rid of a recent stain, especially if it is still wet. If so, your best tactic is to remove the liquid from your driveway as soon as possible.” Rowan explained that households can do so by covering the stain with a product that has good absorption such as cornstarch, baking soda, or sand. He said: “These will prevent long-lasting or permanent damage to your driveway.” Baking soda is a great option as most will already have this in their kitchen cupboards, if not it is cheap to buy from local supermarkets. It retails for 59p at Tesco and 65p at Asda. Once the product of choice has removed any excess oil (this should take roughly 30 minutes), sweep away any residue. Next, make a paste. DON'T MISS‘Number one reason’ gardeners end up ‘killing’ their tomato plants [EXPERT]Dehumidifier expert shares how to use appliance to lower energy bills [TIPS]Five features that makes a house look ‘cheap’ - ‘big turn off’ [INSIGHT] Rowan said: “A popular combination is mixing baking soda and water, which should then be spread across the stain. “After sitting for 10 minutes, you can scrub the paste away with water. Driveways are created using concrete, meaning they are able to withstand a good scrubbing - so don’t be afraid to brush as hard as you can.” If scrubbing the oil stain away fails to work, washing the space with soap may be the answer. The expert said: “For newer stains, the oil may also have failed to soak into the concrete. In such circumstances, you might be able to simply rinse the concrete clean.” Another household item Rowan recommended was cola. He said: “One of the more unexpected but effective items on this list, cola actually has a reputation for its capacity to remove or break down old stubborn oil stains. READ MORE: Kitchen design to ‘avoid’ that ‘rapidly’ makes the room feel ‘dated’ “The product contains citric oil, which has a high acidity, helping the beverage to eat away at the stain. For best results, pour two cans onto the stained area and leave them overnight, before rinsing any leftovers away with water.” A bottle of cola can be picked up from Sainsbury’s for 47p, at Asda for 60p and at Tesco for 70p. The paving pro also suggested that WD-40 can be used to remove oil stains. He said: “This item has a reputation for lubricating moving parts, but it also acts as an incredible degreaser. “In certain circumstances, a still-wet and new oil stain can be removed completely using WD-40.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea For older stains, Rowan suggested soaking up any excess oil and spraying a generous amount of WD-40 directly onto the stain and leaving it for five minutes. If this fails to clean the stain, households can also add some liquid dishwasher and scrub this with warm water. Usually responsible for tackling deep-set and difficult oil stains in ovens, households can also use oven cleaner on concrete. Rowan explained: “By leaving the liquid to settle on the driveway stain for 10 minutes before scrubbing and rinsing down, the degreasing agents in oven cleaner can have your concrete looking good as new. “If you notice that the product is working, but has failed to remove all of the stains, repeat the process.”