A young couple found in woodland hanging from the same tree, with messages spray painted on, have been buried together, one of their distraught mothers told an inquest. Charlie Eccleston, 19, and Zaiga Gravenieks, 20, were discovered by a police dog in a remote part of woodland in Shenley, Hertfordshire, on the morning of November 5, 2017. The couple, who had been missing since Halloween, had been traced to the area thanks to Zaiga’s mobile, the hearing at Hatfield heard. Traces of cocaine and cannabis were found in their bodies according to post-mortem examinations, which also concluded they died from asphyxia. Charlie’s mother Jo said in a statement to the senior Hertfordshire coroner Geoffrey Sullivan: “They lived together, died together and at their request were buried together.” Jo said her boy Charlie, from Borehamwood, had had mental health issues since he was 12. According to the bereft mother, her son had shown signs of psychosis and experienced voices telling him to commit suicide. Don't miss... Body found in desperate search for victim of huge Swansea explosion [LATEST] 'Gunfire' sparks extra police powers in Greater Manchester  [LATEST] Former RAF base likely riddled with asbestos chosen to house migrants [INSIGHT] The Mirror reported that the young man was a talented guitarist and singer, who played in a metal band called Desert Smoker. Ms Eccleston said: “Although he had no love for himself he adored Zaige. Zaige was a talented artist. She dreamt of being a tattoo artist. She was stunning beautiful. You could always seen her love for Charlie.” Zaiga, who was from Harpenden, had been diagnosed with Asperger’s Syndrome as well as anorexia, according to her mother Ausma. Ausma said her daughter and Charlie “were deeply in love”. Professor Hilary McCallion, who examined the way in which the couple were treated by mental health professionals, is due to give evidence to the hearing tomorrow. The inquest continues and is expected to last three days. The Samaritans can be reached round the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it’s best to call them on the phone. You can reach them by calling 116 123, by emailing jo@samaritans.org or by visiting www.samaritans.org.