Succession fans are "crying" following the release of tonight's season four finale trailer which teases the collapse of Logan Ray (Brian Cox) and a possible romance for Kendall Roy (Jeremy Strong) in what will be the hit-HBO series' last ever 10 episodes. An official description for the programme's final series hints at "power struggles" and a "divide" amongst the Roys. It appears the battle between Logan and his kids, played by Jeremy Strong, Sarah Snook, Kieran Culkin, and Alan Ruck, is finally reaching its conclusion. The synopsis reads: "The sale of media conglomerate Waystar Royco to tech visionary Lukas Matsson moves ever closer. "The prospect of this seismic sale provokes existential angst and familial division among the Roys as they anticipate what their lives will look like once the deal is complete." READ MORE: Brian Cox urges co-star to 'smoke marijuana' instead of method acting The description adds: "A power struggle ensues as the family weighs up a future where their cultural and political weight is severely curtailed." Fans have already flooded social media with reactions after the explosive trailer dropped on Succession's social media this evening. "Give me 10 more seasons," one demanded. "Why i'm crying over these horrible people in suits," penned another on Twitter. A third wrote: "FINAL SEASON'?????????? ok, not ready for this like AT ALL!!!!!!!!!!!!" Already hailing the season a hit without even watching it, one fan said: "Nah. I'm shaking, crying, throwing up after that 'Succession' trailer. "They ATE. They are sweeping ALL the awards." Hinting at romances, another wrote: "Succession made sure all the popular ships got some crumbs i’m crying." Another Tweeted at HBO bosses: "Well that was exactly what I needed. Looks like you guys are going out swinging big." DON'T MISS: Succession's Jeremy Strong shares 'skill' he uses for key Kendall Roy Edward moves down the line of succession after Eugenie baby news Succession's Brian Cox slams 'high and mighty' JK Rowling critics Showrunner Jesse Armstrong had already detailed their decision to end the Emmy Award-winning programme with the upcoming season. "I’ve never thought this could go on forever," they told the New Yorker. "The end has always been kind of present in my mind. From season two, I’ve been trying to think: Is it the next one, or the one after that, or is it the one after that? "I got together with a few of my fellow writers before we started the writing of season four, in about November, December, 2021, and I sort of said, 'Look, I think this maybe should be it'." After Succession first premiered in 2018, it became an instant hit with viewers as the storyline shifted from a serious family drama to a comical exploration of power and wealth. Season three came to an end with the sale of Waystar Royco to accomplished tech founder Lukas Matsson (played by Alexander Skarsgård) getting closer. Hinting at an even more tumultuous season four, Siobhan star Sarah Snook shared: "At the end of an episode, having something that narratively projects into the next season sets it up quite nicely. "If Shiv knows, but her brothers don’t, and Tom doesn’t know that Shiv knows, there’s a lot of potential there," she told Vulture. Succession season four premieres on HBO on Sunday, March 26 in the USA and on the following Monday on Now TV in the UK.