When Frida Kahlo passed away aged just 47 on July 13, 1954, her death certificate declared the cause of death as pneumonia. But a new documentary reveals the acclaimed Mexican artist may actually have committed suicide via a lethal overdose of painkillers assisted by her husband, Diego Rivera. It is a revelation that will stun her legions of fans all over the globe. Those aficionados include Madonna who, in her estimated $100million art collection, reportedly owns five paintings by Kahlo. Indeed, when she lent one of the artist’s masterpieces, Self Portrait with Monkey (1940), to the Tate for an exhibition in 2001, Madonna said: “Loaning my Frida to the Tate is like letting go of one of my precious children.” In the three-part series Becoming Frida Kahlo, which begins on BBC2 this Friday, Rivera’s grandson, Juan Rafael Coronel Rivera, discloses a secret which has long haunted his family. Discussing Kahlo’s death at her home, La Casa Azul (The Blue House), in Mexico City, he says: “There are some versions that say that Diego helped her. In the family, it’s a taboo. Nobody talks about that.” Does Juan believe that his grandfather assisted Frida’s suicide, then? “Probably. I don’t feel like it’s something wrong. If your companion for all your life tells you, ‘I’m tired, I really want to go, help me,’ well, maybe you try’.” That theory seems entirely plausible. By 1954, Kahlo’s life was a misery. As a child, she suffered from severe polio. But that did not stop her dreaming of becoming a doctor. However, that dream was shattered when, as an 18-year-old, she was involved in a horrific bus accident. A handrail pierced her pelvis and left her unable to have children, causing several miscarriages and stillbirths. From the moment of the accident, the artist was constantly suffering. Following an astonishing 32 operations, her distress had reached such a pitch that she had to have a leg amputated. She said it felt like she was lying on a bed of broken glass. In her paintings, she frequently depicted herself as in extreme pain. Her agony was writ large on the canvas. Her great niece Cristina Kahlo says: “There’s some sort of irony in the fact that someone who wanted to study medicine ended up spending so much time around doctors and hospitals. “She is someone who survived many things – first polio, then the accident. Throughout her life, she had 32 operations and her body was obviously broken. But her independence was broken too, as well as her mobility.” Cristina adds: “Her last year was terrible because of the amputation of her leg, which was a devastating event for her. She lost absolutely all of her vitality, her sense of humour, and love of colour. She had a deep sadness.” Juan chimes in that, at this point, Kahlo: “Started to let herself go. For her, the future was really terrifying, and she decided not to go for that future.” This may well have been the moment that her devoted husband, also an artist, working in murals, decided to help her ease her pain once and for all. The art historian Luis-Martin Lozano, author of Frida Kahlo: The Complete Paintings, says: “Diego Rivera was very much aware that for Frida, living like that was almost impossible. He didn’t want her to suffer that much.” If he did aid her suicide, perhaps Rivera was merely helping his wife to fulfil the desire she had expressed when, shortly before her death, she wrote in her diary: “I await the exit with joy and hope never to return.” Nearly 70 years after her death, Kahlo continues to fascinate a global audience. As well as producing some of the most memorable work of the last century, she also led a life that even a novelist with the wildest imagination would never have dared to invent. She was born the daughter of the Mexican Revolution in 1907 at The Blue House in Coyoacán on the outskirts of Mexico City. A highly committed socialist, in 1927 she joined the Mexican Communist Party, where she met Rivera. The pair, who married in 1929, rapidly became the most celebrated artistic power couple in the world. The rich and famous clamoured to visit them at the Blue House. In 1940, having been expelled from the Soviet Union by his political rival Joseph Stalin, Leon Trotsky pitched up in Mexico, the only country that would take him. Naturally, he went to stay with the nation’s most feted Trotskyite couple, Rivera and Kahlo. Around that time, Kahlo was distraught to discover her serially unfaithful husband was having an affair with her sister, Cristina. Maybe out of revenge, she then embarked on an affair with Trotsky. Luis-Martin explains: “If Diego Rivera crosses a line, it’s with her sister. Nothing hurts her more than that. If she crosses a line in return, it is sleeping with his political mentor. There’s a wonderful leverage in that.” Kahlo always had a very colourful, unorthodox love life. Not someone to conform to bourgeois convention, she advocated free love way before its heyday in the 1960s. In addition to Trotsky, she had affairs with the American artists Isamu Noguchi and Georgia O’Keefe and the American photographer Nickolas Muray, as well as Jacqueline Lamba, the wife of the founder of the Surrealist movement, Andre Breton. Rivera had numerous affairs, too, including with Charlie Chaplin’s wife Paulette Goddard, for whom he divorced Kahlo in 1939. But the artists’ estrangement did not last long. After Trotsky was murdered with an ice pick in Mexico by a Soviet agent in 1940, Kahlo was arrested as his suspected accomplice. Concerned about her safety, Rivera swiftly remarried her so she could emigrate with him to the US and escape the Stalinist spies who were threatening to kill her in Mexico. Kahlo’s physical anguish and turbulent private life only seemed to spur her to greater creative heights. In 1938, she mounted an acclaimed exhibition in New York. Among Kahlo’s greatest attributes as an artist was the fact that she made no concessions to other people. Drawing on a unique combination of Mexican traditional art, religious iconography and Surrealism, Kahlo went on to create numerous other ground-breaking works of art inspired by her physical torment. Among her oeuvre of 143 outstanding paintings, including 55 self-portraits, remains The Broken Column (1944), a quite remarkable post-spinal-op painting of herself as a latter-day Saint Sebastian with a body punctured by arrows and an ugly steel column replacing her spine. At this point, it is amazing that she was able to paint at all. Art historian Marina Vazquez Ramos says: “If we put ourselves in her shoes, I don’t know how she continued painting. She didn’t have the possibility of freeing herself from the pain and illness and fear of death… The one thing that won’t let her die is her love for Diego Rivera.” That undying passion for her husband is the one continuous theme that runs throughout her life. When, with breath-taking generosity, Kahlo forgave Rivera for his affair with her sister, writing to him: “Deep down, you and I love each other very much, and even if we go through countless affairs, we shall always love each other… I love you more than my own skin.” These sentiments also add credence to the idea Rivera may well have helped with his wife’s suicide. Despite the tragic circumstances surrounding her death, Kahlo is now seen as one of the greatest artists of the modern era. The object of so-called “Fridamania”, she is hailed as both a feminist and a revolutionary totem. People connect with her as an emblem of independence, a survivor, a truly indomitable spirit. Nancy Bornat, executive producer of Becoming Frida Kahlo, says: “She represents something to so many people - people who are queer, who are brown or who are different in any way – because she defies categorization. “The reason artists like Kahlo stay talismanic is because they succeed in creating lasting work that allows us to think about all those questions of identity.” Her forbidding gaze stares out from millions of T-shirts. According to art historian Oriana Baddeley, Kahlo’s face has been, “Used with the same regularity, and often with a shared symbolism, as images of Che Guevara or Bob Marley”. Swatch have produced a Frida Kahlo watch, and Frida, the 2002 biopic starring Salma Hayek as the artist, won two Oscars. It’s even possible to purchase stick-on Kahlo eyebrows. The unalloyed human fragility portrayed in Kahlo’s work remains intensely affecting. “She does something that is unique,” says Nancy Bornat. “The feeling that she puts on the canvas is so undiluted, so unapologetic, so direct. Also, it’s so incredibly personal. “But, as with all great artists, the absolutely personal is also completely universal because what Kahlo’s talking about are things that are universally shared, especially by women. Her paintings are about pain, your body, ambition, your place in the world.” One of her works – Diego and I (1949), a self-portrait of a lachrymose Kahlo with a picture of Rivera emblazoned between her eyes – recently sold for an eye-watering £25million, the highest price ever paid at auction for a Latin American artwork. The artist’s very distinctive voice still resonates across the decades, then. Long after her death, people right around the world continue to be deeply moved by Frida Kahlo’s extraordinarily emotional paintings of pain.