A notorious Mexican drugs cartel handed over gang members who allegedly carried out the kidnapping of four Americans which left two dead. The Five Gulf Cartel gang members were found tied up and dumped in the street. Police also discovered a note of apology addressed to the victims' families as they arrested the suspects in the centre of the border city of Matamoros, where the Americans were kidnapped in broad daylight. The Scorpions - a notorious faction of the cartel - said it “decided to turn over those who were directly involved and responsible in the events” related to the March 3 abduction, according to a letter leaked to the Associated Press by a Tamaulipas state law enforcement source. The ambush, the letter states, went against the Gulf Cartel’s policy of “respecting the life and well-being of the innocent". The letter also claimed the five members “acted under their own decision-making and lack of discipline” when they kidnapped victims Latavia “Tay” McGee, Shaeed Woodard, Zindell Brown and Eric James Williams. Mexican authorities found McGee and Williams alive but injured on Tuesday in a wooden shack in an area east of Matamoros. READ MORE: Inside chilling shack where two Americans were found dead in cartel kidnapping The other two friends had been shot dead. The attack also left a Mexican woman dead. The Tamaulipas source also showed a photograph of the five accused men lying bound and face-down on the pavement. A separate source, a state security official, told AP the men were found tied up in a vehicle that is at the centre of the kidnapping investigation. Five friends had driven a rented minivan from South Carolina on Thursday to the southern tip of Texas. Four of them left Friday morning at around 8am to go to Mexico. Don't miss... Chinese rocket carrying three spy satellites implodes over Texas  [INSIGHT] Joe Rogan opens anti-cancel culture comedy club  [LATEST] Prince Harry 'takes all the flack' while his wife 'stands back'  [SPOTLIGHT] Three friends accompanied McGee, who planned to visit for tummy tuck surgery. Cheryl Orange, who did not cross into Mexico with the others, said that her three friends were supposed to return within 15 minutes after dropping off McGee for cosmetic surgery in the Mexican border city of Matamoros on Friday. Orange stayed behind at a motel in Brownsville, Texas, and said she grew concerned as the hours passed and she did not hear from the others. Mexican authorities have said the group was fired on and crashed their van soon after they crossed into Matamoros on Friday, as drug cartel factions tore through the streets. READ MORE: Four Americans 'kidnapped' in Mexico as FBI demands safe return The Americans were hauled off in a pickup truck, and Mexican authorities frantically searched as the cartel moved them around — even taking them to a medical clinic — “to create confusion and avoid efforts to rescue them”, the region’s governor, Américo Villarreal, said on Tuesday. Orange told authorities that she had everyone’s luggage but had been unable to reach them, according to the police report. Mexican authorities found the group ON Tuesday in a wooden shack — guarded by a man who was arrested — in the rural Ejido Tecolote area east of Matamoros on the way to the Gulf area called Bagdad Beach. Williams was treated at the hospital for a gunshot wound to the leg. A GoFundMe set up by one of the victim's family said his relatives hope the “loving son, brother, uncle and friend” receives the “goodbye that he deserves”. Relatives said they grew up as close friends in the South Carolina town of Lake City, a community of less than 6,000 residents in the state’s Pee Dee region. Family members said they agonised for days while waiting to learn whether their loved ones had survived. White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said: "We offer our deepest condolences to the friends and families of those who were killed in these attacks." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews