The Mandalorian season three premiered earlier this month, as it follows Pedro Pascal (Din Djarin) making his way through the outer reaches of the lawless galaxy, after the fall of the Galactic Empire. Despite the huge success of the series, creator Dave Filoni has had to clarify its “not quite to 10 ABY” yet, after fans are confused about the chronological order of the sci-fi franchise. Last week, Filoni put an end to the confusion regarding the timeline of events that followed Din Djarin (Pedro Pascal) leaving Grogu with Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill). The first season of The Mandalorian took place five years after the Return of the Jedi, or in the year 9 ABY (after the Battle of Yavin). So when asked whether the show's third season takes place in the following years, Filoni told TV Line that: "I don't think we're quite to 10 ABY." However, it was also mentioned that seasons one and two of The Mandalorian spanned "many years" and that Grogu was with Luke Skywalker for "two years."  In regards to the Skywalker timeline, Revenge of the Sith and Order 66 happened in 19 BBY, which stands for "before the Battle of Yavin." Meaning if The Mandalorian is set in 9 ABY, around 30 years have passed since Grogu witnessed Order 66 and the rise of the Empire. While the exact chronology of The Mandalorian’s third season still isn't clear, regarding its placement within Star Wars' greater timeline, fans will continue to watch Din Djarin and Grogu together. This comes after creator Favreau recently revealed that season four has already been written. Favreau told BFMTV: "We have to know where we're going to tell a fully-formed story. So we had mapped it out, Dave and I, and then slowly you just write each episode. So I was writing it during post-production [on The Mandalorian Season 3] because all of it has to feel like a continuation, one full story." And one thing fans can be sure of is the finale of season three, after the executive producer and director of the series, Rick Famuyiwa, confirmed that season three would conclude the first phase of their post-Return of the Jedi storytelling. Famuyiwa explained: "So I think if we're doing what we're doing well it's a little bit of both, but I do think there's something. At least for me, that feels like we've reached a kind of a chapter, and we’re ending a chapter in the storytelling by the end of Season 3 that's been built since we first met these two characters, the first season". As for the plot of season three, fans will see the return of Pedro Pascal reprising the role of The Mandalorian, as he makes his way through the outer reaches of the lawless galaxy. The season picks up amid the events of The Book of Boba Fett (2021), with The Mandalorian and his trusty companion, Grogu, travelling to Mandalore. Fans can hope that Din Djarin can redeem himself after his transgressions of removing his helmet.  Development of The Mandalorian season three began in the spring of 2020, and it was officially confirmed for production later that year in December. Filming began in October of the following year, wrapping up all production in late March of 2022. The third season will consist of eight episodes, keeping fans entertained until April 19, 2023. Seasons one and two of The Mandalorian are currently streaming on Disney+.