Nearly three-quarters of women (72 percent) follow a daily “beauty regime” – but 69 percent have purchased a beauty product without fully understanding what it does or what it contains, research has found. More than seven in ten (72 percent) have been left baffled by some of the scientific “buzzwords” used in the industry – including “coenzyme” (68 percent), microneedling (48 percent), and hyaluronic acid (41 percent). One in three don't fully understand what prebiotics or micellar water are, and 36 percent could not define the word “retinol”. The poll of 2,000 women also found that almost two in five (38 percent) were unaware of the role that selenium plays in supporting healthy hair and nails – with wrong answers including something that removes nail varnish, or a liquid to make your lips bigger. And 42 percent didn't know a peptide is a short string of amino acids which can help to make proteins – with many instead believing it’s an underwater current. The research was commissioned by skin, hair, and nail supplement, Vitabiotics Perfectil – which has also created a quiz to test how much of a pro you are when it comes to scientific beauty language. A spokesman for the brand said: “The health and beauty industry is based on scientific advancements, but that means there are often a lot of buzzwords and terms that aren’t always obvious. “All of the buzzwords show the research and science that has gone into that product, allowing people to feel they can trust the product. “But this can mean it’s confusing, and we want to help people have a better understanding of the terms to ensure they are doing the right thing for their skin and appearance.” Despite their cluelessness when it comes to many beauty industry terms, the study also found that as many as 90 percent of women correctly identified that collagen helps to support skin strength, and aids elasticity and hydration. And when it comes to purchasing health or beauty products they don't fully understand, 46 percent rely on its good reviews, while half say they simply have a trust in the brand. One in five have friends who already use that product, and 13 percent have been swayed by seeing beauty influencers use them. But 26 percent of women believe the use of the buzzwords is important, to show how the beauty industry is constantly evolving in scientific development. It also emerged 72 percent of women follow a “beauty regime” where they do the same things every day to maintain their skin, hair, or appearance. This takes them an average of nearly 14 minutes a day, using nine different products. Wrinkles was the top beauty hang-up, followed by dark circles under their eyes, ageing, dry skin, and spots or acne. Others polled, via OnePoll, hate their grey, receding, or fine hair, large pores, and pigmentation issues. The spokesman for Vitabiotics Perfectil, added: “We try to keep things simple and use our scientific expertise in the development of the supplements, combined with a benefit-led approach of how this supports skin, hair, and nails. “This means people can make informed decisions, and be reassured they are doing the right thing for their skin, hair, and nail care routines.”