Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has reportedly told 15 players that they risk being sold if they do not commit to at least three years at Stamford Bridge. The Blues have spent big since the American and his Clearlake Capital Group bought the club from Roman Abramovich in May last year and will need to sell players to make way for any more new arrivals. Boehly has raised eyebrows with his expenditure since becoming Chelsea owner with the Blues forking out over £500million on 16 players during the last two transfer windows. Many of the new arrivals have been given long-term contracts as the 49-year-old looks to plan for the future. It appears he may be expecting the same from some of his current players according to a report in the Telegraph. The American is set to encourage players with less than three years on their contract to commit to extensions, if they do not they risk being sold. 15 players could be affected with their contracts expiring by 2025. The most pressing issue is right now midfielder N’Golo Kante. The Frenchman’s deal runs out at the end of the season but talks over an extension have been ongoing with hopes high that it will be completed. Next are the deals that expire in 2024 with Thiago Silva, Mateo Kovacic, Cesar Azpilicueta, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Christian Pulisic and Mason Mount all involved. Experienced duo Silva and Azpiliceuta are likely to be exempt due to their leadership roles at the club and the Gabon captain is likely to be on the way out soon. The remaining quintet may need to sign new deals soon or start looking for new clubs with Mount and Kovacic among those linked with Premier League opposition. There are some surprising names in the 2025 cohort that could find their Chelsea careers cut short if they do not commit to new deals. Kai Havertz, Ben Chilwell, Conor Gallagher, Lewis Hall, Eduoard Mendy, Kepa Arrizabalaga and Hakim Ziyech are all affected with their futures at the club potentially in doubt. Chelsea are likely to be willing to lose Ziyech after he was close to a move to PSG in January but they will not be as keen on parting ways with the likes of Havertz and Chilwell. It remains to be seen how this situation will play out with the Blues expected to be one of the busiest clubs in terms of business in the coming transfer windows.