Rose Bertram, 28, is a model who has been recently linked to Hollywood actor Leonardo DiCaprio, famous appearing in films such as Titanic and Django Unchained, and for dating much younger women. The Belgian model has now detailed her trip to a "cooch clinic". Rose and Leonardo sparked relationship rumours after being seen together at the Boeuf Sur Le Toit cabaret club in Paris this month. Today Rose took to Instagram and wrote: "Back at my fave place @coochclinic. Body contouring, boosters, face sculpting, intimate care." Cooch Clinic is a spa business specialising in treating women's genitalia. "Cooch" is a slang term for that area of the body. Packages at the special spa, based in Amsterdam, include bleaching and steaming for the intimate area. One £150 spa package is the "smooth peach treatment", an hour-long procedure in which the bottom is checked for blemishes, massaged, and treated with radiofrequency. There is a £400 intimate bleaching package to lighten dark spots in the genital area and a 45-minute "vanicure" which costs £45. READ MORE: 'My parents made a typo on my birth certificate and my real name is absolutely hilarious' Rose and Leonardo sparked relationship rumours after being seen together at the Boeuf Sur Le Toit cabaret club in Paris this month.  The "vanicure" treats the intimate area to an exfoliation, a hydro jelly mask, and a beauty mist. It's described as a "luxurious facial for the intimate area which will bring you ultimate relaxation. During this treatment, the venus mound and skin of the bikini line are cared for and hydrated." There is also the V-Steam, a 45-minute treatment during which the veginal area is steamed. According to the company, this treatment: "Cleanses the uterus of any old traces of menstrual blood or postpartum blood." The company offers various versions of this steaming treatment. One claims it "increases libido" and another claims it "speeds up the healing process after childbirth". However, there is some debate as to whether vaginal steaming is safe and no scientific evidence to suggest it can provide any of the results the Cooch Clinic suggests it does. According to Healthline: "There’s no scientific research to prove whether vaginal steaming is safe. But your vagina isn’t meant to be steam-cleaned." Don't miss... Agitated bartender sick and tired of customers asking for 'no ice' [VIDEO] 'We gave our daughter her name as a bit of a joke - but then it stuck' [SHOCK] Newly-wed couple left devastated after guests did not show for wedding [TIKTOK] "Vaginal steaming may disrupt the natural pH produced by the vaginal microbiome, therefore providing an ideal environment for bacteria that cause vaginal infections to thrive." It added: "It’s unknown how vaginal steam impacts you or a fetus if you’re pregnant. Some herbs may cause miscarriage. So you shouldn’t use steam or herbs on your vagina if you’re pregnant." There have been cases reported of vaginal steaming causing burns to the area. It is not advised to attempt the treatment at home. Rose began modelling at age 13. She has worked for the lingerie brand Agent Provocateur and has been featured in a promotion for the famous Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue. She was previously involved with Dutch football player Gregory van der Wiel, with whom she shares a daughter. Gregory van der Wiel, who is 35, met Rose when she was 17 and he was 28. 