This week’s edition of The Masked Singer introduced two new contestants into the mix, including the biggest group the Fox series has seen across its nine seasons so far. After Polar Bear was unmasked as legendary DJ Grandmaster Flash, viewers were left debating who the five performers behind the California Roll’s stunning two performances could be. Some viewers are still not convinced that a-cappella group Pentatonix, also known as PTX, will be revealed as The Masked Singer newcomers. Although several clues point towards the Texas vocalists being unmasked, some alternative theories have emerged after Wednesday night’s show. While judge Jenny McCarthy agreed with the fans, she also suggested the cast of The Lion King on Broadway could be under the masks. Nicole Scherzinger suggested the stars of Pitch Perfect could be in the rolls, while Ken Jeong had his heart set on High School Musical making a comeback. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 Over on social media, fans have suggested several other groups that could fit the bill. @let_Tgv tweeted: “The California roll is one of the men in the Backstreet Boys. The way he said Backstreet…” Redditor u/ChesterCheevo said: “I'm getting New Kids on the Block vibes.” Before the episode, u/Intelligent_Car_760 posted: “We know that there are four people (at least).” “From an interview with Robin [Thicke] we know they can sing. Do you think it’s all guys, all girls or mixed? And who is your early guess? Mine is Big Time Rush.” To which u/Sly4Good replied: “I can see them being one of three groups. Pentatonix. Big Time Rush. “And there's a small, but not impossible chance it COULD be Hollywood Undead given they're CALIFORNIA rolls.” Some other more outlandish guesses also included K-pop group BTS and 1990s grunge band Nirvana. DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends fans slam Tina for bailing on surgery [BACKLASH]Chicago Fire’s Kelly Severide's exit explained [INSIGHT]Daisy Jones and the Six star recalls ‘embarrassing’ costume blunder [EXCLUSIVE] However, many more fans remained adamant the California Rolls will be revealed to be Pentatonix. Amber Drummond posted during the show: “If California Roll doesn’t win tonight I’ll be SO P****D because there is no f*****g way that is not Pentatonix.” And Katie Spillane tweeted: “California Roll is for sure @PTXofficial. Even though he tried to throw his voice, the way @scotthoying sings is so undeniably distinct and perfect. “Let’s not forget that they were the Canadian group in Pitch Perfect 2, hence the perfect pitch reference.” Pentatonix is formed of Arlington singers Mitch Grassi, Scott Hoying, Kirstin Maldonado, Kevin Olusola, and Matt Sallee, and fans claimed they recognised their dulcet tones throughout the performances. More clues in California Roll’s introduction include references to their Broadway covers and mentions of a tiger, Dolly Parton, and Snoop Dogg. There’s also the inclusion of a map emblazoned with a giant ‘X’, which fans are convinced is also a huge giveaway for PTX. The Masked Singer season 9 continues Wednesdays on Fox in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.