Love Island UK ends tonight. Although, don't panic – this is just the first of two series scheduled for ITV2 / ITVX in 2023. The all-new series started on January 16th and has been airing from 9-10pm GMT every week, Sunday to Friday, for the last eight weeks. But all good things must come to an end ...and so the first Love Island series to be helmed by Maya Jama is coming to a close this evening (Monday March 13, 2023). Throughout the series, comedian Ian Stirling has been in the recording booth providing sarcastic commentary on all of the shenanigans taking place inside the villa, while Laura Whitmore was replaced by all-new host Maya Jama. Yes, following a three-series run from 2020 to 2022, Whitmore announced plans to step away from the hit dating show last year. Love Island 2023 has taken over a new South African villa – the Ludus Magnus estate in Franschhoek, replacing the Mallorca residence used for the series broadcast over the summer. The latter will return for the second helping of Love Island UK scheduled for later this year, with Maya Jama due to return on hosting duties. Things have changed since Love Island was last on our screens – not least, the fact that ITV has ditched its catch-up service ITV Hub and paid-for streamer BritBox in favour of ITVX. The revamped service is now the only way to stream Love Island 2023 live or watch on-demand after the fact. ITVX offers apps for the biggest platforms, including iPhone and Android. If you have Freeview, Freeview Play, Sky Glass, Sky Stream or Sky Q, Virgin TV 360, you'll be able to watch all of the romance, break-ups and challenges on free-to-air channel ITV2. If you miss an episode, you'll need to download ITVX to your set-top box, Smart TV, or satellite box to watch every episode of the show. Unfortunately, ITVX is geo-restricted, which means it is only available to watch for those located in the UK. If you're abroad, you'll need to rely on a VPN to watch Love Island 2023 on ITVX. We'd recommend ExpressVPN, which is currently offering 3 months access for free and 49% off the remaining months. This VPN service earned the full five-stars in our ExpressVPN review. The best VPN allows you to manually change your IP address, which makes it appear as if you're located in another country – allowing you to access TV shows, live sports fixtures, movies, and streaming services not currently available in your current location. Not only that, but VPNs encrypt everything you do online, preventing anyone from keeping tabs on your activity. In some countries, your internet provider is able to sell data on your web browsing habits to advertisers, with a VPN running, even the company that provides your broadband connection won't be able to see what you're doing. Think of it like Incognito Mode, but cranked up to 11. As well as each new episode of Love Island UK as it airs, ITVX includes every single previous series of the rebooted Love Island, which started back in 2015. If you're looking to watch the new series of Love Island from the UK, there are multiple ways to tune-in. From the slew of singletons entering the South African villa to the winning couple splitting the £50,000 cash prize in the grand finale, every episode will be broadcast live on ITV2. The channel is available on Freeview boxes and Freeview-equipped Smart TVs on channel 6, as well as Sky Q, Sky Stream, and Sky Glass boxes on channel 118 (HD) or channel 816 (Standard Definition). Virgin Media customers will need to tune-in to channel 176 (HD) and channel 115 (Standard Definition). And finally, Freesat viewers will need to head to channel 113 for ITV2. Of course, UK viewers can also use ITVX to watch everything live or on-demand. Each episode of Love Island will be available to stream live as it airs on terrestrial telly, with the on-demand version of the show accessible after the broadcast. ITVX is accessible for free, with advertising funding the service. However, those who want to watch the episodes on-demand without the ad breaks can pay £5.99 per month or £59.99 per year to remove all adverts from the streamer. Dubbed ITVX Premium, the upgrade also brings exclusive boxsets from BritBox into the catalogue, thousands of exclusive ITV X shows, and the ability to download episodes onto your device to watch anywhere – even without Wi-Fi. ITVX is currently offering a 7-day free trial of its Premium service. You might've noticed the ITV Hub app has vanished from your Smart TV, iPad, iPhone, Android phone or tablet. But don't worry, it's still possible to watch every episode of the new series of Love Island UK without the popular streaming and catch-up service. Love Island is broadcast on ITV2 in the UK every evening. The channel is available on Freeview boxes and Freeview-equipped Smart TVs on channel 6, as well as Sky Q, Sky Stream, and Sky Glass boxes on channel 118 (HD) or channel 816 (Standard Definition). Virgin Media customers will need to tune-in to channel 176 (HD) and channel 115 (Standard Definition). If you watch to watch Love Island online or catch-up after it's aired, ITVX is an all-new streaming app that has replaced ITV Hub. This free-to-use app and website works in exactly the same way as ITV Hub, so if you're familiar with how to stream on-demand episodes or download shows to watch offline with that service, you'll have no trouble working ITVX. If the ITV Hub app on your device hasn't been replaced automatically with ITVX (this happened for some Sky TV box owners, but likely didn't with some other gadgets) you'll need to head to the app store and search for "ITVX" to download the new software. On Windows, Chromebooks or Mac, you'll need to launch your web browser and head to itvx.com. Want to watch the brand-new series of Love Island from anywhere? You'll need a VPN, or Virtual Private Network, installed on the iPhone, Android, iPad, Windows PC, Fire TV Stick, MacBook, or whatever device you're planning to watch on. For those who don't know, VPNs are clever apps that re-route all of your internet traffic via an encrypted tunnel – shielding it from advertisers, prying eyes, bad actors, and more. Since everything is encrypted, your personal details and data are better protected. It's the reason that most companies require all employees to use a VPN to work remotely. Since your internet traffic is being re-routed, it's easy for VPNs to push your traffic via different server locations across the planet, making it appear as if you're connecting to the internet from another part of the globe. Switching server locations will change your IP address – the string of numbers that identifies your device (and your current location) to online services and websites. This is what allows Google Maps to generate turn-by-turn directions from your current location, retailers to tell you which of its branches is closest to you, or takeaway websites to work out the best delivery address for you. For those looking to stream from catch-up services, sports fixtures, or streamers not available in every country worldwide ...it's the IP address that can blocks you from watching. If you're hoping to watch ITV X from anywhere on the planet, all you'll need to do is select a VPN server in the UK, wait for the connection to be established, and voila! Head to your web browser and head to ITV X as you normally would and everything should work exactly identically to when you're watching from your home in the UK. This is perfect for anyone travelling with work or on holiday who doesn't want to miss a single episode. If you haven't already got a VPN subscription, we'd recommend either ExpressVPN or NordVPN. Both of these services are superb choices, with minimal impact on your download speeds despite the vast distances being travelled (perfect when streaming high-quality video), offer bundles with other useful applications (password managers, secure online storage), and boast server locations across dozens of countries. Here are a few simple steps on how to do... To watch episodes that are already live, head to ITVX. Remember, you'll need to make sure you have a valid TV license to watch any UK TV show when overseas. The all-new season of Love Island UK launched on streaming service Hulu on January 30 in the United States. The Walt Disney-owned streamer has exclusive rights to the ITV2 dating show in the USA, with subscribers able to watch the drama unfold with or without adverts depending on the cost of their monthly subscription. Ad-supported subscription plans for Hulu start from $7.99 per month, with the option to bundle sports coverage from ESPN and Disney+ for $9.99 per month. Pricier plans offer access to Hulu without interruptions from adverts too. If you're new to Hulu, you'll be able to sign-up for a one-month free trial. During that time, you'll be able to binge-watch as much Love Island UK as you can manage – without paying a thing! Of course, just like UK viewers who are abroad for work or holidays, those in the United States can stream from ITVX using a VPN too. We'd recommend ExpressVPN due to its minimal impact on download speeds, varied server locations across the globe, and 49% off monthly subscription cost when you sign-up for a longer plan. ITVX is a replacement for ITV Hub, which was itself a rebrand of ITV Player. ITV Hub launched back in November 2015 and became the only way to stream live content from ITV and catch-up with previously-aired episodes of its hit shows. ITVX was gradually rolled-out, starting November 17, with existing apps on Sky Glass, Sky Stream, Virgin TV 360 and other set-top boxes switching to the new branding overnight without any input from viewers. However, it was technically released on December 8, 2022. At its core, ITVX is very similar to ITV Hub – it offers access to live streams of all ITV channels (ITV1, ITV2, ITV3, ITV4, ITV Be) and on-demand episodes of shows that have already aired on ITV channels. With the rebrand to ITVX, the broadcaster is refocusing its efforts on streaming and wants viewers to think of ITVX as a competitor with the likes of Netflix, Disney Plus, and Prime Video ...rather than an online alternative to ITV+1 that you'll only use if you forgot to hit 'record' on your Sky Q box. As such, ITVX has launched with a number of exclusive new series that currently have no broadcast date on ITV's terrestrial channels, including all-new dramatisation Litvinenko starring David Tennant, which tells the true story of the poisoning of an ex-Russian spy across four episodes. ITVX also launched with a four-part psychological thriller called Without Sin starring Vicky McClure, and cold war drama A Spy Among Friends with Damian Lewis and Guy Pearce. As it stands, the only way to watch these shows is to download ITVX, something that never happened with ITV Hub. If you were able to watch ITV Hub on your phone, tablet, set-top box or console... then chances are, you'll be able to download and watch ITVX. The broadcaster has ensured that viewers who are used to streaming ITV shows and boxsets will not be cut-off following the splashy new rebrand. The full list of platforms that support ITVX are... Unfortunately, ITVX restricts its content to those living outside of the UK. While it was previously possible to stream everything available on ITV's catch-up service, then branded as ITV Hub, from countries outside of the UK for an optional monthly fee, this option has been ditched in the revamp to ITVX. The explanation behind the change is due to the UK's decision to leave the European Union, ITV explains on its FAQ. "Since the UK has left the EU, the portability law that allows digital content to be accessed across Europe will no longer apply. In order to make sure we're ready for this change, you will no longer be able stream catch up programmes outside of the UK." It's possible to download episodes of your favourite show to view offline – on a plane or train, for example – with the ITVX app on your iPhone, Android, or iPad. This feature also allows you to watch episodes, documentaries, and films outside of the UK ...however, it's not a good solution for a show like Love Island, which airs new episodes every evening. To access ITVX just like you would when sitting on the sofa at home, you'll need a VPN running on the same device as the streaming service. We've got all of the instructions you need to get everything up-and-running from anywhere in the world below. Love Island UK used to be available to stream without adverts on Netflix UK, but sadly, the show was removed from the service in April 2019. Netflix UK viewers had been able to stream the first three seasons of the show after it returned in 2015. After it was pulled from Netflix UK, new series of Love Island were no longer added to the streamer after they finished airing on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Instead, on-demand episodes could only be viewed on ITV Hub and BritBox UK, which offered ad-free viewing and downloads to watch offline, for a monthly subscription fee. Searching for Love Island on Netflix UK these days will only return alternatives, including Too Hot to Handle and Love is Blind. Both of these shows were exclusively commissioned for Netflix UK, so you won't find these anywhere else. In the USA, Love Island USA remains in the Netflix catalogue. UK viewers who want to see what the Stateside version of the ITV2 dating show, which is narrated by Scottish comedian Iain Stirling – just like the UK show, will need to use a VPN to access the American library from the UK. We'd recommend ExpressVPN to stream Netflix US in the UK, due to its 3 months free deal and the fact that it has a dedicated team tasked with unblocking server locations for UK viewers trying to pair a VPN with Netflix. Love Island is a reality TV show that first premiered on the UK's ITV2 network in 2005 under the title Celebrity Love Island. The show is a dating competition in which a group of single men and women, known as Islanders, live together in a villa in a beautiful tropical location. The islanders are constantly under surveillance and are required to couple up with each other in order to remain on the show. Throughout the series, the islanders participate in various challenges and activities in order to win prizes for the villa and get to know one another. The audience is never sure whether the relationships being formed are genuine ...or purely for the cameras in order to avoid elimination and be in with a chance to win the cash prize. The show was co-created by Richard Cowles, who was also responsible for creating other successful reality TV shows such as I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! and Hell's Kitchen. The first series of Love Island was set in Fiji and featured only 11 islanders, with the first couple to win the show being Jayne Middlemiss and Fran Cosgrave. The series was not an immediate hit and received mixed reviews, but it was enough to warrant a second series the following year. However, the failure of the second series – broadest during the spring-summer season – to gain traction led to the cancellation of the show in November 2005. Years later, the co-creator of the show pitched a reworked version of the show, which debuted in 2015. Unlike the original version, there would be no celebrities featured, with everyday people parachuted into the villa instead. Caroline Flack replaced Patrick Kielty, Kelly Brook and Fearne Cotton on presenting duties. Although the 2015 series wasn't a runaway success, the fanbase for the show has steadily grown each summer. The following seasons of Love Island have become more popular and culturally relevant with each iteration, with a peak audience of 5.61 million viewers tuning in every night during the fifth season of the rebooted Love Island, which saw Amber Gill and Greg O'Shea claim the £50,000 prize fun. The show's success led to numerous spin-offs in other countries around the world, including Australia (which is also popular in the UK) and the United States, to name a few. The dating show has become an important part of British popular culture, and it has launched the careers of several contestants who have gone on to become celebrities in their own right. Despite the criticism and controversy that the show has faced over the years, Love Island continues to be a major commercial and critical success for ITV and has become a permanent fixture in the UK's television landscape. MORE LIKE THIS