NBA legend Shaquille O’Neal has hit out at Ja Morant and insisted the Memphis Grizzlies star is ‘not a rapper’ after the team suspended him. Last Friday, the two-time All-Star posted footage on Instagram where he could be seen dancing topless in a club before he appeared to lift a firearm to the side of his head. Morant is one of the rising stars in basketball but he has repeatedly hit headlines for the wrong reasons recently. The 23-year-old has a $200million contract with the Grizzlies alongside lucrative deals with Nike and Powerade, which makes his recent behaviour all the more confusing. The controversial video was widely circulated on social media, and the NBA soon confirmed they were investigating the video while the Grizzlies later released a statement declaring Morant would be absent for the next two matches, which was updated on Wednesday to be the next four games. Morant apologised for his actions after Memphis announced his suspension. While Morant admitted he was in the wrong and intended to work on his behaviour, O’Neal expressed disappointment. The Los Angeles Lakers icon and four-time NBA champion called on Morant to think of his loved ones and the responsibility that comes with the platform of being a professional basketball player. READ MORE: When will LeBron's son Bronny James enter the NBA “It was a bad choice. It was a bad decision,” O’Neal said on the TNT pre-game show on Wednesday. “We have to stop putting ourselves in positions where they can take away what we've worked so hard to get to. He needs to think about the outcome. It’s no excuse for what he did, but remember he pressed the button his phone. “Why are you in the club with no shirt? Why are you walking around with a weapon? Why’d you hit the live button? “Think of the higher power. I feel for him now, but I also feel for his mother and father. What are they going through? So guys, before you make a dumb decision - not a mistake, a dumb decision, a dumb choice - think of the higher power. Your mother, your father, your children. Don't miss... Steph Curry has huge net worth with NBA contract bigger than Mbappe's [LATEST] James Harden and Philadelphia 76ers snap Bucks' NBA win streak [LATEST] NBA star Ja Morant breaks silence after suspension over 'gun video' [LATEST] “You got to have enough common sense to know that wasn't going to go the way you wanted it to go. You're not a rapper, you're an NBA player. I don't know where you're from, I don't know who's hanging out with you - that don't matter. When it's you making the decision, you gotta be smart.” Last Saturday, Morant released his statement apologising for the footage, which read: “I take full responsibility for my actions last night. I’m sorry to my family, teammates, coaches, fans, partners, the city of Memphis and the entire Grizzlies organisation for letting you down.  “I’m going to take some time away to get help and work on learning better methods of dealing with stress and my overall well-being.” He led the 38-26 Grizzlies to second-place in the Western Conference, although they have since slipped to third and find themselves seven games behind the leading Denver Nuggets. Memphis take on the Golden State Warriors - the reigning NBA champions - in their next contest on Thursday night.