The Royal Family and the Sussexes still have "a bit of tension" over Archie and Lilibet's royal titles, a royal expert has claimed. The childen's titles on the official Royal Family website's line of succession was "swiftly changed", following Meghan and Harry's announcement on Wednesday. Speaking on the latest edition of the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer discussed the "tension" still arising in between the Royal Family and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Recalling a second statement released by the couple during "the early hours of yesterday", Mr Palmer said the couple stated "their children's positions had been settled for some time", defending their own decision to grant their children the use of the titles. The Sussexes also stated that the "Palace was aware of this", despite the lack in an earlier update on the website. Mr Palmer added: "Source at the Palace have been trying to say in the last couple of days that they were waiting for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to make their wishes known before they said anything publicly and updated the line of succession". Prior to its change of stating the children as 'Prince Archie of Sussex' and 'Princess Lilibet of Sussex', they were known by 'Master' and 'Miss'. In the second statement, released by the couple, they added it is a "birthright" for the two children to hold the titles as soon as their grandfather became monarch. referring to a 1917 royal protocol. In the royal protocol, which dates back to 1917, King George V issued a letter patent meaning the grandchildren of the monarch have the right to HRH titles, but not great-grandchildren. On Wednesday, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex revealed the couple's 21-month-old daughter had been christened in the US last week. In the statement, the Sussexes' only daughter was styled as 'Princess Lilibet Diana'. Their public announcement marked an end to speculation over whether the King ascended the throne would mean Archie and Lilibet would receive royal titles. The two children, who now live in America with Harry and Meghan, were not previously known under a HRH title. Unlike Archie, who was born in the UK when the couple were still senior royals, Lilibet was born in America. Don't miss... Lilibet christening 'mystery' over Harry and Meghan's timing of event [LIVE] POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [POLL] Why Lady Louise missed out on royal title as fans rage at 'sexism' [LATEST] Last week, a spokesperson for the couple also confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have received an invite to King's upcoming Coronation in May. However, the spokesperson declined to immediately reveal if the King's olive branch offer would be accepted by the couple.