Mrs Hinch - real name Sophie Hinchliffe - rose to fame after she started sharing cleaning tips and tricks online. Now with more than four million followers, fans of the social media sensation regularly take to dedicated Facebook pages to share their own hacks. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman asked for some advice when it came to her washing machine. Washing machines can grow mould if they are not aired out properly or cleaned regularly. This is most common under the seal towards the front of the washing machine. Luckily, there are ways to get rid of it as well as give the washing machine a deep clean. READ MORE: ‘Perfect’ baking powder solution to kill weeds on your patio or drive Faiza Zahoor wrote: “Does anyone have any ideas on how to get rid of washing machine seal mould? “I’ve just moved into a new rental property and this is the washing machine. I’ve tried so many products and they haven’t really helped much.” Mrs Hinch fans rushed to the comments to share how to get rid of the mould. Amba Wickstead said: “Try some actual mould remover spray. Just make sure you put the machine on a rinse cycle after using it so it doesn’t ruin your clothes.” DON'T MISS:Doris Day: Inside £4.2million yellow Californian mansion [PICTURES] Teresa Wong agreed and wrote: “My daughter just moved into a student flat and hers was like this. I got mould spray and left it for a few hours. “Then I rinsed and scrubbed with a toothbrush. Did it again a couple of days later and then used a washing machine cleaner, all disappeared now.” Elisa Peake commented: “I find it doesn’t matter what product I use as long as I use a toothbrush, it really helps and so cheap.” Other group members recommended using white vinegar. Alison Whiteman said: “Soak a rag in white vinegar and lay it inside the rubber before leaving it overnight. Then put it on a hot wash with a couple of capfuls of vinegar…should stop any mould.” Leaving the door open after use is also recommended to help allow the water to dry out. As well as cleaning the seal, the actual washing machine drawers including the drum also need to be cleaned regularly. Sharing advice on the same Facebook page, one woman shared how she managed to get her washing machine to “sparkle”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Mia Powell commented: “Love cleaning my washing machine, only used two products too. “Put soda crystals in the drum along with white vinegar and then put it on a wash without any clothes.” The Mrs Hinch fan explained that she also used some scented disinfectant to help get rid of any smells in the machine. Mia added that she used half a bag of soda crystals as well as a couple of capfuls of white vinegar. Both soda crystals and white vinegar are affordable and can be picked up at supermarkets.