The Coronation of King Charles and his wife Queen Camilla, will take place on May 8 with his son Prince Harry and Meghan Markle receiving an official invitation, despite comments made about the Royal Family in the Duke's memoir Spare. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Lizzie Cundy said the Sussexes should "stay away". Speaking at the Together For Short Lives ball in London, Lizzie said it would be "awkward" and "dangerous" for Meghan and Harry to attend the Coronation. She explained: "I personally don't think they should. "Number one, it's a security risk with him saying about the Taliban. "He's not only put himself in danger but he's put his family as well as the nation [in danger]. READ MORE: Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series "So personally for that reason I don't think they should go." Lizzie went on to add: "I also think it would be very awkward. "I think they will be booed and for their own sake - the country has seen them for what they are, America, over the pond has seen them for what they are - stay away." She added it would be for their "own good" to stay in Montecito rather than distracting from King Charles' big day. Touching on the news, Meghan and Harry were asked to vacate Frogmore Cottage, Lizzie said it proved Charles is "not weak". Asked about the King's decision, Lizzie exclaimed: "Hurrah, at last. "King Charles is showing he has really got the crown jewels and he is showing he's in charge and the boss. "I'm so pleased he has taken control, I know he doesn't like confrontation. DON'T MISS...Kirstie Allsopp blasts 'privileged’' Prince Harry’s drugs admission [LATEST]King Charles spotted for first time since evicting Harry and Meghan [PICTURES]Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’ [LATEST] "I know he's weak at times but now he's showing his real strength. "And this is the start, we have got the coronation, which is the best thing." Harry and Meghan moved into Frogmore Cottage in 2018 after their wedding at a cost of £2.4 million to the taxpayer. However, after stepping down as senior royals, the couple repaid the funds in full. Most recently, the pair celebrated their daughter Lilibet's first birthday. It's not yet known if the Sussexes will fly back to the UK for the King's Coronation. They told The Times "an immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time".