Manchester United have been sent an exciting verdict of their Argentine starlet Alejandro Garnacho as the winger has been tipped to challenge at the very top of football. The 18-year-old has had a breakthrough season at Old Trafford and has often been Erik ten Hag’s first port of call when the Dutch boss attempts to change the game off the bench. Garnacho did not feature in the Carabao Cup final victory over Newcastle on Sunday, but has made 26 appearances in all competitions and scored on three occasions. The teenager has also reportedly agreed a new contract that will keep him at the club until 2028. United clearly have high hopes for Garnacho but former midfielder Paul Parker has even tipped him to challenge for the Balon d’Or, though despite having the “potential” he did not want to put too much pressure on the starlet. “Garnacho is way better when he is being subbed on than when he is in the starting lineup,” Parker told MyBettingSites. “It seems like he doesn’t have the energy to play 90 minutes but he is a really talented player. I would even say Ballon D’or potential but I don’t want to put too much pressure on a young lad like him. And he still has a lot to learn but he has a massive potential. “I’m very pleased that he seems to sign a new contract now, which was the right decision for him. He shouldn’t be playing for Juventus or Real Madrid, that wouldn’t make any sense. The fact that he now signs a new contract will also make Erik ten Hag focus a bit more on his development. He has to work with his mentality because he is not disciplined enough on and outside the pitch.” Ten Hag has been impressed with the youngster but hopes he can add more final product to his game in order to elevate himself into the upper echelon of young forwards. The Argentina youth international has three goals this season, but the Dutchman offered him some advice after the 2-2 draw with Leeds this month.  “He is doing well, he has an impact on our game, he is a threat, also [against Leeds], he had good actions, he was lively, created chances, but had to score,” he said. “And finally, it’s about that – that you have an effect. As a striker you have to at least be on the scoring list, the assist list, the key action list, to have the right impact. “Of course, we expect him also to do the other stuff [such as pressing] but as a Man United player, we expect you to have an impact to influence the score, to influence the result, to positively influence the game by scoring goals and having an assist.”