The 64-year-old actress made an emotional tribute at the 95th Academy Awards as she shared a teary-eyed speech on stage. However, her win was soon overshadowed online by an outcry from viewers claiming Angela Bassett, Stephanie Hsu and Hong Chau were ignored and overlooked. After 45 years as an actress, Jamie clutched her first ever Academy Award, taking to the stage in bouts of sobs to accept the Best Supporting Actress Oscar. As Ariana Debose called out her name, Jamie could be seen yelling: “No, shut up!” in disbelief, while her competitor Angela began crying. In her emotional speech, she thanked her co-stars in Everything Everywhere All At Once as well as her family. She shared: "I know it looks like I am standing up here on my own but I am not. There are hundreds of people and hundreds of people.” READ MORE: Ricky Gervais issues defiant expletive response as he’s called to step in as Oscars host Jamie emphasised this point adding: “We just won an Oscar.” Despite her teary speedh, some viewers were furious that she had won at all, surpassing Angela, Hong, Kerry Condon and even her own costar Stephanie, who leapt to her feet in excitement when Jamie’s name was called. Fans were particularly frustrated that Angela’s role in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever was overlooked, where she played the grieving mother of T’Challa while grieving the real loss of her costar Chadwick Boseman. ErinMPeyton declared on Twitter, angrily typing in caps: “THEY GAVE JAMIE LEE CURTIS AN OSCAR FOR A MOVIE SHE WAS BARELY IN BECAUSE THAT STUPID INDUSTRY BEEN IGNORING HER HER WHOLE CAREER…ONLY TO ALSO IGNORE ANGELA BASSETT WHO IS BEYOND DESERVING OF THAT AWARD.” Ghostinmypocket added: “Can’t believe Stepanie Hsu, who played a depressed immigrant daughter traveling throughout the universe to find a version of her mother who loved her, lost to an IRS agent.” Many also declared that Jamie’s win was long overdue, claiming she should have won her first Oscar two decades ago for her role alongside Lindsay Lohan in Freaky Friday. Jamie sparked a bit of backlash herself during her speech, as she paid tribute to her family saying: “And my mother and father were both nominated for Oscars in different categories, I just won an Oscar." The daughter of actors Janet Leigh and Tony Curtis sparked some outrage online over this last sentiment, as the debate over which actress should’ve won morphed into a nepotism discourse. Don't miss... Emily Ratajkowski and Eva Longoria wow in sheer Oscars afterparty look [LATEST] Hugh Grant blasted as 'rude' in painful Oscars chat and rolls his eyes [LATEST] Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [LATEST] MitchellJensen7 wrote on Twitter: “This is exactly why no one respects the Oscars!!!! JAMIE LEE CURTIS???? ARE WE SERIOUS????? NEPOTISM AT ITS FINEST.”(sic) However, the actress has a fair amount of support as her fans flocked to her defence, as SavageBeast88 argued: “Everyone mad because Jamie Lee Curtis won well tough she deserves it and please stop making it that she's white and a nepotism baby. That s**t gets old quick.”(sic) Dxoconnor added: “Nepotism might get you a couple roles, but it does not get you 40 years in the movie industry. Talent does that.” Among Jamie's supporters was celebrated actor John Cleese, who referenced the 1988 film A Fish Called Wanda they co-starred in together in a sweet tweet: "Congratulations to Jamie Lee Curtis on her Oscar! A wandaful performance." Jamie wasn’t the only star from Everything Everywhere All at Once to leave the Californian venue with an Oscar on Sunday. Ke Huy Quan won Best Supporting Actor, paying homage during his speech to his mother and brother, who were “at home watching”. He added: “My journey started on a boat. I spent a year in a refugee camp and somehow I ended up here on Hollywood’s biggest stage. “They say stories like this only happen in the movies. I cannot believe this is happening to me – this is the American dream.” The film’s lead Michelle Yeoh also made Academy Award history as the first Asian star to win the Best Actress Oscar.