Prince William visited the Welsh Guard for the first time since King Charles created him Prince of Wales on Wednesday. Accompanied by Kate, the heir to the throne looked dapper in his uniform as he watched the St David's Day Parade. However, this momentous visit risks being overshadowed by the report the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are being evicted by King Charles from Frogmore Cottage, their official home in Windsor. Omid Scobie, who penned an unofficial biography of the Sussexes, reported a source claiming the pair were given until the early summer to vacate the property, which has been their official residence in the UK since early 2019. The biographer described the reported decision by King Charles as a "crushing blow" dealt to Prince Harry, which shows just how sour the relationship between father and son has turned. The Prince and Princess of Wales appeared unfazed by the frenzy created by the claims of the eviction. Prince William delivered a speech this morning, in which he said he was "honoured and delighted" to be the regiment's new Colonel. He added: "I’m sorry that my father couldn’t be here with us today to say farewell, but I know he would talk of his fierce pride and admiration for you all, and of his own sadness to be moving on from an appointment he held so dear since 1975." William also followed the tradition of presenting during the parade leeks to the Officers and Guardsmen, who in turn issued them along the ranks. Kate was seen receiving and sharing leeks with relatives of the officers. The parade ended with a march past William, who took the royal salute as his wife proudly looked on. As the parade ended, Their Royal Highnesses joined the Prince of Wales's company for an official portrait. They later joined members of the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards and their families, as well as a group of troops from the 5th Royal Australian Regiment. The latter is currently in Britain to help with the training of the Ukrainian troops, which Britain started providing alongside international partners more than six months ago. READ MORE: Coronation chair gets a revamp as hidden detail shows past Last month, King Charles visited one of the training facilities in southern England where Ukrainians are undertaking a 35-day course which makes them battle ready and sent back to Ukraine to fight against the Russian invasion. Through this course, more than 10,000 soldiers were prepared over the past six months, and in early February Prime Minister Rishi Sunak pledged to carry on with this course throughout this year, adding jet pilots will also be trained. Today's engagement comes a few months after Buckingham Palace announced a shake-up of military patronages. In line with his new title, William was appointed by King Charles Colonel of the Welsh Guards, while Kate took on the role of Colonel of the Irish Guards, previously held by her husband. Queen Camilla, already Colonel-in-Chief of the Rifles, was also appointed Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, a title Prince Andrew held until January last year. The St David's Day Parade comes after Kate and William spent a day in South Wales on Tuesday. Together, they visited a centre helping people recover from addictions and a leisure and sports facility, where they challenged each other to a 45-second race - won by the Princess. The day of engagements ended with a visit to the Wales Air Ambulance, of which William officially became the patron yesterday.