Sony usually announces its new line-up of televisions at the CES technology show in Las Vegas but the Japanese tech firm remained usually quiet when this event got underway back in January. Now, after two months of waiting, we finally know what Sony has in store for its big screens and they certainly look impressive plus they could save you cash on the electricity bill. A total of four new models have been announced for 2023 with all getting pin-sharp displays and an updated Cognitive Processor XR which uses clever AI to make sure that all content looks bright, clear and packed with detail. As well as looking good, Sony's tellies might actually help to reduce energy consumption thanks to a new and easily accessible Eco Dashboard which makes changing the settings much less complicated. Reducing the brightness and enabling features such as automatic power saving can shave some money off the monthly bills and Sony is hoping this all-in-one menu will improve the experience for consumers. Of course, watching TV isn't just about the visuals. The way things sound are also vital if you want a fully immersive experience and Sony reckons it has that covered as well. That's all thanks to the new models offering something called Acoustic Center Sync. This synchronises the TV’s audio system with the centre channel of a compatible Sony soundbar turning it into the centre speaker for the ultimate at-home experience. It seems impressive but we'll have to wait for the reviews to start flooding in before we'll know if it's really as good as it sounds. One final upgrade that's worth a mention will please anyone who owns a PlayStation 5. Exclusive features are coming to the new range including Auto HDR Tone Mapping and Auto Genre Picture Mode, for optimised picture quality while gaming and streaming. Other features include an easy-to-use Game Menu where users can tailor their settings - such as turning on Motion Blur Reduction - with quick access. The Game Menu can also increase the brightness in dark areas to easily spot objects and opponents. And new to this year is the ability to customise the size of the screen to help users concentrate on the action. The A95L model also features Multi-View, where users can watch walk-throughs and gameplay guides side-by-side while simultaneously playing their favourite titles. Just like previous Sony TVs, the new range has full access to Google TV plus there are simple ways to control things on the screen via voice controls. “Sony’s new BRAVIA TVs are made to entertain – whether you’re a sports lover, movie fan or a gamer, BRAVIA is the best choice”, said Masashi Takiguchi, current Head of Pan-European Home Entertainment and Sound and the incoming President of Sony Europe. “The new models are uncompromising in realising our vision and bring together decades of Sony’s expertise in the TV, film and gaming industries.” These latest TVs will launch soon and include the X95L Mini LED, X90L Full Array LED, A95L QD-OLED and A80L OLED.