Manchester United are set to have to do without Casemiro for the foreseeable future following his red card against Southampton on Sunday. The Brazil international is now primed to miss the club’s next four matches. And that’s a hammer blow for Erik ten Hag given just how reliant his team are on the 31-year-old, who has impressed ever since his summer arrival from Real Madrid. Manchester United had gone into Sunday’s match against Southampton looking to bounce back in the Premier League after a 7-0 mauling at the hands of Liverpool days previously. And though they were able to avoid defeat, it was still a disappointing day at the office. Casemiro’s red card represents a major blow, with United now primed to call upon the likes of Fred and Scott McTominay - who both pale in comparison to their team-mate. Fortunately for the club, the summer transfer window is fast approaching. And with Casemiro prone to disciplinary problems on the pitch, it’s clear the Red Devils require cover. So Express Sport will now take a look at four players they could sign at the end of the season. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players When it emerged Christian Eriksen would be out until the latter stages of the season in January, many fans lobbied on the club to land Youri Tielemans. In the end, that didn’t happen with Marcel Sabitzer touching down from Bayern Munich instead. But Tielemans is yet to renew his Leicester contract, which is due to expire at the end of the season. Sure, his signing wouldn’t be as exciting as potential deals for Frenkie de Jong and Jude Bellingham, who are both interesting the Red Devils. Yet Tielemans is a top player and would give United another strong option in the middle of the park. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Over the past couple of months, there’s been talk of N’Golo Kante potentially staying at Chelsea. However, like with Tielemans, his current contract is due to expire in the summer and no renewal has been penned. United eyed a potential swoop for Kante in 2019, back when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost, believing there was a chance of luring him away from the capital. In the end, that ship sailed. Yet Kante, on his day, remains one of the best players in world football. And if Chelsea don’t want him, there’s no denying he’d be a useful free agent for United to target. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here In a parallel universe, Adrien Rabiot would already be a United player. The Red Devils were keen on the Juventus midfielder last summer, even engaging in dialogue with the player’s agent mother, Veronique. Ultimately, the demands of Rabiot and his camp scuppered his chances of moving to Old Trafford on that occasion. Fast-forward to now, and the France international’s stock has been enhanced after a string of strong showings at the World Cup in Qatar. Rabiot has baggage but, if United can sign him for free and keep him happy, he’d be the perfect alternative to Casemiro. Another player who could have been a United player already is Toni Kroos. The Germany international was a target for David Moyes in 2014, only for the Scot’s sacking to see everything change. Kroos has since proceeded to establish himself as one of the best midfielders of his generation, winning every major trophy while in Spain. However, at the current time of writing, Real Madrid are yet to tie him down to an extension. Kroos would be a risk due to his age but he remains a world-class midfield operator and should be a player on United’s radar as a result.