Brendan Fraser stars as a 600lb English professor who has become a recluse after separating from his wife and daughter, Ellie (played by Sadie Sink), in Darren Aronofsky’s emotional drama. After emerging as the firm favourite for this year’s awards circuit, Fraser thanked the director and his co-stars for paving the way for his seeming resurgence in Hollywood. Fraser was choking up throughout his powerful speech after winning the Oscar for Best Lead Actor for his performance in The Whale. His performance as morbidly obese teacher Charlie drew acclaim from critics and was widely predicted to scoop up the Academy Award this Sunday. In his speech, the star was overwhelmed as he thanked director Aronofsky and screenwriter Samuel D Hunter. “I’m grateful to Darren Aronofsky for throwing me a creative lifeline and hauling me aboard the good ship The Whale,” he said. READ MORE: John Travolta breaks down during Oscars tribute to Olivia Newton-John “That was written by Samuel D Hunter who is our lighthouse. Gentleman, you laid your whale-sized hearts bare so that we could see into your souls like no one else could do. “It is my honour to be named alongside you in this category. I want to tell you that only whales can swim at the depth of talent of Hong Chau.” Chau was also nominated for her performance as Charlie’s friend and nurse Liz for Best Supporting Actor, losing out to Jamie Lee Curtis. After starring in blockbusters like The Mummy and Inkheart, Fraser’s roles began to dry up in the 2010s and he took a five-year break from 2014-2019. Via GQ in 2018, he claimed he had been “blacklisted” from Hollywood for speaking out about alleged sexual assault by a producer. “I started in this business 30 years ago, things didn’t come easy to me but there was a facility that I didn’t appreciate at the time, until it stopped,” he went on in his speech. “I just want to say thank you for this acknowledgement. It couldn’t be done without my cast. “It’s been like I’ve been on a diving expedition and the air on the line to the surface is being watched over by some people in my life like my sons.” Don't miss... Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [COMMENT] You boss admits she’s ‘still debating’ Netflix series’ ending [INSIGHT] NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey’s announcement sparks frenzy [LATEST] The 54-year-old star began his comeback tour by receiving a 14-minute standing ovation after The Whale’s premiere at the Venice Film Festival. He then went on to nab trophies at the Screen Actors Guild Awards and the Critics’ Choice Awards. During the ceremony which also awarded Oscars to Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan and Best Picture Everything Everywhere All At Once, viewers agreed Fraser’s was one of the most deserving wins of the night. @TheCineprism tweeted: “No one deserved this more than Brendan Fraser and his fairytale return now has its perfect ending.” And @jyndjarin wrote: “I am so happy for Brendan Fraser. After everything the industry did to him. “After being blacklisted for 20+ years. He f*****g deserved so much and just deserves all the love.” Fraser was up against Austin Butler, Colin Farrell, Paul Mescal and Bill Nighy, all of whom were also first-time nominees. After winning his first Oscar, his comeback continues later this year as he’ll be starring alongside Leonardo DiCaprio in Martin Scorsese’s next film, Killers of the Flower Moon. The 95th Academy Awards are available to stream on NOW and Sky Go.