Grace Kelly, the mother of Prince Albert II of Monaco, used to star in golden Hollywood films such as High Society and Rear Window. However, she eventually married into the Monegasque Royal Family in 1956. One of the most famous wedding dresses in history was created for Princess Grace's nuptials. At the Cannes Film Festival in 1955, Grace and Prince Rainier of Monaco began dating. A year later, on April 19, 1956, they were wed in a lavish ceremony at Monaco's Saint Nicholas Cathedral, when Grace underwent a transformation from a Hollywood Princess to an actual real-life royal. An important event at the time, the spectacle was aired to nearly 30 million people, and Grace's wedding gown was praised by many. READ MORE: Meghan was 'very humble' before she 'had to cull' friends Helen Rose, an Academy Award-winning costume designer who had previously collaborated with Grace on films, created the now-iconic gown. Around 400 yards of fabric were used to create the chic outfit, including 25 yards of silk taffeta, 100 yards of silk net, tulle, and even 125-year-old Brussels rose point lace which was made in the 1830s. The dress was not made in one piece. Instead, it was made up of several. Grace accessorised with a 90-yard-long, beautiful tulle veil and a dainty Juliet cap embellished with orange blossoms and seed pearls.  Princess Grace carried a little Bible that had been adorned with silk, lace, and pearls to match the rest of the attire. Devout Catholic brides of the mid-20th century often carried a Bible instead of a bouquet of flowers.  Although this is the primary picture that comes to mind when considering Grace Kelly's wedding dress, it wasn't her only wedding outfit. The civil ceremony, which was held in the baroque throne room of the Prince's Palace of Monaco the day before the religious ceremony, was merely one part of the entire wedding of Prince Rainier and Grace Kelly. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby Helen Rose also created a dress for Grace, although it was a much more subdued style. She was dressed simply in a light pink taffeta outfit with a lovely flared skirt and a high, rounded neck. She added finishing touches like gloves and a Juliet hat. Several people, including Kate, Princess of Wales, were inspired by Grace's stunning wedding gown. She wore a Sarah Burton design from Alexander McQueen for her nuptials to Prince William in 2011.  The future Queen's dress resembled the Princess of Monaco's outfit in terms of its high neckline and lace sleeves. The now-famous outfit has Solstiss lace on the skirt and train, the same kind Grace had on her gown. One of the most tasteful and well-remembered wedding dresses of all time is Princess Grace's dress. It is one of the most well-known since the middle of the 20th century.