Queen Letizia is a busy royal and often attends cultural events in her country's capital. Today, March 9, she was seen at the screening of the documentary El Camino Interior. For the occasion, the Spanish Queen dazzled in a Carolina Herrera teal-coloured pantsuit. The jacket was the Wool-Blend Longline Blazer, while the trousers were the Straight-Leg Trousers, both by the Italian designer. Letizia has been seen wearing the suit many times in the past, including in October 2019, February 2020, February 2021, November 2021, and December 2021. Although no longer available to buy on its website as it belongs to an older season's collection, fashion retailer Gilt described the blazer, saying: "Carolina Herrera pushes the boundaries of romance in her latest collection to present timeless shapes that embrace femininity and cement her place as the master of contemporary glamour. "This evergreen longline suit jacket is crafted from a virgin wool blend and features notched lapels, long sleeves, button cuffs, a front button fastening and side pockets." As for the trousers, their description read: "House Herrera’s distinctive aesthetic resides in the unique combination of timeless elegance and a modern sophistication. "These evergreen slim fit trousers are crafted from a virgin wool blend and feature a high rise, a button and zip fly, a waistband with belt loops and a regular length." Queen Letizia has often worn the suit with a white top or blouse underneath, like today. DON'T MISS: Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Queen Camilla wears favourite colour to 'evoke trustworthiness' [STYLE] Hairdresser shares which haircut is 'incredibly youthful' [HAIR] This afternoon's choice was the Hugo Boss "Iyabo" Sleeveless Top in White, which Letizia has worn various times in the past too. She combined this with the "Lisette" Leather and Suede Pumps in Teal by popular footwear brand Magrit. As for accessories, Letizia completed her look with the "Jardin de Aire" 18kt Rose Fold Earring with Diamonds and Emeralds. These were by the Spanish jewellers Gold and Roses Joyas. They are still available to buy on the jewellers' website for a huge 2,095 euros, or £1,859. The brand described the earrings, saying: "The green colour is in the plants; the water drops are reminiscent of brilliants and the warmth is provided by the skin and the colour contrast that highlights the white and green harmony of the collection. "It is about creating a micro-landscape that suggests and inspires, which takes us to a jewellery garden through the details: the profile of a leaf, the colour of a flower, the verticality, the light of the image." Today, Letizia's hair was styled in subtle waves over her shoulders and she wore her usual make-up of lashings of mascara and a slick of light pink lipgloss. Royal fans were quick to comment on Letizia's look, with many praising her for it. However, some thought one detail was not quite right. Instagram user @middletonmaven wrote: "Wow! Love this look." User @ale_campos_gua commented: "What a great combination!! Love the colour!!" User @goosegirlenfys commented: "Green suit season! Is there a group chat they're all in? Fantastic suit, stunning colour on her and I know some people don't like the full matchy-matchy, but I think the shoes matching so well is perfect too." User @rmsgreeneyedlady wrote: "Beautiful suit, I love the colour." User @mydocuments_ said: "I really love the colour on this but don't care for the flare at the hip of the jacket. It almost gives the effect of a peplum." User @sunshineandstars25 wrote: "Great colour. The blazer is quite long but I think the slimness of the trousers balance it out." User @rebpat1113 added: "She looks lovely but the length of the jackets bugs me. Maybe a new style that I'll have to get used to seeing."