Liverpool owner John W Henry has finally spoken out on his specific plans to obtain a sale of the Merseyside club ahead of what is poised to be one of the most important summer transfer windows in the team's history. Last month Liverpool's FSG ownership made it public knowledge that investment into the club would be invited, and that prospective interested parties should come to the table. Now, speaking exclusively to the Liverpool Echo, Henry has outlined that the commitment of the ownership remains ‘stronger than ever’ as Jurgen Klopp's side bid to achieve a top four finish and Champions League qualification. Henry's latest comments will come as a disappointment to those among the fanbase hoping for a full sale of the club to brand new owners Addressing the topic of parting with Liverpool, Henry said: "The club continues to make great progress with youth on the field and off. Our Foundation is well supported and continues to quietly expand the importance of its work in different ways looking for as many small kindnesses as possible individually and hopefully cumulatively. "The people of this club starting with its manager, its players and everyone from stewards to management are committed to the club locally, committed to maintaining the club’s great history and equally committed to making new history in a way that our supporters can be proud of. "Being a part of this club is something no one takes for granted." The upcoming summer transfer window has been heralded as the start of a grand rebuild for Liverpool, with at least two first team standard midfielders required to aid ageing legs and departing out-of-contract stars. Yet the latest word from Henry suggests Klopp will have to be as conservative as ever with his spending, in an ongoing policy of balancing the financial books. He added: "We continue building at Liverpool Football Club in a responsible manner. “We’ve seen many football clubs (including LFC previously) go down unsustainable paths.  We have and will continue to focus our attention on investing wisely in the transfer market and we remain incredibly proud of our squad. “At the same time we continue investing in our training facilities, our main stand and currently the Anfield Road stand.  These are all physical reflections of our resolve and how very seriously Fenway Sports Group takes its responsibilities for this great club.” "Excitement depends on competition and is the most important component of the Premier League.” Liverpool have been hotly tipped as favourites to sign England ace Jude Bellingham, who is set to leave Borussia Dortmund this summer. The midfielder is set to command comfortably north of £100m for any potential deal, which would vastly outgun Liverpool's previous transfer record of £75m for Virgil van Dijk. Henry and FSG have shown commitment to the cause by pledging to pay a total of £85m for striker Darwin Nunez, should the Uruguayan fulfil all the target clauses in his move from Benfica, which was originally agreed at £65m in upfront cash.