  Media personality Paris Hilton, 42, has revealed new details about her private sex tape featuring ex Rick Salomon in her new book Paris: The Memoir. The star has claimed that she felt “weird and uncomfortable” making the sex tape but felt pressured into it despite “making excuses” not to film it.     In an extract of her book, published in The Sunday Times, Hilton explained that she was just 18 years old when she began dating someone she described as a “coarse” and “arrogant” man, who remains unnamed. However, the video was leaked shortly after the 2004 debut of US series The Simple Life, which starred Hilton and Nicole Richie. After the tape was released, Hilton went on to issue a statement saying she did not approve of its public release and that she was “out of it” when the video was filmed. Hilton has previously described how “humiliating” the experience of having her sex tape leaked to the public was, and how she has suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder as a result. READ MORE: Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable     In her book, the star described being “tipsy and tired” after a night out before the tape was filmed - and that she had been reassured the tape would be “just for us”. She claims in the book that he said: “No one else would ever see it. And then he told me if I wouldn’t do it, he could easily find someone who would and that was the worst thing I could think of – to be dumped by this grown man because I was a stupid kid who didn’t know how to play grown-up games.” “I hated the idea of sex. I avoided sex until it was absolutely unavoidable,” she added. Elsewhere in the article, Paris described how she had heard rumours that the clip would be leaked online.      “I called my old boyfriend and begged: ‘Please, please, please don’t do this’. He sounded distant and cool, saying it was too late, it was already out there,” she claims, before continuing: “He said he had every right to sell something that belonged to him – something that had a lot of financial value.” Hilton went on to remember how “shame, loss and stark terror swept” over her when she ended the call. She also claimed that, in order to make the video, she had to “drink [herself] silly” and take Quaaludes. Quaalude is a brand name for hypnotic sedative Methaqualone, which used to be taken as a popular recreational drug back in the 70s, before it was banned in 1984. READ MORE... Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint [NEWS] Piers Morgan claims Charles has 'drawn a line' after kicking out Harry [NEWS] Rod Stewart offers to pay US treatment for fan unable to walk [INSIGHT]     She writes, "I knew what he wanted, and I went with it. I needed to prove something to him and to myself, so I got hammered, and I did it." Both Salomon and Hilton have seen legal action since the release of the tape, with the former suing the latter for defamation after she expressed disapproval that the tape was leaked. She went on to countersue the American poker player for its release, and the pair settled out of court in 2005. Express.co.uk have contacted Salomon’s representatives for comment.       Paris: The Memoir will be released on 14 March. Waterstones says: “Revealing hidden depths to the iconic It Girl and heiress, Paris Hilton's courageously candid and unflinching memoir lays bare the abuse and casual cruelty she endured during her youth and how she has managed to turn her life around.” The book, published by HarperCollins, will be available to purchase for £20 from Amazon, Waterstones and other retailers.  