A father could be jailed for three years, and his daughter sent to an orphanage after she drew an anti-war picture in art class. During an art lesson at her school in the Tula region of Russia, Masha Moskaleva and her classmates were asked to draw pictures in support of the country’s troops in Ukraine. The drawing depicted missiles flying from the Russian side towards a woman and her child in Ukraine. Masha drew a Russian flag with the words “No to war” on it, as well as a Ukrainian flag that read “Glory to Ukraine”. Her father Alexey said the school called police and officers turned up at the school. Mr Moskalev added: “The officers came and were waiting for Masha at the [school] entrance, asking all of the students their first and last names, my daughter immediately realised what was going on. “She managed to slip through: she gave a fake name. She came running home, out of breath, and said, ‘Dad, the police almost caught me — I drew a picture!’"   He added: “She was scared, and I promised that the next day, I would come to her school and wait for her until her classes were over.” The next day both Masha and her father were interrogated by police and he was charged with “discrediting” the Russian army for posts and comments he had made on social media. He was fined 32,000 rubles (around £350) for a comment that read, “The Russian army. The rapists right next to us.” They thought that would be the end of it but then 12-year-old Masha was arrested and interrogated by Russian intelligence officers from the FSB. And then on December 30 last year the FSB raided their home, and Mr Moskalev says they ripped pictures from the walls, took all of the family’s savings and took a photo of his daughter’s artwork. READ MORE: Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes    He says that he was then taken away for interrogation and officers “beat his “head against the wall and against the floor”. The 53-year-old says he was then left in the interrogation room for two and a half hours with the Russian national anthem playing at full volume. He was then shown a comment his daughter had posted on social media, where she wrote: “Our children are dying selflessly [in Ukraine]. “And how much are they dying for? Two hundred thousand [rubles] a month, or a little more?” DON'T MISSMore people immigrated to UK long-term in 2022 than any other year  [ANALYSIS]Bride's wedding 'ruined' as mother-in-law wears very similar dress [WATCH]Inflation tracker shows end of cost-of-living crisis in sight [REPORT]     Russian independent news website Meduza reports because of this post Mr Moskalev is now facing felony charges for “discrediting” the Russian army, because he had previously been convicted of committing the same offence less than a year earlier. He is facing up to three years in prison and says that has no faith in her relatives to bring her up so she could be sent to an orphanage. His lawyer Vladimir Biliyenko said that as a single father he might be able to avoid jail. “But if the officers decide to be stubborn — our justice system often gives in to what they want — they might put him in prison and send his daughter to an orphanage.”   