Roger Federer has discussed his main post-retirement role in more detail after penning a new open letter about his Roger Federer Foundation. The 20-time Grand Slam champion is reportedly set to join the BBC’s broadcasting team at Wimbledon but it appears that the tournament will be left disappointed as punditry won’t be his main focus over charity work. Federer is yet to make any major announcements over his post-playing career since retiring in September. The 41-year-old spent two years struggling with a troublesome knee injury and underwent three surgeries before he was ultimately forced to call it a day and had his last dance at the Laver Cup. While the Swiss star has not confirmed any new roles, he has reportedly been in talks with the BBC about joining their Wimbledon coverage. But Federer has now confirmed that another commitment will take precedence as he wrote an open letter about his continued work on his Roger Federer Foundation ahead of its 20 year anniversary. “While I understand the concerns about adjusting to this new pace, I can assure you that I am doing well and relishing this new chapter in my life, I have been keeping very busy with getting my body healed and working on existing and new projects,” Federer wrote, updating his fans on his post-retirement duties.  Just in Emma Raducanu survives injury scare to upset Linette in Indian Wells [REPORT] And he confirmed that his foundation would be his main focus going forward, continuing: “It goes without saying that my foundation will be at the forefront of my priorities. The Roger Federer Foundation, which I established with my parents in 2003, has grown to be much larger than we initially envisioned during my playing days. This year, the foundation will celebrate its 20th anniversary, and I still recall signing the founding document.” Across 2022, the Roger Federer Foundation invested 77.5 million Swiss francs to help improve education in Switzerland and South Africa - with the latter being Federer’s mum’s country of birth. “I never could have imagined how incredibly enlightening, exciting and fulfilling this journey would be, and all the great things we would accomplish together,” the 103-time title winner continued.  Don't miss... Emma Raducanu puzzles pundits with physio calls as treatment 'refused' [UPDATE] Raducanu getting on 'very well' with new coach as key role also noted [EXPERT] Nadal drops comeback hint as video footage emerges of tennis regime [LATEST] “By the end of the year, we have been able to provide over 2.4 million children with better access to early education, which I consider a tremendous anniversary gift.” And Federer said he would now focus on being a “philanthropist” after hanging up his racket. “I am eager to dedicate even more time to the foundation in the coming years, visiting more of the projects on-site, and delving deeper into effective philanthropy,” he added. “I would be honoured if you would continue to join me on this journey as a philanthropist. Your support is invaluable and motivating, and together we can accomplish even greater things. I look forward to working with you and will always be grateful.” 