Today’s (March 9) episode of Bargain Hunt will be airing on BBC One at 11.15am. The episode will see the red and blue teams heading to the Peterborough Festival of Antiques at the East of England Showground. Christina Trevanion will be hosting with experts Roo Irvine and Stephanie Connell on hand to offer expert antiques advice. Christina will also be showing off her blacksmithing skills at the Chain Bridge Forge, active in Spalding since the 1700s. The 41-year-old British auctioneer as well as a TV presenter is best known for Bargain Hunt. She was a partner in the auctioneering and valuing firm Trevanion & Dean, which is based in Whitchurch, Shropshire. She formed the firm with Aaron Dean, who had previously worked at Christie’s. Christina is now a managing partner at the firm which has now been re-named Trevanion, which would suggest she is the main figure in the company. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity She is a member of the National Association of Valuers and Auctioneers and became a fellow in 2018, a grade only given to the UK’s most highly qualified and experienced auctioneers. All of this would elevate her standing in the auction world and her wealth with more work likely to be coming her way and to the firm. This in turn would suggest her worth has increased because of her biggest role in the firm. Christina has been part of Bargain Hunt for a long time with 2023 marking her decade anniversary on the programme. READ MORE: What is Bargain Hunt expert Christina Trevanion's nationality? During her time on the show, she is likely to have seen her salary increase. The show is also likely to have increased her public profile and in turn her wealth. Additionally, Bargain Hunt has led to other roles on TV shows including Celebrity Antiques Road Trip, Antiques Road Trip and The Travelling Auctioneers. All of these TV jobs would have added to her bank balance with viewers becoming more familiar with her. There are varying figures for her net worth with All Famous Birthday listing it as an estimated £4.2million ($5million), while The Parentage lists it as an estimated £844,000 ($1million). Christina got into the auction industry after being surrounded by antiques growing up. She described her mother as a “closet auction fanatic”, who would take her to auctions from a young age. The Bargain Hunt host said: “It has always been an environment I have felt very comfortable in.” When she isn’t presenting, Christina is also a philanthropist and gives talks and lectures. Don't miss... Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [LATEST] Death in Paradise boss pays tribute to 'amazing actor' Kris Marshall [INTERVIEW] 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [VIDEO] She also conducts charity auctions and is also according to her site she is a “busy mum to two daughters”. On her life away from the show, Christina also said: “I am married with two children and a dog called Welly. Life is pretty noisy, hectic and good fun. “Technically, I collect 18th century teapots and 1970s glass, but hate boundaries so will buy with my heart and if I like it, I'll have it (coffers dependent). “This has resulted in a very eclectic collection including some rather bizarre finds.” Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One today at 11.15am