Paul Pogba may have just made his Juventus comeback after a lengthy spell out with injury, but the Frenchman's stock has plummeted over the past few months. Amid murmurs of discontent behind the scenes, reports indicate that Galatasaray recently turned down the chance to sign Pogba due to his poor fitness record. The Bianconeri sold Pogba to Manchester United for £89million back in 2016 before bringing him back on a free transfer six years later. Many supporters rejoiced at the midfielder's return, given the superb stint he enjoyed in Turin earlier in his career. Things quickly took a turn for the worse when Pogba suffered a devastating knee injury in pre-season, however. Before the win over Torino on Tuesday night, the 29-year-old was yet to make a single appearance this season. According to The Daily Mail, many at Juve are not best pleased with the way things have panned out, with some even wanting to terminate the player's contract. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Ten Hag had ruthless Garnacho message before West Ham win Reports in Turkey suggest that Pogba has been offered to Galatasaray, although A Spor claim that the Super Lig giants 'vetoed' the move due to the potential risk of another injury taking hold. Galatasaray currently boast the likes of Mauro Icardi, Nicolo Zaniolo, Juan Mata and Lucas Torreira within their ranks as they sit six points clear at the top of the league table. It may forever go unknown whether Pogba would have been open to the possibility of joining them. READ MORE...Man Utd walk the walk as Ten Hag reminded of key quartet vs West HamLiverpool youngsters in heated brawl as Ben Doak gets 'bloody lip'Klopp has Liverpool trump card as Luis Diaz set to make 'real impact' One would have a hard job deciphering that things aren't running smoothly behind the scenes at Juventus based on their derby win over Torino on Tuesday. Pogba was all smiles throughout the match and he came on with over 20 minutes remaining as the Bianconeri took the lead shortly afterwards. A host of Man Utd stars sent their well-wishes to Pogba on social media following his long-awaited comeback, while Juve boss Massimiliano Allegri admitted that he was 'happy' to see the French World Cup winner back in action.  "It had been a long time we wanted Pogba back with us and we are happy," the Italian told DAZN after the final whistle. "With a game every three days, we need everyone available." On the prospect of finishing in the top four after being hit with a 15-point deduction earlier in the campaign, Allegri added: "It has to be said, [being] 10 points [behind] is still a big gap. We'd need an average of two points per game and it would be extraordinary."