Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's recent publicity blitz helped bring Prince William and Kate Middleton closer, a royal expert has claimed. Biographer Tom Quinn, who wrote Gilded Youth about the history of modern child-rearing in the Firm, assessed the relationship between the Waleses and the Sussexes. Speaking to Newsweek's Royal Report podcast, Quinn said: "I'm certain that the attack from Harry and Meghan has indeed [brought Prince William and Kate Middleton closer]. "You're never closer than when you have a perceived enemy—'enemy' is probably too strong a word—but they will feel that not just that they're under attack, but that they're more isolated, that they have to be careful that they sing from the same hymn book as it were, because there's always this difficulty with someone that's far enough away to make criticisms, and clearly has a taste for making criticisms, that seems very unlikely to end." He added: "We know for example that Meghan is now writing her own book. "I'm sure William and Kate are, I wouldn't say dreading that, but they're thinking: 'Well, there's going to be more of the same.' JUST IN: King Charles to lead first Commonwealth Day service as monarch with landmark speech "So, I think it probably has pushed them closer together." The Prince and Princess of Wales came under fire from the Sussexes earlier this year following the release of Harry's memoir Spare on January 10. The Duke alleged his older brother physically attacked him during an altercation in 2019. He claimed: "He grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and he knocked me to the floor. READ MORE: Prince William's nickname for Kate is a 'gentle dig' from Queen  "I landed on the dog's bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me. "I lay there for a moment, dazed, then got to my feet and told him to get out." Prince Harry also alleged the Waleses encouraged him to wear the Nazi costume which landed him in water in 2005. He wrote: "I phoned Willy and Kate, asked what they thought. Nazi uniform, they said.   DON'T MISS: New York flight bound for London declares emergency and is diverted [LATEST] China may be using green lasers to spy on Hawaii for missile attack [REVEALED] ‘I refused to give my sister her £21K dress for her wedding day' [INSIGHT] "They both howled. Worse than Willy's leotard outfit! Way more ridiculous! Which, again, was the point." Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace adopted hardline no comment stances in response to Spare. During a visit to Liverpool shortly after its release, William was told to "keep going" by an 81-year-old named Sylvia. The Prince of Wales defiantly replied: "I will do." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews