We rely on our livers to carry out more than 500 important bodily functions. Therefore, any problems with the organ can affect areas of the body you might not expect. But the sooner you spot the signs that something is wrong, the sooner you can seek treatment. As the name suggests, fatty liver disease is the name for a range of conditions caused by an excess of fat in the liver. In its early stages it often doesn’t present with symptoms. According to the NHS, “most” people will only ever experience the first stage of fatty liver disease, known as steatosis. This is a “largely harmless” build-up of fat in the liver. READ MORE: Five sensations indicative of a 'dangerous' blood clot in the leg - 'get help'  However, if the condition reaches the fourth and final stage, called cirrhosis, this is cause for concern. NHS Inform explains: “Cirrhosis is scarring of the liver caused by continuous, long-term liver damage. “Scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver and prevents the liver from working properly. “The damage caused by cirrhosis can't be reversed and can eventually become so extensive that your liver stops functioning. This is called liver failure.  Don't miss... The milk to have for breakfast to reduce blood sugar levels [INSIGHT] The four chronic symptoms of cancer you 'shouldn't ignore' [INFORMER] Three vitamins that could help protect against vision loss - expert [EXPERT] “Cirrhosis can be fatal if the liver fails. However, it usually takes years for the condition to reach this stage and treatment can help slow its progression. “Each year in the UK, around 4,000 people die from cirrhosis and 700 people with the condition need a liver transplant to survive.” There are three signs of cirrhosis that can appear on the skin. These are: READ MORE: Prioritise 3 types of food in your diet to aid sleep - 71% of Britons not sleeping enough  If you notice these symptoms it is worth seeing your GP. Other signs of cirrhosis include: In the later stages of cirrhosis you might also notice black, tarry stools. “This is because blood can't flow through the liver properly, which causes an increase in blood pressure in the vein that carries blood from the gut to the liver (portal vein),” NHS Inform says.  “The increase in blood pressure forces blood through smaller, fragile vessels that line your stomach and gullet (varices). “These can burst under high blood pressure, leading to internal bleeding, which is visible in vomit and/or stools.” There are a number of factors that can raise your risk of fatty liver disease, including if you: If you think you have fatty liver disease you should see your GP. 