A university has sounded the alarm after a TikTok drinking trend left 28 students in hospital following off-campus parties held ahead of St Patrick's Day. Students could be seen carrying jugs dubbed "blackout rage galloons", or BORGs", in a binge-drinking trend which recently gained traction on TikTok.  Twenty-eight ambulances were reported to have arrived at off-campus parties. Officials also claimed neighbouring agencies assisted local paramedics, Fox News has revealed. Amherst Fire Department said none of the cases were life-threatening. However, officials at the University of Massachusetts claimed this is the first time the university has observed widespread use of BORGs at off-campus parties. The Daily Hampshire Gazette reported that two arrests had been made for underage drinking after #borg amassed more than 74million views on TikTok. The weekend's festivities have been dubbed "Blarney Blowout" and are said to be related to St Patrick's Day celebrations in around a fortnights time. Poison Control claimed "BORG" was had helped some students avoid the spread of infectious disease and reduced drink spiking. The beverage typically contains a fifth of vodka and experts warn "BORG" could cause alcohol poisoning. A CBS News recently report claimed such recipes equates to roughly 16 drinks. DON'T MISS:Tories’ last chance to boost business [COMMENT]Boris's former chief whip claims he can convince ex-PM to back Sunak [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s C2oronation [LIVE BLOG] Dr George F Koob, the director of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism at the National Institutes of Health, told the broadcaster: "Quite simply, as alcohol consumption goes up, so do the risks of injuries, fights, sexual assaults, emergency department visits, blackouts, car crashes and other harms." The University of Massachusetts claimed the weekend's events will be assessed and improvements will be made to improve alcohol education, with incoming students already learning about physiological and medical risks of binge drinking. 