Luther: The Fallen Sun has debuted in UK cinemas ahead of a global roll-out on Netflix on March 10. Idris Elba, who plays DCI John Luther, is known for his tweed coat and addressed his Batman-style scene in the movie. His character ditches his prison uniform and dons his iconic tweed coat before standing on a rooftop overlooking the London skyline. The 50-year-old revealed the production team had to use a leaf-blower in order to get his coat to flap in the wind like a superhero. In a nod to the show’s inspiration, Batman, Idris addressed the film's scene. "That moment,” he says, “because that’s one of the anchors of the show, isn’t it? READ MORE: Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria "Being above London, looking out at the town. It’s a trope, that coat and standing on the rooftop. It’s sort of become a national treasure. “Although, I don’t want to ruin it for you, but the flappy cape moment was very hard to actually orchestrate. It wasn’t very superhero." He added to Radio Times: "I had a guy under me with a leaf-blower and that didn’t work so in the end we had to get some string! “But that was a great little moment when I was like, ‘Man, we made it.’” Idris first played the maverick London policeman in 2010. There have now been five series on the BBC, but the actor and Luther’s writer Neil Cross have long made it clear they wanted popular show to land on the big screen. Elsewhere, the Emmy nominee revealed his career was hanging by thread after The Wire. He believed he “stuck out like a sore thumb” after viewers realised he was a British actor playing a Baltimore drug dealer on the critically acclaimed HBO series. “Most people thought I was American during ‘The Wire’ and then when they realised I was not, I suddenly stuck out like a sore thumb. I felt more scrutinised,” he told The Guardian. “I was enjoying success, but I don’t think I was being pushed or stretched as an actor.” The Luther star continued: “I don’t think I was getting roles that were like, remarkable. I could feel that there was a glass ceiling coming. I could sort of see the smudges on it.” Idris portrayed Stringer Bell on The Wire from 2002 to 2004. Series creator David Simon claimed Elba was “not happy” when he was killed off in the series. “And I remember talking with him over the script and saying, ‘Idris, you’re going to have movie roles. "You’re going to be an A-lister. People are going to get a load of this death; they’re going to acquire this story arc in retrospect — this is your calling card, man,'” David told Idris at the time. “‘You’re going to do fine.'” You can read the full interview in this week's Radio Times out now.