Married At First Sight Australia is back on E4 and the reality show provided plenty of drama. Bronte and Harrison tied the knot but the big day ended in disaster when Harrison was accused of already dating another woman. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened. The Australian series has just started airing in the UK and it sees 10 new couples meet for the first time on their wedding day. Bronte was pulled aside by her best friend who delivered a shocking bombshell about her new husband. Bronte, 28, was hoping to fall in love during the experiment, saying she was ready to meet the man of her dreams. She was introduced to Harrison, 32, who admitted to the fact some people struggle to get on with him. The experts, however, saw a different side to him, believing he could be a caring husband and father. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find As soon as Harrison started speaking, the wedding guests were nervous as some branded him as "cocky". Thankfully the couple felt an instant connection, but their happy moment did not last long. Bronte's friend Jessica claimed: "As soon as I saw Harrison, my heart just sank for Bronte, because I knew that I recognised him, and he was the person I was warned about. "Harrison is pretending to be someone that he’s really not, and I have proof.” Jessica told Bronte that Harrison was already dating one of her friends from Sydney for the past month. According to Jessica, Harrison had been planning a future with the mystery woman, who the Daily Mail Australia reported as being 21-year-old Abby Miller, who starred in this year's season of The Bachelors. Sources close to Harrison told the publication the whole thing has been 'blown out of proportion', with Abby being just one of many women he was chatting to on dating apps in the lead-up to filming. They said: "Jess wanted her five minutes of fame and exaggerated the nature of Harrison's relationship with Abby just to get time in front of the camera. "Harrison and Abby knew each other for no more than a month and a half."   Jessica told Bronte she had pictures of the woman and Harrison together, saying Harrison had even been talking to her about what would happen if she got pregnant. Bronte was devastated and confronted her new husband, who denied the claims, saying: "I’m dead serious. I don’t have anyone.” Yet after some more questioning, he admitted he had been "seeing a number of girls" before joining the experiment. He explained: "I’m a single guy in Sydney, and yeah, I didn’t know if this was going to last a week, a month, the entire experiment. Don't miss... Meet the Married at First Sight Australia season 10 experts [LATEST] Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INSIGHT] MAFS Australia star teases 'game-changing' moment in series first  [INTERVIEW] “But I’m not in a relationship with anyone, they’re just people I was seeing. "I’m not going to hide from who I was. I was single and dating around.” He admitted there had been a woman he had liked for a long time and they had recently formed a connection. However, he claimed his heart was 100 per cent in the experiment and did not like the fact he was being confronted.  It comes as leaked WhatsApp messages obtained by Daily Mail Australia show Abby gushing about Harrison to her co-stars from The Bachelors. "Hey everyone I am currently talking to the single dad," she wrote in one text. "He is packing for MAFS ahaha," read another. Bronte and Harrison spent their first night apart but they made the effort to talk things through the next morning. Bronte aired her concerns about being replaced, to which Harrison said: "I want you to know that I’ve left that behind to be here for this process. "Because we’re married now and I take that seriously. And I want you to be part of my life.” In the end, Bronte started defending her new husband, blaming Jessica for “stirring s**t” for wanting the spotlight.  MAFS Australia airs on weekdays on E4 at 7.30pm 