Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta's no-nonsense attitude when it has come to removing 'bad eggs' from his squad has undoubtedly contributed to his recent success. And Bruno Fernandes could soon be hit with a reality check at Manchester United if Erik ten Hag admires his counterpart as much as he says. Arteta wasted little time replacing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Alexandre Lacazette at the Emirates Stadium after a string of attitude issues. And Fernandes' behaviour on Sunday was the climax for many who have been critical of his antics since joining United. His theatrics and persistent moaning have been just two subjects of scrutiny en masse since his January 2020 arrival in England. Both were on show in a dismal display at Anfield as Liverpool recorded a 7-0 thrashing of Ten Hag's side. Fernandes has been widely blasted in the aftermath, with Gary Neville not holding back during Sky Sports' coverage of the rout. JUST IN: Liverpool squad receive reward from Jurgen Klopp after Man Utd triumph  He said on commentary: "Honestly, some of his behaviour has been a disgrace, [even if] he's been brilliant at times, his assists and goals. "The second half has been a disgrace, a shambles, epitomised by Fernandes, who has been embarrassing at times." And ahead of an expected change of permanent captaincy if Harry Maguire leaves this summer, Chris Sutton believes Fernandes should never deputise for the United skipper again. "There are people that are far better qualified to be captain. Fernandes is not their best leader," Sutton explained. "There are more suitable candidates than him, Casemiro being one. I think he should never put on the armband again for Manchester United." Don't miss... Gary Neville still not convinced by Arsenal due to Arteta match flaws [LATEST] The Premier League table minus VAR as Arsenal top and Liverpool flying [LATEST] Thiago Silva's outspoken wife has gone in on Chelsea, Potter and fans [LATEST] Ten Hag has previously heaped praise on Arteta's work at the Emirates, suggesting he may take inspiration from his merciless decisions in north London. "I think in the Premier League, there are many incredibly good coaches at this moment. He [Arteta] is definitely one of them," Ten Hag told Sky Sports in January. "What he's doing, he's the best at this moment because it's really a big performance. It's huge what he's doing." And that could be bad news for Fernandes if he continues to reportedly 'irritate' figures at United, including team-mates, with his attitude on the pitch. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here