A new piece of evidence, missed by investigators, pinpoints the exact location Malaysian airlines flight MH370 crashed, Express.co.uk has been exclusively told by a researcher working on the case. The disappearance of the flight on March 8, 2014, has left people across the world in mystery as to the final moments of its 227 passengers - but the solving of this latest “riddle” might be one step closer to an answer. Vincent Lyne, a former researcher at the Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies (IMAS) at the University of Tasmania, has revealed the latest development of his investigation. Mr Lyne claims that his new evidence suggests the plane’s final resting place is “a deep hole about 1,500km west of Perth” - and it all comes down to the plane’s fuel. The researcher said that a Pilot-in-Command (PIC) flight simulator for a Long-Range Boeing 777-200LR that had been recovered by official investigators shows two simulated tracks that resemble, but ultimately diverge, from the official track for MH370’s official intended journey. These were a Northern and Southern Track. He told Express.co.uk his theory that MH370 crashed into the hole near Perth as “the only theory that reconciles all evidence, has uncovered new satellite evidence of debris streaming out from the location and uncovered the riddles in the simulated track.” His comments come as the Malaysian Transport Minister said they consider new search operations for MH370 if there was new and credible information about its location, as families of those on the flight continue to desperately await information. Mr Lyne previously uncovered the Southern Track’s “three-part riddle” - but now claims to have resolved the Northern Track. He argues his results demonstrate that simulations of the doomed flight were being run before it took off. For MH370 to reach the hole near Perth - which he labels the “PL Hole” - simulations were necessary to calculate the fuel required, Mr Lyne said. However, “it needed to be done in secret because if the simulation was of the actual track and investigators found that track on the home simulator it would lead them to the location of MH370.” The researcher claimed that the purpose of the simulation had been intentionally obfuscated, with the end of both the Northern and Southern Tracks “making no sense”. It was also suspicious, according to Mr Lyne, that the flight had been simulated for a Boeing 777-200LR, a longer-range model than the Boeing 777-200ER of flight MH370. READ MORE: MH370 mystery deepens as 'serious flaw' found in official analysis [REVEAL] Malaysian Airlines did not have this model in its fleet, he said, but would be able to calculate the conversion of fuel loads from one plane to another to figure out the fuel necessary for MH370 despite the different plane model. The researcher said that all parts of the Northern and Southern Tracks “were about matching lengths of the track between the simulator and what was intended to be flown with MH370. I suspect the main reason for matching the lengths was to estimate fuel loads.” He explained: “The main reason for planning the simulations that way was to calculate fuel loads but make it appear that it was just a simulation for an aircraft that was not part of Malaysia Airlines fleet so as not to draw any suspicion or attention to the simulated track. “By adding the decoy track (the simulated one to the Southern Ocean from the PL Hole) this would add further confusion as it would not be possible for MH370 to reach that location as it didn’t have enough fuel to get there.” He said these pieces of evidence pointed to an “obsessive planning mindset” behind the flight. Don't miss... Plane crash narrowly averted after terrifying 'close call' [REVEAL] Five dead in air ambulance crash after flight vanished from radar [ANALYSIS] Plane carrying Australian engineers ‘flying too low’ before crash [INSIGHT] Adding that the flight lengths for the different tracks added up to precisely the same amount - 1563km - he explained: “The Northern Track has the high fuel consumption from takeoff, the manoeuvres, changes in altitude etc, whereas the Southern Track was largely a cruise track, for both simulated and planned tracks. “Fuel loads had to be calculated for both tracks so that the pilot would know how much extra fuel had to be taken onboard to reach the PL Hole - compared to the standard fuel load for the KL to Beijing route. The amount taken aboard appears to be very precisely what was required to reach the PL Hole, but that needs confirmation by authorities.” Malaysian Transport Minister Anthony Loke said yesterday that he will “not summarily close the book on this tragedy” and “due consideration will be given to future search operations should there be new and credible information on the potential location of the aircraft’s final resting place.” Asked about this, Mr Lyne said: “At this stage there are many who are pitching their theories to Ocean Infinity and the Minister. Despite my confidence, my advice to them is them is that they need to form an international science review group to review all theories and to provide advice on the next search.”