A date has been set for Boris Johnson's Partygate showdown with the Privileges Committee, which may scupper any hopes of the former PM's return to frontline politics. The committee - which is currently investigating whether Mr Johnson misled parliament over Partygate - released a new 24-page memo of evidence. It warned that breaches of coronavirus guidance would have been "obvious" to Mr Johnson at several events he attended. The former Prime Minister will give evidence to the Privileges Committee in the week beginning March 20. It is understood that some Tory MPs are waiting for the committee's verdict before publicly backing the former PM. In a new report today, the committee highlighted several events where the then Prime Minister was present without social distancing and published pictures.   Mr Johnson claimed the report shows he has "not committed any contempt of Parliament". In a statement, the former Prime Minister said: "I am grateful to the committee for their work over the last ten months. I believe that their labours have helped establish the obvious truth. "It is clear from this report that I have not committed any contempt of Parliament. It is also clear that what I have been saying about this matter from the beginning has been vindicated. "That is because there is no evidence in the report that I knowingly or recklessly misled parliament, or that I failed to update parliament in a timely manner."  Mr Johnson also hit out at partygate investigator Sue Gray, saying it is “surreal” and “particularly concerning” that she will be working for Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer. But the Privileges Committee said its report is "not based on the Sue Gray report" but instead on evidence supplied last November including witnesses present at the time of the gatherings, WhatsApps, emails and photographs from the official Downing Street photographer. Ms Gray was appointed as Sir Keir's chief of staff this week. It has generated backlash from within the Tory party, with some MPs calling for an inquiry into Ms Gray herself. The report from the Privileges Committee, published earlier today, said: "The evidence strongly suggests that breaches of guidance would have been obvious to Mr Johnson at the time he was at the gatherings. "There is evidence that those who were advising Mr Johnson about what to say to the press and in the House were themselves struggling to contend that some gatherings were within the rules." Responding to the report, Labour Deputy Leader said: "The evidence in this report is absolutely damning on the conduct of Boris Johnson, not just in the crime but the cover up. All the while, Rishi Sunak sat on his hands, living and working next door but doing nothing to end the rule breaking. "While families up and down the country dutifully followed the rules unable to visit loved ones, missing weddings and funerals, Boris Johnson was repeatedly holding drinks and social events at the heart of government – events attended by the current Prime Minister. "If Rishi Sunak is to meet his promise of integrity and accountability, he must stop propping up his disgraced prime minister and his legal defence fund, fully endorse the Committee's recommendations and make clear that if Boris Johnson is found to have repeatedly misled Parliament his career is over."  