Iran has struck a deal to buy advanced Russian SU-35 fighter jets. The move comes as Tehran seeks to boost its defences in the face of a potential Israel attack against its nuclear facilities. It represents the second blow for Israel in as many days, following news that Saudi Arabia - from which Jerusalem was seeking support for its military strike against Iran - had restored full diplomatic ties with the Islamic regime in a deal brokered by China. While it grapples with nationwide protests, Iran is already enriching uranium to 83.7 percent purity - close to weapons-grade levels,Israel has declared that it will launch military strikes against Iranian facilities, but must do so before 90 percent enrichment is achieved. and the uranium is moved to impenetrable underground facilities. The fighter jet deal represents the second blow for Israel in as many days, following news that Saudi Arabia - from which Jerusalem was seeking support for its military strike against Iran - had restored full diplomatic ties with the Islamic regime in a deal brokered by China. Moscow is already providing sophisticated missile and air defence systems which will make Israeli strikes harder. But Iran’s air force has only a few dozen strike aircraft: both Russian and ageing US platforms acquired before the Iranian revolution of 1979. In 2018, Iran said it had started production of the locally designed Kowsar fighter for use in its air force, thought to be based on the US F-5 which first came into service in 1962. Last week experts warned that, in return for more Russian military support, Iran had offered to help Russia maintain its waning influence in Armenia as it battles Azerbaijan. Once a stalwart Russian ally, criticisms against Moscow have increased in Armenia following Russia’s poor military performance in Ukraine and its inability to help it against neighbouring Azerbaijan, against which it is locked in a territorial dispute. "The vast majority of the population of the South Caucasus supports Ukraine. Vladimir Putin will try to do everything possible to block energy supplies to Europe and undermine any opportunity of peace between Armenia and Azerbaijan,“ political analyst David Aidelman told a conference organised by the European Jewish Association (EJA). Two weeks ago, the Sunday Express reported concern from Nato chiefs about Russian plans to train Armenian forces to carry out special operation attacks against a crucial Azerbaijan pipeline carrying gas to Europe. He added; “But Iran is also intent on seeing the war between Armenia and Azerbaijan drag on. Azerbaijan’s biggest enemy now is not Armenia, or even Russia - it is Iran. “Tehran’s globalist vision goes beyond its borders. It wants to merge three conflicts into one - the Russia-Ukraine war, the territorial conflict between Armenia and Azerbaijan and its own potential stand-off with Israel. And this is the shortest way to World War 3. “This is why it must be recognised that the opportunity for regime change in Iran now is historically as important as the war between Russia and Ukraine.”