Manchester United have been told to ditch hard-working striker Wout Weghorst and go all out for Harry Kane this summer by Gabby Agbonlahor. The former Aston Villa striker believes that the Red Devils would be on par with Manchester City and Arsenal if they upgrade their forward line, with Erik ten Hag earning plaudits for his recent success. Weghorst was a surprise signing on loan from Burnley in January with Ten Hag in need of a striker following Cristiano Ronaldo's unceremonious exit. The 6ft 6in star has endeared himself to fans with an impressive work ethic, although his output leaves plenty to be desired. The Dutchman, who suffered relegation with the Clarets last season, has only scored once since moving to Old Trafford. He did, however, claim an assist by setting up Marcus Rashford's goal in the Carabao Cup final last weekend. Even so, Agbonlahor feels that Weghorst is expendable for United who, according to the Villa hero, would be best served pushing for Kane instead. DON'T MISS: Sterling has already made feelings clear on Arteta amid Arsenal links "If they had a Harry Kane in the side, I think they'd probably be joint-top of the table," he told talkSPORT. "They're not far behind. I look at Manchester City, and yes, they've probably got the best squad of players but Man United, if they go and get a Harry Kane in the summer... "Get him through the door, I don't care what he costs - £70m, £80m, £90m. Whatever he costs, Harry Kane, go and get him. Put him in that side instead of Weghorst and Man United, for me, have got a complete side. READ MORE...Man Utd takeover twist as 'likely' date for Glazers decision emergesMan City 'interested in Chelsea duo' as Bellingham stance emergesArsenal boss Mikel Arteta 'was annoyed with Nuno Tavares behaviour' "Casemiro, [Christian] Eriksen, [Bruno] Fernandes, [Marcus] Rashford one side and Antony or [Alejandro] Garnacho the other side, defence is looking strong. That starting XI would match Man City and Arsenal for me next season so they've got to go all out." Weghorst signed for the Red Devils on a six-month loan deal with no buy option, so it remains to be seen whether Ten Hag is keen to make the switch permanent at the end of the season. By that point, Kane will be approaching an important crossroads in his career. Tottenham's record goalscorer will be out of contract in 2024, meaning Spurs face a crucial call on whether to cash in this summer or run the risk of Kane running down his contract and eventually leaving for free. The England captain is yet to win a trophy at club or international level, while United proved with their recent Carabao Cup triumph that they could provide Kane with the platform to boost his empty silverware cabinet.