Tyson Fury believes his size and weight is the reason he didn’t get knocked out by Deontay Wilder during their three fights. The Gypsy King is one of only two boxers to survive to see the final bell against Wilder, who has 42 knockouts from 43 wins. The other fighter who Wilder was unable to stop was Bermane Stiverne when they first fought back in 2015. However, when the showdown was run back two years later Wilder knocked out Stiverne in the first round. Meanwhile, Fury was able to see out three fights with the Bronze Bomber including a full 12 rounds in their first encounter. During their trilogy, Wilder floored Fury four times but the Mancunian got up each time and came back firing. Speaking about their epic fights during an interview with Foxify, Fury said: “My most formidable opponent was Deontay Wilder. I had three fight with that guy and all three times it could’ve been curtains for me at any single second. “Deontay Wilder has dynamite in his fists and if he lands on you, whether it’s round one or round 12, he’s going to knock you down or knock you out. He knocked out every single person that he ever fought, apart from me. He’s definitely my most formidable opponent and I’d back him to beat everybody in the division apart from myself.” Giving his thoughts on why he was able to survive Wilder’s power, Fury added: “I think my sheer size and weight has a lot to do with him not being able to knock me out cold. He hits a guy 6ft 3ins and 225lbs, they’re nailed to the canvas. But a guy 6ft 9ins and 277lbs – I think that has a lot to do with it, size matters. Anyone who says that size doesn’t matter is lying.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Misfits Boxing 'disrespectful to sport' as Mayweather lumped into dig Pacquiao's manager drops Benn fight hint as date and location teased Ref who got punched by Joshua left red-faced with tag-team boxing role Both men have shown an interest in facing each other for a fourth time down the line and could end up being mandated to do so if Wilder boxes Andy Ruiz Jr next. The WBC has ordered Wilder to face Ruiz Jr in a final eliminator bout for a shot at Fury’s green belt. However, negotiations recently stalled over the financial side of the deal leading to Wilder splitting with long-time promoter Premier Boxing Champions (PBC). Now, a free agent, the American is fielding offers from elsewhere and is understood to be interested in a crossover clash with former UFC heavyweight champion Francis Ngannou.