Finnish skier Remi Lindholm made headlines during last year’s Winter Olympics after suffering an ‘unbearable frozen penis’ during the men's 50km cross-country skiing race in Beijing. Brutally, it was the second time the 25-year-old had suffered the injury during his career with the sub-zero temperatures having a severe effect on his body. "When the body parts started to warm up after the finish, the pain was unbearable," Lindholm said after finishing 28th in the event. "You can guess which body part was a little bit frozen when I finished. It was one of the worst competitions I've been in. It was just about battling through”. It was the second time that he had suffered the injury while competing after facing the same problem during an event in Ruka, Finland in 2021. Lindholm has not chosen an easy event for his career as Cross-country skiing is well known as one of the most brutal sports on the Winter Olympic roster. Research shows that top athletes burn in excess of 1,000 calories in an hour, and collapsing at the finish line is not uncommon. Yet this, coupled with his two brutal injuries, has not stopped him from taking part in the sport and he has completed an extensive competition schedule over the last 12 months. Many of his appearances have come in the cross country skiing World Cup, a competition that runs between November and March each year. He has failed to experience much success so far in this year’s iteration finishing no higher than 11th in any of the races. He currently sits 49th overall with Norwegian skier Johannes Hosflot Klaebo leading the standings. He also did not experience much success while representing Finland at the World Championships, coming no higher than 22nd in any of his events. However, he has experienced more success in his homeland with his year-long high coming during the National Championships as he claimed gold in January this year. The 25-year-old beat Joni Maki and Niko Anttola to the win as he claimed the first trophy of his senior skiing career. “A day to remember,” he wrote on Instagram after the event. “Thank you so much to everyone for the great messages, for the encouragement at the track and for living in front of the TV”. It remains to be seen how the rest of Lindholm’s career will pan out but the Finn will certainly be hoping to avoid suffering a frozen penis for the third time in his career as he continues to compete in the arduous winter sport.