The RMT (Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers) union has suspended all industrial action on Network Rail following a new pay offer. The RMT National Executive Committee said there would be more updates in the coming days. The strike action was due to take place from 2am on March 16 until 01.59am on March 17. A ban on overtime was due to follow these strikes. Commuters have borne the brunt of a wave of strikes to hit the trains this winter as the RMT is locked in a long-running pay dispute with the government. A spokesman for the RMT said: "The RMT National Executive Committee has taken the decision to suspend all industrial action on Network Rail following receipt of a new offer from the employer. Further updates will be given on all aspects of the national rail dispute in the coming days."Network Rail chief executive Andrew Haines added: "We are relieved for our people, passengers and freight customers that industrial action in Network Rail has now been suspended. "We look forward to further information on plans for a referendum." There were fears the strikes could continue until the Autumn. However, the latest announcement has allayed these fears for now. Last month the RMT said offers of up to nine percent over two years from Network Rail and the other train companies were "dreadful" and had not met expectations. Hours earlier, rail bosses had issued an ultimatum to union leader, Mick Lynch, as commuters looked to be facing another set of strikes. The Rail Delivery Group (RDG) told the RMT union that national-level talks would not resume unless its "best and final" offer was put to union members. Transport secretary Mark Harper had asked the RMT union to let members consider the "good" pay offer on the table, he added he was pleased members of the TSSA union had accepted the offer. Mr Harper said: "I would urge the RMT to put the offers that they’ve had to their members and let their members make the decision, and I think they’re good offers. "And I think that their members ought to accept them and I hope the rail union RMT reconsiders their decision not even to put those offers to their members. “And if we get those offers delivered, we can all work together to deliver a better railway for passengers."The RMT is among a number of unions to strike this winter alongside teachers and members of the health service.