Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have not yet revealed whether they will attend King Charles's Coronation in May but the Royal Family will pay a heavy price if they do not meet the Duke halfway, one celebrity PR guru told Express.co.uk. Carla Speight's comments follow reports that Harry is demanding an apology from his brother and father before the Coronation. "With regards to the Coronation, I actually think it’s King Charles, Prince William, Princess Catherine and the Queen Consort that need to think about keeping up appearances," the PR expert said. She explained: "They need to show up as the happy family, which means they’ll have to work out the damning things that Harry has said." As with all family drama that plays out in the public domain, the current feud needs to be handled tactfully by all sides, Ms Speight suggested. And "public appearances need to be looking a lot different than they currently are". The PR expert contrasts the way the royals are currently handling the fallout with that of the late Queen who "prided herself on keeping up appearances, regardless of how bad family drama became, she kept most of it respectfully behind closed doors". READ MORE: 'It was a PR stunt!' Americans react to Harry and Meghan's exclusive date night in LA In Ms Speight's estimation, the Queen understood that the public looked to them for resilience and relied on them to set an example to us all. "But it seems the King is happy to let it all play out in public and remain stoically silent." The celebrity guru continues: "They really need to fix this if they want to be taken seriously and keep the public opinion on side", adding: "Especially William and Catherine. They are the loudest supporters of mental health issues and yet they ignore what Harry has been through. Is this what they will be like as the King and Queen? Full of strikingly obvious contradictions in their public and private life?" DON'T MISSPrince Harry's return to UK in jeopardy following eviction [LATEST]Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave [INSIGHT]Man in a scream costume terrorising public [REPORT] Ultimately, the Coronation offers a "fresh start" for the Royal Family to talk and move forward from this, claimed Ms Speight. "Harry wants to be listened to, they can’t ignore him anymore. If they do, they will lose the respect of the public, which could spell disaster for the future of the royal family’s public favour." The King's formal eviction of Harry and Meghan from Frogmore Cottage earlier this week suggests he is not too concerned with optics right now. Buckingham Palace let the Duke and Duchess of Sussex know about the plan to take away the property from them just days after Harry's tell-all memoir, Spare, was published worldwide, it has been claimed. READ MORE: King's eviction could be to block Harry deputising for him as Duke set to lose royal title Speaking to royal reporter Omid Scobie, a source close to the couple said: "It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. "It's like the family wants to cut them out of the picture for good. Harry and Meghan have until early summer to vacate. "Initially they were given just weeks, but now they have at least until after the coronation." The eviction places further strain on the relationship between the Sussexes and the Royal Family ahead of the Coronation. Royal commentators are divided on the decision to evict the Sussexes from their Buckingham Palace home. TalkTV's Dan Wootton tweeted: "I was concerned King Charles was being far too weak in his dealings with his treacherous son Prince Harry and destructive wife Meghan. But the decision to boot them from Frogmore Cottage after the unforgivable Spare is proof he isn’t going to take their crap forever. Good on him." Former BBC correspondent Peter Hunt took a different reading, tweeting that "much of the UK media will portray this eviction as a righteous act by a strong king. It’s anything but". Hunt explained: "Instead of building bridges the head of state is torching them. The banishment of his son is cruel, unnecessary and diminishes Charles."