Arsenal have dropped an early team news hint ahead of their Europa League clash with Sporting Lisbon on Thursday after Gabriel Jesus was filmed training at full speed alongside his Gunners team-mates. The north London giants qualified for the last 16 of Europe’s second-tier club competition after winning five of their six group matches. Arsenal shelled out £45million to prise Jesus away from Manchester City last summer as they handed the Brazil international a five-year contract. The 25-year-old enjoyed a sensational start to the campaign and bagged five goals in his first eight Premier League games to help his side storm to the top of the table. But he suffered a huge blow before Christmas as he injured his knee ligaments while playing at the World Cup. And he has been out of action ever since. Jesus was not expected to return to the pitch until after the upcoming international break. But on Wednesday, the star striker looked sharp as he joined in with Arsenal training. According to football.london, the Gunners players were involved in a possession and territory-based drill. And Jesus showed off how mobile he is with numerous sprints, tackles and duels. Read more... Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover boost, Chelsea face mass exodus [LATEST] If Jesus isn’t deemed fit enough to feature from the bench against Sporting, he could make an appearance when the Gunners take on Fulham at Craven Cottage in the Premier League on Sunday. And his imminent return will be music to the ears of Arsenal fans. Mikel Arteta’s side restored their five-point advantage over Manchester City at the Premier League summit on Saturday afternoon after the Citizens had temporarily closed the gap to two points following their victory over Newcastle earlier in the day. But the north Londoners were forced to do it the hard way.  Don't miss... Paul Merson on 'really, really tough' spell for Tottenham [EXCLUSIVE] Benni McCarthy said he'd KO Mourinho and played in an American gang [LATEST] Victor Osimhen gets the ultimate approval to join Man Utd [REACTION] The Gunners hosted Bournemouth as they hunted for their 20th top-flight win of the campaign but fell behind after just 9.11 seconds as Philip Billing struck. Marcos Senesi doubled the Cherries’ advantage just before the hour mark courtesy of a header - and the visitors appeared to be well on their way to a shock victory. But Arsenal regrouped and soon halved their deficit as Thomas Partey got his name on the scoresheet. And a goal from Ben White 20 minutes before the end set up an enthralling finale. The Gunners pushed forward in search of a winning strike as the seconds ticked away at the Emirates Stadium - and the goal finally arrived seven minutes into stoppage time at the end of the match as substitute Reiss Nelson fired the ball into the back of the net from 20 yards out. 