Sadiq Khan’s environmental crackdown on motorists could clobber people living in poorer neighbourhoods, according to fresh analysis. Data seen by the Daily Express lays bare how low-income households are likely to be hammered by new charges compared to those living in wealthier areas. It is the latest setback for the beleaguered Labour Mayor as opposition grows against his controversial plans to drastically expand London’s clean air zone. Around 200,000 more vehicles will be hit with the £12.50 daily charge in August when the Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) expands across Greater London, beyond the M25, reaching parts of the Home Counties. MPs from across all parties have urged the Mayor to rethink the plan or at the very least delay it to give people more time to replace their current non-complying vehicles. Rishi Sunak last month branded the move an “unfair” tax on thousands more drivers. Analysis by the TaxPayers' Alliance shows that three of the four poorest London boroughs are likely to pay among the highest percentage of total ULEZ fines. Enfield, Brent and Haringey could fork out double the proportion of overall fines relative to Westminster, Kensington and Chelsea and Richmond, according to the TPA. This is despite average incomes being as much as 50 percent lower. The data released also reveals that wealthier neighbourhoods are more likely to be able to adapt to the new ULEZ zones. The TPA says that after the existing Low Emission Zone (LEZ) was introduced, those living in affluent Kingston upon Thames, Hackney, Westminster and Kensington and Chelsea saw drops in their proportion of fines. By contrast, both Redbridge and Enfield's proportion of fines increased. Meanwhile, the data also reveals that non-London residents currently pay 85.7 percent of total LEZ fines. This is likely to increase dramatically once the expanded ULEZ begins. Conservative Party Chairman, Greg Hands MP said: "This shows that Sadiq Khan's ULEZ expansion will hit the poorest Londoners hardest. "Everyone agrees we need to improve air quality, but extending ULEZ risks devastating families and firms who cannot afford to upgrade their vehicles this quickly. "The mayor should stop taking road users for a ride and find other ways to tackle pollution." James Roberts, managing director at the TaxPayers' Alliance said: "Londoners are already suffering with Sadiq's van tax. "By extending this hated charge, the mayor will also hit taxpayers and tradesmen outside the capital. "City Hall needs to apply the brakes to this mindless attack on motorists." The ULEZ scheme charges older polluting vehicles - typically pre-2015 diesel cars and pre-2006 petrol vehicles - for driving within the zone in a bid to encourage motorists to buy newer, less polluting cars. Mr Khan is pressing ahead with the plans despite around 60 percent of respondents opposing it in a consultation. He says the expansion will prevent 27,000 tons of CO2 being emitted in outer London. A spokesperson for the Mayor of London said: “Around 4,000 Londoners are dying prematurely every year due to air pollution. The Mayor is determined to protect children who are growing up with stunted lungs and all those at risk of heart disease, cancer and dementia due to toxic air. Studies have shown that it’s the poorest Londoners, who are less likely to own a car, who are being affected the most by air pollution. More than 70 percent of households with an annual income under £10,000 do not own a car. “The Ulez has already reduced air pollution by nearly half in central London and by over a fifth in inner London. "This has helped to narrow the gap between the most and least deprived areas for exposure to nitrogen dioxide by up to 50 percent. But there’s still more to do to ensure everyone can breathe cleaner air. “The Mayor has launched the biggest ever scrappage scheme in London - £110m – to support low-income Londoners and small businesses. "And he continues to call on the Government to play its part in tackling air pollution by providing funding to help people in London and the surrounding areas to switch to greener vehicles, just like it has done for other parts of the country, including Birmingham, Bristol and Portsmouth.”