After nearly two months in the South African villa, it was time for host Maya Jama to reveal which couple would walk away with the huge £50,000 cash prize. However, when it was announced that Tom and Samie had finished in third place, ITV viewers were less than impressed. It’s safe to say it’s been a pretty eventful few weeks in the Love Island villa throughout the winter edition of the ITV2 dating show. There were tears, laughter, arguments, make-ups, break-ups, brutal dumplings and multiple recouplings throughout the series which all came to an end on Monday night. With Ron and Lana, Shaq and Tanya, Samie and Tom and Kai and Sanam the last couples standing, host Maya Jama entered the villa to reveal which one of them had won the show. After Shaq and Tanya finished in fourth, fans learnt that Tom and Samie had come in third place. READ MORE:Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks   Although many were thrilled to see Kai and Sanam crowned the winners of the series, viewers took to Twitter to share their outrage that Tom and Samie didn’t finish higher up. Crystxl_h tweeted: “Tom & Samie we’re ROBBED!!” Elcg24 blasted: “Samie and Tom should’ve won, not coming third! I’m sorry love island, so scripted.” Natallie2008 added: “Tom and Samie their place?! Wow; I thought they’d win or be 2nd at least #loveIsland.”  Mz_LaraCroft tweeted: “WTF??? Tom and Samie were robbed! This ain't right. WHO IS VOTING FOR RON AND LANA??!!! #loveisland.” Bailey_alicia said: “I thought Tom and Samie were gonna win!” Magcxnbizzlx fumed: “Omg Tom and Samie came 3rd??? I’m actually shocked . I thought Lana and Ron would.” However, the couple didn’t seem to mind not winning as they celebrated with their fellow islanders when Kai and Sanam were crowned champions.  Don't miss... The Chase's Anne Hegerty swipes she 'hates' Bradley Walsh  [LATEST] BBC licence fee 'needs to go' fumes Rees-Mogg [LATEST] Endeavour fans in tears over ‘cruel’ Morse and Joan Thursday twist [LATEST]  After congratulating the winners, Maya said: “You’ve won a massive £50,000. We love to see it. “The viewers chose you as their winning couple, everybody has fallen in love with you, and you’re meant to be together. How are you feeling?" Sanam replied: “I can’t believe it, I’m still shocked to even be here!” Before being crowned winners, Kai revealed he was looking forward to spending time together in the outside world.   He told Maya: “In here, it is amazing because you have so many people working around you. “Arranging the most amazing dates, doing the most amazing things and giving you the best experience ever. “But, I can’t wait to be able to put my time and effort into it, to show her how much I appreciate her. On the outside, I can do all that for her.” Love Island is available to catch up on ITVX. 