According to the experts at GardeningExpress.co.uk, if the lawn and garden are not well maintained, they can knock thousands of a property’s value. Besides general maintenance, homeowners should make an effort to keep their garden looking nice, adding some hanging baskets and pots which can add a splash of colour as well as soften hard landscaping. Chris Bonnett, the founder of GardeningExpress.co.uk, said: “Never overlook the garden when planning to sell your home, as it’s a huge selling point for many house hunters. “Potential buyers want to envision themselves living in your home, and they need to feel confident that they can do so. “A good rule of thumb when selling your house is to keep it looking neat by mowing the lawn, edging walkways and planting seasonal flowers. “You can also increase the value of the house by introducing colour to the outdoor space with potted plants and hanging baskets, and by dressing up the front garden for a good first impression.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ tip to get rid of washing machine mould Present the garden well by doing some decluttering and basic maintenance which can make a huge difference to the kerb appeal of a home. Make sure to cut the grass, do some weeding as well as getting rid of any rubbish which may be taking up space in the garden. The expert explained: “Hanging baskets add visual appeal and brighten up the garden. They are ideal for softening the hard landscaping and adding colour splashes. “They’re also a good solution for enjoying plants when you don’t have much garden space.” Don't miss... Three steps to effectively spray paint kitchen cabinets [COMMENT] Six ‘common’ gardening ‘mistakes’ to avoid this spring [EXPERT] Five common lawn ‘mistakes’ to avoid making now [INSIGHT] Planting mature specimens can provide an immediate impact, according to Chris, as it can help to improve the privacy of the garden. Although they can be a little more pricey, they’re a good solution if you’re wanting to make the garden look put together. 4. Dress up the front garden The pro noted: “First impressions are important, so make sure to pay attention to the appearance of your front garden. “This will be the first thing that the buyers coming for a viewing will see, so consider adding some greenery and getting rid of clutter to improve kerb appeal.” It is also important to make sure there are no weeds or overgrown plants in the front garden to help add to those all important first impressions. READ MORE: Monty Don shares gardening job ‘not’ to do in March - leave until June Gardeners should create stunning borders using low maintenance plants to help save time when it comes to gardening. This involves opting for drought-tolerant plants, hardy perennials as well as planting bulbs for a beautiful flowerbed and some seasonal colour. Chris continued: “Potted plants and containers help to dress the garden. They provide versatility, instant impact, colour and ambience. “You can also have some fun with different styles and materials of the containers and make them match the rest of your garden.” Pots and containers are also great for smaller gardens and those without flowerbeds to help add some colour into the space, and they don’t have to be expensive either. Using perspective to your advantage can really help to make the garden appear larger than it is, helping to add to the kerb appeal of a home without spending a lot of money. To do this, carefully position small, medium and larger plants in a sequence. According to the expert, the repetition and decreasing size as you go down the garden helps to create an optical illusion. Chris noted: “A fresh coat of paint or varnish on fences, sheds and other wooden features in your garden can make a huge impact. It will brighten and freshen up your garden and you can also choose a colour that will compliment the rest of your outdoor space.”