Speaker of the House of Commons Sir Lindsay Hoyle issued a brutal crackdown during a fiery exchange in Prime Minister's Questions, interrupting both the opposition leader and Rishi Sunak in an effort to quell yells and jeers emerging from either side of the House. Sir Keir Starmer and Mr Sunak clashed over the government's new immigration bill - which the Labour leader blasted as the Conservative Party's fifth attempt at a borders policy. Sir Lindsay at one point told a rowdy backbencher to "save his voice for the rugby" and suggested another stepped outside "for a cup of tea - strong, I imagine". Mr Sunak branded Sir Keir "another lefty lawyer standing in our way" as the Labour leader pointed out the tiny fraction of people who had been successfully deported with the government's controversial Rwanda policy. Sir Keir said: "He stood there last year saying exactly the same thing, we said it wouldn't work, they passed the law, the numbers went up." He later added less than 1percent of people arriving on small boats have had their claims processed, according to Government data. Mr Sunak retorted by claiming the opposition leader had a "free movement policy", which he denied, stating that no one in the Labour party was in favour of open borders. But both leaders were struggling to get a word in as a chorus of cheers and boos threatened to overwhelm the debate with every question. As Sir Keir struggled to be heard over the noise, the Speaker interrupted him to quieten the room, but was himself talked over until he said: "I think we've heard enough. I want to hear the questions and the answers, and it won't be interrupted." Rishi Sunak said the UK is "not alone in facing these challenges" in response to criticism of the large number of migrant Channel crossings. He added people who arrive in the UK illegally will be "detained and swiftly removed" under the Illegal Migration Bill, and claimed that Labour is in favour of "open door immigration and unlimited asylum". He also claimed that Sir Keir was "on the side of the people smugglers". Sir Keir responded that the government's response to the crisis so far had failed and they should be "apologising, not gloating." In response to the PM's "lefty lawyer" comment, the opposition leader said that when he was Director of Public Prosecutions, he extradited countless rapists, and claimed the conviction rate for people smuggling was twice what it is today.