Having gained a PhD in molecular biology from Bristol University, Dr Butler says: "Drinking milk – or any dairy product – can lead to heart disease." Dr Butler points out that milk, and milkshakes, "contain high amounts of saturated fat". She cited research from the Nurses’ Health Study, which found the consumption of high-fat dairy products was linked with a higher risk of heart disease. "On the other hand, vegans... have lower blood pressure and cholesterol levels than all other diet groups, and a much lower risk of heart disease," she added. An advocate for veganism, Dr Butler said: "The answer is simple: avoid dairy and go vegan." The British Heart Foundation dietitian Tracy Parker disputed the need to go dairy-free. "Dairy products don't need to be excluded from the diet to prevent heart and circulatory diseases," said Parker. READ MORE: Five sensations indicative of a 'dangerous' blood clot in the leg - 'get help' Mentioning that dairy is "already part of the Eatwell guide", Parker does, however, advise against full-fat dairy. "Don’t stock up on full-fat dairy," Parker said, adding that low or reduced-fat dairy is a better choice. "There’s unlikely to be any harm in choosing low or reduced-fat dairy products (as long as they don’t have added sugar to replace the fat)," she said. Low-fat dairy contains fewer calories, so it can also be "helpful if you are trying to manage your weight". Don't miss... Study finds plant-based meat alternatives can lower ‘bad’ cholesterol [RESEARCH] Paul Whitehouse could not have 'a cup of tea' – heart health [CELEB HEALTH] The red tea that could lower cholesterol - backed by studies [STUDIES] The Heart Foundation notes: "Unflavoured dairy milk can be part of a heart-healthy eating pattern. Most people can have regular or reduced-fat varieties." It says "unflavoured milk is ‘neutral’ for heart health, meaning it doesn’t increase or decrease the risk of heart disease". "Reduced-fat milk is a better option for people with heart disease or high cholesterol," the research charity adds. The charity is more concerned about sugary drinks when it comes to heart disease. READ MORE: Prioritise 3 types of food in your diet to aid sleep - 71% of Britons not sleeping enough "Sugary drinks include soft drinks, cordials, fruit drinks, sports drinks, energy drinks and iced teas," the charity clarifies. These sugar-sweetened beverages are high in calories while offering "little or no nutritional value". Another drink to cut down on, or completely eliminate, for better heart health is alcohol. "The risk of developing some heart conditions increases the more alcohol you drink," says the Heart Foundation. What does the NHS say? When it comes to milk, the total fat content "can vary a lot", so it's important to "look at the nutrition information on the label". Keep an eye out on the amount of fat, including saturated fat, salt, and sugar in any dairy products you choose. "For older children and adults, eating too much fat can contribute to excess energy intakes, leading to becoming overweight," the health body cautions. "A diet high in saturated fat can also lead to raised levels of cholesterol in the blood, and this can put you at increased risk of having a heart attack or stroke." Dr Justine Butler is the head of research at Viva!