Manchester United's recruitment team reportedly harbour the same 'concerns' over summer moves for Frenkie de Jong or Jude Bellingham. The pair are thought to be high on the Red Devils' hit list as Erik ten Hag prepares for another push to revamp the squad. The Dutchman looked to combat United's midfield depth issue by signing Christian Eriksen and Casemiro last summer. Both players have gone down extremely well with the fanbase, with Marcel Sabitzer also added to the club's ranks in January. More changes could be on the cards after Ten Hag's first season in charge, however, with some midfielders failing to convince United fans. Scott McTominay is one of the players that could make way with Newcastle believed to be interested. Fred is in a bright spell at present but his contract only runs until 2024, so United cashing in this summer is not entirely out of the question. Don't miss... Mauricio Pochettino 'ready to accept Tottenham job' if Conte quits [GOSSIP] Particularly if they are able to land either Bellingham or De Jong, who would inject serious quality into Ten Hag's midfield. United spent much of last summer chasing De Jong but the 25-year-old ultimately opted to stay with Barcelona. He and Ten Hag worked together at Ajax and the United boss is seemingly reluctant to give up the chase. Bellingham is also in the crosshairs although rival interest from Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid could make life difficult. Read more... Man Utd set for Henderson 'meeting' as Ten Hag makes his mind up [GOSSIP] Man Utd trio could move up pecking order after Liverpool mauling [COMMENT] Ronaldo to be reunited with ref Messi got kicked out of World Cup [LATEST] Therein lies the concern from the Red Devils' recruitment staff, as ESPN claim they feel that both transfers would be difficult to pull off. De Jong proved as much with his desire to stay in Catalonia several months ago, while Bellingham is one of the most sought-after names in Europe. United are in the midst of ownership uncertainty with the Glazers admitting to 'exploring strategic alternatives', although it is claimed that Ten Hag will have money to spend when the transfer window reopens.  It remains to be seen whether United's prospective return to the top four enhances their pulling power, or whether the transfer team's concerns are proven to be justified. Ten Hag is likely to get his hands on a midfielder one way or the other and plenty of alternative options should be available, with Leicester's Youri Tielemans and West Ham's Declan Rice among those linked.