Prince Andrew could be considering a new tell-all interview as part of his plan to work his way back into royal life, according to reports. The disgraced Duke of York has reportedly been discussing the idea with friends after believing he has a chance of redemption following his sex abuse scandal which he vehemently denies. Sources say Andrew has warmed to the idea of “telling his side” of events over the last two years, since his disastrous appearance on BBC Newsnight, reports the Mirror. A source close to the Duke said: “Nothing is off the table. Andrew has been made to give up his job and now potentially his home. He feels there is little else to lose when he has already paid an awfully high price.” Sources say the Duke favours a US broadcaster after taking note of Prince Harry’s exposure during a recent promotional tour for his explosive memoir, Spare. Andrew’s ex-wife Sarah Ferguson, who he still lives with in his 30-room Windsor mansion Royal Lodge despite the King ordering them to leave, has been slowly lifting the lid on the Duke’s plight. Fergie, who last week described the Duke as “poor Prince Andrew”, has also met with US journalist Daphne Barak.   She interviewed Andrew’s former pal Ghislaine Maxwell, who is serving 20 years in prison for sex crimes. The Mirror reported that the Duke has been approached by at least two major US broadcasters with offers of an interview taking place in the UK. Andrew stood down from all his royal duties and stripped of his military and charitable appointments after he paid Virginia Giuffre £12million in an out of court settlement, after she accused him of having sex with her when she was 17 in a civil lawsuit. He vehemently denies wrongdoing and the settlement is not an admission of liability. READ MORE: Lilibet and Archie's new titles spark concern after US war   Fergie, 63, who is currently on a global tour to promote her new novel, titled A Most Intriguing Lady, lamented how “sad” it is to watch her ex-husband’s “demise” in the eyes of the public. The King and other senior royals such as the Prince of Wales are likely to be infuriated at the thought of Andrew returning to the spotlight. Andrew was ridiculed after speaking to Emily Maitlis on Newsnight in November 2019, leading to his exit from royal life.  He claimed he had been “too honourable” when visiting his friend Epstein after he had been convicted. Don't miss... Prince Harry therapy session falls into 'Jerry Springer category' [COMMENT] Royals have dealt with Harry revelations but 'can't ignore threat' [LATEST] Why Lady Louise missed out on royal title as fans rage at 'sexism' [INSIGHT] The monarch believes his brother should “fade into the background”, according to royal sources. Andrew has been offered Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s five bedroom Frogmore Cottage after the eviction of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Andrew is also furious that the King may ban him from wearing ceremonial robes to his May 6 coronation. A royal source said: “To say relations between the two brothers is a little fraught at present would be a huge understatement.” Buckingham Palace did not comment.  