F1 veteran Fernando Alonso was dubbed 'Darth Alonso' by fans after scaring a Spanish television presenter with an impressive near miss. The 41-year-old won his first karting race aged seven before going on to have a successful F1 career and will start his 20th season in the series this weekend. During his karting days Alonso won the Spanish championship as a junior three times before moving on to Formula 3000 and quickly into F1. The veteran motorsport star showed he still has impressive karting skills during a television programme on Movistar Plus+. As part of the '#Vamos on wheels' television programme a new segment named 'The fastest lap of Fernando Alonso' will see celebrities challenge a time posted by the Aston Martin star. The segment will consist of 20 episodes in which celebrities will try to beat the fastest Alonso time around their karting track. To launch the new feature Alonso was on hand to showcase his karting skills and scared the show's presenter. The star pulled a wheelie as he raced up to her causing the helpless host to put her hands out in an attempt to stop him. DON'T MISS: Fernando Alonso's reason for missing Bahrain dinner emerges amid challenge to F1 rivals Alonso then performed donuts circling the presenter before skidding to stop an inch from her shoes. The show's host looked genuinely scared leaning over and covering her face as Alonso halted the kart. Fans on Reddit were impressed by the skills of the Spaniard with one posting a video of the stunt with the comment: "Darth Alonso bullying a TV presenter on a Movistar Plus tv show publicity." Another fan added: "She got legit scared in the end!"  Other fans believed that Alonso was using his skills to try and impress the television presenter. "Alonso teaching Flirting 101," added another fan. They were supported by another commenter who said: "I've watched Tokyo Drift, that's a mating dance." Others were impressed with the control of the go-kart which Alonso showed, as one fan commented: "I think the kart is afraid of Fernando. What a drive." Another person complimented the presenter for staying calm while Alonso performed donuts around her feet. They added: "That is insane control and props to that presenter for remotely keeping her calm there." 