New weather maps show the first snow of March sweeping across southern England in a matter of hours. Charts from WXCharts, which uses data from MetDesk, shows snowfall has already settled in Scotland, with a light covering of approximately 1cm over Inverness this morning. By this afternoon, the maps show that parts of England will see similar totals, with some areas seeing snow for the first time in 2023. The maps show the core system carrying snow will arrive over the Midlands by 3pm today. People living around Manchester can expect similar totals to Scotland with 1cm this afternoon, with parts of England further north seeing up to 2cm. On Tuesday morning, the snow will have arrived over southern England, reaching London by 6am on March 7. The snowy system will later extend to the southern coast, settling over Southampton by 9am, the weather maps show. READ MORE: Exactly when and where bone-chilling snow blast to hit this week While the snow is venturing further south, it likely won't settle any thicker than elsewhere. WXCharts shows the totals will remain comparatively shallow in southern England, remaining at around 1cm throughout the day. The maps suggest the snow will only gradually thicken over Scotland throughout the rest of the day. By the late evening on Tuesday, snow totals at elevated areas in and around Inverness could reach up to 25cm.  The heightened snow risk in Scotland shown on the charts is in line with a warning from the Met Office. The weather agency has placed a snow and ice warning over the country throughout Monday and Tuesday. The warning states that sleet and rain will mix in with the heavy snow early this week. It reads: "A band of rain, sleet and snow is expected to move south during Monday followed by frequent snow and hail showers." "Whilst the highest accumulations of 5 to 10cm are most likely over northern Scotland, there is a small chance of more organised and persistent spells of snow developing elsewhere in this area, and could bring 2 to 5cm even at lower levels. "Into Monday night, showers are expected to continue, and ice is likely to form on untreated surfaces where snow has melted by day."