After a number of thrilling wins in Formula One, Lewis Hamilton and the Union Jack flag have become a formidable sight on the podium. However, the seven-time F1 world champion has been questioned on his accent over time, with some wondering if he has links to the United States. Over the years, the Mercedes driver having an American accent has been questioned several times. Hamilton, born in Stevenage, England, spent time during his childhood living in European countries. Residing in such European states is believed to have affected the development of his accent. The Brit also moved to the US as a teenager. Hamilton claims his US twinge naturally happened to him due to his surroundings, as well as listening to American music. During Sky Sports F1's 2019 series Small Talk, Hamilton was asked by a young fan: "You sound a bit American. Why is that?" Laughing off the question, Hamilton revealed: "I have a really mixed accent, I don't know why. I think what it was, was that my dad always gave me a lot trouble, because he said I would mumble so I’d always stutter my words when I was younger. "Then I started traveling to Europe, so I was a lot in France and Italy and I started speaking a lot of Broken English. Then I spent a lot of time in an American Airbase when I was young. "Naturally, all the music I listen to is American, so sometimes you just accidentally pick up the twang." Hamilton has defended his British origin on several occasions, as he stated in another interview: "This is where my heart is - I am fully British." He added: "I guess over time I will do more positive things for the country. I go to these races and I lift the British flag proudly. There is no-one else in the sport that has raised it so high." Hamilton was officially given his knighthood from the Prince of Wales at Windsor Castle in December 2021. The 38-year-old was awarded his knighthood in the New Year Honours list after matching Michael Schumacher with his seventh Formula One Drivers' Championship. He appeared at Windsor Castle alongside his mother Carmen, who watched her son become the fourth F1 driver in history to be knighted, following on from Sir Jackie Stewart, Sir Stirling Moss and Sir Jack Brabham.