Last week, ITV viewers watched the harrowing scenes between Amy Barlow (played by Elle Mulvaney) and Aaron Sandford (James Craven) as he made the decision for them to have sex while she was passed out drunk. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Elle revealed how she has been supported onset while filming the non-consent storyline.   On Friday night, Coronation Street viewers watched as friends Aaron and Amy were drawn to one another after his argument with his girlfriend Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby). Ever since she found out he’d been in contact with his ex Mia, there’s been trouble between the couple as Amy found herself caught in the middle. Despite the two girls falling out as Amy seemed to side with Aaron, they all decided to head off for a cocktail night at the Bistro. However, while alone in the flat beforehand, they shared a kiss before going to meet all their friends including Summer. READ MORE:SNL pays touching tribute to John Head as NBC show airs title card   The atmosphere between the three of them was too much to handle while in the group which resulted in Aaron and Amy heading back home to drink their sorrows away. As they continued to drink a considerable amount, Amy headed off to her room to get more drink before taking a fall. Rushing to see if she was okay, Aaron helped her onto the bed as they shared another drunken kiss, but Amy stated she felt sick and turned away from him on her side. As she lay unconscious in bed, viewers saw Aaron make the decision to have sex with her as they saw a scene of her underwear being thrown on the floor.   In scenes set to air next week, Amy has no memory of the night as she meets Aaron for lunch who tells her things went too far and they shouldn’t have had sex which leaves Amy horrified. Later on, Summer reveals she’s hoping to go to Manchester University in order to be close to Aaron, although Amy advises her to look further afield, leaving Summer bemused. Speaking to Aaron later on, he makes out that he was as drunk as she was as he begs Amy not to tell Summer that they slept together. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media press, actress Elle touched on the support she’s had following the storyline. DON'T MISS... Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection [REACTION] BBC Breakfast host jokes he'll leave over 'natural' young reporter [VIDEO] Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [INSIGHT]    When asked how difficult she found filming the rape scene, she confessed it’s been hard at certain moments. The soap star said: “It has been challenging at times but I feel that we’ve been very, very well supported. “Myself and James have both had numerous people come up to us during the storyline and check in with us and ask how we are. “Also just working with James has been brilliant because every step of the way he’s gone, ‘Are you comfortable with this? What do you think about this?’   “So having that person to kind of hold your hand is really really nice. “Especially with something like this because it’s such a sensitive topic and it can get challenging. “When you’re doing crying scenes all day or you’re talking about rape all day, it does take a toll.” Coronation Street continues Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays on ITV from 8pm.