Widely regarded as the greatest football player to ever represent the United States, Landon Donovan featured a remarkable 157 times for his country and was a fan favourite wherever he went. His pace, composure in front of goal, unmatched work rate and selfless play put Donovan in a class that no footballer in America can match. Over the course of his glittering career, Donovan won the MLS Cup six times - twice with the San Jose Earthquakes and four times with LA Galaxy, as well as playing in the Bundesliga for Bayer Leverkusen and Bayern Munich, and the Premier League for Everton. His icon status in the game was cemented after becoming the joint all-time USMNT goal scorer with fellow compatriot Clint Dempsey. Unknown at the age of 16, Donovan claimed the Golden Ball award in the under-19 World Championship. He signed a contract in Germany, where he was then sent out on loan to the San Jose Earthquakes and led them to the MLS Championship. His climb reached its height in 2002, when he officially cemented his name in the hearts of American soccer lovers after scoring two goals in the World Cup to propel the nation to the quarter-finals - their first time since 1930. However, like many cinematic characters, Donovan faced a fall from grace and was exiled from Bayern Leverkusen twice and Bayern Munich once after failing to make any impression at all in Europe. Easily the lowest point in his career, Donovan was down and out and looked to be another lost kid in the grand scheme of the game. However, at the ripe age of 28, he joined Everton on loan in 2010 and all his trials and tribulations were soon a distant memory. While with the Merseysiders, he enjoyed 13 outings in all competitions, scored two goals and was named the club's Player of the Month for January. He then carried the USMNT on his back in the 2010 World Cup. Donovan scored three goals in four games, including the late winner against Algeria that gave the USA its first win in eight years. The American rejoined Everton in January 2012 for another loan spell, playing in seven Premier League matches in total. He failed to score but contributed seven assists, including two when helping the Toffees beat Fulham 2-1 to reach the FA Cup fifth round. His time at Everton was deemed a success and a few clubs made enquiries about signing him on a permanent basis, but the pull of Los Angeles meant it was just a fleeting visit to the Premier League. He retired at the end of the 2014 MLS season but returned to play a few games for the Galaxy in 2016 to help their injury crisis. Having hung up his boots with the Galaxy for a second time at the end of the campaign, Donovan again came out of retirement when joining Mexican side Club Leon in 2018. He made his debut on February 10, 2018 as an 83rd-minute substitute in a 2-1 triumph over Club Puebla. Donovan, who once admitted to being an "Evertonian for life", joined several other Americans including Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan in becoming a part owner of Swansea City in 2016. In an interview with the BBC back in 2021, Donovan revealed that they wanted "to do what's right by the club" by leading them back to the Premier League. As well as playing a part at Swansea, Donovan also joined Lincoln City as a strategic advisor as part of a new investment deal in 2021. Lincoln, who play in League One, revealed that Donovan's role is to work with the front office to enhance the club's profile in North America. And the American believes Lincoln have a genuine chance of one day making the Premier League. He told The Sun: "We’ve seen teams such as Burnley, Bournemouth and Brentford get into the Premier League and that is the reward for doing things the right way. "I’ve been impressed with the work Liam, Clive and Jez are doing and I believe that group of people at Lincoln can give that club the chance to get there one day."