Manchester United’s on-loan striker Wout Weghorst was spotted touching the famous ‘This Is Anfield’ sign prior to the Red Devils’ 7-0 defeat to Liverpool on Sunday. The Netherlands forward started the game in a midfield role that surprised some supporters, but they were even more shocked after noticing his antics prior to the game. Previously unseen footage has shown that before kick-off as both teams were walking out of the crowded Anfield tunnel to the pitch, Weghorst lifted his hand up to touch the sign that can be seen above the door as players walked out to take their places for the game. Touching the sign is often a tradition for Liverpool players, but it is rare for a rival player to do so before taking on Jurgen Klopp’s outfit. Fans were surprised to see Weghorst touch the sign before a crucial derby and many took to social media to express their views. One supporter @DeludedDiaz felt that it was the event that ensured that a humiliation against their fierce rivals would be confirmed. “The moment we were doomed,” they wrote on Twitter. Another fan believes that Weghorst needs to explain the video that has since surfaced following his side’s defeat. “He needs to give [an] explanation for it,” @San7cho_Szn wrote. However, others could understand how Weghorst may have wanted to touch the sign. @SammyAFC_ added: “Might be the only time he ever plays there.. why miss the chance to touch it.” Don't miss... Man Utd 'make contact with Kane camp' and have strong Levy belief [LATEST] The sign has been iconic at Anfield and different Liverpool managers have had their superstitions regarding it, as ex-Reds midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum explained that Klopp did not allow the squad to touch it before winning the Champions League in 2019. “Boss wouldn’t let us tough the sign until we won a trophy…now is the time,” wrote Wijnaldum before the first home game after lifting the Champions League trophy. However, Weghorst may have felt compelled to do so as someone who has admired Liverpool for several years. “I always found Liverpool very special. I still get goosebumps from ‘You’ll Never Walk Alone’. There are other great English clubs too, and I always liked Milan because so many Dutch played there,” Weghorst told DAZN in 2020. Don't miss... Scholes wants Man Utd to axe Weghorst and Neville and Keane may agree [LATEST] Man Utd stars 'dreamt of title in WhatsApp chat' before Liverpool loss [LATEST] Man Utd takeover latest as staff get response to concerns [LATEST] “I am ambitious and want to get ahead. Maybe at some point play at another club, whether in Germany or in England? But at the moment it is still far away. I feel good and try to achieve the maximum here.” Two years earlier, he told Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf: “I’ve dreamt of [playing for Liverpool] since childhood.” Weghorst has not yet commented on touching the sign before the embarrassing defeat, as he and his United team-mates will hope to put the pieces back together and start with victory against Real Betis in the Europa League on Thursday.