Currently, drivers are seeing average prices for petrol of 147.4p per litre, while diesel remains almost 20p more expensive at 166.5p per litre. For those drivers wanting to pay more for a higher quality of fuel with super unleaded will cost them 163.65p per litre. While fuel prices have been falling, the cost of living crisis continues to hammer drivers making motoring harder. Drivers can save on fuel without even stepping foot in their car, by checking online which filling stations near them are selling fuel at the cheapest rate. Websites like AA and PetrolPrices will show the most up-to-date prices for petrol and diesel so drivers can get the best offer and not pay over the odds. The main contributor to fuel consumption aside from distance travelled is speed, as faster driving uses fuel inefficiently - the optimal fuel-efficient speed for most cars is 45 to 50 mph. READ MORE: Drivers warned of huge £10,000 fines for hitting a pothole The heavier the car the more fuel the engine will need to travel at the same speed as a lighter vehicle so taking the golf clubs out of the boot and not filling the tank to the brim will help make fuel go further. Greg Wilson, Founder of Quotezone.co.uk, advised drivers of the significant savings they could make when changing small motoring habits. He said: “Frugal drivers can get the maximum mileage from the fuel tank by incorporating money-saving driving techniques into their everyday journeys. “Eco-driving can have a huge impact on how much money you spend at the petrol pump. Don't miss... Elderly drivers told to renew licence as DVLA issue urgent warning [SHOCKING] Avoid 'detrimental' car button when clearing frost and snow [WARNING] Electric cars may cover up to 30 percent fewer miles in winter [REVEALED] “Besides choosing the cheapest petrol station and the right speed, there are a number of other simple tricks that can help you make fuel go further, including decluttering the boot and checking tyre pressure.” Drivers should remove excess weight including any unneeded items like roof racks, bike racks and seasonal items including deck chairs and coolers. If the car is heavier, the engine has to work harder to move forward resulting in higher fuel consumption. Regular maintenance can also ensure that the car runs efficiently, boosting the fuel economy of the vehicle. READ MORE: Drivers warned of common items to never leave in their car It may be costly to service the car, especially if there are issues which need to be resolved, but it can save a lot of money in the long run. Sudden braking and speeding up burns more fuel and that’s why it’s important to gauge the flow of traffic. Gentle acceleration and steady speed ensure the most economical use of fuel, helping drivers save even more money. Similarly, switching into the highest possible gear keeps the revs low which saves fuel and delivers a more satisfying driving experience. For example, at a 40 mph speed, the car will consume 25 percent more fuel in third gear compared to fifth. Under normal conditions, the gears should be changed when the revs are between 1,500 and 2,000 rpm. Drivers should also ensure they are switching the engine off when they are not moving for a long period of time. With the freezing temperatures being seen around the UK at the moment, some drivers may be idling to warm their engines up and clear away frost from their windscreens. This may also apply to motorists being stuck in traffic with delays from the snowfall, with experts urging them to turn their engines off. Not only is it incredibly harmful for the environment but can burn through fuel very quickly since the car is not moving. Motorists may also be slapped with a fine depending on where this is done. In London, drivers can be fined up to £80 for leaving their engine running, especially in areas where emissions protections exist.