Kate, Princess of Wales and Queen Camilla are style icons in their own right and have very different personal tastes. However, on one royal occasion, the pair were practically twins in colour-coordinated outfits. Kate Middleton stepped out at Trooping the Colour 2018 wearing a pale duck egg blue dress by Alexander McQueen. Royal fans could only catch a glimpse of the upper part of Kate's dress as it was concealed in the carriage and on the balcony at Buckingham Palace. However, it looked to be a midi-style dress falling below the knee, not too short in keeping with royal protocol. Kate's dress boasted statement puffy shoulders, three-quarter length sleeves and a squared neckline. READ MORE: Expert shares whether or not Zara Tindall can wear mini dresses It also nipped in at the waist with a subtle panel to accentuate Kate's fabulous and slim figure. As for jewellery, the then Duchess kept things simple with a dainty diamond necklace and matching diamond drop earrings. The real show stopper of the look was her cartwheel fascinator adorned with ribbons and white flowers by Juliette Botterill. Elegant as ever, she wore her hair in a perfect chignon secured at the nape of her neck. Don't miss... 'Meanest sign' according to Chinese zodiac [ASTROLOGY] Hair expert warns against style which 'draws attention to crows feet' [EXPERT] Face yoga for a 'softer' face and 'natural glow' - no 'worry lines' [EXCLUSIVE] Kate's makeup was relatively natural, a peach lip with slightly rouged cheeks, a touch of bronzer and a smokey eye. Princess Charlotte was her mini-me in a cute blue and white pinafore, with a little red bow in her hair for a pop of colour. Camilla was Kate's double in a darker duck egg blue coat dress, which is a classic Camilla staple. This was covered in what appeared to be tiny white triangles, creating a subtle snakeskin look against the duck egg blue. READ MORE: Kate's style choice that Diana wouldn't have gone for - pictures Complementing the look, Camilla carried a silver clutch and a pair of off-white gloves. She opted for classic yet statement pearl jewellery as opposed to Kate's diamonds. She wore her signature pearl-drop earrings - clip-on of course because Camilla famously revealed she will never get her ears pierced - and one of her favourite necklaces. This was the Four-Stranded Necklace with Round Diamond Clasp, which Camilla can often be seen sporting at daytime royal engagements. Like Kate, the now Queen Consort opted for a chic headpiece - a blue hat adorned with large blue and white ribbons. These were the exact colours on Kate's fascinator. Underneath her hat she wore her buttery blonde locks in her signature flicked out style. As for makeup Camilla went for a purple-hued lipstick, rouged cheeks and dark eyeliner.