Jonnie Irwin, 49, has hit back at an online follower who advised him to “spend your final days/weeks with your kids”, after he shared a post about clothes he had received for a photo shoot. The former A Place In The Sun host is battling incurable lung cancer after being diagnosed with the disease in August 2020. On Instagram yesterday, in view of his 158,0000 followers, Jonnie shared a photo of a checkered jacket paired with a tweed-style waistcoat. He typed: “Photo shoot tomorrow and new garments arrived bang on time. “As ever, all about the layers, this time top to toe in @formandthread." In a since-deleted tweet, one user replied: “Shouldn’t you be spending your final days/weeks with your kids rather than doing all this paid publicity? Just saying." READ MORE: Nicole Kidman sparks concern at Oscars in sloppy kiss with Keith Urban Jonnie hit back: “It was a shoot with my family, but just to confirm, you are the worst human. The presenter first revealed his diagnosis to the public in November and disclosed that the cancer had spread to his brain. As of February, Jonnie started undergoing hyperbaric oxygen therapy as part of his treatment. It involves inhaling pure oxygen in a pressurised environment, a procedure known as hyperbaric oxygen therapy. The final stages of lung cancer may be accompanied by symptoms such as pain, shortness of breath due to fluid build-up, persistent cough, fatigue, muscle loss, and weight loss. Jonnie shared a photo of a portable hyperbaric oxygen therapy chamber he used after visiting a treatment centre on foot. The image was captioned with the words: "And at the end of this walk…is this… #hyperbaricoxygentherapy." DONT MISS:Michelle Gomez explains why she turned down Doctor Who role (PHOTOS)Pregnant Rihanna dons bondage-inspired Oscars gown before baring bump (NEWS)Michelle Yeoh on 'beacon of hope' for Asian community after Oscar win (LATEST) In November, TV presenter and broadcaster Jonnie made a heartbreaking admission in an interview with Hello! Magazine. He revealed that he "doesn't know how long" he has left to live after being first diagnosed with lung cancer in August 2020. The star said that he first realised something was wrong when he experienced blurry vision while filming the show. Jonnie is recognised for his role as a host on both Channel 4's A Place in the Sun and BBC's Escape To The Country, and has been transparent about his condition and how it impacts him and his family. When asked if his children understand what he is going through, Jonnie told the Daily Mail: "Not yet. When I'm frailer or in bed for days we might. "If you have 20 days left, why spend them in mourning and confusion? "Why not just have 15 days of pure, blissful ignorance and five days of knowing the facts? "I'm not looking forward to the chat with Rex. We're still thinking about it. “I’ve learnt that it's best to do nothing if you're unsure."