Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp insists Manchester United competing on four fronts doesn't help them at all ahead of Sunday's clash at Anfield. The German has labelled the Red Devils a "results machine" leading into the much-anticipated encounter.  United won the first trophy of the season last Sunday when they beat Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final. They followed that up by knocking West Ham out of the FA Cup on Wednesday to reach the quarter-final stage. Erik ten Hag's side are also in the last-16 of the Europa League, where they face Real Betis. Klopp believes United are firmly in the Premier League title race, despite being 11 points adrift of leaders Arsenal. Liverpool host United on Sunday and will be aiming to put a stop to their rivals' rich vein of form. Ten Hag has to juggle his squad to compete for three further trophies. But Klopp doesn't think that will have an impact on the weekend's game. Speaking at his press conference, he said: "How could that help or hinder us? I'm not sure they look at that but I know the situation you constantly get asked. READ MORE: Man Utd star Greenwood may play again this season as Red Devils 'receive offers'  "You just want to focus on the next game. In their case they won the League Cup final which is a wonderful feeling but then you realise you have no time to celebrate, you play just a few days later, so you have to be ready again and again and again. "It has nothing to do with us. They have done really well this year and are where they are. "They've turned into a results machine, they've squeezed results out, they've played really good performances, top football and if it's not going that well they still get results. So that's why they are there. "They are fully in a fight for winning the league but not really important for Sunday. We are there as well and we will try to be at our best." DON'T MISSChelsea have world-class manager to appoint who wants job 'ASAP' if Potter sackedMan Utd may target 'monster' centre-back as Maguire replacement in 'convenient' dealLiverpool offered glimmer of hope as Barcelona give Klopp perfect Real Madrid gameplan  After years of chasing their rivals, United are finally having a better season than Liverpool. But Klopp says that will also have no impact at Anfield. He added: "They have had a better season so far but thank God it means absolutely nothing on Sunday. We have to make sure we show it is still incredibly difficult to play against us. "We have to make sure they realise that. I couldn't be less interested in what Man Utd are doing, I just respect it. "I see them when we analyse them and we will try to cause more problems than [the August game]." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 