CVC Capital Partners, who previously owned Formula One, have made a bumper £125m ($150m) investment in women's tennis, which is set to help Emma Raducanu and co in the long run. The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) have announced that they have entered a "strategic partnership" with CVC, with the private equity firm "investing capital indirectly via its managed funds and acting as a catalyst to drive growth of the sport". CVC have a long history of heavily investing in sport and, along with owning F1 between 2006 and 2017, paid around £503m in 2021 to buy a cricket team in the Indian Premier League and acquired a stake in the Six Nations rugby union tournament that same year for £365m. Their £125m investment in women's tennis gives CVC a 20% stake in the WTA's commercial subsidiary WTA Ventures LLC and WTA Chairman and CEO Steve Simon said the partnership would "move our sport to the next level" with one of the benefits increased prize money for players. JUST IN: Netflix renews tennis documentary Break Point for second season In a statement, Simon said: "I am excited for the next chapter of the WTA whose future will continue to push the growth of women's professional tennis. It is truly fitting that we are celebrating 50 years of the WTA alongside the introduction of this landmark and historic opportunity. "This partnership with CVC brings experience, a network and capital to move our sport to the next level, embracing the ambition of our founding members, urging women's tennis beyond its barriers and pioneering new standards for a more equitable and valuable sport." World No. 1 Iga Swiatek said she was "inspired to be a part of the evolution of women's tennis", while World No. 4 Jessica Pegula hailed the move as "exactly what women's tennis needs". Don't miss... Biden sent strong message over 'Djokovic ban' that's costing US £67bn [LATEST] Sam Smith slammed by tennis star Nick Kyrgios over ‘fisherthem’ remark [LATEST] Nadal snubbed for Djokovic as Alcaraz looks to add to Grand Slam haul [LATEST] "I am proud to be a part of the WTA, as they are committed to innovating the sport, investing in the players, and promoting us all over the world," Swiatek said. "I'm inspired to be a part of the evolution of women's tennis and building out the next 50 years of the WTA." Pegula added: "This is exactly what women's tennis needs and I'm excited for what’s to come. For so long, we've been championing the sport for women across the world and it's great to have the investment and belief in the players and WTA product."