An unborn baby was among those killed in a brutal shooting in Hamburg last night after being shot in its mother's womb. Seven people were killed by a shooter in the "Kingdom Hall" building, who then took his own life. The other victims were four men and two women. Eight people were also wounded, four of them seriously. Member of Bundesrat for Hamburg Andy Grote told a press conference today: "Among the dead there is also an unborn child, seven months, that was hit in the mother's womb." Police have revealed that the perpetrator is Philip F., a former Jehovah's Witness, who left after an "ill feeling" developed. The perpetrator is said to have been "enraged" against religious people - and particularly those of his former community. The shooter, whose backpack contained massive amounts of ammunition, was known to have a license for a legal sports pistol. Police had performed a surprise check-up on Phillip last month but they found nothing suspicious, police said.   Ralf Martin, chief of Hamburg Police said Phillip was understood to be "enraged against religious people, particularly Jehovah's witnesses". He left the congregation around 18 months ago but there were reportedly "ill feelings" since 2014. A spokesperson for German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, Christiane Hoffmann, referred to it as a “shooting rampage” rather than a suspected terrorist attack. She said: "The suspected perpetrator shot at several people during an event held by the congregation. Our thoughts in these difficult hours are with the relatives, families and friends of the victims and with those who were wounded by this act. We wish the wounded a swift recovery." Officers appeared to reach the hall while the attack was ongoing — and even heard one more shot after they arrived, according to witnesses and authorities. A police spokesman confirmed that officers did not use their own firearms. The head of Germany's GdP police union in Hamburg, Horst Niens, said he was convinced that the swift arrival of a special operations unit "distracted the perpetrator and may have prevented further victims."  A special operations unit that was nearby reached the site at 9:09 and was able to separate the gunman from the congregation, Hamburg’s state Interior Minister Andy Grote said. "We can assume that they saved many people’s lives this way," he told reporters during a news conference. Grote called the shooting "the worst crime that our city has experienced recently." He added: "It is a horrific crime. A very cruel crime. In Hamburg we have experienced many things but somebody running amock like that is something that we have not experienced in the past. "We see it on television and happening elsewhere but we never thought it might happen in our city."