Suella Braverman is said to have expressed her concern after West Yorkshire police recorded a “hate incident” over four school children allegedly causing “slight damage” to a copy of the Quran. Authorities became involved at Kettlethorpe High School in Wakefield, after a Year 10 pupil, who is autistic, was told to bring in a copy of the Islamic holy book by friends after losing at a video game. After allegedly being dropped in a corridor the book was damaged and as a result, the four boys were suspended for a week. The police intervened after rumours began to spread that the book had been set alight. The Times reported that a source close to Suella Braverman described the reports as “very concerning”. “The home secretary is clear that the police response should always be proportionate and consider the welfare of young children as a priority over any perceived insults.” Humanists UK said that the school’s decision to suspend the boys was “horrendous” and it had been “pressured into excessive disciplinary action by a religious group”. “Kettlethorpe High School’s safeguarding policy clearly states that it will ‘give special consideration’ to those with special needs: immediate suspension for a harmless, if perhaps misguided, prank where no violence took place, and leaving the children open to threats of physical violence as a result, would seem to run contrary to that policy. “We offer our support and advice on freedom of religion or belief to any of the parents involved.” The mother of the 14-year-old autistic boy told a news conference in a local mosque that she knew what her son did was “incredibly disrespectful” but insisted he did not have any “malicious intent”. She described him as “very very silly” but said due to his autism he “doesn’t always realise what is appropriate and what’s not appropriate”. In the video, which has received more than 1.5 million views on Twitter, she went on to say her son did not understand “how sacred” the Quran is and that “he is utterly mortified”. The clip was posted on 26 February. The mum said her boy hadn’t “eaten since Wednesday afternoon” because his “anxiety is at a level where he is beside himself”. “He has received death threats, he has received threats that he will be beaten up if he goes back to school. He is absolutely terrified.” The mum assured the attendees at the mosque that “going forward” she will make sure “he does more research on Islam”. The school's head said: “Yesterday, we were made aware of a situation in school with the Quran. We would like to reassure all our community that the holy book remains fully intact and that our initial enquiries indicate there was no malicious intent by those involved. “However, we have made it very clear that their actions did not treat the Quran with the respect it should have, so those involved have been suspended and we will be working with them to ensure they understand why their actions were unacceptable. "This morning, we met with our local Muslim community leaders, local councillors and police to share all the information we currently know, the action taken and the immediate steps we have taken to reinforce the values and behaviour we expect from every member of this school community to ensure that all religions are respected. "Kettlethorpe High School is an inclusive school where we want all our pupils to feel safe and secure. Understanding and respecting each other is a fundamental part of who we are and we are coming together and learning from this. With the support of our local Muslim community leaders, we are continuing to investigate thoroughly. "We’d like to thank them for their support to help us ensure we are taking the necessary action and for working with us." Express.co.uk has approached the Home Office for comment.