Rafel Jeanne's old school has paid tribute to a "joyful" former pupil who was a "sincere friend" and "well respected" after he was killed in a car crash in Cardiff. Mr Jeanne, 24, died in a collision alongside Eve Smith and Darcy Ross, both 21. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, remain in a critical condition after the Volkswagen Tiguan they were in left the A48(M) in Cardiff and hit trees in the St Mellons area of the city. Officers believe the car was involved in a collision and left the road. Welsh-medium secondary school Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf shared a tribute on Twitter. The school, in Llandaf, Cardiff, praised Mr Jeanne's "energetic, enthusiastic approach" and his "warm smile" which "attracted people to him and marked his character". It added: "Rafel was a popular and happy pupil, keen to support others, indeed seeing his development during his time at school was proof of his maturity and consistent effort within the school community." Mr Jeanne was also praised for being "a joyful pupil, full of life and energy at school, popular within his year group and a very sincere friend who was well respected among his classmates". School staff extended their condolences to Mr Jeanne's family and friends, adding they felt delighted and proud to have known him as a member of the secondary. News of the tribute emerged on the same day as Ms Smith's father, Everton, shared photos and a tribute to his daughter on Facebook. He wrote: "It’s taken a couple of days and I just can’t believe what has happened, the pain and numbness constantly reminding me that I will never see my beautiful daughter Eve again." READ ABOUT A PARKING ROW ERUPTING IN BRISTOL Everton added: "I would give anything to hear her sing a song again, fly high my queen. I loved you more than words can say and will cherish the 21 years I had with you bossing my life! "My family & I would appreciate time to grieve and [mourn]. Thank you." The group had been to a social club in Maesglas, Newport, on Friday and are thought to have then travelled 40 miles to the Trecco Bay area of Porthcawl. Police are investigating the crash as well as an "altercation" at a caravan site which reportedly happened hours before the fatal smash. Don't miss... British Army told to stop giving out ceremonial daggers after murder [REPORT] Foul-mouthed pub parrot banned from watching TV after dropping F-bomb [REVEALED] Trump praises Carlson as texts show Fox host ‘passionately hates' him [LATEST] The clash is believed to have taken place at Trecco Bay caravan park in Porthcawl, where the group of friends travelled after leaving the Muffler nightclub on Friday night. After failing to go home, the five were reported missing by their families. But family and friends have criticised South Wales Police and Gwent Police over their response to the missing person reports. Mr Jeanne's sister, Ffion Actie, told Sky News at a vigil held on Tuesday that she feels "disappointed" police did not act sooner. She said: "I heard the girls' mums had contacted (police) but it had taken several hours (to respond). I feel they should have acted straight away." Ms Actie added: "I like to think that if (police) got there sooner, it would have been a different outcome." The first call reporting the victims as missing was made to police at 7.34pm on Saturday, while further reports were made up until 5.37pm on Sunday. Hundreds of people took part in searches but Gwent Police did not issue a public appeal for help until 11pm on Sunday. Rachel O'Neill, 37, from Rumney, attended the vigil with her daughter Molly. She said: "It's been heartbreaking to think that they were there for so long, for 46 hours, and that they were found by people and not even the police. "It's absolutely disgusting, and you just don't know. There could have been some lives saved if they had moved faster." The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) has launched an investigation into the forces over the search. David Ford, IOPC director, said: "After careful assessment of referrals from Gwent Police and South Wales Police, we have decided to independently investigate how police responded to the missing person reports. "We will be examining what information police had, the grading given to any risk assessments and the steps taken by police to locate the missing people prior to the Volkswagen Tiguan being found just after midnight on Monday. "We will also consider what communication took place between the two forces and whether police action was appropriate and followed relevant policy and procedures." In a joint statement, Gwent Police and South Wales Police said a helicopter was asked to search an area of Cardiff at 11.50pm on Sunday. The forces added that Gwent Police officers on the ground had sight of the car at 12.02am on Monday and South Wales Police created a log at 12.15am. But members of the friends' search party, Matthew Pace, 45, and his son Lewis, 26, told Sky News they found the car shortly before officers arrived after seeing tyre marks leading off the road and into a wooded area. In a statement, Ms Smith's family asked for their privacy to be respected. They added: "We want to allow Gwent Police and South Wales Police the time and space to investigate the matter in a thorough and professional way and to enable the Independent Office for Police Conduct thereafter to come to their own conclusions." Gwent Police's Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hoborough and South Wales Police's Assistant Chief Constable Jason Davies said their thoughts are with the victims' families.