The reimagining of Django has landed on Sky Atlantic, with a new look at the cult classic 1966 film. Ahead of its premiere, showrunner Francesca Comencini lifted the lid on Elizabeth’s (played by Noomi Rapace) jaw-dropping scene to Express.co.uk.  Django transports viewers to 1872, just seven years after slavery was abolished and to a place called New Babylon, deep in the heart of Texas. The town was founded by former slave John Ellis (Nicholas Pinnock) and his orphaned fiancée Sara (Lisa Vicari). New Babylon was a shabby town which welcomed all manner of outcasts are welcome regardless of their background or beliefs. However, unbeknownst to them, their peaceful days were numbered as John’s merciless enemy Elizabeth was on her way with vengeance on her mind.  READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail  During episode one, the camera cut to Elmsdale City, just 35 miles south of New Babylon. Three riders on their way to the town stopped off at a brothel and, disguised as a man, Elizabeth took one of the sex workers to a private room. After swooning the worker with a false sense of security, Elizabeth stabbed the woman in the mouth and set the place alight. Elizabeth then proceeded to shoot aimlessly as she made her way out of the brothel.     During the jaw-dropping scene, not a word was uttered - instead La Foule by Édith Piaf could be heard while chaos ensued in the brothel. Speaking on this impactful scene, Francesca Comencini recalled the moment as her favourite. She told Express.co.uk: “It was great, I love all of the scenes but this scene, I really loved that. “In that scene, there are all these little ingredients, she [Elizabeth] enters and we wanted the brothel was inspired from the French paintings, the girls naked and when she enters she pretends to be a man. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [REACTION]Django star Lisa Vicari shares the reason she agreed to play Sara [INTERVIEW]Django on Sky Atlantic will air a double bill every week [INSIGHT]   “We thought with Noomi, and this is something we find along the way, not only does she want to punish this place but also she wants to experience how it is, this kind of sexuality being a man.” Francesca explained: “There is this erotic experience that she wants to discover what it is and how it feels to be a man and go in a brothel.” Praising the actress, the director added: “Noomi was great, she did a lot of preparations, and with all the action aspects she did very well.” As the episode unfolded, it was revealed that Elizabeth was a religion-crazed woman who believed she was doing the will of God.  Alongside her men, she eventually made her way to New Babylon which she believe was full of sinners. There the people became under attack, but John and Django fought back for the safety of the residents. However as Elizabeth and John came face to face, it became clear they both had a history which was yet to be unveiled.  Django continues Wednesdays on Sky Atlantic and is available to stream on Now TV. 