Former Manchester City star Micah Richards has been caught out live on air after Daniel Sturridge referred to his love for Arsenal. The pair were on pundit duties for the Sky Blues' win over Crystal Palace on Saturday, with the Premier League title race naturally a topic of hot debate. Sturridge and Richards spent six years together on City's books. The duo were only one year apart but Richards had established himself as a regular by the age of 18, quickly endearing himself to fans. Although Sturridge left for Chelsea in 2009 after just 21 Premier League appearances, Richards stayed on for six more years, ending his Sky Blues career with almost 250 appearances in all competitions. Many would therefore expect him to be firmly in City's camp when it comes to this season's title race, with Arsenal currently top of the table by two points. However, Sturridge poked fun at his former team-mate with a crafty remark live on Sky Sports. Don't miss... Tottenham to face 'complications' in bid to land Mauricio Pochettino [GOSSIP] Richards initiated the sequence, playfully asking Sturridge whether he was a Gooner, to which he responded: "Yeah, at heart, so are you, aren't you?". The remark appeared to catch Richards off guard as looked regretfully into the distance while Sturridge watched on, waiting for a response. Although his affinity for Arsenal is not particularly well known, Richards has previously admitted that Ian Wright and Patrick Vieira were his idols growing up. "I was a big fan of Ian Wright when I was younger, so I supported Arsenal," he explained back in 2007. Read more... Arsenal and Man City target Kvaratskhelia scores Napoli stunner [LATEST] Bradford keeper commits freak blunder due to rugby pitch marking [SPOTTED] Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [REPORT] "Wright and Patrick Vieira were my idols so yeah, if the opportunity came to play for them one day I'd take it. But right now I'm concentrating on trying to keep City in the top half, and we've got the players to do it." The opportunity never came about as he spent a short loan stint at Fiorentina before joining Aston Villa in 2015. A lengthy spell on the sidelines followed as Richards racked up just 31 appearances for the West Midlands outfit before announcing his retirement in 2019. The former Man City duo were speaking after Pep Guardiola's side pulled off a narrow 1-0 win over Palace on Saturday. The Eagles put up a stern fight but Erling Haaland's second-half penalty proved the difference, closing the gap on Arsenal to two points. The Gunners will have an opportunity to reinstate their five-point buffer on Sunday, however, when they travel to face Fulham. Mikel Arteta has been handed a triple injury boost with Gabriel Jesus, Martin Odegaard and Leandro Trossard all in line to feature.