More than 90 millions Americans are set to be hit by a massive thunderstorm with hailstones the size of baseballs. Forecasters have warned the storms could cause serious damage when they hit the US in the coming days. Heavy snow is expected to sweep across Southwest states through the early hours of Friday, with up to eight inches of snow expected in some areas. The storm is then expected to move northwards towards the Rockies and move to the Pacific Northwest and upper Midwest. The National Weather Service (NWS) warned the "potent winter storm" will cause severe disruption throughout Friday into Saturday in the Upper Midwest through New England. They also warned southern states will likely experience "significant sleet and freezing rain" as thunderstorms south of the snowy front could cause tornadoes and damaging winds. JUST IN: US lawyer Alex Murdaugh convicted of wife and son's murder The Fort Worth metro area weathered bitter winds on Thursday afternoon that were strong enough to tip over a semi-truck. The winds have also caused extensive power outages, with 348,000 households and businesses affected. More than 1,000 flights at Dallas-Fort Worth airport were also cancelled. Louisiana reported damage to homes and businesses due to the strong gusts brought forth by the weather front moving in from California. DON'T MISSTeacher with size Z breasts put on leave after causing chaos [INSIGHT]US Navy 'coasting' as China set to storm ahead to around 400 ships [ANALYSIS]'Brain-eating' amoeba kills man who rinsed nose with tap water [VIDEO] The Golden State was heavily affected by the winter storm, with most of the territory hit by heaving snow. Temperatures also hit sub-freezing lows down to 26F. California Governor Gavin Newsom deployed the National Guard to deliver food and water, and open shelters for families hit by heavy snow and outages. Counties covered in the Governor's state of emergency declaration included Amador, Kern, Los Angeles, Madera, Mariposa, Mono, Nevada, San Bernardino, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Sierra, Sonoma and Tulare. As the storm moves eastwards, parts of Arkansas, Mississippi, Missouri and Tennessee have been warned to prepare for potential flooding. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews