The Apprentice has been airing on BBC One and viewers are keen to find out where previous contestants are now. Thomas Skinner was a candidate in the 2019 series and was known for his "bosh" catchphrase. He spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about his experience and how far he has come. The businessman has appeared on a number of other shows since leaving The Apprentice. He was a guest on 8 Out of 10 Cats and Celebrity MasterChef and has since become known for sharing photos of his large and unusual breakfasts at Dino's Cafe in New Spitalfields Market on Twitter. The Romford-born market trader was the owner of The Fluffy Pillow Company when he joined The Apprentice cast. In 2020, he set up Bosh Beds, specialising in mattresses, and in 2023 he released a song and accompanying music video titled BOSH. He has since been busy focusing on running a boxing school for the local community. READ MORE: The Apprentice star urges Alan Sugar to make change "We have got some good kids in there, and we have got to set by example," he said. It may have been a few years since his appearance on The Apprentice but the star is still in contact with Alan Sugar. He said: "Every now and then [we talk], I have got his number and I'll send him a text here and there. "He has given me great advice, that show changed my life and I really enjoyed it. "I have made friends for life, it was great fun." It appears there are no hard feelings between himself and Lord Sugar despite missing out on the win. On what advice he took from Alan, he commented: "Carry on being yourself and working hard." When asked what it was like filming with the entrepreneur, he said: "He's a lovely bloke. "He's like a typical businessman, he's old school and he's a lovely man. "I wouldn't change anything about my experience at all." DON'T MISS... The Apprentice 'has lost its business edge' blasts former winnerThe Apprentice star talks 'amazing experience' ahead of early exitThe Apprentice candidate details 'off-camera' Karren Brady Thomas admitted it was his wife who had applied for The Apprentice on his behalf. "She was a massive Apprentice fan, she said 'you can be better than all of these'. "I'm dyslexic so I didn't fill out the form, she did, and they said they wanted me to come back for an interview." He also confirmed he is still in touch with his former co-stars, adding: "It's a big thing. "You are on a TV show with no phones no newspapers, computers, you are in there with them and it's a life-changing situation so you do stay friends." Thomas has since launched a clothing brand called BOSH Workwear for people working in plumbing and building industries. "I'm going to carry on being an entrepreneur," he said: "Not every business is going to be successful but I have to give it a go." He is currently one of the favourites to join the next series of I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! "I'll be doing a backflip out of that helicopter, I'll be eating spiders, kangaroo nuts, I'll do anything," he said in response.  The Apprentice airs on BBC One on Thursdays at 9pm.