A small business owner has blasted ITV for asking her to provide "freebies" in return for "exposure" at the wrap party for The Voice. Kirsty Day, 40, is the owner of OhMyCakery in Milton Keynes and was delighted when she received an email from someone at ITV who was planning the wrap party for The Voice. But after reading the email, Kirsty was left "disheartened" when she realised production were not willing to pay her for her services. Kirsty received the email on March 8 and felt ITV had delivered her a "backhanded compliment". The email had asked whether Kirsty would be willing to provide "push up cake pops" for the "team" at the wrap party. The email read: "The reason I am reaching out to you today is because I am looking to source great products that we can provide at our wrap party - your amazing push up cake pops would be the perfect addition to the party attended by all our talent and team!" But the email then went on to inform Kirsty that there would be no payment for her providing baked goods for the party. It continued: "Unfortunately, we at ITV are unable to offer anything monetary or otherwise in return for your products. The great news, however, is that this unique opportunity will give your products exposure to our highly influential coaches and presenter in the studios as well as our contestants on the show, all of whom are incredibly talented." Speaking exclusively to the Express, owner Kirsty said her business has been struggling for four years as a long-term impact of Covid and the ongoing cost of living crisis. She said: "It just makes what you’ve built over the years seem hugely undervalued, it’s like a back handed compliment of 'we love your amazing product but don’t value it enough to pay for it'. "We are constantly having to adapt to every crisis that has hit in the last four years to stay open. READ MORE: Mum’s heartbreaking tribute after thriving schoolboy takes own life  "Unfortunately this is a frequent thing to happen in lots of industries. The problem with this specific email was that they outwardly said there’s no monitaries or others, meaning they are not obligated to even promote you for 'exposure', instead it’s in a room of people who may or may not share your product. It’s a super flimsy and cheeky 'unique opportunity'. "We have absolutely worked with large companies and influencers before and it can work but it has to be clear what is expected of both parties, it has to align with your business, it’s good to build a rapport with businesses first. "It can absolutely help to build a following but it does not pay your bills, when you look at how much you spend and what that equates to in return revenue it’s not worth it financially. The costs of ingredients have flown up rapidly and small businesses are sinking, this is just such poor taste for big companies who absolutely do have the budget to spend. "We are families or singular people behind these small businesses and it feels like we’re being prayed on in the hope that someone will fall for the hope of 'exposure' to boost their small business."  Don't miss... Telegraph poles are erected outside homes 'without any warning' [PICTURES] Why Lady Louise missed out on royal title as fans rage at 'sexism' [LATEST] GB News face huge financial loss in first year  [INSIGHT] And Kirsty made sure to share her opinion with The Voice, sending them an email back denying their offer of "free exposure". She wrote: "Can I ask why a company as big as the one you work for (who would have a budget for the end of recording party) don't value small businesses enough to pay for their products? "I wonder how we can break this cycle of small businesses that are suffering from huge price increases and struggling to get through most weeks being asked for free products from massive companies?" ITV has been contacted for comment.