The chair of John Lewis has conceded she has struggled to recruit men into the business, after revealing she was criticised for trying to change the “strong male culture” at the famous retailer.  Dame Sharon White admitted she found it “quite hard to recruit men” at John Lewis Partnership (JLP) after attempting to “rebalance” the company away from its previously masculine “command and control” culture, reports the Telegraph.    Whilst at an International Women’s Day event at King’s College London, Dame Sharon also said her recruitment and promotion of women created a backlash. Referring specifically to her decision to take on a female deputy chairman in 2020, she said: "I definitely had emails saying, oh my goodness, there are too many [women]." At JLP more than 60 per cent of leadership positions are filled by women. In comparison, at FTSE 350 companies only 40 per cent of director posts are taken by females.  Dame Sharon noted: "I do find it quite hard to recruit men. One of my issues around gender in the workplace is how do we make sure we can have a decent balance." The 55-year-old, who took over from Sir Charlie Mayfield in 2020, also said the company had previously had cultural challenges, pointing to the “command and control” style with which it operated. She said: “I would say a very strongly male culture, which we're now rebalancing”. Dame Sharon said the leadership at Waitrose, which is part of JLP, had been “all male and all white”. READ MORE: Home Office 'fearful' of China over unoffical prisons in the UK She continued: "It's a very democratic organisation, so I've got a balance between in some ways being quite directive and influential in terms of recruitment but also being sensitive in how I'm trying to facilitate a conversation where the organisation and also our customers feel there's not a disjuncture between who we are and who we show out to our customers." Dame Sharon was previously a civil servant, joining JLP from the media regulator Ofcom. She said she was troubled by the emerging backlash against feminism among young men, attributing that pushback to an absence of “healthy” conversations about the importance of gender equality.  Don't miss... Former RAF base likely riddled with asbestos chosen to house migrants [LATEST] Fury at plan to house migrants in 'inhumane' RAF base [LATEST] On the subject of growing social media misogyny, she said: "I think we're confusing the channel with the debate. The channels and the actions of social media mean that things go viral. I think the issue is what's the conversation we're having with our teenage boys. “In the absence of having a healthy balanced positive conversation with them, these boys are absorbing and attracted to misogyny that they don't recognise as misogyny. It's not a regulatory issue. I am much more interested in who's filling the gap."   