A survivor of trans predator Jane Beck has dubbed her attacker as a “wolf in sheep’s clothing”, claiming that the 53-year-old switched genders to distract from their perverted past.  Beck, previously known as Graeme, exposed “her penis” during an Avon sales conference call and sexually assaulted two volunteers at a church cafe. As a man, Beck was sent to prison in 2008. At the time he was slapped with a Sexual Offences Prevention Order, prohibiting him from befriending anyone or engaging with children. The offender is on bail in Stranraer until at least April, awaiting sentencing for the latest string of sexual crimes. One of Beck’s survivors, whose breasts were groped by the deviant in July 2021 in Dumfriesshire, told the Scottish Sun: “He’s a wolf in sheep’s clothing". “If he was using his birth name Graeme, nobody would go near the animal. But Beck has tried to blend into the trans community as cover. “If I knew Beck’s real name, and I’d Googled that, Graeme would have never got anywhere near me to attack me”, she told the publication. “Beck must be treated as a man because he’s a male sexual predator - and he should be put in a man’s jail if that’s how it ends up.” READ MORE: Rats 'as big as cats' terrorise UK resort  In November 2022, Beck admitted to sexual assault by attacking his 47-year-old victim, “lunging at her, seizing her, holding her against a chair and attempting to pull her to the floor.” Beck has been given another Sexual Offences Prevention Order, this time for five years, as well as a three-year Community Payback Order. Under these measures, Beck is prevented from having “any unsupervised contact with a child under 18 without prior approval of your supervising officer except when the contact is inadvertent”. Beck is also required to seek permission for any work paid, unpaid or voluntary. Besides this, any relationships must be signed off by a supervisor. Don't miss... Piers Morgan blasts Harry Potter stars for ‘turning on’ JK Rowling [LATEST] Christian teacher accused of misgendering pupil faces misconduct panel [LATEST] Angela Rayner claims 'it doesn't matter' that trans rapist has penis [LATEST] The survivor said: “Beck demanded to be called ‘she’ but was not remotely feminine, other than the clothes. “Beck would continually grope me then laugh it off and say ‘c’mon, it’s us women together. We need to stick together.” This comes in the wake of the recent controversy around Isla Bryson. The trans rapist also committed her crimes as a man, but now identifies as a woman. The treatment of Bryson sparked controversy, after the sex offender was placed in a female prison, despite committing crimes as a man against women. Bryson, who has since been sentenced for eight years, was moved to the male estate after the outcry. Following the Dumfries attack, Beck, originally from Leeds, moved to Stranraer. Two more women were attacked there. Beck received a two-year jail term in 2008 for attacking a woman whilst she was asleep, that he met on a Christian dating site. 