The One Show presenters Alex Jones and Alex Scott spoke to Idris on Wednesday evening before the premiere of the film at the BFI IMAX in Waterloo. They were eager to know how Idris felt about being back in the role and what fans can expect from the film. However, technical difficulties made their conversation difficult and left awkward silences filling the BBC studio. Idris has slipped back into his signature overcoat to chase Luther's latest suspect around London. The film kicks off at the end of the latest series after Luther was arrested and thrown into prison. He is haunted by an unsolved murder leaving the brilliant police detective to break out of prison to hunt down a sadistic serial killer. Alex Jones kicked off the segment and said: "They are holding the curtain up for the premiere of his new movie Luther: The Fallen Sun just for us. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 "Let's waste no time in welcoming him to the Idris Elba, hi Idris!" Idris teased: "Oh I am out of breath, running all the way here! How are you?" Alex continued: "Oh thank you so much, and thanks for doing this we know you have such a busy night ahead of you. "People will be so excited Idris that DCI John Luther is back, how excited are you?" Idris smiled and revealed: "I am the most excited out of everyone. I have been playing this character for 10 years. "It feels amazing to go from the TV show that we have, we have an amazing fanbase and now in to do a film and it feels great, it feels like an achievement." Alex Scott jumped in and asked: "Well Idris tell us what crimes Luther is taking on this time?" He teased: "There is a gentleman that is basically spying on all of us, using our phones and our laptops and CCTV. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert gobsmacked by £20 item's staggering profit [WATCH]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [LATEST] Idris smiled and revealed: "I am the most excited out of everyone. I have been playing this character for 10 years. "It feels amazing to go from the TV show that we have, we have an amazing fanbase and now in to do a film and it feels great, it feels like an achievement." Alex Scott jumped in and asked: "Well Idris tell us what crimes Luther is taking on this time?" He teased: "There is a gentleman that is basically spying on all of us, using our phones and our laptops and CCTV.  "Just wreaking havoc and basically John Luther is not having it as you know and he basically breaks out of prison... Oh no, I've told the plot now haven't I." Alex Jones quipped: "Spoiler alert from the man himself!!" As the pair continued their line of questions for Idris it soon became clear the connection from the studio to where Idris was had become faulty. Whenever the questions were presented to Idris there was a small delay leaving an awkward silence between the three of them. Alex Scott asked why John Luther was most like him, but the technical difficulty meantIdris was left staring at the screen. Noticing the issue, she asked: "Have we lost you? Are you with us?" before he finally answered: "Because he's patient, he has a lot of conviction and a bad temper." The pair wrapped up the interview and told him: "Have a brilliant time, good luck with it all." There was another pause as laughter could be heard in the studio, with Alex Jones quipped: "Isn't it nice how there's a huge delay on the other side of London?" The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.