Prince Harry's attacks on Camilla "crossed a line", an royal insider has claimed, leading to an "outraged" King evicting the Sussexes from Frogmore Cottage. In his memoir, Spare, Harry revealed that he believed his stepmother was "dangerous" when she first joined the Royal Family. It has been claimed that Prince Harry's potshots against Camilla were perceived by King Charles as the "ultimate act of disrespect". An insider told the Mirror: "It was the last straw. "Harry was well aware how Camilla would be a red line for his father and he crossed with flagrant disregard anyway. "The King felt without a doubt it crossed a line – it was the ultimate act of disrespect." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: 'Outraged' Charles evicted Harry and Meghan over 'ultimate disrespect' Sources also said that the King was outraged by his younger son’s accusations, such as Camilla being responsible for leaking stories to the press. In his memoir, Harry also told of his fears that Camilla would turn into a "wicked stepmother", referring to her as "the villain" in TV interviews accompanying the memoir release. Harry also claimed that he and Prince William had begged their father not to marry Camilla. After these accusations, along with a host of other claims made to other members of the family such as Prince William, the King took action into his own hands, reportedly starting the eviction process within hours. READ MORE: Harry's true response to eviction laid bare as expert pinpoints 'three giveaway signals' Harry and Meghan had lived at the Windsor-based home for six months prior to moving out of the UK. They announced their departure as senior royals in January 2020, before completing their final engagement two months later. Despite stepping down as senior royals, Harry and Meghan kept Frogmore Cottage, using it as their base during visits to the UK. DON'T MISS Their last stay at Frogmore was for their visit to the UK for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee in June 2022. The visit saw Meghan and Harry return, along with Archie and Lilibet, to join celebrations for the historic occasion. Their visit was short-lived with the family-of-four reportedly flying back to the US before celebrations officially concluding.