Aries Change is in the air. You might find yourself gravitating towards a small business rather than choosing a bigger company. What’s so good about this is it gives you a chance to ask the question: how can you give your support and show how small businesses in your community are valued. Taurus Joint activities are lively and animated. Romance couldn’t be better. Are you single with hopes that someone will start to take interest in you? They may not yet have shown signs of being attracted to you romantically, but if you let them know how you feel, this could happen soon. Gemini You’re trying to find ways to move on with your life but it isn’t that easy. You may need to look back to where it all started to go wrong. If you are due to receive compensation it seems as hard now as it was in the beginning when new challenges have to be faced. Cancer When someone is behaving stubbornly, find an excuse and leave. Diplomacy will go a long way to help avoid arguments and disagreements. The less you say in a dispute the better especially if you want to maintain good relations between friends and neighbours. Leo Your partner or a housemate is feeling restless. Don’t be surprised to hear them start talking about a group outing or family holiday. You know how difficult it can be to arrange things when there are lots of people involved and you might prefer to confine activities to only include a small group of people. Virgo A friend or colleague might seem helpless without your support. You are normally happy to give help wherever and whenever it is needed. You sense now that someone is starting to take advantage of your kindness. It might be time to start encouraging them to manage on their own.  Libra The past holds a strong pull. You might feel a need to search websites or seek out old address-books and connect with someone you used to know. A new friendship isn’t working well and you will feel you are wasting energy trying to cultivate a relationship that is never going to work. Scorpio Some of the plans and ideas building in our mind could not be brought about immediately because of their complexity. Even so, this won’t stop you from working on them as you know patience will be necessary and you believe in that old saying: all things come to those who wait. Sagittarius People are throwing obstacles in your path. You can’t help feeling someone is doing this deliberately. You can’t see past the problems in front of you and that makes it almost impossible for you to know which way to go. A wise relative will give you some very helpful advice.    Capricorn An allergic reaction could trigger an asthma or eczema attack. Either your own health or the health of someone in the family needs some thought. A disciplined approach towards looking after yourself could help stave-off similar recurrences in the future. Aquarius An exciting event or celebration will build up to maximum crescendo. It will be a joy to see happy, smiling faces everywhere. Overall, the results of a team effort will be amazing. The group will be performing extremely well and you sense it is going to go far in the future. Pisces Something you spot in a shop window or on an auction website may not be the bargain you first think. Hold back from buying anything you hadn’t intended to be. Even if intended, you could find something better from a more reputable source very soon.   