Lando Norris has hit back at Jenson Button for "talking c***" about his decision to commit his future to McLaren. The Brit insists he has made the right decision to extend his deal. Norris signed the contract to keep him with McLaren until 2026 a year ago. It was worth a reported £80million to the 23-year-old. But Button believes he shouldn't have put pen to paper on such a long deal. The former world champion said last month that talent will not be enough for Norris to win races or titles, and that he would have to join a competitive team to do so. Norris made the podium on just one occasion last season as McLaren finished fifth in the Constructors' Championship. But he has hit back at criticism claiming he should have kept his options open. He said: "It is not always that simple. The thing with Formula One is that you can be the best driver in the world, and not be in the best car, and that is through no fault of your own.  "Lewis (Hamilton) came into McLaren (in 2007) when they were winning championships and winning races and from the beginning, that makes you look good. If he came into McLaren now he wouldn’t have won a race and he wouldn’t have been anywhere near the driver he is today or achieved what he has today. "Not everyone knows what goes on behind the scenes and what opportunities there are. It is my choice and I am the one who says ‘yes’ or ‘no’. "I could just be here because I am enjoying it more and I like McLaren and it as simple as that. I respect people’s opinions – particularly Jenson’s because he has been through a lot of these times – so I take it all on board. "I don’t ignore it, I get what he is saying a little bit. But if someone says c*** about me, then cool I will laugh about it and move on. Big deal. A few years ago I probably would have taken it a bit more to heart.  "I am doing the best I can, but most people who make these comments are people that don’t just have knowledge of what the facts are. They just come up with an opinion that creates controversy." Norris does not regret his decision one bit. And he admits winning with McLaren would be sweeter than with any other team. He added: "No. We saw what was on the table, but I did and I do want to believe in McLaren – the team that gave me the chance in Formula One. "It would mean more if we eventually do get to win a world championship, rather than just jumping into a car and winning a title, although I would love that, too. For now, it is tough and I would love it if we were ahead of where we are." 