As the interest rate continues to rise, savers are urged to get the best rate they can for their money. One provider has launched a fixed rate saver offering customers 4.33 percent. Moneyfactscompare.co.uk has highlighted one of the best savings accounts Britons can look into. SmartSave has launched a new 1-Year Fixed Rate Saver this week on balances up to £85,000. The annual interest rate is 4.33 percent gross /AER. These rates became effective on March 9, 2023, and are fixed until the end of the product term. READ MORE: Retirees face 'new wave of uncertainty' if state pension age changes go ahead in Budget Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, finance expert at Moneyfactscompare.co.uk, said: “SmartSave has launched a new 1 Year Fixed Rate Saver this week. “Paying a rate of 4.33 percent, this takes a place in our top 10 when compared to other bonds with similar terms currently available. “Savers with the minimum £10,000 needed to invest may be tempted by the competitive rate of return alone. “As is often the case in the fixed rate bond sector, earlier access to funds is not an option, so it’s important that investors are happy to secure their cash away for the term of the account. Don't miss... Cost of living payment - When it will be paid and how much you get [UPDATE] Barclays warns Britons of ‘common tactics’ fraudsters use to steal £4k [WARNING] Britons warned of ‘household habit’ adding hundreds to energy bills [LATEST] “However, there is a little flexibility for savers to make further additions for 14 days from account opening, which could be a plus for some. “Overall, this account receives an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.” All interest accrues daily and is paid gross. Interest is added to one’s savings balance the day after their fixed term ends. Or for multi-year accounts, the day after each year of their fixed term and compounds yearly. READ MORE: State pensioners urged to claim £3,500 retirement boost - are you eligible? After a 12-month fixed term, a balance of £10,000 would have accrued £433.00 of interest, bringing the total to £10,433.00. Customers must be at least 18 years old and a UK resident subject to UK tax only, to open a savings account. Funds must be deposited within 14 days of opening the savings account. People will be unable to make any further deposits after this period.  The minimum amount that must be deposited in the savings account is £10,000. The maximum total amount that may be deposited in the savings account is £85,000. Key product details: For more information, Britons can visit the SmartSave website.