Emma Heming Willis, 44, has admitted she has been struggling since the beginning of her husband, Bruce Willis', 67, "horrific" health battle. The Hollywood actor's wife became emotional as she discussed being the "driving ship" of her family, while also sharing how she still makes sure to prioritise her own health. Emma spoke to Dr Will Cole on his podcast, The Art of Being Well, to share her health secrets, while also touching on family matters. Dr Will asked Emma if she had any pivotal moments in her life where she knew she had to prioritise her own self-care. Although she said the birth of her daughters was an important time, she shared the recent issues with Bruce changing their family life. Bruce and Emma share two children together: Mabel, 10, and Evelyn, eight. READ MORE: Martin Roberts breaks down in tears as he announces huge family loss She said: "And just with what has happened with my husband recently. Just his health battle really. And just now how to navigate that and about being my best self for him and my family. "It's so important because I am the one sort of driving my family's ship and if I am not at my sort of optimal self my family will suffer for it. "And this doesn't even just go for me, this goes for any family or any parent. You are just not looking after yourself, it's just not a win." Dr Will then asked Emma if she had any advice for others about debunking the myth of the caregiver's health declining due to prioritising their loved ones. She continued: "Yes that is what you hear, that's just the narrative for caregivers. You do have the tendency to put someone else's health before your own and your health just takes a hit. "I had always heard that and when we started this journey with my husband and this was something I put in my head. "I am not going to let this take us both down." Emma then became emotional as she discussed his recent dementia diagnosis, as she shared this is why she tries not to go into detail. DON'T MISS... Iconic astrologer Mystic Meg has died following a short illness [DEATH] Leonardo DiCaprio love interest Rose Bertram visits 'cooch clinic' [INSIGHT] Goldie Hawn slams Oscars for 'losing elegance' and being 'politicised' [OPINION] She said tearfully: "I need to rise to the occassion, it's horrific, I can't talk about it without getting emotional but as I said, I need to drive this ship. "They are the most important people to me and to to be able to do that, I really need to look after myself." Bruce retired from acting in March last year due to a speaking disorder called aphasia, but he has since been diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia. FTD affects the lobes of the brain behind the forehead, which deal with behaviour, problem-solving, planning and emotions - with symptoms including personality changes, obsessive behaviour and speaking difficulties. This comes as Emma took to Instagram to shut down the narrative that she's using Bruce's diagnosis for her own "five minutes" of fame. Since her husband was diagnosed, Emma has made it her mission to raise awareness for her husband's condition after revealing his battle with aphasia and developing Frontotemporal Dementia. She said: "I just saw something about me getting my ‘five minutes,’ which is great, which means that you’re listening. "So, I’m going to take my five minutes and I’m gonna turn it into 10 because I’m always going to advocate for my husband." She vowed to "raise awareness" about the illness and "for caregivers, who are unsung heroes out there". Emma concluded: "And then I’m going to turn my grief and my anger and my sadness into something good around something that feels less than. Watch this space because I didn’t come to play." Bruce's daughter, Scout, who he shares with ex-wife Demi Moore, commented: "HELL YES! I am so so proud of you!"