Liverpool head coach Jurgen Klopp will have reasons to feel optimistic about mounting one of the Champions League's most unlikely comebacks against Real Madrid following their defeat against Barcelona on Thursday. The La Liga giants were beaten 1-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu in the latest instalment of the Clasico rivalry, giving the Reds the perfect gameplant to copy for their own upcoming fixture. An own goal from Eder Militao on 26 minutes proved to be decisive in a low-key affair, with a scrap between Frenkie de Jong and Vinicius Junior the only real spark point in an otherwise dull affair. Only a bizarre block from his team-mate Ansu Fati denied Franck Kessie to chance to make it 2-0. But head coach Xavi Hernandez won't have had many complaints after watching his side bounce back to victory in style against their La Liga rivals, keeping a clean sheet in the process and without their key men Robert Lewandowski and Pedri. For Carlo Ancelotti's side, it is another damaging defeat against the Blaugrana and their latest loss could mean the Champions League is their only hope for this season in terms of adding further silverware to their trophy cabinet, with a second leg against Liverpool still to come. READ MORE: Liverpool's four worst defeats ever after Real Madrid thrashing The Reds may still be reeling from their 5-2 defeat at Anfield after a series of defensive errors cost them dearly, having gone 2-0 up through Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah. But things started to crumble apart when Madrid began their fightback and Vinicius Junior and Karim Benzema both helped themselves to a brace, with Militao scoring a header. The battle that dominated the evening was the tussle between the two South Americans, Vinicius and Ronaldo Araujo. And while Liverpool ultimately failed to keep the Brazilian quiet at Anfield after his two-goal heroics, Uruguayan makeshift right-back Araujo gave a masterclass in how keep the 22-year-old within his sights. In the midfield, Sergio Busquets, Kessie and De Jong provided composure and confidence on the ball, something that has been lacking from Liverpool all season. And the usually devastating trio of Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and Fede Valverde struggled to get near them, with the fluid front three of Gavi, Raphinha and Ferran Torres pulling the Madrid defence out of position. DON'T MISSVirgil van Dijk speaks out after Jamie Carragher's Real Madrid rantKlopp told Liverpool stars 'that's not allowed' after Real Madrid lossReal Madrid star Thibaut Courtois fires shots at Liverpool But Barca's success this season has been built on their sturdy backline and staying true to Xavi's style of play. They have not panicked when the score is 0-0 or they go a goal down and, their 1-0 defeat to Almeria aside, they are usually difficult to score against having conceded only eight goals in La Liga. Scoring goals has not been an issue for Liverpool, but Klopp would do well to remind his players of their defensive prowess and gritty attitude that helped them secure the Premier League in 2019-20, with many of the same members of the team still in his squad. And they are going to need every bit of that steely resilience to keep Madrid from adding to their five goals in this tie. Klopp may have publicly conceded the "tie is over" in front of the media, but this defeat against Barcelona shows that is far from the truth.