Precious' turbulent past came to light during Monday night's instalment of the ITV series, with her mother Ebele Falade (played by Martina Laird) revealing her daughter's turbulent past. The new information led the team in unexpected directions but viewers claimed they had worked out a sideline storyline which was transpiring behind the murder. During the first episode, DCI Jessie James' (Sianed Keenan's) husband Steve James (Andrew Lancel) revealed he had had an affair. When asked who she was, he refused to answer and left the house claiming he needed time to think. Tonight, Jessie was still trying to get a hold of her sister to spend the evening together, to catch up on life having not seen one another for a while. Making breakfast for her boys, Jessie received a phone call from Debbie (Grianne Keenan) and answered: "There you are. Have you spoken to mum, has she told you what happened?" READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks She replied: "Sorry, work has been mad. Yeah listen what time do you finish work? Can I come and meet you?" Jessie replied: "Urm yeah maybe about six? But I can't guarantee that I can, I am right in the middle of..." Debbie cut her off and added: "I am running late for a meeting so I will see you at six." However, due to the high demand of the case Jessie was unable to meet Debbie for drinks and asked to reschedule. Viewers of the series noticed the shifty behaviour of her sister and how hard it had been to get a hold of her and took to their Twitter to theorise. Melissa penned: "The husband’s bit on the side is her sister isn’t it #unforgotten." Karen shared: "I've got the feeling that Jess' sister, Debbie, was the woman with whom her adulterous husband was having shenanigans #Unforgotten." Alice Woodhouse added: "Omg her husband is having an affair with her sister." Don't miss... Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [LATEST] Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [WATCH] Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose [INSIGHT] Debbie said: "I'm guessing the sister #Unforgotten." Fee shared: "What’s the betting the husband had an affair with the sister… #Unforgotten." Caroline Hooton added: "Wondering if the new DCI's husband was having it off with her sister." (sic) Precious' body was found in a house in Hammersmith, stuffed in the bricked-up chimney flute with investigators finding out that she was a drug addict. After Jessie and DI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) broke the news to Ebele, Sunny immediately became suspicious of her reaction. Ebele was also an addict who had a difficult relationship with her daughter and is prone to violence. Despite not wanting to cause alarm, the team have Ebele down as a suspect for her daughter's murder, noting their turbulent relationship. Did Ebele kill her daughter in a drug-fueled rage? Unforgotten airs Monday from 9pm on ITV1.