King Charles III has now sent out all the invites to his Coronation this spring. With less than two months to go, Express.co.uk takes a look at who we can expect to see among the 2,000 attendees expected at Westminster Abbey on May 6. The King's Coronation is set to be the biggest royal event to have taken place over the past seven decades. The King's big day will have significantly less people in attendance, however no less grand, than that of his late mother, Queen Elizabeth II's. The late Queen's boasted around 8,000 attendees in 1953. We can expect to see almost all of the Royal Family in attendance to celebrate the King and Queen Consort's big day. All working royals will no doubt be in attendance, including the Prince and Princess of Wales and their three children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. Though the youngest of the siblings may be deemed too young to attend, as he will have turned five just a few weeks before the event. READ MORE: Prince William's nickname for Kate is a 'gentle dig' from Queen Royals such as the newly-appointed Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence will also be there. The appearance of Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and Prince Andrew remains in question. Earlier this month, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed that the couple had received an invite to the Coronation via email. The statement read: "I can confirm the Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the coronation." The statement, however, didn't confirm whether the couple have accepted the invite. READ MORE: King Charles leads first Commonwealth Day service as monarch to deliver landmark speech Prince Andrew will also be in attendance, though he could be banned from wearing ceremonial robes by the King due to his non-working royal status. As the Queen Consort will be getting crowned alongside her husband, the 75-year-old's five grandchildren will be in attendance. In keeping with tradition, members of foreign Royal Families are also expected to have received an invite. One foreign royal who has already spoken out about attending the King's big day is Prince Albert of Monaco. He previously said that he and wife Charlene will "definitely go" to the Coronation. Don't miss... POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [POLL] Harry and Meghan will 'make positive step' with Coronation visit [LATEST] King Charles likely to completely snub Prince Harry in his will [LIVE] Reporting about the attendees, the Telegraph previously stated that just 20 MPs and 20 peers would be present at the Coronation. Although it remains unknown if spouses will be in attendance, we could expect to see current Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, as well as former PMs such as Boris Johnson, Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. Other leading Cabinet ministers and leaders of the opposition, such as Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, are also expected to be there. Church leaders will also be present, including representatives from other faiths. Everyday people are also set to be invited, such as representatives from the Commonwealth, charity leaders and NHS workers. 