A major bills hike is soon to hit all Britons when the cap set by the Energy Price Guarantee increases in April. Britons face many other increases to their costs as other bills go up and tax allowances are slashed in the coming financial year. Sarah Coles, head of personal finance at Hargreaves Lansdown, warned many people face a “serious blow” to their finances as five cost increases mean people could pay an extra £2,500 over the coming year. She warned: “It’s going to be an incredibly painful few weeks as we adjust to even higher costs, so those who rely on pensions or benefits to make ends meet will need every penny of the 10.1 percent rise they’ll be getting in April.” With the cap set by the Energy Price Guarantee increasing, a typical household in England, Wales and Scotland will see their annual bills go up from £2,500 a year to £3,000 a year. The April increase will be made worse by the fact the final instalment of the £400 energy bills discount is going out to people in England, Scotland and Wales this month. Ms Coles said: "Given that around half of people already find it difficult to pay their energy bills, and one in 20 are behind on them, there’s every chance a rise could cause huge problems.” More Government support is being made available in the coming financial year as people on means-tested benefits are to receive a £900 cost of living payment. Many benefits are also increasing by 10.1 percent, including Universal Credit, as well as state pension payments. READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning as 'risk' Jeremy Hunt may target IHT in Budget - what you can do Councils in England can raise tax by up to five percent without holding a referendum with many authorities increasing their charge by the full amount. This would mean the annual tax bill for an average Band D property would increase from £1,966 to £2,064. People may want to check if they can get a discount on their bills depending on their situation. Some people are counted as disregarded when calculating the tax bill for a property, including under 18s and students. Those who live alone can get the single person discount of 25 percent but a person has to apply to get the discount. Don't miss... Mum hit with fine for claiming free prescriptions without document [FREE PRESCRIPTIONS] Council tax to increase next month but Britons can slash their bill [COUNCIL TAX HIKE] Millions on Universal Credit can get cheaper broadband deals [UNIVERSAL CREDIT] Water bills will rise by an average of £31 in England and Wales although this will vary largely depending on the area where a person lives. Bills in Scotland are set to rise by an average of five percent, or £19. People looking to slash their bills may want to get a water meter installed so they only pay for the water they use. Other practical steps to cut bills include reducing the time a person spends in the shower as this can reduce a household’s water use. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares tip to get more time for important state pension boost Many customers face mid-contract bills hikes for their broadband and mobile deals. These are often linked to inflation plus an additional amount, with price hikes of up to 17 percent. Ms Coles urged those out of contract to look around for the best deal. She said: “If you’re out of contract, the fact that the best deals tend to go to new customers mean it’s well worth shopping around using a comparison site, in order to find your cheapest option. “If you still want to stay with your existing provider, you can check for the cheapest deal elsewhere, then contact them, tell them you’re thinking of leaving, and ask them to match the price.” The dividend tax allowance is falling in April from £2,000 to £1,000 affecting many Britons who earn dividends on investments, or who own their own company and pay themselves in dividends. The allowance is halving again next April. The capital gains tax threshold is also halving in April from £12,300 to £6,000 with thousands of people set to be hit by the charge for the first time. The allowance is also being halved again to £6,000 the following April. Investors may want to consider selling up assets before the new tax year or moving their investments into pensions and ISAs, where their investment growth will avoid the tax. For the latest money news, follow us on Twitter at @Expressmoney_.