Joe Biden's tax-hiking Budget will hit a "winning issue" for the 46th POTUS as he can channel "populist" anger, a Barack Obama administration veteran has told Express.co.uk. President Biden, 80, is expected to raise taxes on Americans earning more than $400,000 in an effort to boost funding for Medicare and expand the scheme's ability to negotiate lower costs for prescription drugs. Biden will unveil his full Budget measures in Philadelphia on Thursday but outlined his core message in a guest essay for the New York Times earlier today. He said: "Medicare is more than a Government programme. "It's the rock-solid guarantee that Americans have counted on to be there for them when they retire." Riley Roberts, who worked as a speechwriter to Attorney General Eric Holder during his four-year stint in Obama's administration, suggested Biden is "smart" to take on high-earners. JUST IN: Terrifying moment man threatens to kill passengers before trying to stab flight attendant Roberts said: "I think this is a winning issue for Biden, and the politics of raising taxes on the ultra-wealthy are great for Democrats, especially in the current economic climate. "The GOP will try to demagogue the issue, as always, so we can expect the usual bad-faith attacks - accusing him of killing jobs, raising taxes on ordinary Americans, and so on. "But it’s past time for Democrats to get off the back foot, upend that tired narrative, and expose these Republican faux-populists who cosplay as 'ordinary folks' on the campaign trail, but then fight tooth and nail for their biggest donors while in office." He added: "A lot of what fuels American politics these days is rooted in a sense that the system is rigged against ordinary people by wealthy and powerful interests. READ MORE: Inside Osama Bin Laden's $7.5M family mansion in Florida "So there’s plenty of populist anger for Biden to channel here - and lots of appetite across the political spectrum for taking rich tax evaders and other bad actors down a peg. "So I think this is a smart fight to pick and the right bad guys to take on." Biden's proposal looks set to raise the Medicare tax rate from 3.8 percent to five percent for all Americans earning more than $400,000 per year. He argued: "This modest increase in Medicare contributions from those with the highest incomes will help keep the Medicare program strong for decades to come." DON'T MISS Texans fight for independence from the US in 'Texit' referendum [LATEST] Biden sent strong message over 'Djokovic ban' that's costing US £67bn [INSIGHT] White House vows to 'fight abortion restrictions' as Biden plots bid [SPOTLIGHT] The White House also hopes to close loopholes which allow some incomes to avoid paying the Medicare levy.