Twenty-six-year-old Buster Murdaugh got "very drunk" with his dad, the now-convicted double murderer, two months after his mum and younger brother were killed. Alex Murdaugh was sentenced to two consecutive life sentences for murdering Paul and Maggie Murdaugh earlier this week, leaving Buster essentially an orphan. Buster sat and watched his dad's double homicide trial play out in court, sitting stoically as the grisly details of his mum and younger brother's demise were dissected. After a six-week-long trial, Alex Murdaugh, 54, was found guilty on all charges and was sentenced to two life sentences this week. On June 7, 2021, Buster's mum Maggie, 52, and younger brother, Paul, 22, were shot to death by the disgraced legal scion but just two months after the murders the remaining two Murdaughs are reported to have got "very drunk" at a function together. A source told New York Post that Alex, his brother Randolph Murdaugh and Buster showed up at the annual South Carolina Association for Justice convention in Hilton Head in August 2021 and most of them got “very drunk.”  They said: "They showed up en masse, and a lot of them got very drunk, including Buster. “It got bad enough that some of us had to leave and go upstairs to get away from them. We didn’t want to wind up in some brawl under a pile of Murdaughs.” The source added: "It was kind of surprising to see. Your whole family has just been slaughtered and you should be worried about assassins lurking around every corner but instead, you’re whooping it up and drinking.” Buster was also photographed in a Las Vegas casino with his uncle John Marvin Murdaugh, later complaining on a prison call to his dad about the photos. READ MORE: Ten men charged over catalogue of child sexual abuse claims in Bolton His dad advised him to "start wearing a hat" while out in public. During the trial, the eldest son of the disgraced legal heir sat blank-faced following his father's conviction.  But moments after leaving the court, he broke down and began "crying uncontrollably", a source who was at the courthouse told the New York Post.  Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews