Princess Anne is the hardest-working member of the Royal Family, and the King’s sister dedicates much of her time to the hundreds of charitable causes she represents and works alongside. So much so, the outfits she chooses are simply practical. On occasion, the Princess Royal has been seen wearing a bold red lip and a makeup artist discussed how this elevates her clothes. Makeup artist Saffron Hughes, who works with FalseEyelashes.co.uk said: “Princess Anne’s red lipstick has been on regular rotation throughout the years. “It’s rumoured that bright lip colours are frowned upon under royal protocol to which Princess Anne turns a blind eye. “She pairs her Hollywood glam bold lip with minimal other makeup, letting her freckles and clear complexion shine in contrast. “Princess Anne’s day-to-day appearance remains fairly understated which means her lip adds an even more high fashion edge.” READ MORE: Kate's style mistake proves she’s ‘mastered the art of fashion' Apparently, bright lipsticks are considered inappropriate by the royals, instead, subtler colours are preferred. Anne, like Kate, Princess of Wales, is said to apply her own makeup and style her own hair in its signature bun. But unlike some other female royals, Anne is also believed to not have a fashion stylist or advisor, instead, she selects her own outfits - many of which are decades old. The ‘Thrifty Princess’, as she is sometimes referred to, is the President of the UK fashion and textile association and “is very interested in sustainable fashion”. DON'T MISS...March 2023 horoscope reading for all star signs - what’s in store [EXCLUSIVE]Spain’s crackdown on ‘budget British tourists’ causing issues [NEWS]Princess Eugenie and Sarah Ferguson’s engagement rings compared [EXPERT] In a previous interview with Vanity Fair, the Princess explained why she recycles clothes, saying “because I’m quite mean”. She added: “I still try and buy materials and have them made up because I just think that’s more fun.” Princess Anne also noted the importance of using local tailoring techniques to make her clothes: “It also helps to support those who still manufacture in this country. “We mustn’t forget we’ve got those skills, and there are still places that do a fantastic job.” READ MORE: Kate Middleton wore black gloves to BAFTAs for ‘symbolic reason’ Should she ever buy a new item, or fabric, you can bet it will be from a British brand. Princess Anne said she “seldom buys anything which isn’t made in the UK”, having previously admitted a weakness for Harris Tweed. Speaking about her love for Harris Tweed, she remarked: “It went through a phase when it was very fashionable. “For me, the point about it is that it looks exactly the same at the end of the day as it did at the beginning. Brilliant.” In terms of style, her clothes need to be practical given she is in and out of trains, helicopters, and cars travelling up and down the country attending her many engagements. While some criticise Princess Anne for re-wearing outfits she’s had since the 80s, British Vogue editor Edward Enninful who has met the Princess said she “is a true style icon” and was ahead of the curve when it comes to sustainable fashion. “She is timeless in her style, and she wears a tailored suit better than anyone else I can think of,” he added.