Daniil Medvedev has admitted to “feeling sorry” for Novak Djokovic after defeating him in the final of the 2021 US Open. At the time, the Serb was bidding to become the first man since 1969 to complete the Calendar Grand Slam, which also would have won him a then-record 21st Major. But the 27-year-old denied him the chance to make history and it was his long-time rival Rafael Nadal who got to the record of 21 first. Medvedev earned his fifth career victory over Djokovic on Friday, handing the world No 1 his first loss of the 2023 season with a 95-minute 6-4 6-4 victory in the semi-final of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships. It was the first time he had defeated the 35-year-old since their meeting in the 2021 US Open final, where Medvedev won his first - and so far only - Grand Slam title. And the 27-year-old looked back on the match ahead of his latest clash against Djokovic, admitting that he felt bad for denying him the chance to win the Calendar Grand Slam. “I like when Novak wins Slams, if of course he’s not playing me in one of the rounds,” Medvedev told Eurosport ahead of their semi-final meeting. Sharing his respect for the 35-year-old, he continued: “I like many things about Novak, he was so kind to me since I was a kid, since I first met him when I was 480 in the world. He was always the same, no matter if I’m No 1 in the world or No 480 and I give him a lot of respect for this.”  JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev reignites Stefanos Tsitsipas feud with shady comments   Despite backing Djokovic at the Majors when they weren’t facing one another, Medvedev admitted that it was satisfying to have written his own name in the history books by denying the world No 1 the Calendar Slam in 2021. “At the same time, I have my name a little bit in the history, I didn’t let him win the calendar-year Grand Slam and I feel really sorry for him because I would, in a way, like him to do it,” he confessed. But the 18-time title winner didn’t want anyone to think that meant he wouldn’t try his hardest against Djokovic or any opponent, adding: “But every time I play him I want to win, I’m competitive, I don’t care who I have on the other side of the net, if it’s my best friend, if it’s my worst enemy, I just want to win.” DON'T MISSMedvedev wins all-Russian Dubai final to lift third title in a rowDaniil Medvedev and Andrey Rublev threw rackets and cried in old tiesFritz rushes for sick bucket mid-match as star chunders on court And Medvedev stuck to his word, downing the top seed in just 95 minutes to hand Djokovic his first defeat since the Paris Masters final in early November. The third seed went on to claim the trophy in Dubai with an even more convincing 6-2 6-2 victory over countryman Andrey Rublev, who had been attempting to defend his title win from last year. Meanwhile, Djokovic was full of praise for his conqueror after the match as he told reporters in Dubai: “He's a former No 1 and a Grand Slam winner. Anyone that won a Grand Slam, was No 1 in the world, has a huge value. Every time he steps out on the court, an announcer is announcing his name, reading what he has achieved, having a Grand Slam title and No 1 next to his game is a huge deal for our sport.” 