Nick Knowles slammed a cruel comment about his weight gain in a brutal social media jibe. The presenter who is currently appearing on Into the Grand Canyon with Nick Knowles came under fire for his choice of wardrobe selection on the show. During the Channel 5 show which aired over two nights, the 60-year-old explored the world-famous Grand Canyon and also offered an insight into the canyon in Arizona. However, one viewer decided to let Nick know their 83-year-old mum’s thoughts on his appearance. One viewer typed: "Hi @MrNickKnowles I watched the first episode with my 83-year-old mother and she was wondering did you only have one shirt. “And that there seemed to be more of you than what the shirt could cope with." READ MORE: Martin Roberts addresses Homes Under The Hammer future Nick, however, wasn't going to let the comment slide as he responded in full view of his 174,500 Twitter followers, saying: "How lovely of you to take the time to tweet me that I'm currently overweight. “You're right - I am a bit heavier than I should be. "I chose not to change the shirt (I had two the same so they could be washed) because I wanted the scenery to be talked about - not what I'm wearing." Fans rushed to support Nick in the comment section as they urged him not to justify himself. One typed: "Nick you are a brilliant presenter and I love your new show. “It's a shame some people feel they have to criticise you. “You are a kind man who always cares and we all enjoy watching." It comes as Nick shared he got stuck in the Grand Canyon while making his new TV show after putting on four stone during lockdown. DONT MISS:Jeremy Clarkson hits back over Diddly Squat farm shop pricing claims (PHOTOS)Amanda Owen has 'stressful couple of weeks' amid health woes on farm (NEWS)Carol Vorderman flaunts ageless physique in tight leather leggings (LATEST) The presenter previously revealed his weight crept up to 18st during the pandemic, got jammed in a crevice while filming Channel 5's The Grand Canyon. Speaking on Radio X, Nick told how much of the system around the caves is built for "skinny people". He said: "You have to go through horizontal chimneys which are for real cavers, who are like whippets — they're tiny, skinny people. "But my director was like, 'Go through here, and there's a cave on the other side which we can talk in.'" Nick recalled how he began to panic after he got wedged and was unable to move his shoulders. He said: "But halfway along, I was like, 'I can't do this, this is just too much'. I had palpitations, it was seriously terrifying. "There was a point where I was wedged, I couldn't get my shoulders through and I was wedged. My heart started to go and I was, 'Breathe, breathe, breathe'. "The caver said to me, 'So how are you feeling about your life choices?'"