Will Mellor left Coronation Street as villain Harvey Gaskell after the drug lord was imprisoned. Since leaving the ITV staple, Will has explored other projects, becoming a favourite in last year's Strictly Come Dancing and presenting World's Most Dangerous Roads. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the actor didn't rule out a return to the cobbles as he teased "Who knows?" when discussing the potential for the killer to make an explosive comeback. Harvey was jailed after his crimes left Coronation Street residents terrified. He left youngster Sam Blakeman (played by Jude Riordan) without a mother after he fatally shot Natasha Blakeman (Rachel Leskovac). While he was put behind bars a while ago, Will made a brief comeback to the soap after Sam pleaded for a prison visit with him. The schoolboy was determined to find out what led to Harvey's life of crime and ultimately his mother's death. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap However, the character very much remains incarcerated, so a return to the street is unlikely. Fans will remember though that Harvey escaped prison once before. When asked if there was scope for more Harvey scenes, Will told Express.co.uk: "Who knows? Who knows?" He added: "I love the character. But he is in prison for killing someone! "So, you know, I don't know. As I say, once this tour is over, I've got so much that I want to do." Will took part in the Strictly Come Dancing tour at the start of the year following his success on the show. He was paired with choreographer Nancy Xu and the two made it to the semi-finals. As well as embracing his new dancing skills, Will has used his Corrie exit to pursue other interests. Don't miss... Police dog steals the show as BBC Breakfast fans praise pooch [VIDEO] Michelle Yeoh on 'beacon of hope' for Asian community after Oscar win [LATEST] Endeavour's Shaun Evans pays tribute to Fred Thursday star [LATEST] He recently took part in World's Most Dangerous Roads alongside pal Leigh Francis, also known as Keith Lemon. The programme saw the two venture to Albania to tackle some very unsafe journeys. Will explained: "It's going out there and you know, going to the unknown. Putting yourself in places you wouldn't normally be. "And Keith was well out of his comfort zone, and I love travel. I love travelling and going to see the world - if I can get out there, I will." Based on this passion, the actor also shared his dream to create a series about travelling for a working-class audience. "I want to get my own travel show off the ground," Will divulged. "Something different - something for maybe for people who've got less money. "So for the working class, like where I come from, to show people how they can maybe go to places and still have adventures, but maybe save a few quid. "And maybe show you where might be a bit cheaper but also just to go and do something like that. I'd love to do more travel stuff." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday on ITV from 8pm.