A mother has been inundated with advice after her 15-year-old daughter's boyfriend asked to have a sleepover with her for his birthday. The mum told online parents forum Mumsnet that the boyfriend is celebrating his birthday this weekend and he had invited her to stay the night. The mum wrote in a post on Wednesday that the boyfriend was diagnosed with sepsis last year and was "very unwell". She added he still struggles with the condition. She wrote: "It's his birthday this weekend and he's invited DD to spend it with him and his family at a small party which I have no issue with, the issue is he's asked DD to sleep over on Friday night, which I've said no to as I feel they're still too young. "DD is very annoyed at this and has said they aren't going to have sex (which I didn't mention) which I should ‘already know’ as he is still not 100 percent well." The concerned mum continued: "I don't care about him as it's the one thing he wants (he hasn't asked for a present, just to see her) etc. "I'm now wondering if I'm being a bit mean by saying no." The mum's post led to a flurry of comments from fellow Mumsnet users. User Aquamarine1029 said: "She's 15, she does not need to sleep over at her boyfriend's, especially if that's not something you agree with. "You're the parent, you make the rules, and anyone else's opinion on the matter is irrelevant." Fellow user Fansandblankets added: "I have a 15 and a 16 year old. It would be a firm No to both of them." READ A BUS DRIVER SACKED FOR GRABBING A COFFEE Proudofitbabe chimed in: "At 15 it would be a firm no from me." MrsTerryPratchett struck a more conciliatory tone, commenting: "My dad used to threaten to sleep in the hall. With a bat. "But having a conversation about respect and expectations and boundaries works better than that." Other Mumsnet users said they would allow it, but with conditions attached. Don't miss... POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [OPINION] Harry and Meghan 'odds on' to attend Coronation, bookies say [LATEST] Lilibet christening 'mystery' over Harry and Meghan's timing of event [REVEALED] ChannelyourinnerElsa asked: "Presumably you know the other parents? "If it was separate rooms and I trusted both the other parents and my daughter, I probably would allow." And partiefantasy wrote: "I would trust my daughter... if I liked the guy." But dottypotter pointed out: "Why do ppl always assume they can stop a teen having sex because they ban a sleepover. "There are other times and places it can happen. You can't ban them ever being alone together. "Is it getting pregnant [you're] worried about[?] [I]f so that can happen anytime not just a sleepover." The mum added: "I don't think I can ban them from having sex, that isn't my [reason] for saying no, I just think they're both still too young (especially DD). "DD also used the reasoning that she should be allowed as she is allowed in his room during the day, which his parents did confirm a few months ago as they said they do allow it when he's very tired and just wants to watch a film but they check on them regularly etc which they obviously won't be doing at night." According to the Family Planning Association, open and honest talk about consent can help children identify positive behaviours around sex and help keep them safe when they begin to explore their sexuality. The age of consent in the UK is 16-years-old. The Family Planning Association says it is important to let your child know they can talk to a nurse, doctor or other professional. More more information and advice visit fpa.org.uk