Manchester United are concerned about having to deal with Tottenham supremo Daniel Levy as they eye a move for Harry Kane, according to reports. Erik ten Hag is eager to land a new striker when the transfer window reopens at the end of the season. And who the Red Devils end up landing remains to be seen, with Victor Osimhen and Dusan Vlahovic also potential options. Manchester United have long admired Kane and, with the striker yet to win a trophy at Tottenham, a summer switch could take place. According to ESPN, however, there’s a chance the Red Devils won’t go all guns blazing as they look to land the 29-year-old due to the prospect of having to deal with Levy. The Tottenham supremo hasn’t allowed a single player to swap north London for the red side of Manchester ever since 2008, when Dimitar Berbatov crossed the divide. And a source has told the publication United ‘may not even get involved’ in a potential bidding war for Kane. "United can't afford to start the season without a new striker," the source is quoted as saying. "And having dealt with Levy in the past, they don't want to go through that nightmare all over again for Kane with so much at stake, so they might not even get involved." Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players United are wary of how Tottenham may complicate any pursuit of Kane due to their reluctance to lose their prized asset. Levy is a tough negotiator, having previously blocked his talisman from leaving Spurs for Manchester City back in 2021. Should United miss out, the publication names two players as potential back-up options. Osimhen is on their radar, with the Napoli striker propelling his side to the top of the Serie A table with 19 goals and four assists. Napoli would likely demand big money to let him go, however, which may deter United irrespective of any potential takeover. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes And Vlahovic is another player under consideration, too. Ralf Rangnick recommended the Serbia international to the United board in January last year, shortly after it emerged Mason Greenwood would be unavailable. Vlahovic was strutting his stuff for Fiorentina at the time but Juventus pounced to secure his signature. Since then, the 23-year-old has down hot and cold with injuries often hampering him and preventing the striker from kicking on. But United are drawing up Kane contingency plans and what ultimately happens remains to be seen, with the summer creeping closer. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Meanwhile, speaking to TeamTalk, journalist Ben Jacobs has suggested Kane will likely stay at Tottenham if they’re able to qualify for next season’s Champions League. “I think the first thing to say about Harry Kane is that Spurs have always been quite calm about the situation, but the project at the moment is not moving in the right direction,” Jacobs said. “And that breeds uncertainty. “From Kane’s perspective, he wants to stay at Tottenham in an ideal world. But he also wants to win things and play Champions League football. “So the big thing at the beginning of the season was about Tottenham backing up last campaign and going well in the Champions League. “But because Tottenham are out of the Champions League, finishing in the top four is now going to be very significant over his future. “This is a very pivotal time for Harry Kane, because the next decision he makes is going to be the last big renewal during his career. “As a consequence, if he stays at Tottenham, he has to believe that the club are moving in the right direction. “At the moment, I think Kane still feels like things are in his control. “And if he can fire Spurs into the top four, then he will probably agree a new deal. So there still is optimism and calmness at Tottenham about the situation being in their control.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE