For her first day in the UK, on Wednesday, March 1, Princess Mette-Marit attended a Norwegian networking reception at Lindley Hall in London. The occasion required smart clothes, and Mette-Marit didn't disappoint. The Princess looked elegant in a floor-length, sparkling gown by a brand that is a favourite among royal circles: The Vampire's Wife. Called the 'Cinderella' Ruffle-Trimmed Silk-Blend Dress, the gown retailed for $1,821, or £1,518, when it was on sale. It is no longer available to buy, but other similar versions are. The dress featured the label's iconic ruffle, three-quarter sleeves, and a ruffle-lined hemline. It was navy blue and shimmered in the light, with the sleeves a little sheerer than the rest of the dress. This gown is a Vampire's Wife classic and has been seen on other royals, as well as Mette-Marit. Kate, Princess of Wales, owns multiple versions of the dress. Last year, the royal wore a shimmering pink design for a reception in Belize, during her and Prince William's tour of the Caribbean. This was the 'Light Sleeper' Wool-Blend Lamé Maxi Dress, which is still available to buy on Matches Fashion. The dress has shorter sleeves than Mette-Marit's version, but the ruffles still remain. It is also floor-length and has a cinched-in waist.  Kate also owns the 'Falconetti' Dress by The Vampire's Wife - in emerald green. There is also a silver version. This gown has ruffle, three-quarter sleeves and ruffles on its hemline. Like the other dresses, it also has a round neckline and a cinched-in waist. The Princess of Wales donned this stunning dress for the first time in March 2020 - which was the first time she wore The Vampire's Wife in general. Princess Beatrice is also a fan of the brand, and wore the same emerald green dress as Kate to singer Ellie Goulding's wedding in 2019. On Wednesday, Princess Mette-Marit combined her Vampire's Wife dress with a pair of Monolo Blahnik shoes, called the 'BB 70' Navy Suede Pumps. She also carried the 'Manila' Navy Satin Clutch by VBH, an Italy and New York City-based luxury handbag brand. At one point during the evening, Mette-Marit donned her glasses, which were the FT5615-B Blue Light Block 001 Glasses by Tom Ford. The Princess was also wearing black sheer tights and dangling earrings. Her blonde hair was styled in curls and she wore a slick of pink lipgloss. Royal fans were quick to comment on the Norwegian royal's clothes, with mixed reviews. Many also noted how popular The Vampire's Wife's dresses are among royals. User @ellainthecityboston wrote: "Every royal seems to have this dress in a different colour." User @hwhyer said: "She looks gorgeous but man am I tired of seeing the same iteration of that dress on the royals." User @isabelq42 commented: "She looks lovely. But more important it is always nice to see her looking healthy and well." User @just_kathryne said: "Glad to see I’m not the only one who does not understand the appeal of these Vampire's Wife dresses. The fabric and the style both look kind of tacky. Maybe they’re classier looking in person?" User @emm_a_lire wrote: "Not a fan of this dress. So it is a no. It is too shiny." User @birdnerd327 said: "Truly do not get the fascination with this dress. Is it better in person?" User @mog1717 said: "I hate that line. The fabric looks cheap." User @rose_mcguire91 commented: "She looks lovely, I think it’s a requirement to have this dress if you are a royal." User @cattym63 added: "Beautiful. This dress is made for her. She looks pretty."