The Great British Bake Off host Prue Leith was made a Dame in the final birthday honours list compiled by the late Queen Elizabeth II last June. However, as she subsequently learned, if you wish to receive your honour from a member of the Royal Family, patience is considered a virtue. So the South-African born TV chef decided to expedite the process after communicating with the Palace. “I had a letter from the Palace that said, ‘We can’t give you your Damehood for four years because there’s a backlog,’ she revealed. “I thought, ‘I haven’t got four years.’ They said, ‘Your local Lord Lieutenant can do it, or you can have it by post.’ “So, I had the Lord Lieutenant come. She was all dressed up in smart uniform at my house, my daughter read the citation and it was lovely and we had a drink. “No royals involved,” she told Jonathan Ross on his chat show to be aired this Saturday. READ MORE: First Date’s Fred Sirieix shares health update on Merlin Griffiths In full flow, she continued: “You can have a coat of arms if you’re a Knight or Dame. “I went with my husband, and they said, ‘What do you want for your motto?’ “And I said I was ‘JFDI’, by which I mean, ‘Just f*****g do it’. “And they said, ‘We don’t think the ‘f’ will go down well in higher places.’ Forced to compromise, Prue revealed that she plumped for “Nothing in moderation,” which is now also the name of her tour. She has been travelling to theatres around the country regaling audiences with stories about the ups and downs of her life. She tells all about being a successful restaurateur, novelist, businesswoman, Great British Bake-Off judge and even poisoning her clients. “I mostly tell funny stories about catering disasters, feeding the Royal family, personal stuff and so on,” she said. DON'T MISS: Zoe Ball apologises to listeners as Gogglebox's Lee Riley swears [SPOILER]The Repair Shop guest breaks down over treasured item [SPOILER]Love Island star claims she was ‘set up to fail’ on the show [OPINION] “The second half the audience asks me questions. I thought I would hate it because I was so frightened when we did the tryouts,” she admitted. “Then my doctor gave me some wonderful drugs that stop your heart going like this [pumping] and it calmed my heart down. “There are so many comedians who are well past their sell-by date, and they can’t stop. “And the reason they can’t stop is because of that feeling of the audience loving you. It’s just such a drug, honestly,” she confessed. Prue also praised The Great British Bake Off for giving an older face a chance. She added: “If this was happening 30 years ago and I was 80… it wouldn’t have happened. “In the last 10 years, it’s been better for women who are older. I’ve had a brilliant time and I love it and long may it last.” “I shall try to retire gracefully and not stick around just because I love the attention.” The Jonathan Ross Show is on ITV and ITVX Saturday nights at 9.40pm.