A woman born after her mother was raped tracked down her biological father to an institution for the disabled - using an Ancestry.com DNA kit. Maggie Cruz is now suing the facility claiming they covered up abuse against her mum and other patients for years. Cruz alleged her mother, who wore nappies and had the mental age of a two-year-old, was raped and impregnated by an employee of the Monroe Developmental Center in the early months of 1986. She said her mother, identified in court documents as IC, was sexually abused while under the care of the Office for People with Developmental Disabilities. Cruz said IC was living at the facility when administrators discovered she was five months pregnant in May 1986. The institution allegedly told the family they would investigate and file a police report but did not. The complaint read: "MDC’s contemporaneous progress notes indicated no meaningful efforts to identify, let alone punish, the perpetrator(s) of numerous violent physical attacks on IC around the time her rapist impregnated her." Cruz, who was aware she was a child of rape since her childhood, began investigating the circumstances behind the sickening incident in 2019. READ MORE: Republicans warn Joe Biden's 'unserious' Budget could 'kill US economy beyond repair' She requested several records from the time of her conception and conducted a mail-in Ancestry.com DNA test that ultimately allowed her to identify her mother's rapist as an ex-employee of Monroe Developmental Center. Cruz told The Daily Beast: "My mother has had a hard life. I hope this lawsuit will help her get the care that she deserves. "I live a blessed life, and I thank God for my amazingly supportive husband and five kids, who give me the strength to lead with compassion and grace every day.” A spokesperson for the Office for People with Developmental Disabilities said they could not comment on pending litigation. But they insisted that "the safety and well-being of the people we support is OPWDD's highest priority." Cruz's lawsuit alleged New York has a long and shameful history of abuse towards disabled people, arguing that Monroe Developmental Center was a facility with an extensive history of violence. The suit cited several examples of incidents at the care home as it accused administrators of gross neglect, physical and sexual abuse in addition to general mismanagement. Residential services at Monroe Developmental Center ended in January 2013. Cruz is pursuing a civil lawsuit against the institution as the statute of limitation prevents her from filing rape charges on behalf of her mother.    DON'T MISS Seven dead and dozens injured in shooting at Hamburg church [LATEST] Schoolchildren arrested over horrific videos of cats being abused  [VIDEO] Gran, 36, stabbed with scissors after clashing with neighbour [CRIME] IC was returned to Monroe Developmental Center shortly after giving birth and remained there until she was moved to another facility in 1995. Her lawyers, Carrie Goldberg and Susan Crumiller, filed the lawsuit under the Adult Survivor's Act in what they hope will be a "historic opportunity to hold unsafe institutions of all kinds accountable for targeting the most vulnerable members of society here in New York – no matter how long ago that harm happened.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews