Manchester United travel to Anfield bursting with confidence this weekend and knowing they can put a dagger into their arch-rivals’ hopes of qualifying for the Champions League. And the recent Carabao Cup winners go to Merseyside with a handy advantage over Liverpool for Sunday’s showdown too. The Red Devils are riding the crest of a wave courtesy of a two-week run that has seen them win the League Cup against Newcastle at Wembley, beat Barcelona to reach the last 16 of the Europa League, progress to the FA Cup quarter-finals and emerge as potential late contenders for the Premier League title. Erik ten Hag has overseen a complete turnaround at Old Trafford since defeats to Brighton and Brentford to start the Premier League season. And the Dutchman securing victory at Anfield, where United are winless since 2016, would be yet another milestone in the club’s revival and a statement of intent in the title race. And the United manager has a convenient advantage over Liverpool counterpart Jurgen Klopp. That’s because he was able to rest most of his starting eleven for their Wednesday night FA Cup win over West Ham. MUST READ: Roy Keane and Ian Wright disagree on Arsenal and Man Utd target Rice Only four of the 11 players who started against the Hammers - David de Gea, Diogo Dalot, Bruno Fernandes and Wout Weghorst - are likely to start on Merseyside. Even then, Aaron Wan-Bissaka might be preferred to Dalot up against Diogo Jota or Cody Gakpo. Casemiro did come off the bench to play 45 minutes with Lisandro Martinez and Marcus Rashford both playing the last half an hour as substitutes. Yet they should still be fresher than their opponents, and certainly carrying greater confidence. Liverpool defeated Wolves in the Premier League on the same night and had to go full-strength from the off. They did not make a substitution until after the first goal. Jota came off on 76 minutes before Stefan Bajcetic followed three minutes later and Darwin Nunez and Trent Alexander-Arnold were also subbed in the final minutes. That means United’s players should be fresher despite their recent exertions. Though Ten Hag’s team are in the midst of a hectic fixture schedule, their current winning momentum should help avoid fatigue setting in, particularly any mental fatigue, given the incentive of winning extra trophies this season. Ten Hag has been masterful with his tactics of late and will hope to concoct a plan to frustrate the hosts and expose their frailties, perhaps by hitting them on the counter-attack through Rashford and Jadon Sancho. United have not won at Anfield for seven years and are seeking a first season double against Liverpool since 2015-16. This will be the Dutch tactician’s first trip to the home of United’s bitter rivals, and coming away with all three points - knowing the impact that would have for both teams - would be yet another fillip. Ten Hag will have to make the most of United’s advantage.