Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's organisation Archewell announced via a spokeswoman on Wednesday: "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” The couple lived in the property for five months in 2019, before they moved permanently to America.  Harry and Meghan continued to pay rent at Frogmore Cottage as they considered it their UK base for whenever they returned back to the country. But now, it has been confirmed that the couple can no longer call Frogmore Cottage home. Suzanne Roynon, an expert interiors therapist and Feng Shui consultant spoke to Express.co.uk to give some insight into what the property is like inside. She said: "Frogmore Cottage, the house formerly leased by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in the grounds of Windsor Castle was renovated from old staff accommodation into a luxurious five-bedroom home. The project caused controversy until the royal couple repaid the significant costs of a huge refurbishment programme.  "Harry and Megan funded the interior design and fitting themselves, but the major renovation work was initially done at the taxpayers’ expense. "The couple, who are well known for supporting environmental and green issues, were criticised for incorporating high price tag sustainable and eco-friendly elements into the property. "After their decision to withdraw as active working members of the Royal Family in 2020 and their relocation to first Canada and then California, Prince Harry repaid the costs in full and then leased Frogmore Cottage as his UK base, paying a full market rent for the property." The Interiors Therapist and Feng Shui consultant suspects elements of Feng Shui may have been incorporated into the property since the remodel was completed.   Especially in view of the negative publicity in the aftermath of the Duke and Duchess moving in. Ms Roynon claimed: “In Feng Shui terms, after the significant renovations of 2019, Frogmore Cottage would be regarded as a ‘Bad for People/Good for Money’ property. “The couple had been riding high in public opinion after their wedding in May 2018. "But at the time of their move to Frogmore, their popularity waned and stories of a rift between the couple and other members of the Royal Family emerged. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home  "Tension and stress are something we see all the time in Feng Shui when people live in or move into a property which isn’t supportive. “The energy of a home can make or break a family when it isn’t providing the balance and harmony they need." The expert listed the negative things that could result due to Feng Shui. Ms Roynon opined: "A ‘Bad for People’ property can cause divorce, illness, emotional and mental health issues and a feeling of total overwhelm, almost as though the world is ‘out to get you’.  "It’s easily fixed with the right interventions, but even the beautiful interior design scheme created by Vicky Charles of Soho Farmhouse renown, won’t in itself have been sufficient to iron out the pockets of negativity within Frogmore Cottage." The expert argues that this was ultimately why the couple moved to Montecito in Santa Barbara. Ms Roynon suggested: "This ‘Bad for People’ energy will have put immense pressure on the couple and left a sour taste as they settled in. "I imagine the tension this created and the impact on their wellbeing ultimately resulted in their painful decision to move abroad to build a new life primarily as private citizens."