The Met Office has issued snow and ice alerts across many areas from 5pm today until 11am Wednesday morning, warning of travel disruption and delays. Northern areas should expect around 5-11cm of snowfall, while heavy outbreaks of rain are expected nationwide. The weather service also warned “some injuries from slips and falls on icy surfaces” are possible as temperatures plummet overnight. Weather maps have revealed northern parts of Scotland could see up to 11cm of snow this morning, while the Midlands should only expect around 1-2cm of snow. Northern England could see up to 4cm of fresh powder this morning. However, by midday the white stuff is expected to melt in most areas except Scotland, northern England and certain points in Wales, weather maps WXCharts shows. READ MORE: Mason Mount future heading in one direction after latest Chelsea talks The Met Office has revealed that snow accumulations have decreased over the weekend, with areas of northwest England removed from the yellow weather warning as snow is no longer predicted. And by Wednesday, the weather is expected to turn milder, despite fears of continued unsettled weather into April. Today is expected to be chilly paired with scattered wintry showers and widespread frost overnight. Looking ahead, on Friday, most of the UK will experience cloudy weather, with sunny spells most likely expected in central parts of the UK. Rain is likely in Scotland, where it could turn to snow over higher ground, as well as over England and Wales, which could be heavy with a risk of thunder. Don't miss... Sunak says China is 'biggest threat’ in new interview [INSIGHT] Eggs are now 56 percent more expensive than they were in October [LATEST] Sunak facing 'real test' with US trade deal charm offensive [REVEAL] In its March 18 to 27 forecast, the Met Office predicted: “Saturday is likely to be rather cloudy with showers or longer spells of rain possible for many, although generally rather mild, while parts of the north could see continuing sleet or snow accompanied by some strong winds. “Towards the end of March, pressure may become higher across northern areas and will likely be accompanied by colder conditions, whilst southern areas could see further wet weather at times. “The northern edge of any rain will still be prone to fall as snow, but given the time of year, wintry hazards will likely become increasingly transient.”