Chelsea have already found their next Thiago Silva in Wesley Fofana according to BBC pundit Danny Murphy. The Frenchman was praised for his passing, ability on the ball and his aerial prowess after he scored the winner for the Blues in their first victory in seven matches to ease pressure on underfire boss Graham Potter. Chelsea picked up a win in the Premier League for the first time since mid-January following their narrow 1-0 win over Leeds United. Potter had Fofana to thank for the victory with the former Leicester man heading home from a Ben Chilwell corner. The 22-year-old was also impressive defensively as the Blues mounted a strong rearguard action to keep their opponents at bay. As a result, his performance drew special praise from football pundit Murphy, with the former Liverpool and Fulham midfielder suggesting the Blues have already found their next Thiago Silva. “When you play for Chelsea, you need to be good on the ball, you need to be [able to play] forward passes with confidence,” he told Match of the Day when speaking about Fofana.“We see the progressive passing, somebody, similar to [Thiago] Silva, who’s got the confidence to play on the front foot and get Chelsea up the pitch, which they’ve lacked in recent weeks. “His passing is excellent, he’s comfortable on the ball, and he’s a threat in both boxes.” JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans Fofana only recently returned from four months out with injury after picking up a knee issue during the Champions League win over AC Milan in October. He is not set for an extended spell in the starting line-up after Silva picked up a knee injury himself, ruling him out for the next six weeks. It was the Frenchman’s second goal since moving to Stamford Bridge from Leicester in the summer and he could barely contain his excitement after the match. “The feeling is incredible,” Fofana told the Chelsea media team after the game.” After my goal the stadium was crazy. Everybody was all together, and the goal was for the whole club. “On Friday at the training ground, I worked on set pieces, the timing of my run, and then I scored. It’s perfect. The injury for four months, it was hard emotionally, but when I scored everything was leaving me. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears “I scored, the team won, and a clean sheet as well. It was a very good day and now we’re focused for Tuesday.” It is another big week for Chelsea as they look to get their campaign back on track. Borussia Dortmund are the visitors on Tuesday as they seek to overturn their one-goal deficit from the first leg while Leicester are the opposition in the Premier League next Saturday.