Rishi Sunak today tore apart Sir Keir Starmer for being "just another leftie lawyer standing in our way" on tackling the small boats crisis. The Prime Minister clashed with the Labour leader over his new laws to get a grip on Channel crossings during a fiery PMQs at midday. Sir Keir, a former head of the Crown Prosecution Service, was on the receiving end of the PM's jibe after he accused the Government of delivering "utter failure" and warning the "problem just gets worse with every new gimmick". But Mr Sunak said: "Stopping the boats is not just my priority, it is the people's priority. "But his position on this is clear: he wanted to, in his words, scrap the Rwanda deal; he voted against measures to deport foreign criminals; and he even argued against deportation flights. "We know why - on this matter he talks about his legal background, he's just another leftie lawyer standing in our way." Tory MPs lapped up the energetic display from the Prime Minister, who repeatedly skewered Sir Keir over his record of backing free movement. In one of the most eyebrow-raising allegations levelled against the Leader of the Opposition, the PM accused Sir Keir of being on the wrong side of the immigration debate his entire political career. Mr Sunak even accused the Labour leader of believing all immigration controls are racist, citing a 1988 article he wrote for Socialist Lawyer magazine, in which he claimed a “racist undercurrent… permeates all immigration law". The article by Sir Keir said that preferential treatment European visitors and settlers showed “the racist undercurrent which permeates all immigration law, whether implemented by the Tories or Labour". It adds: “It’s not a question of numbers, it’s a question of racism.” Tory MPs were particularly enthusiastic for the Prime Minister’s attack line, which appears to be designed as a major difference between the two parties set up in time for the next general election. Mr Sunak said: The reality is on this issue, he has been on the wrong side of this issue his entire career. "He described all immigration law as racist. He said it was a mistake to control immigration. And he has never, ever voted for tougher asylum laws. "It is clear while he is hock to the open border activists, we're on the side of the British people." Mr Sunak also claimed Labour "have absolutely no plan" on stopping rubber dinghies. He said: "We've actually got a clear plan to stop people coming here in the first place. Labour have absolutely no plan on this issue because they simply don't want to tackle the problem.  "We introduced tougher sentences for people smugglers, they opposed it, we signed a deal with Rwanda, they opposed it, we are deporting foreign offenders as we speak, they oppose it. "In fact, he opposed every single step of what we've done to try and stop this problem. "In fact, his only contribution to this debate, well we know what it is, in his own words, what did he say? We will defend free movement, that's the Labour Party for you." Elsewhere during PMQs, Mr Sunak accused the SNP's Westminster leader of speaking "a load of nonsense". Stephen Flynn asked the Prime Minister whether his Government is taking inspiration from "Nigel Farage or Enoch Powell". Mr Flynn said: "Just yesterday, this was a Tory government that said that 100 million people could be coming to these shores and this is the Tory government that this morning said that number could in fact be billions. Complete and utter nonsense.  "So, may I ask the Prime Minister from whom are his Government taking inspiration, Nigel Farage or Enoch Powell?" But the PM hit back: "In fact, the figure of 100 million ... it doesn't come from the Government, it comes from the United Nations and it illustrates the scale of the global migration crisis the world is grappling with, which is why it is right that we take action because if we do not, the numbers will continue to grow. "They have more than quadrupled in just two years. It's a sign of what is to come and our system will continue to be overwhelmed. "If that happens, we will not be able to help the people who are most in need of our support, our generosity and our compassion." It comes after the Prime Minister and Home Secretary Suella yesterday unveiled tough new laws to get a grip on migrant Channel crossings. 