Riley Keough is starring in the titular role of drama Daisy Jones and The Six on Amazon Prime Video, alongside Sam Claflin and Suki Waterhouse. The first three episodes have come out today, Friday, March 3, telling the tale of the 1970s band in a documentary style. With excitement building ahead of the season, subscribers are keen to know more about its leading lady Riley Keough. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Daisy Jones and The Six. Daisy Jones and The Six actress Riley Keough is married to Australian stuntman and actor Ben Smith-Petersen. He may not be a big Hollywood name but he has been in a lot of films you probably would have seen such as The Great Gatsby, The Hunger Games, The Hobbit, Suicide Squad and The Forever Purge. The pair actually met on the set of Mad Max: Fury Road set, which was filmed in Australia, in 2013. They didn't start dating though until about a year later when Keough had to return Down Under for further shooting. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges It was on February 4, 2015, that the couple tied the knot in Napa, California. Opening up to Vogue Australia about their nuptials, Keough said: “Technically, our first wedding was in Nepal, because we were there building a school a couple of weeks before we got married. “The families knew we were getting married and they said, ‘Let us throw you a Hindu wedding.’ "It was so beautiful and, in some ways, that wedding was a little more intimate and really special. “That wedding, I cried. At my bigger wedding, I was a little nervous, I wasn’t as present. But it was still equally as amazing.” The American Honey actress hasn't had the easiest time over the past few years. Her brother Benjamin Keough died of suicide at the age of 27 in July 2020 and their mum Lisa Marie Presley died aged 54 in January this year after suffering a cardiac arrest. What fans of hers may not have known was that Keough and Smith-Petersen had a daughter at a similar time to Lisa Marie's death, having kept the pregnancy under wraps. It was Keough's husband though who let the world know at his mother-in-law's funeral. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [EXIT]Moonpig is offering free delivery on Mother's Day bouquets - but hurry [DEAL]What happened to Pete Loving in Daisy Jones and The Six? [EXPLAINER] The funeral service was held at Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee on January 22. He read out a letter Keough had written as a tribute to her mum which included the revelation that they now had a daughter. On behalf of his wife, Smith-Petersen said: “Thank you for showing me that love is the most important thing in this life. "I hope I can love my daughter the way you loved me." There were a few other men in Keough's life before she said "I do" to Ben. She did date Magic Mike co-star Alex Pettyfer in 2013 and got engaged but split up less than a year later. The Daisy Jones actress has also been romantically linked to actors Robert Pattinson and Jonah Hill and singer Ryan Cabrera. Daisy Jones and The Six is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.