Jack Sock is certainly not the most popular or well-known name in the world of tennis, with the likes of Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray certainly drawing more limelight. The American, however, made his mark in the Rio 2016 Summer Olympics registering achievements that were historic, to say the very least. The 30-year-old is an aggressive baseliner who always takes big cuts on the ball. He has a distinctive forehand which he hits with extreme topspin and pace, making the ball shoot viciously into the air after contact with the ground. Sock started playing tennis at the age of eight and, when turned 12, he moved along with his mother Pam and brother Eric to Kansas City, in order to join the Mike Wolf Tennis Academy. He turned professional in 2011 and broke into the top 100 in 2013. Within a year of that, he tasted Grand Slam success, albeit in doubles, winning the Wimbledon men's doubles showpiece with Vasek Pospisil. Sock also tasted success as an Olympian, playing in all three tennis competitions at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Despite losing in the first round in singles, he earned a bronze medal in doubles with Steve Johnson and a gold medal in mixed doubles with Bethanie Mattek-Sands. The American has had an up and down career in singles. In 2017, he won the Paris Masters and reached the semi-finals of the ATP Finals a few weeks later. Not many active players in the current era can boast of having won an ATP Masters 1000 title - and that certianly puts Sock in elite company. Following that success, he broke into the top ten of the ATP singles rankings - but he would not find any joy in head-to-heads. That said, his bigger successes have come in doubles, where he has won multiple Grand Slams. Sock teamed up with Mike Bryan to form the best doubles partnership in the world. The duo won both Wimbledon and the US Open in 2018, turning into an intimidating presence on the court together. As of 2023, his net worth is estimated to be £8.3million ($10m), an increase of about three times since 2017. Away from the court, Sock has dated a number of high-profile tennis stars including former US Open champion Sloane Stephens and British bombshell, Katie Boulter. Not much is known entirely about why both of those relationships came to an end, however, Sock's love life these days is currently as solid as his doubles game. His new doubles partner in life comes in the shape of his wife, Laura Sock, whom he lives with in Charlotte, North Carolina. The 26-year-old blonde beauty was crowned Miss North Carolina USA in 2019 - and it's easy to see why. Previously, Laura was a cheerleader for 12 years and began training aged seven. She can be found on Instagram with 100k followers and regularly takes to the gram posting all kinds of photos from snaps of her and Jack to their dogs Wesley and Winnie, as well as lots of model-related uploads. While Jack was dating Laura, he hilariously took part in a Babolat advertisement which saw him throw his name into the hat to become the next President of the United States. Babolat, his racket sponsor, spotted an opportunity and have created a "Jack Sock for President" campaign complete with a website featuring teaser videos and free Super Official Campaign Kits (S.O.C.K) for US residents. Speaking of the initiative, Sock told tennishead: "I take a lot of pride in representing the States and especially this year at Davis Cup and the Olympics. "It's been a lot of fun for me. I’ve had a lot of fun shooting the commercials and I feel like the fans really love it. It was a great idea by Babolat."