Brooks Koepka has threatened to restart his feud with old rival Bryson DeChambeau after taking a cheeky swipe on social media. Koepka and DeChambeau’s rivalry is a well-known one, with the pair clashing on many occasions over the past few years. The beef initially started when Koepka seemed to call out DeChambeau for his slow play whilst competing at the 2019 Dubai Desert Classic, and from there things escalated. Throughout 2020, the pair continued to clash, whether that would be at PGA Tour events or online, during the COVID-19 pandemic. Arguably the most famous spat came at the 2021 PGA Championship. With tensions known to be high, Koepka iconically rolled his eyes as a pair of clinking golf spikes walked past and interrupted at Kiawah Island. Who did said spikes belong to? Well his arch rival DeChambeau of course. It appeared the pair initially settled their differences a few months later, when they faced off in an edition of ‘The Match’. It was Koepka who took the bragging rights, as he defeated his fellow American in the match play event. Over a year on, the pair seemingly have more in common than they first thought, after both controversially signed up with LIV Golf following its inception last summer. Since then, all has appeared well between the two rivals. READ MORE: LIV Golf suffers fresh humiliation as more people tune in for World’s Funniest Animals In an effort to seemingly light the fuse again though, Koepka has taken a cheeky swipe at his former Ryder Cup teammate. This comes after Instagram account ‘Golf Busters’ announced they were expecting a second baby boy. With their first child named Brooks, they asked their followers whether they should aptly name their second Bryson. In the comments section there was one main opponent, and that man was Koepka, as he brutally responded: ‘No.” DON'T MISS: LIV Golf returns but 12-team format is nonsense and nobody cares The four-time major champion’s dig came just days after he confirmed his feud with the 2020 US Open champion was finally over. Speaking on social media last week he said: “Believe it or not, we squashed it. We’re good. “I actually talk to him quite frequently because of what’s going on here at LIV. Pretty much on an every-other-day basis. So, we’ve got a good open line of communication. We’ve figured it all out, and we’re good.” 