An F1 insider has claimed Aston Martin’s AMR23 is overrated and has told fans to pay attention to Alpine this year, it has been claimed. The new F1 season is set to get underway this weekend in Bahrain, with Red Bull ace Max Verstappen and Mercedes star Lewis Hamilton among the favourites to win the title. Aston Martin finished seventh in the Constructors’ Championship standings last season after picking up 55 points. Sebastian Vettel secured 10 top 10 finishes throughout the season, while his team-mate Lance Stroll ended eight races in the top 10. Four-time world champion Vettel retired from F1 at the end of last year, with two-time winner Fernando Alonso coming in to replace him. But Vettel was tipped to stand in for Stroll for the time being after the Canadian injured his wrist while cycling and was forced to miss pre-season testing. The British team will be looking to improve this year and climb the rankings. But, according to F1 reporter Alessandro Arcari, an Aston Martin insider has claimed that their car is “overrated” and that Vettel was “never contacted” to fill in for Stroll. And the same insider has told people to “watch out” for Alpine. JUST IN: Lando Norris reacts as F1 star told to 'sign Red Bull contract now' after Horner comments Aston Martin launched their new car last month ahead of pre-season testing and insisted it is a “considerable evolution” compared to last year’s offering. “The design team was adamant that it wanted to tackle these regulations without compromise,” said new technical director Dan Fallows. “We want to move up the grid and start challenging the teams at the front - and you can’t do that by sitting back and being conservative. AMR23 is a significant development of the car we refined in the latter half of 2022 - and we have improved it in every critical area. DON'T MISS:Michael Schumacher health update as Eddie Jordan shares new details about stricken F1 iconMax Verstappen told there is 'no chance' of Red Bull reunion despite Sergio Perez fightGuenther Steiner embarks on shrinking project as Haas to be different to F1 rivals  “It optimises the solutions we felt would offer us the most performance, and it embodies the joint vision we have embraced and have built together over the recent months. Now we need to focus on delivering an ambitious yet efficient programme of updates for the first race and across the remainder of the season.” And Alonso added: “As we launch the car in this brand-new factory, I think everyone can now see the scale of the ambition and determination at the heart of this organisation. Just as important is the car - and the AMR23 looks incredibly neatly packaged and highly efficient. I was pleasantly surprised when I sampled last year’s car for the very first time, and I think there is plenty of performance we can unlock together.” 