Arsenal are already indicating that they are keen to sign a winger at the end of the season, though it could have a significant impact on Mikel Arteta’s current squad. The Gunners already welcomed Leandro Trossard to their ranks in January – joining from Brighton in a deal worth £21million – though the forward has been keen to stress that he is more than just a winger. Trossard has hit the ground running at the Emirates Stadium, scoring once and assisting five since joining the club. The Belgium international’s good form prompted Arteta to drop Eddie Nketiah and reshape his forward line, playing Gabriel Martinelli through the middle as a No 9. The return of Gabriel Jesus may prevent such changes in the future though given how crucial the ex-Manchester City star was before sustaining a knee injury at the Qatar World Cup. However, Trossard could be forced into a different role if Arsenal welcome another winger. The Gunners have been heavily linked with Bundesliga duo Julian Brandt, Borussia Dortmund, and Moussa Diaby, Bayer Leverkusen, and the arrival of either of the pair would add further depth to the wing. With contract extension talks continuing with Reiss Nelson too and Emile Smith Rowe desperate for minutes, Trossard could be played as a No 10 – a role he believes he is best utilised in. Don't miss... Arteta gives spicy response after Arsenal celebration investigation [INTERVIEW] Speaking earlier this season, he explained: “It helps me that I'm versatile and that I can play in different positions. They're looking forward to working with me and vice versa. I'm really excited to work with them and I think Mikel is a top coach. “I like to be in the pocket behind the striker. On the wings, I can explore myself as well. I'm comfortable in either of those positions but if I were to choose, behind the striker - but it all depends on the system." Having a player so keen to be versatile will be music to the ears of Arteta, though not Martin Odegaard. Don't miss... Haaland's crazy Man City admission shows Arsenal reality of their task [LATEST] Micah Richards left flustered as Daniel Sturridge makes 'Gooner' claim [NEWS] A look around the affluent London suburb where Ian Wright lives [PHOTOS] The club captain has been irreplaceable as an attacking midfielder in the heart of Arteta’s side, though there will be increased pressure on the Norwegian to perform if he has Trossard breathing down his neck looking for opportunities. Brandt can also play through the middle too, as well as summer signing Fabio Vieira, which could force Arteta into rotating his team more often than he has this season – with selection consistency being vital in their success. Arsenal will indefinitely be playing European football next season and squad depth will be pivotal if they are to be competitive in that sphere, though a winger could cause more harm than good in north London. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE