Hugh Grant has become one of Britain's best-loved romantic-comedy stalwarts over the years. After Notting Hill, Love Actually, Mickey Blue Eyes and Four Weddings and a Funeral (to name a few), he is the country's best "awkwardly adorable love interest" star. This month, however, he's trading romance for the renaissance as he stars in Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves - but he did not get off to a good start once filming began. Grant plays Forge Fitzwilliam the Rogue in the upcoming Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game movie adaptation. But when he first arrived on set, he mistook someone he saw for someone else and launched into a vicious tirade. He told Total Film: "I lost my temper with a woman in my eye line on day one. I assumed she was some executive from the studio who should have known better." Grant said he "did a Christian Bale", referring to the Batman actor who was filmed screaming at a crew member in 2009 while he was shooting Terminator: Salvation. Unfortunately, Grant was completely wrong: "Then it turns out that she’s an extremely nice local woman who was the chaperone of the young girl." Grant said he felt "terrible" before admitting he did a lot of "grovelling". Since then, he has been all smiles about his new movie, in which he plays a dastardly rogue looking for his own path to success, opposite Chris Pine, Michelle Rodriguez, Justice Smith and Sophia Lillis. However, Grant's tantrum is not a major surprise, as he previously admitted he would frequently have a "mega-tantrum" while shooting movies. This began back when he appeared on The Daily Show in 2009, hosted by Jon Stewart. The host said he would "never" have Grant back again in 2012, because he "gave everyone s**t the whole time" before describing him as a "pain in the a**". Grant's response to these claims was extremely surprising. Don't miss... Fan of Stranger Things? Want to try D&D? Dungeons and Dragons guide [INFO] Dungeons & Dragons: Hugh Grant was 'reluctant' to join Chris Pine film [NEWS] Dungeons and Dragons cast: Everything about Regé-Jean Page film [INSIGHT] Grant admitted he had done wrong. He tweeted: "Turns out my inner crab got the better of me with TV producer in 09. Unforgivable. J Stewart correct to give me kicking." Shortly thereafter, in 2015, Grant was interviewed by Vanity Fair who asked him about the anger-induced incident. Grant said: "I did have a tantrum backstage. About once a year, I have a really mega-tantrum, and sadly he witnessed one." Long before filming began on Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves, Grant wasn't even sure if he wanted to join the movie. Grant recalled being unsure of the script when he received it: "My agent said: 'I'm going to send you this Dungeon and Dragons thing.' I thought: 'I don't think that's for me dear.'" It's easy to see why he might feel like that, with the niche tabletop game being drenched in 40+ years of lore and mystery (as well as claims it had connections to devil worshipping). But, after actually sitting down and devouring the script, Grant was convinced. "Then I read it," he said. "And it's, like, really hilarious." Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves hits cinemas on March 31.