Napoli forward and reported Liverpool target Khvicha Kvaratskhelia has revealed that when he was a child he was a huge fan of a former Reds transfer target Guti, who was heavily linked with a move to Anfield as part of a swap deal involving Steven Gerrard. Kvaratskhelia has emerged as one of the most exciting young players in world football over the last couple of seasons and is currently tearing up Serie A with Napoli, who lead the division by a healthy margin of 15 points with just 13 matches left to play. Liverpool are said to be weighing up a summer move for Kvaratskhelia, who is reportedly valued at around £87million by his current employers after chipping in with 12 goals and 14 assists in all competitions so far this season. He has developed from a relative unknown into a world-beating star following his move to Napoli over the summer and the Italian outfit are highly unlikely to sell unless they can make an eye-watering profit on the modest £10.2m fee they paid to sign him from Dinamo Batumi last year.Kvaratskhelia would certainly be a shrewd addition for Liverpool, who have suffered in the absence of Sadio Mane over the course of this season, but the Georgian winger recently expressed an admiration for Real Madrid by revealing that he looked up to Guti during his formative years."My first love was Guti from Real Madrid," said Kvaratskhelia in an interview. "When I played with friends in Tbilisi, my city, we wore white shirts. I wrote his name on the back." JUST IN: Marcus Rashford blasts Man Utd 'nonsense' after Liverpool loss Guti played an ever-present role for Real Madrid during their 'galactico' era and was once linked with a move to Liverpool at a time when the Spanish giants were keen on landing Gerrard, which sparked rumours that a potential swap deal could have been an option to resolve the futures of both players. No such agreement ever materialised, though, and the pair ended up staying at their respective clubs after the speculation died down.The former Real Madrid ace was recently asked about Kvaratskhelia's comments and responded by urging Los Blancos to snap him up when the summer transfer window opens, which suggests that Liverpool could face a tricky battle to secure the player's signature between now and the start of next season. Don't miss... Arsenal rejected six trialists including Ballon d'Or winner and Toure [GOSSIP] Rio Ferdinand slaughters UEFA rules after Chelsea get away with one [REACTION] Man Utd can sign brilliant Ramos for much less than Osimhen and Kane [COMMENT] "I hope one day he can come to Real," said Guti. "I didn't know I was his idol and if it helped him to see me play like that it was worth it. What can I say to him? Maybe I could send him an autographed shirt of mine if he comes to Madrid, so he doesn't have to write on it the number 14 I used to wear."It remains to be seen where Kvaratskhelia will end up over the coming weeks and months, with an extended stay at Napoli among the most likely options given his importance to their campaign and especially if they end up winning the Serie A title at the end of the season. Napoli will also likely be looking to keep hold of Kvaratskhelia if team-mate Victor Osimhen is sold, with Manchester United and Arsenal thought to be keen admirers of the latter in advance of the upcoming summer window. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.