A teacher has been accused of having sex with her daughter's high school boyfriend 300 times over the course of five years. Jennifer Hawkins was charged with second-degree rape and sexual battery, police said. The former student said his affair with Hawkins started when he was a sophomore in 2017 and continued until last year, court documents show. The student claimed the cheerleading coach, who taught at West Moore High School and Brink Junior High, was "manipulative and controlling", with the woman regulating where and when he would be able to meet his friends. The former student, who dated Hawkins's daughter in high school, sent a letter to Moore Public Schools staff to disclose the sexual relationship but Hawkins initially denied his claims. The victim said the cheerleading coach first sexually assaulted him while watching a football match at her home. He said she would repeatedly sign him out of school during his lunch break to have sex at the property. JUST IN: Podcast host and husband killed by crazed stalker inside their £1 million home Hawkins was fired after the initial allegations emerged in January 2023. Moore Public Schools said they immediately contacted the police after receiving the letter from the now alleged victim. In a statement released earlier this year, they said: "Moore Public schools recently learned of an allegation of inappropriate contact between an outside athletic coach and a student that occurred in the past. "We immediately contacted the Oklahoma City Police Department, and a report was filed. "The coach was immediately released from her duties." READ MORE: Alex Murdaugh claims he's a victim of 'vitriol and misguided attacks' in murder appeal Cleveland County First Assistant District Attorney Jennifer Austin told local reporters at KOKH: "I see things that are shocking.” Austin, who has been prosecuting sex crimes for over 20 years, reiterated it is illegal for district employees to have sexual relationships with students, including after they have reached the age of consent. The age of consent in Oklahoma is 16 - the same age the former student was when Hawkins allegedly initiated their sexual relationship. Austin said in the case "a lot of the sexual acts that took place, she would have him come home from school at lunch to her home and have the sex relationship at home while her daughter and her family were at work or at school." DON'T MISS Gruesome discovery of 'human bones' sparks police investigation [LATEST] Neighbours distraught after toys of boys, 7 and 9, killed by mum found [UK] Grandmother's family demand answers after she died on NHS ward [CRIME] The ADA continued: "There’s been a lot of impact on this victim in particular because of the nature of this relationship because it was so controlling." She added: "And his high school, his entire high school time frame where he should have been a student and should have been enjoying being a student, was in a relationship with her where she limited his friends and his interactions with others.” Court documents show the victim had been living with Hawkins and her family when she allegedly propositioned him for the first time. The cheerleading coach was arrested on Wednesday and booked into the Cleveland County Detention Center. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews