Susie Wolff has been appointed managing director of the newly-founded F1 Academy in a move that will take the sport closer to bringing through its first female driver for decades. Wolff, the wife of Mercedes chief Toto Wolff, has landed an important role in advocating the advancement of women with motorsport's latest series. The former driver, 40, will take up the new role and report directly to F1 president and CEO Stefano Domenicali. She will be the leading figure for the F1 Academy, the new initiative that follows on from the now-defunct W Series with five teams, 15 drivers and 21 races at F1 circuits. Some of her main responsibilities will be spearheading the development of female motorsport talent and focusing on creating a successful pathway to higher categories in the F1 pyramid. Drivers such as Jamie Chadwick have been tipped to make the step up in recent years after dominating all-female categories. She has been one of the leading voices behind more female involvement in F1 and launched Dare To Be Different in 2016, which called for female talent to be given more opportunities and aimed to increase participation in the sport. On occasion, however, her views have conflicted with her husband's despite their close relationship in the paddock. READ MORE: F1 Mercedes' Toto Wolff's 'patchwork family' with ex and new wife Wolff has a vast amount of experience in the world of motorsport after ending her racing career to become a team principal with Formula E team Venturi. The Scot was hired by Williams as their development driver in 2012 and made appearances in practice sessions in the 2014 season. Last year, Toto Wolff told the Financial Times that Susie was close to matching Felipe Massa's pace at Williams but said "the final chance was denied", and subsequently regarded the chance of a woman making it to F1 as "not realistic". Now, it seems she will be putting all her efforts into proving him wrong. “The F1 Academy presents an opportunity to promote genuine change in our industry by creating the best possible structure to find and nurture female talent on their journey to the elite levels of motorsport, both on and off the racetrack," Wolff told Formula 1's official website. LATEST F1 NEWSMercedes' George Russell dated F1 rival's sister but has now moved onLewis Hamilton concerns raised by Ted Kravitz before Bahrain GPMax Verstappen has hidden 'weapon' in title battle with Lewis Hamilton “There is a lot of work to be done but there is also a clear determination to get this right. In doing so, I believe the F1 Academy can represent something beyond racing. It can inspire women around the world to follow their dreams and realise that with talent, passion and determination, there is no limit to what they can achieve. “This is also the start of an important new chapter in my career, combining the experience I have developed so far with my passion for diversity and empowerment, so I would like to thank Stefano for entrusting me with a role that means as much to me personally as it does professionally.” Only five female racers have entered a Grand Prix weekend and the last woman to do so, Giovanna Amati in 1992, didn't start the race. Lella Lombardi was the most recent to actually race, in 1976, showing there is much work ahead for Wolff to create a pathway to F1 for prospective female racers.