Under new plans, Nissan has unveiled its new approach to electrified powertrain development, which aims to see more parts sharing via its hybrids and electric vehicles. Through the new “X-in-1” scheme, the parts would be more accessible and drive down costs for consumers. The company believes this will result in a 30 percent reduction, compared to 2019, in development and manufacturing costs by 2026. As part of the X-in-1 approach, the sharing of key components will improve production efficiency and reduces powertrain costs. Nissan aims to achieve price parity between its e-POWER hybrid vehicles and internal combustion engine vehicles by around 2026 In 2016, Nissan launched its unique e-POWER electrified powertrain, utilizing its EV technology, which provides the same driving pleasure as an EV as it is 100 percent motor drive. READ MORE: EV drivers can save £500 on home charger with car tax tip The e-POWER system offers full electric motor drive, meaning the wheels are completely driven by the electric motor and the fuel engine simply charges the battery. This means the electric motor has a high energy output, but the car itself is powered solely by the electric motor. With an electric vehicle, the battery powers the motor which controls the car, with the sole power source being electricity. When it comes to a conventional hybrid, it is powered by an electric motor and an engine, with the electric motor having a lower output as the fuel is the main energy source. Don't miss... Car S.O.S returns to save a classic Ford Mondeo [LATEST] UK unlikely to see full self-driving cars before 2035 [WARNING] Electric car waiting times fall but drivers put off by costs [SHOCKING] In 2010, the Japanese automaker became the first manufacturer to mass-market an electric vehicle - the Nissan LEAF. To continuously enhance its electrification technologies, Nissan says it has been carefully listening to its EV customers around the world. It is also hoped the new project will further increase the competitiveness of its EV and e-POWER vehicles. Nissan said it had “cracked the code” and learned how to minimise and reduce weight, develop more responsive motor control methods and optimise energy management. READ MORE: 'Crucial' for UK to build electric car gigafactories As a result, e-POWER uses a smaller battery than the LEAF, but delivers the same driving experience as a full EV. Toshihiro Hirai, Senior Vice President of Nissan, said: “We make the most of our expertise and know-how from our more-than-a-decade long development and production of electrified technologies.” Mr Hirai, who also leads the powertrain and EV engineering powertrain development team, said further work will be done to drive prices down. He added: “Through our innovations in electrified powertrain development, we’ll continue to create new value for customers and deliver 100 percent motor-driven vehicles – EVs and e-POWER – as widely as possible.” Nissan has developed a 3-in-1 powertrain prototype, which modularizes the motor, inverter and reducer, which is planned for use in EVs. A 5-in-1 prototype, which additionally modularizes the generator and increaser, is planned for use in e-POWER vehicles. The X-in-1 approach, which covers 3-in-1, 5-in-1, and other possible variants, has been developed to enable EV and e-POWER core components to be produced on the same line. Nissan has also confirmed that the new X-in-1 system will adopt a newly developed motor that reduces the use of heavy rare earth elements to one percent or less by weight. Under its long-term vision, Nissan Ambition 2030, the company aims to bolster its lineup with 27 new electrified models, including 19 EVs, by 2030. Nissan aims to bring the unique value of its electrified vehicles to the broadest range of customers by introducing the most suitable models to each market at the appropriate time.