Your wardrobe can age you excessively or take years off your age, depending on how you work it. Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund about how ladies can look youthful and their best at any age. Melissa suggested that it's not looking younger that's important, but looking incredible for the age you are. She told Express.co.uk: "The truth is that age seems to catch up with all of us eventually. "Even if we have been that person who always seems to look younger than their years, eventually we have to 'assume our age', as the French say -sounds so much more chic than saying getting older, don’t you think? "That being the case, most of us are quite keen to have some tricks up our sleeve to knock a few years off. And why not, I say? READ MORE: 73-year-old model shares 'age defying beauty routine'  "It’s not about looking 25 when you’re 50, but it is most definitely about looking and feeling youthful." Sharing her top tips to get out of the "frump zone", the expert firstly gave a word to the wise regarding vintage fashion, meaning pieces that originated in a previous era. Melissa stated: "I love vintage but if you wear it top to toe it can look slightly strange, a bit cosplay and definitely not youthful. The way to wear vintage is to incorporate it with modern pieces. "Be careful with vintage accessories in particular – you’re not auditioning for Miss Marple." A vintage 1960s-esque blouse might go well with a more modern pair of trousers, shoes and accessories, for example. While overdoing it with vintage is a no-go, Melissa also warned against refusing to wear it all together. Those who think 'I won’t wear it because I wore it first time round' are"on a one way trip to frumpsville", according to Melissa. She explained: "I often hear women say that they don’t want to wear a certain trend because they wore it first time round. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures "Personally, I think it’s a mistake to think this way because I can guarantee the way they wore it first time round will be different from how it’s being worn now." For example, you may have worn leopard print coats in the 60s, catsuits in the 70s and 80s and boots in the 90s, but that doesn't mean you can't wear a leopard print belt in 2023. Melissa continued: "That’s also why it’s useless to say that you regret having given away all your (insert garment choice here) because it absolutely won’t be the same version second or even third time round and it won’t be worn the same way. "In fact, if you did bring your old stuff out of the wardrobe and wore in the same way, that would be 100 percent frumpalicious!" Melissa's next tip was to not scrimp on accessories - "go bold or go home!". But it's crucial that you get it right, as even the best accessories can look dated when worn incorrectly. The stylist said: "Accessories make the difference – always. Take pearls as an example – I love them but only if you wear lots at once and if they are big and textured. One small row is not going to cut it in the style stakes. "For big jewellery energy, take a look at Giorgio Armani and vintage shots of Coco Chanel for inspiration. There’s great jewellery to be found at every price point these days." Melissa Lund is a personal stylist, image coach and personal shopper.