  Former Love Island contestant Kaz Crossley, 27, faced jail time in the UAE after being arrested on suspicion of drug offences. The reality star has since opened up on the upsetting hair loss she has suffered after the stressful ordeal.      Kaz admitted that the balding at the front of her head has been a result of “recent stress” after she was held in prison in the United Arab Emirates. The star was detained at Abu Dhabi airport a few weeks ago, where she had planned to take a transfer flight to Thailand. In view of her 1.1 million Instagram followers, Kaz explained how her hair had thinned following the terrifying incident. “I’ve just arrived in the Dominican Republic to celebrate my best friend's birthday,” Kaz wrote with a heart emoji. “Lucky us.” READ MORE: Phillip Schofield enrages Billie Faiers by being ‘b****y to her'      The first picture the star shared showed her looking glamorous in an orange headband and matching top, as she posed beneath some palm trees on a white sand beach. She continued: “But due to recent stress, I’m experiencing hair loss. It’s got a lot thinner, I also have a small bald patch right at the front of my head.” The next photo showed Kaz looking concerned, as she lay back on her pillow to reveal a small bald patch at the front of her head. “I’m trying to cover it by changing my parting or wearing one of my @kazbands (of course), but when I tie my hair up it’s still so noticeable.      “In all honesty, I’m pretty sure it’s getting worse,” she added sadly. “I’m not usually one to care too much about what I look like but it’s starting to affect my confidence.” The final picture showed Kaz tilting her head to reveal the full extent of the baldness she was experiencing. “If anyone has gone through something similar I’d really appreciate your advice or any products/treatments you’d recommend,” she wrote. READ MORE... Piers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore' [NEWS] Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [NEWS] Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [INSIGHT]      “Feel free to comment below, you’d really be helping me out and hopefully others reading this too. #hairloss #alopecia. “P.S who knew that you can wear your Kazband inside out to get rid of the bow? Not me!” she added positively. Kaz recently broke her silence following her arrest in the UAE, which occurred after she appeared to be snorting lines of white powder in Dubai in a video from 2020. She told her Instagram followers: “Hi everyone. I wanted to do this video to speak my own truth and use my own voice about a situation that's happened to me.      "I feel like I owe it to my followers and I owe it to myself to get closure about this situation because it's been a good few years and I'm ready to move forward now. "In 2020, I was in Dubai. I was filmed - it was me in the video, no one forced me to do that - it was a time of my life where I definitely didn't love myself at all, probably. “And this is reflected in what I was doing to my body and who I surrounded myself with,” she added. Kaz appeared on the fourth season of ITV show Love Island, where she placed third beside now-ex-boyfriend Josh Denzel.   