Gogglebox was Channel 4's unexpected hit where normal people give their take on the week's TV as they're watching it. The cast has evolved throughout the past decade, with some stars ready to return for the anniversary episode at the weekend. So where are the original Gogglebox cast now? Sandra and Sandi from Brixton were the hilarious duo who were always laughing and eating pot noodles together. Sadly, Sandi decided to quit the show in 2016, leaving Sandra to carry on with her daughter Chanchez, but she quit the following year as it wasn't the same without her friend. Both women have since taken part in reality shows, with Sandi starring in Celebrity Big Brother, Celebrity Fat Fights and Fighting Crime. Whereas her friend Sandra has been on First Dates and 100 Years Younger in 21 Days. Sandi has also been a campaigner to stop knife crime after she lost her nephew Bjorn Brown 23, in 2017. Presenter Scarlett Moffatt's career started on Gogglebox which she appeared on with her parents Betty and Mark. Having left the show, she went on to star in I'm A Celebrity and was crowned Queen of the Jungle in season 16. She has since been on Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, First Dates and Celebrity Juice. Scarlett, who is pregnant with her first child, also appeared in the controversial Channel 4 series The British Tribe Next Door where they lived alongside the Himba tribe in Namibia for four weeks. READ MORE: Frida Kahlo may have ended her life with an overdose to escape agony Married couple Steph and Dom were on Gogglebox for four years before leaving to focus on running their bed and breakfast. They went on to star in a number of shows like Celebrity Masterchef, Four in a Bed and fronted their own show Steph and Dom's One Star to Five Star. In 2019, fans saw a more serious side to the funny duo with the documentary Can Cannabis Save Our Son, exploring if the drug could help their 18-year-old son Max who suffers severe epilepsy. Unfortunately, in March 2020, it was bad news for Steph and Dom business wise as they announced the closure of their £5million hotel. The Tapper family consisted of mum Nikki, dad Jonathan and siblings Josh and Amy, with the son leaving after he got a place on the Government Communications Apprenticeship scheme. Amy also chose to quit in 2018 for a career in the TV industry and took part in Celebs Go Dating. Jonathan was left seriously ill, fighting for his life with coronavirus but thankfully made a full recovery. Amy has previously said she puts his survival down to she and her dad losing a whopping six stone between them. Leon and June were known for their banter, with the former playing the typical grumpy old man role, making viewers laugh every week. Sadly, Leon died at the age of 83 in December 2017 and a special tribute show aired in his honour two months after. June went on to write a memoir of their 60-year love story but died in May 2020 after a short illness. Reverend Kate Bottley appeared on five seasons of Gogglebox with her husband Graham. She left in 20106 and went on to present the Pause For Thought segment on the Radio 2 Breakfast Show and has fronted the Prayer For The Day on Radio 4. Reverend Botley has been on BBC1's Impossible, won Richard Osman's House of Games and is a regular on Steph's Packed Lunch on Channel 4. Don't miss... Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [ROYAL] The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION] Gogglebox star speaks out on being suddenly dropped from show [CAST] The Woerdenwebers consisted of Viv, German-born dad Ralf, their daughter Eve and her boyfriend Jay. Fans will remember how the rest of the family would have passionate conversations about the shows they'd watch as Jay would sit their in silence. Viv ran a shop called Twilight and Ralf worked for Bosch and was a drummer in the heavy metal band Citizen Zen. After Jay split up with Eve in 2015, he cut off his long hair and now refers to himself as a "bar associate at Wetherspoons" on Facebook. One of the most memorable pairings were hairdressing couple Chris Ashby-Steed and Stephen Webb. They split up and did carry on appearing on the show together for a while until Chris stepped back with Stephen's mum Pat replacing him for a season. Chris previously opened up about suffering with depression but now lives in Hove with his partner Tony. Stephen continues to star on Gogglebox, this time with his husband Daniel Lustig. Gogglebox: 10 Year Anniversary Special airs on Saturday, March 11, at 9pm on Channel 4.