Chelsea chief Todd Boehly has hit Newcastle United's billionaire owners where it hurts by snatching Dujuan 'Whisper' Richards from under their noses. The promising young striker had been on trial with the Magpies before the Blues made their move. It is thought that the 17-year-old had even attended a Newcastle game, while Aston Villa were also rumoured to be in the equation. That did not stop Richards from changing course at the last minute, however, and he was pictured signing a contract with Chelsea this weekend. The Jamaican, known as 'Whisper', arrives at Stamford Bridge off the back of a prolific season with Phoenix Academy in his homeland, where he bagged 31 goals and notched 19 assists.  "History has been made," wrote Phoenix founder Craig Butler on Instagram. "The Phoenix All Stars Football Academy is proud to announce that Dujuan 'Whisper' Richards, who has been with us since 12-years-old, has put pen to paper and signed his pre-contract with Chelsea FC in England and will be plying his trade in the Premier League. Don't miss... Lineker set for Match of the Day verdict as BBC call 'urgent talks' [LATEST] "This has been a long road and one that has made us exceptionally proud of his loyalty and undying faith in me and our team at Phoenix. We are grateful to Chelsea Football Club and look forward to the continued relationship and partnership with our academy as we prepare Whisper for the Premier League." According to Football.London, Richards played against the academies of Aston Villa, Sheffield United and Crystal Palace while on the books of Brooke House College in Leicestershire. Read more... Arsenal and Man City target Kvaratskhelia scores Napoli stunner [SPOTTED] Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [REPORT] Micah Richards left flustered as Daniel Sturridge makes 'Gooner' claim [REACTION] The 6ft 4in frontman is tipped for a big future and he was called up to the senior Jamaican national team for matches against Trinidad and Tobago this month. Richards is also reported to have turned down a lucrative approach from a Middle Eastern club. It remains to be seen where the youngster fits into Chelsea's squad. Although manager Graham Potter has struggled to find goals for much of the current campaign, it is unlikely that Richards would barge past the likes of Kai Havertz and David Datro Fofana in the queue for minutes. Armando Broja is also highly-regarded at Chelsea and the 21-year-old could become a factor when he returns from injury next campaign. Richards is among a host of promising teenagers to be signed by the Blues since Boehly and Clearlake Capital took charge of the boardroom, with Andrey Santos, Malo Gusto and Carney Chukwuemeka also tipped for stardom.  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE