Each year, Tripadvisor names the world’s best beaches for tourists. Unsurprisingly, a few Spanish beaches made the rankings. READ MORE: Top-rated RV park in the US is 'absolutely a must stay' Four Spanish beaches were named among Europe’s top 25 with one landing just outside the top three rankings. La Concha Beach is a crescent shaped bay in San Sebastian, at the heart of Spain’s Basque region. The beach is known for its fine golden sand and the water is usually calm enough for canoeing or paddleboarding. A visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Europe’s own Copacabana. La Concha is much like Copacabana. “A lively beautiful beach in the middle of a fabulous city with great views. All year round, La Concha with its magnificent promenade is a great place to watch the locals walking and chatting.” La Concha sits right on the edge of the town, making it just a short stroll away from an ice-cream or beer. San Sebastian is often said to be Spain’s culinary capital and is particularly well known for pintxos. Pincho are small snacks which can be purchased in bars with popular flavours often featuring ham or anchovies. READ MORE: British holidaymakers to Turkey told 'do not travel' to 10 areas Another tourist said: “One of the most beautiful beaches I have ever seen. The water is just so blue. “It’s so pleasant to walk along the promenade to soak up the vibe. It’s so relaxing. Sunset is amazing too.” The beach is equally beautiful in the evening and on summer nights, the promenade often draws buskers and street performers. Playa de Muro in Majorca took second place on the list. The golden sand beach is backed by greenery giving a lovely wild feel to the coastline. Sotavento Beach was named Spain’s third best beach. The powdery white sand beach can be found in Spain’s Canary Islands on Fuerteventura. Around 5km long, the beach was described as the most “amazing place on the island” by one tourist on Tripadvisor. The country’s fourth best beach was also in the Balearic islands, on the smallest of the group, Formentera. Tourists can travel to Formentera by taking the ferry from nearby Ibiza. Playa de Ses Illetes is the island’s most famous beach.