1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton stunned fans as she attended an event with sibling Amy and stood independently as she posed for a string of smiley snaps. The TLC stars showed off their impressive figures during the outing last week in Southern Indiana. The pair were all smiles as they both visited an MMA fighting event alongside local management company Southern Indiana Combat Production. Tammy and Amy, who currently star in season four of their hit-TLC reality programme, attended together and posed for promotional pictures. Showing off their slimmed-down frames, the sisters looked incredible as fans gushed over their "impressive" transformations, calling them both "unrecognisable". They held a fighting belt while standing in front of a logo board, Tammy still utilised the assistance of a medical device while posing next to Amy. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' "Southern Indiana Combat Production was surprised by these two beautiful ladies! The 1000lb sisters are SICP fans," the group wrote alongside the snaps. "Thank you to Amy and Tammy for showing us some love! We are going to put a show on for you to talk about for years to come," they explained. The pictures have since had thousands of shares on Reddit, with fans praising Tammy for making "so much progress" and "standing unassisted". "Good for Tammy. She's made so much progress that she looks almost unrecognisable," gushed one 1000lb Sisters viewer. Another wrote: "Can you imagine how much better she feels, and that’s probably why her attitude is better. "I know she still has a way to go, but what she’s already lost has to be a huge relief on her body. I’m proud of her and hope she continues on a healthier path." While a third wrote: "Love to see it! Always down for when people better themselves." "This is amazing. After years and years of trauma during her childhood to not thinking she was worthy, the girl is doing this s**t," praised a fourth. Don't miss... 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton says her weight is 'intimidating'  [LATEST] My 600lb Life fans baffled as Mark refuses Dr Now's help [LATEST] MILF Manor boss explains how 'disgusting' TLC show made it on TV  [LATEST] Others couldn't believe the difference in both the siblings' sizes since they appeared in the first season of the TLC programme. One wrote: "People keep saying they can’t tell she’s lost a massive amount of weight. Look at her! She’s half the size she used to be and it’s obvious!" Another commented: "I would think that just by getting out of the house and being more mobile will keep her distracted from constantly eating. "Sitting at home, indoors, with no interests is a recipe for a sedimentary lifestyle, which leads to overeating for her." The outing comes after Tammy told viewers she was still found "intimidating" despite slimming down to 550lbs from her initial 740lbs. Speaking in a confessional clip, Tammy admitted: "I can be a little intimidating I guess, cause of my size and I've got resting b***h face." Despite calling herself "super-size big", she went on to praise herself, saying she was a "beautiful woman". "I'm not a BBW, I'm an SSBBW - super-size big, beautiful woman," Tammy quipped. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.