King Charles III's decision to evict the Duke and Duchess of Sussex from Frogmore Cottage may have been the monarch's way of preventing Prince Harry from deputising for him, a royal expert has claimed. In the event that the King cannot undertake an official duty, on a temporary basis due to illness or absence abroad, two or more Counsellors of State are appointed by Letters Patent to act in His Majesty's place. By law, there are typically five Counsellors of State, which comprises the sovereign's spouse and the next four people in the line of succession who are over the age of 21. This comprises of Camilla, Prince William, Prince Harry, Prince Andrew and Princess Beatrice. But last year Princess Anne and Prince Edward were added to the list of official deputies as concerns had been raised about the suitability of the Duke of Sussex, who no longer lives in the UK, or Prince Andrew, stepping in on behalf of the King as they are no longer working members of the Royal Family. Now, a royal expert has suggested that without a UK home - Harry will be unable to be called upon to act as a Counsellor of State. READ MORE: Archie and Lilibet now ‘highly unlikely’ to receive royal titles after Frogmore eviction This is because one of the requirements of the role is that whoever holds it is domiciled in the UK, and Harry will soon have no permanent UK address. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about the repercussions of the eviction, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams said: "It also means that Harry will lose his domicile in Britain, which will affect his role to act as a potential Counsellor of State, if the monarch is abroad or incapacitated." Dr Craig Prescott, an expert in UK constitutional law at Bangor University, made similar comments and told Yahoo News: "If he is no longer domiciled in the UK, then Prince Harry could lose his 'status' (for want of a better word) as a Counsellor of State. "Prince Harry’s domicile of origin is British, and generally it is very difficult as a matter of UK law to replace domicile of origin with a domicile of choice. In this case, it would be the United States. To do this, he has [to] show a genuine commitment to remain in the US, at least indefinitely or permanently, and have no intention for his main home to be anywhere else. "If Prince Harry loses his lease of Frogmore House, then it’s easier for this argument to be made." READ MORE: Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction  According to the Royal Family website, Counsellors of State are authorised to carry out most of the official duties of the Sovereign. This would include Privy Council meetings and receiving the credentials of new ambassadors to Britain. Harry and Meghan were gifted Frogmore Cottage by the late Queen, and despite their US move after stepping down as senior royals, the couple kept the residence. The Sussexes have used the property as their base when they have returned for visits, and most recently used it during their trip for the Platinum Jubilee in June 2022. According to Newsweek's chief royal correspondent Jack Royston, it was more than "simply a place to lay your hat". DON'T MISS   The couple had "protection" at the home, and reportedly didn't leave property during the Jubilee visit, expect to attend the few events they were invited to. He added that now they have lost the home, the couple may feel unsafe "even stepping into Britian at all", leading to potentially fewer visits.