A man threatened to kill fellow passengers before attempting to stab a flight attendant with a broken spoon, footage from the flight has shown. Francisco Severo Torres was charged with one count of interference and attempted interference with flight crew members using a dangerous weapon.  The 33-year-old from Leominster in Massachusetts, was travelling onboard a United Airlines flight from Los Angeles to Boston. He remained quiet for the majority of the journey but a member of the cabin crew noticed an emergency exit had been tampered with around 45 minutes before landing. In the clip recorded by a fellow passenger, Torres was heard threatening to commit mass murder as he urged others to try and stop him. He said: "So where's Homeland Security with a gun? Because I am waiting for them to point the gun at me so I can show everybody that I will die when I take every bullet in that clip - and I will kill every man on this plane. "So where are they? Where's Homeland Security? Pull the gun! "Pull the gun! You're not going to try and stop me? JUST IN: Border officers stretched thin as agents sent north to cover Canadian 'weak point' "Where are they diverting us? Because wherever they do, there's going to be a bloodbath everywhere. "You can run away if you want. I won't kill you. "I'm Balthazar. Or put up your hands, because I'm Balthazar… since I'm taking over this plane." Balthazar accompanied Gaspar and Melchior when the three wise men visited the infant Jesus, according to the Bible. The suspect was seen standing up from his seat while shouting at passengers around him. Wielding a broken spoon, Torres later hit a flight attendant in the neck three times. He was soon restrained as passengers rushed to help airline staff. The video begins after the 33-year-old allegedly disarmed the emergency exit and tired to open it, reports have claimed. The pilot described the situation to air traffic control as an "emergency". They added: "Person is detained, attempted opening of external door, emergency door. "That person was subdued and is being detained, however not going quietly he's just laying there with six able bodies on top of him." DON'T MISS Police respond to shooting at Bengals star Joe Mixon's home  [LATEST] Wife finds husband's mummified body in 'hoarder home'  [INSIGHT] 'I'm 20 years younger than my husband and his fourth wife' [REVEALED] A criminal complaint seen by WCVB said: "Torres told investigators he went into the bathroom on the plane and broke a spoon in half to make a weapon. "When he came out of the bathroom Torres went into the galley, disarmed the door, and tried to open it unsuccessfully … Torres admitted to knowing that if he opened the door many people would die." In a statement, United Airlines also said: "Thanks to the quick action of our crew and customers, one customer was restrained after becoming a security concern on a flight from Los Angeles to Boston. "The flight landed safely and was met by law enforcement. No serious injuries were reported." Torres has immediately been banned from flying with United Airlines in the future.