Prince Harry has been tipped to not attend the coronation of King Charles on May 6. The Duke of Sussex has only further soured relations with his family after the release of his memoir 'Spare' and interviews with the press. Bookmaker William Hill have now slashed their odds for Prince Harry to not attend the Coronation. Harry is now priced at 2/7 to not attend, down from 11/8 last month. The odds of Harry attending have moved to 5/2 from 8/15 last month. William Hill Spokesperson, Lee Phelps, said: “Following the King’s request for the couple to vacate Frogmore Cottage on Wednesday, there now seems to be even more doubt over the Duke of Sussex’s presence at this year’s Coronation. “We are now just 2/7 for Harry to shun Westminster Abbey on May 6th, having been as high as 11/8 only a month ago, with his price to show his face on the day conversely priced at 5/2.” This comes as Harry and his wife Meghan Markle have been asked to vacate Frogmore Cottage. A spokesperson for the couple said: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." The property was Harry and Meghan's home while they were working members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Fergie says Queen was her 'idol' as she opens up on their relationship The Sussexes renovated the property in 2018 at a cost of £2.4 million - which was initially covered by taxpayer money. However, they later paid back the money in full. Royal commentator Tom Bower has claimed that the royals' decision was provoked by Harry's memoir. He told Page Six: "Harry and Meghan provoked him [King Charles] with Harry’s disgraceful book and the interviews he gave.” A friend of the Duchess of Sussex was quoted as telling The Sun that the Sussexes were “stunned” by the development, saying: “It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment." DON'T MISSRoyals are not celebrities - they serve the public not their banks [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle mocked for 'choosing the poor one' [ANALYSIS]King Charles has gone 'directly against' Queen with Sussex eviction [INSIGHT]