Queen Elizabeth's famous Paddington Bear sketch has a delightful link to her great-grandson Prince George, as his mother Kate, the Princess of Wales revealed the children's classic is one of his favourite films. While chatting with people at a post-BAFTA meet-and-greet with Prince William, Kate spoke about their children's favourite films, with some well-known Disney films also popular choices in their household. The Disney film Coco is also one of George's favourites, according to the princess, while William previously revealed his eldest son enjoys an older classic. The Prince of Wales said: "He quite likes The Lion King. We've watched that a few times." He added: "We've watched Octonauts several times. He has watched some Lego movies as well, so he's watched a lot of things like that." William is the President of BAFTA, with Kate saying of her son's film choices: "It's great obviously because of William's interest in film, it's great to have that father-son thing."  During a later trip to Northern Ireland, William was overheard saying his son had a new favourite, the Viking cartoon How To Train Your Dragon. His younger sister Princess Charlotte is also a Disney fan, as she was spotted dancing to the song We Don't Talk About Bruno from the film Encanto during a Jubilee trip to Cardiff. Prince Louis has not been left out of the Disney fun, as for his christening in 2018 his uncle Prince Harry splashed out on a very special gift for him. READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson says she hasn't received invite to King's Coronation The Duke of Sussex reportedly spent £8,000 on an original 1926 copy of A. A. Milne's Winnie the Pooh for his little nephew. A friend said: "One of Harry's happiest childhood memories was being read a bedtime story by his mother. She loved all the old classics and Harry had the brilliant idea of starting a little library of first editions for Louis, Charlotte and George to enjoy as they get older." The first edition of Paddington Bear was published in 1958, just five years after the late Queen's Coronation. For her Platinum Jubilee in 2022 Her Majesty filmed a short sketch with the beloved bear, featuring the pair of them having a chaotic tea and marmalade sandwiches at Buckingham Palace.  Don't miss... Sarah Ferguson defends Harry and Meghan's 'beautiful' life [LATEST] Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [FASHION] Prince Harry 'won't come to Coronation' to 'punish' Royal Family [REVEAL] Frank Cottrell-Boyce, who worked on the Paddington sketch as well as James Bond's scene with the Queen for the London 2012 Olympics, said the monarch gave a "brilliantly-timed comic performance". He told the BBC: "What an astute idea it was to have her act with Paddington, because Paddington embodies so many of the values that she stood for. "Paddington is all about kindness, toleration, being kind to strangers, politeness - these things that are about character. And those are values that she's embodied throughout her life. 