Lenny Kravitz performed a touching tribute during this year’s In Memoriam at the Oscars which honoured the lives of several big names who’ve sadly died in the past 12 months. John Travolta left viewers in tears as he remembered his Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John, but some fans at home were also upset at the fact the likes of Lisa Marie Presley, Anne Heche and several others didn’t appear on-screen. Among those mentioned during the performance were Nichelle Nichols, Irene Papas, Robbie Coltrane and Kirstie Alley. Jean-Luc Godard, Raquel Welch, Ray Liotta, and James Caan were also remembered and at the end of the performance, a QR code flashed on-screen for viewers to follow to see the full In Memoriam list. Lisa Marie wasn’t the only big name omitted from the list as Call Me Kat’s Leslie Jordan, Goodfellas actor Paul Sorvino and the likes of Gilbert Gottfried, Estelle Harris and John Aniston failed to receive on-screen mentions. What followed was a number of disgruntled Oscars viewers taking to the web to blast the decision to leave Lisa-Marie and others out of the In Memoriam. READ MORE: Hugh Grant blasted as 'rude' in painful Oscars chat and rolls his eyes On Twitter, @AngellaBHarris1 raged: “I can’t believe the #Oscars In Memoriam omitted Lisa-Marie Presley, Leslie Jordan, Anne Heche.” While @orfeomjj claimed: “The #Oscars lost me when Lisa Marie Presley was not mentioned in the ‘In Memoriam’.” And @Rome_at_home echoed: “Lisa Marie Presley not being included in the In Memoriam section of the #Oscars while her dad’s movie is nominated for SO many awards is astonishing.” Elsewhere, @AstroBot didn’t hold back as they fumed: “The Oscars In Memoriam was so disgraceful. “They didn’t include someone who was in an Oscar-nominated film this year, Charlbi Dean. “And they left out Tom Sizemore, among dozens and dozens of others. #Oscars.” Meanwhile, Lisa Merie weighed in: “I didn't watch the #OSCARS, just saw tidbits on Twitter and #AcademyAwards feed so missed #InMemoriam. “Seems a number of people left out, wonder why? #CindyWilliams acted in two important movies - bc it was early 1970's, did the Academy forget her contributions???” Don't miss... Elizabeth Banks trips on Oscars stage twice [WATCH] Little Mermaid trailer leaves Oscars viewers outraged  [REACTION] Hugh Grant blasted as 'rude' in painful Oscars chat and rolls his eyes [LATEST] And Kevin Nail pointed out: “The #Oscars In Memoriam segment left out Paul Servino, Tony Sirico, Ann Heche, and Gilbert Gottfried. “Yes, I've heard they're on the website. Wonder who made the call to omit those 4,” they said. (sic) Lisa Marie died at the age of 54 on January 12, 2023. The portrayal of her father Elvis Presley by Austin Butler earned the actor a nomination for Best Actor during the awards. However, he missed out on the gong after The Whale’s Brendan Fraser was declared the winner. The biggest winner of the night went to Everything Everywhere All at Once. The movie won Best Picture while its stars Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis bagged awards in their respective categories. The Oscars 2023 are available to stream on Sky and NOW in the UK now.