Melania Trump is the former First Lady and the third wife of Donald Trump, who is currently undertaking another bid for the American presidency after losing the last election to President Joe Biden. Fifty-two-year-old former model Melania has been noticeable in her absence recently. Fans of Melania have been left asking where she is amid Donald's campaign. She has missed a number of events during his run. The 76-year-old announced his candidacy on November 15, 2022, and has undertaken a number of visits since but Melania has been at none of them. This includes a recent visit to East Palestine, Ohio, where a toxic train derailment has devastated the town. This left many wondering where Melania is, and if she will be involved in Donald's political efforts this time around. Now, however, Melania has started speaking out again after a months-long period of silence on her social media. READ MORE: The strange Melania Trump IQ rumour fooling some fans of the former first lady Melania took to Twitter to celebrate Women's History Month by highlighting a planned women’s suffrage national monument on the National Mall in Washington. The plan was led by Congressman Joe Neguse and Congresswoman Debbie Lesko. Melania tweeted to her 2.2M Twitter followers: "Wonderful to see bipartisan legislation introduced in the House to help secure a monument on the National Mall to tell the unique, moving, & powerful stories of women throughout American history." All women in the US were given the federal right to vote in 1920. This is eight years earlier than the UK, which enshrined in law all adult women's right to vote in 1928. While this might seem late, a number of countries only instated this right in the 21st century. Saudi Arabia allowed women to vote in 2015 for the first time in municipal elections. Don't miss... Fans complain they 'never see' Melania as she fails to join Trump [CAMPAIGN] Melania leaves Donald Trump to campaign alone amid Ivanka row claims [SHOCK] Melania's three dazzling diamond rings from Donald [STYLE] Melania also tweets to commemorate Presidents' Day, simply tweeting: "Happy #PresidentsDay". She retweeted a quote from her husband Donald Trump, posted by the account @USAmemorabilia. It read: "No dream is too big. No challenge is too great. Nothing we want for our future is beyond our reach." Last month Ivanka Trump was criticised for an "expensive" Valentine's Day celebration with her husband Jared Kushner. She initially posted a tribute to her husband, with a sweet picture. Ivanka wrote: "13 years, 3 kids, countless adventures and so much love and joy! Endlessly grateful for my sweet Valentine! I love you so much Jared!"