Olivia Newton-John died in August last year aged 73 after a lengthy battle with breast cancer, with tributes still pouring in for the late Grease star. Her only child, Chloe Lattanzi, 37, spoke in a recent interview about her relationship with her late mother and how she still speaks to her "every day" despite her mother's missing physical presence. Chloe spoke to A Current Affair at the beginning of this month, admitting that she still feels her mother around her, speaking with the actress regularly. Chloe is Olivia's daughter with her first husband, Matt Lattanzi, to whom she was married between 1984 and 1995. The star said that although she "would love to hold her again", she still feels her through meditation. She said: "I talk to her everyday. She’s always there and I wear her every day, so her energy is on my body." READ MORE: Bruce Willis’ wife admits relationship with ex Demi Moore is ‘odd’ Chloe said, tearfully, that she felt her mother's presence the most during her memorial service last month. She continued: "As soon as I stepped up there I felt my mum come inside of me, my body. I felt her energy … and it was supernatural. "The love in the room carried me through that." Since her death, her widower, John Easterling, has also shared how he still speaks to Olivia "out loud" at home, over six months since her death. He said on Today: "The last words she could say to me was, 'My sunshine'. "And right before she lost her ability to speak, she was making jokes." Chloe joined John in the interview, adding about her mother: "She's my mama. She's not Olivia Newton-John to me, but I'm so glad that she was Olivia Newton-John to so many people." John, who wed Olivia in 2008, said he felt his late wife's presence the most "late at night, early in the morning". He said: "I'll just be walking around the house, or throwing the ball for the dogs and just speak to her out loud. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue [INSIGHT] Courteney Cox's eyebrows are falling out after 'overmedicated' issue [HOLLYWOOD] The X Life's Denise Russo has died after spending last days 'homeless' [DEATH] "A guy I was flying with said, 'You know, John, when you're lucky enough to have found your true soul mate, and you share a heart, when one passes, the other has the obligation to live life for both'. "And that was very empowering and very powerful for me, and, you know, and gave a way forward." He added: "Every day, I miss Olivia terribly. And yet every day I'm really super grateful that I had 15 wonderful years with this extraordinary human being. "She had the willpower, even in her most difficult times, to really bring in the light and to bring in the love. "And she was who she was all the way through." Olivia died in August last year after a brave and public decades-long battle with cancer. She died peacefully at her home in Southern California, surrounded by her family and friends, with John announcing her death on Facebook at the time. He wrote: "Olivia has been a symbol of triumphs and hopes for over 30 years sharing her journey with breast cancer. "Her healing inspiration and pioneering experience with plant medicine continue with the Olivia Newton-John Foundation Fund, dedicated to researching plant medicine and cancer."