China has "definitely" been "disappointed" by the war in Ukraine but it "is in no position" to change President Vladimir Putin's mind and be successful in ending the bloody conflict, a defence expert told Express.co.uk. The warning comes after the Chinese foreign ministry's comments calling for peace talks and a ceasefire between the two countries. Dr Zeno Leoni, a lecturer in defence studies at King's College London, said: "I think China is not in a position to make Putin change his mind." He said the "plan is more about China looking responsible to European commercial partners" than actually achieving peace. This is despite it being in "China's interest to have a peace negotiation in Ukraine." When asked if he believes Beijing will send weapons to Russia, the defence expert said it can't be ruled out. "China will not support Russia's military for the time being, but should the position of Russia be a very difficult one - for example, leading to internal instability - this could lead China to provide weapons", he added. NATO is said to be strengthening its relations with partners in the Indo-Pacific including Australia, Japan, the Republic of Korea and New Zealand. But Mr Leoni warned that this could bring "China closer to Russia as they will face the same enemy by that point." He added: "Definitely, China has been disappointed by this war since the very beginning, and they made it clear to Putin. READ MORE: Drone crashes near gas plant close to Kremlin in aerial attack "China will try to convince Russia to at least agree to a ceasefire, but the chances that Putin will accept this are limited." It comes after the Chinese foreign ministry released a statement last month urging Russia to end the war. The statement said: "Conflict and war benefit no one. All parties must stay rational and exercise restraint, avoid fanning the flames and aggravating tensions, and prevent the crisis from deteriorating further or even spiralling out of control." China's stance on the war has been questioned after the country abstained from a UN Security Council last February, which was held to condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Just last week, Beijing abstained from another vote calling Russia to "immediately" and "unconditionally" remove its troops from Ukraine. Following China's actions, the US has accused the country of “very clearly” taking Russia's side. Ned Price, of the US department of state, said in a press briefing on Monday: "The People's Republic of China [PRC] has told the world that, essentially, it is not taking a position [over Ukraine], but rather it has tried to portray itself as an honest broker. “In word and in deed, however, the PRC has been anything but an honest broker.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 