Some, of course, may blanch at the idea of such connivance. But using a fractious toddler as an excuse (even one who, in reality, is fast asleep) has to be better than enduring a living death thanks to some golf club bore. Which is why Harry and Meghan have the perfect get-out clause for the impending Coronation. For it seems the crowning of King Charles clashes with their son Archie's fourth birthday. And since the little boy is unlikely to get his own invitation, imagine how guilty his parents would feel if they had to give up the chance to spend the day with their adored child. Historians may argue that nothing could make a birthday more memorable than watching grandpa get coronated? That jelly, ice cream and pass the parcel all pale next to the ultimate royal pudding fest. Even if it means watching with nanny while mum and dad are out. But, given the kind of parents they seem to be, that seems unlikely. Only this week, Harry declared in an interview his desire to “smother” his children Archie and Lilibet with “love and affection,” which is very different from his upbringing. He added: “I as a father feel a huge responsibility to ensure that I don’t pass on any traumas or negative experiences I’ve had.” Harry also pointed out that if he did not hug his own children, it would have a similar impact on them to what he experienced growing up. It's an argument that`s difficult to get past. There's no doubt Harry has been damaged by the death of his mother and the stiff upper lip parenting of a remote father. It's understandable he wants to do the very opposite. So here's a chance to prove his point. In fact, putting Archie first ticks so many boxes. With their popularity plummeting in the States and the difficulty of showing up in the UK, the situation offers the Sussexes a perfect way to decline the Coronation without appearing petulant, difficult and resentful – quite a stretch. In fact as a watertight excuse, it's pure box office. Especially if the famously "private" couple release a picture of birthday boy Archie too – for whom there is so much affection, and who is so innocent of the whirlwind around him. A cheery birthday snap would deflect any jeering at the Sussexes for their sulky absence. And instead it would celebrate a lovely moment in a little boy's life – even if it clashes with grandpa's big day.  Staying with his son means Harry is doing exactly as he has pledged. Smothering his children with love. It also, rather judiciously, means he'll never have to face future accusations from his little boy that king and country came before cuddles and cake. As a father, Charles should appreciate this. Pomp and ceremony are important. And there's no doubt the Coronation is an event of real historical significance. But the love Harry has for his children is one aspect of his life which is beyond question. Which is why, he should loudly proclaim to the world a genuine reason for staying away. Meanwhile, as he and Meghan watch Archie blow out the candles in Montecito, for once the beleaguered Prince will have earned the right to have his cake – and eat it. 