Manchester United have identified the need to bring in a top-level striker this summer to bolster Erik ten Hag’s squad, as Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen are two stars that have been mentioned with potential moves to Old Trafford for next season. However, both players will prove expensive at a time when the ownership situation remains unclear. The Sun have reported that United are desperate to sign Kane over the summer, and have been encouraged by initial talks with his camp. The club are thought to have made contact with the England captain through a third party and the response has been positive. United also firmly believe that Spurs will lower their asking price below £100million for Kane at the end of the season, if they fail to finish in the top four. Conte’s side are currently in fourth place in the Premier League table, but are only three points ahead of Liverpool and have played a game more than Jurgen Klopp’s outfit. If United did want to attempt to bring the price down even further, Express Sport has looked at four players they could offer Spurs to sweeten the deal. Don't miss... Man Utd star Weghorst risks fan backlash after touching Liverpool sign [LATEST] If Spurs were to lose Kane to Manchester United as the England striker runs down his contract, they may look to bolster their own forward options in the same deal. Any Kane replacement would come at a significant cost, while Richarlison is yet to score a Premier League goal since his move from Everton in the summer they may ask for Anthony Martial’s services. The Frenchman has impressed when he has been able to stay fit and it would not be the first time that Tottenham have been interested in the 27-year-old, having been linked several times over the years. This summer could be the time to cash in for United, however, if they are able to land Kane while Martial has less than 18 months left on his contract. Don't miss... Garnacho shows up Martinez and Casemiro with Man Utd statement [LATEST] Liverpool stars 'regard Bournemouth as more important than Man United' [LATEST] Man Utd 'make contact with Kane camp' and have strong Levy belief [LATEST] United’s captain Harry Maguire could be leaving the club in the summer in search of regular football, having fallen down the pecking order behind Raphael Varane and Lisandro Martinez while Luke Shaw has even played ahead of the England man. Spurs could be on the lookout for someone to play on the left of a three-man defence if they do not take up the purchase option in Clement Lenglet’s loan, while it could be Maguire’s only chance of getting first-team football in England while remaining in the Champions League if Spurs hold onto fourth place. Spurs’ midfield has been desperately in need of creativity, as the likes of Rodrigo Bentancur, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Oliver Skipp and Pape Matar Sarr are more industrial rather than playmakers. Ten Hag was thought to be the man that could get the best out of Donny van de Beek and aside from the long-term injury that ruled him out of the remainder of the season, the Dutchman failed to make an impact at Old Trafford. Spurs could provide him with a fresh start and provide a creative element to the midfield in north London. Spurs have been looking to identify a successor to Hugo Lloris, now 36 and sidelined with a knee injury, as the likes of Jordan Pickford and David Raya have been mentioned. The pair would likely be more expensive than Dean Henderson, who burned his bridges at Old Trafford after leaving for a successful loan spell at Nottingham Forest before suffering a muscle injury. Conte’s outfit may be wise to ask for Henderson’s services in order to fix their impending goalkeeper issue, in exchange for a lower asking price for their star man in Kane.