Tributes have been paid to three youngsters who died in a car crash in south Wales. Sophie Russon, 20, Eve Smith, 21, and Darcy Ross, 21, were last seen in Cardiff in the early hours of Saturday having travelled there from Porthcawl. They made the trip in a Volkswagen Tiguan with Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Shane Loughlin, 32, both from the Welsh capital.  A police spokesperson said the VW Tiguan had been recovered just after midnight in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. Police believe the car was involved in a road traffic collision and came off the A48. The identities of those who died have not been confirmed.   Mourners have today been at the scene of the crash laying floral tributes. Pictures show bunches of flowers placed next to a police cordon near the A48. The route has been closed in both directions, near to the Cardiff Garden Centre, by the police. Photographs from the scene show green fencing and tarpaulin erected around the crash site, which is among trees. READ ABOUT A CALL FOR A CAP ON CARE HOME COSTS An investigation is underway into the circumstances of the car crash. It involves Gwent Police and South Wales Police. A Gwent Police spokeswoman said: "Three of those who were reported missing have been found deceased, two have been taken to hospital with serious injuries. "Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and enquiries are ongoing. "The case has been referred to the IOPC in line with normal procedures."  Don't miss... Man claims he had heart attack, went to hell and saw terrifying things [REPORT] King Charles to offer Harry and Meghan 'alternative UK home' [REVEALED] Sunak’s plan for small boats could be an 'election winner' for Tories [LATEST] South Wales Police said at 12.15am on Monday officers were called to a report of a car being located off the A48(M). A spokesman for the force said: "South Wales Police is carrying out an investigation into the road traffic collision to establish what happened. "We would like to thank the public for their patience and their cooperation whilst the road is closed. Our thoughts are with those affected by this incident."  An IOPC spokesman said: "We can confirm that Gwent Police have advised us that they are making a referral in connection with this tragic incident and we will carry out an assessment in due course to determine what further action may be required from us." Meanwhile, haunting CCTV images emerged today of the VW Tiguan the group was travelling in. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest visit: express.co.uk/news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express  