Chinese premier Xi Jinping has called for "more quickly elevating the armed forces to world-class standards" in an escalating war of words just days after Beijing's new foreign minister warned of conflict with Washington if the US didn't change its course. The comments come as the US and it's allies landed a blow on Chinese military tech, blocking the export of advanced semiconductor technology to Beijing. These high-tech chips can be used in advanced military hardware and even weapons of mass destruction. Speaking to delegates in the ceremonial parliament representing the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) - the communist party's military wing - he said China must "systematically upgrade the country’s overall strength to cope with strategic risks, safeguard strategic interests and realize strategic objectives". He also called for China to build-up of self-reliance in science and technology, bolster strategic capabilities in emergency fields, make industrial and supply chains more resilient and make national reserves "more capable of safeguarding national security." He mentioned "achieving the goals for the centenary of the PLA in 2027", a date by which some analysts believe China wishes to take over Taiwan, by force if necessary. On Tuesday, China's new Foreign Minister Qin Gang warned in unusually stark terms about the possibility of US-China frictions leading to something more dire.  "If the United States does not hit the brake, but continues to speed down the wrong path, no amount of guardrails can prevent derailing and there surely will be conflict and confrontation," Qin said in his first news conference since taking up his post last year. "Such competition is a reckless gamble, with the stakes being the fundamental interests of the two peoples and even the future of humanity," he added. However, it appears the US will continue to attempt to counter China's "strategic objectives". The heated comments from top CCP members come as the US reached an agreement with its allies to block the export of advanced chip technology which is often used in military hardware. The Netherlands and the US reached a deal to block the export of manufacturing equipment in January, however until today The Hague had not yet commented on the proposal.  READ MORE: Trump plans to publish private letters from Oprah in new book "Given the technological developments and geopolitical context, the government has concluded that it is necessary for the (inter)national security to expand the existing export controls on specific manufacturing equipment for semiconductors," Foreign Trade Minister Liesje Schreinemacher wrote in a letter to Dutch lawmakers. He added that The Netherlands didn't want Dutch technology ending up in military systems or even weapons of mass destruction. The advanced semiconductors are used in guidance systems for weapons including missiles, among other things, making them extremely valuable as China ramps up it's military. The Netherlands is home to the chip company ASML, a key player in the semiconductor supply chain. Although China is not specifically named in Schreinemacher's letter, Washington has been looking to stop Beijing from attempting to overtake it along with allies such as Taiwan, South Korea and Japan in semiconductor technology. A top US General also slammed Beijing on Wednesday claiming China was "aggressively exerting influence over our democratic neighbours."  Don't miss... Meghan and Harry may have new 'Sussex tradition' after christening [EXCLUSIVE] Tyler Perry 'didn't want' to travel to UK for Lilibet's christening [REPORT] Thousands of pro-Trump Twitter bots attack Haley, DeSantis [INSIGHT] General Laura J. Richardson, Commander of the U.S. Southern Command, which is responsible for South America and the Caribbean, testified before the House Armed Services Committee on Russia and China. "[China] is spreading its malign influence, wielding its economic might, and conducting grey zone activities to expand its military and political access and influence,” Richardson said. "This is a strategic risk that we can’t accept or ignore." Among other activities, China has built a massive embassy in the Bahamas, just 50 miles (80 kilometres) off the coast of Florida. "Presence and proximity absolutely matter, and a stable and secure Western Hemisphere is critical to homeland defence," Richardson said. As rhetoric on both sides becomes increasingly hostile, US-China relations appear to be at their lowest in decades. 