Constance Marten's baby is due to have her memorial service covered after a local Brighton funeral director offered to pay for the event. Harry Newington, the owner of H J Newington Independent Funeral Directors, has offered to cover the costs of the baby's funeral to help with the mourning of Victoria who died earlier this week. The remains of the young baby were tragically found in a plastic bag under some nappies in an allotment shed in Stanmer Villas in Hollingdean on Wednesday after more than 50 days of police search. Her parents, who also went missing, have been charged with manslaughter.   Mr Newington, 23, told The Argus that having formerly lived in Hollingdean, he knows it has been a "shock" to everyone within the community. He said: "I have just had a newborn and yesterday we went and laid flowers, there's hundreds of tributes there and I suppose that's because of the emotions that everyone is feeling. "We wouldn't want her to go out of this world with nothing. We should come together to do something really." Mr Newington went on to say that while newborn funerals are usually free, he wanted to fund something more substantial like a hearse. The offer comes after the baby's parents Constance Marten and Mark Gordon appeared in court on Friday charged with gross negligence manslaughter, concealing the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice. The couple were arrested in Brighton on Monday following a 53-day missing person search which led to a wooded area in East Sussex, and were charged on Thursday after the baby was found dead just a day prior. Detectives believe Victoria had been dead for several weeks and said on Wednesday it was not possible to tell if it was a girl or a boy. The baby's remains were discovered in a plastic bag underneath some diapers in an allotment barn, the court heard on Friday. Hundreds gathered to attend a vigil outside St Mary Magdalen Church in Coldean, East Sussex, on Thursday – close to where the remains of the baby were found. Ms Marten and Mr Gordon are scheduled to appear at the Old Bailey on 31 March. The chair of the bench of magistrates, Carol Lintott, said: "You are both here today … on charges of manslaughter, concealment of the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice. "We are sending the case to the crown court sitting at the Old Bailey. We are remanding you in custody until that time." The case was referred to the police watchdog by the force. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) said in a statement that it is "currently assessing the referral to determine what, if any, further action is required from us". Marten and Gordon had been missing since their automobile was discovered burned out and abandoned near an interstate in Bolton on January 5. It launched a 53-day search for the couple, during which hundreds of police personnel looked for the baby with the assistance of dogs, thermal cameras, helicopters, and drones. A post-mortem examination is due to take place. 