King Charles III was joined by Queen Camilla in a visit to Colchester, Essex earlier this week. The pair greeted public crowds who had travelled to the city to mark its newly awarded status, which was granted in November 2022. While making their way through the mass of visitors, Camilla received a unique gift. While flowers are the most common gift handed to members of the Royal Family during engagements, one member of the public turned up with a crown instead. The on-looker passed the cardboard Burger King accessory to Queen Camilla, who will be coronated alongside King Charles III on May 6, 2023. Commenting on the Queen Consort's body language upon receiving the gift, Royal Historian Mok O'Keeffe (@gayaristo) told Express.co.uk that it resembled that of Queen Elizabeth II. He said: "A member of the public handed the Queen Consort a crown from Burger King today. In typical good spirits, she smiled and thank the well-wisher for her gift." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan issue new statement defending children's titles In a video shared online that has since gone viral, the royal can be seen stopping in front of the teen when presented with the cardboard green crown. Off camera, the girl can be heard saying "it was a last-minute gift", to which Camilla replied: "Oh, lovely, that's very kind of you. Burger King." After receiving the token, the Queen Consort continued down the line of visitors who had gathered for the royals' appearance. While the encounter was brief, the expert explained that it spoke volumes about Camilla's new role. Don't miss... Camilla deep in conversation with Love Island's Megan Barton-Hanson [LATEST] Lilibet's christening 'disjointed' due to distance between Royals [INSIGHT] POLL: Should the Royal Family have gone to Lilibet's christening? [POLL] He said: "What a long way we have come from the many questions about whether or not we would have a Queen Camilla. "The late Queen made it very clear she wanted Camilla to reign alongside her husband and it would seem that the general public are now so keen on the idea too, that they want her crowned ahead of the Coronation on May, 6. "It has been reported that the late Queen had a great sense of humour and I am sure she would have responded in the same way as the Queen Consort did today - with good grace, gratitude and a wry smile. "Today’s crowning glory is that it shows that whatever is thrown at Camilla, she is able to take it in her stride!" READ MORE: King agreed to Archie and Lili's titles 'before Harry's book published The royal visit had been planned for some time to mark Colchester's new city status which it was granted as part of the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in 2022. Though the event attracted many excited members of the public, the King and Queen did cross paths with some protestors. Anti-monarchy groups stood near Colchester Castle as the pair made their way through the crowds, holding yellow placards with "not my King" written on them. Nevertheless, Charles and Camilla appeared in good spirits with smiles on their faces throughout the day. Staying focused on the positive crowds that had travelled to greet them, the couple did not acknowledge the negative protestors that were in attendance. During Tuesday's visit, Charles and Camilla visited Colchester Castle to celebrate with local organisations which represent the city’s heritage and communities. They also met with those who took part in Colchester’s city status procession last year, including charities, volunteers and refugees who have settled in the area. A team from Colchester Zoo were also given time to share their conservation work before revealing the chosen name for the Zoo’s newest addition, a baby white rhino. 