Endeavour, the prequel tale of Inspector Morse, first hit the small screens more than 10 years ago, showcasing the early years of the famous detective. His story is finally coming to a head though with season nine wrapping up this chapter in his life on Sunday, March 12, on ITV. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the guest stars of Endeavour's final-ever episode. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Endeavour. Fred Thursday (played by Roger Allam) has been worried sick about his son Sam who went missing while in the army. He was last mentioned in series eight but there was still no sign of him but he should be making an appearance in the last episode of season nine. Actor Jack Bannon may also be recognised for starring as Christopher Morcom in The Imitation Game, as well as Alfred Pennyworth in the Epix crime series Pennyworth. Some of his smaller parts have been in The Giblet Boys, Fury, Kids in Love, Ripper Street and Medici. READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... Another member of Fred's family is going to be showing up in Oxford in the form of his troublesome brother Charlie Thursday. In season five, Charlie lost Fred and Win's (Caroline O'Neill) life savings, putting them in financial difficulties but why is making a comeback this time? Actor Phil Daniels famously features in Blur's 1994 hit Parklife which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and stayed in the chart for 90 weeks. EastEnders fans will best recognise him for portraying Denise Fox's (Diane Parish) deceased husband Kevin Wicks. Someone who is being welcomed into the fold in the final episode is DI Chesney Finch. He is portrayed by actor Richard Ridings who played Alan Ashburn in ITV's Fat Friends and Bernard Green in the BBC One comedy-drama Common as Muck. Most recently, he was featured in an episode of Funny Woman on Sky Max, alongside Gemma Arterton. However, his biggest part to date has been as a voiceover actor, taking on the voice of Daddy Pig in the beloved children's cartoon Peppa Pig since 2004. Don't miss... 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [EXPLAINER] Best online Mother's Day flowers for 2023 - best UK bouquet delivery [DEAL] The Bay's Marsha Thomason details ‘fiasco’ on set filming series 4 [CAST] Throughout the series, Reginald Bright has been Endeavour (Shaun Evans) and Thursday's boss. But it looks like Reginald is going to retire in season nine which means someone else has to step into his shoes which could very well be Dominic Prettyman. Actor Rufus Wright has been featured in a number of movies, like Arcadia, Rogue One, Assassin's Creed, Together, 8 Days: To The Moon and Back and Blue Iguana. His latest part was in Stephen Merchant's The Outlaws on BBC One as DCI Munroe. The description for the final ever episode reads: "Morse's investigation into a number of untimely death notices in the Oxford Mail, each with a cryptic message, takes him to a series of funerals before forcing him to confront his own mortality. "Thursday is facing more than one confrontation of his own as his past closes in on him, while he resorts to desperate measures to protect those he loves most." Other cast members include: Rev Thamwood - Mo Sesay Jephthah Claypole - Brian Pettifer Hal Claypole - Will Brown Theo Conklin - Christopher Godwin Violet `Vi" Bingley - Victoria Alcock Endeavour season nine will conclude on Sunday, March 12, at 8pm on ITV.