Ed Sheeran, 32, has spoken out on his struggles behind-the-scenes after his wife suffered a health battle while pregnant last year. The Shape of You hitmaker admitted the life changing time changed his plans for his new album, Subtract.  While announcing the album’s forthcoming May release date, Ed revealed Cherry had been diagnosed with a tumour while expecting their second child. The tumour could only be treated after she gave birth to their baby. In an emotional Instagram post, Ed wrote: “I had been working on Subtract for a decade, trying to sculpt the perfect acoustic album, writing and recording hundreds of songs with a clear vision of what I thought it should be. "Then at the start of 2022, a series of events changed my life, my mental health, and ultimately the way I viewed music and art. READ MORE... Angela Rippon details brutal age comment from ex BBC director-general “Writing songs is my therapy. It helps me make sense of my feelings. I wrote without thought of what the songs would be, I just wrote whatever tumbled out. "And in just over a week, I replaced a decade’s worth of work with my deepest darkest thoughts. “Within the space of a month, my pregnant wife got told she had a tumour, with no route to treatment until after the birth. “My best friend Jamal, a brother to me, died suddenly and I found myself standing in court defending my integrity and career as a songwriter. I was spiralling through fear, depression and anxiety." He added: “I felt like I was drowning, head below the surface, looking up but not being able to break through for air.” “As an artist I didn’t feel like I could credibly put a body of work into the world that didn’t accurately represent where I am and how I need to express myself at this point in my life." Addressing how his trauma has transformed his upcoming album, Ed continued: "This album is purely that. It’s opening the trapdoor into my soul. For the first time I’m not trying to craft an album people will like, I’m merely putting something out that’s honest and true to where I am in my adult life. “This is last February’s diary entry and my way of making sense of it. This is Subtract.” DON'T MISS:Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlashPiers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore'Bangers and Cash star 'leaves wife for much younger colleague' Ed confirmed he had welcomed a second baby with Cherry in May 2022, without previously announcing her pregnancy. The couple are also parents to daughter Lyra, two. Sharing the news at the time, the Bad Habits singer said: “I want to let you all know we’ve had another beautiful baby girl. “We are both so in love with her, and over the moon to now be a family of four.” Amidst his worries over his wife's health issues, Ed was left devastated when his close friend and collaborator Jamal Edwards died aged 31 in February last year. Jamal, whose mother is Loose Women star Brenda Edwards, 53, was credited with helping to put Ed on the map at the start of his career via his music media platform SB.TV. Ed's album Subtract will be released on May 5 2023 through Asylum/Atlantic. The title follows up on Ed's famously mathematically named albums, including 2021's Equals, 2017's Divide, 2014's Multiply, and 2011's Plus. If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website here.