It takes him back to sitting down with his Grandad, a Royal Marines veteran and lorry driver, the first in the family to buy his own home, hearing about how he taught his grandchildren about the importance of working hard and saving to be secure in later life. For Richard it’s thinking of the women in his constituency who worked part-time due to caring responsibilities after starting work aged 16 or 18 and who therefore haven’t been auto-enrolled in a pension scheme, despite having worked hard and paid into the broader system all their lives. Helping people save for later life should remain one of the Government’s key priorities. That is why we have introduced the Pensions (Extension of Automatic Enrolment) Bill to Parliament. This Bill will extend the coverage of automatic enrolment to younger people and those in lower paid employment, with all eligible workers benefiting from increased pension contributions from their employer. Automatic enrolment was introduced under George Osborne when he was Chancellor. It succeeded in transforming pension savings with over 10.8 million employees being automatically enrolled into a workplace pension for the first time, leveraging private sector investment. Compared to 2012, around £33 billion has been saved in real terms – better preparing people for later life. The programme of auto-enrolment has been fantastic, setting more people for more secure futures. However, we need to go further so this success can be enjoyed by everyone. That is what our Bill intends to do. People who earn £9,000 from two separate jobs—who may be working 12 to 18 hours a week, juggling their jobs around childcare or caring responsibilities—do not currently get the benefits of auto-enrolment at all.For part-time workers, auto-enrolment stands at below 60 percent, compared with almost 90 percent of workers in full-time jobs. The Bill will see roughly an extra third of the part-time workforce auto-enrolled, which is an increase of 50 percent on present numbers. That would mean that millions of people—mostly women, those from ethnic minority communities, and those who are socially disadvantaged—would be brought into lifetime savings for their futures. The Bill will make a difference to the lives of those people, helping them to help themselves. According to research from Onward, in Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke and North West Durham, around 25 percent of people do not have a workplace pension. People from areas like this are seeking the broad aspirational changes that the Conservatives promised in 2019. This limits their security in later life which is why we are looking to extend eligibility to age 18, which will help in building a more robust and inclusive savings culture, specifically supporting younger generations with the opportunity to prepare better for retirement. Research from the Association of British Insurers indicates that these changes will aim to reduce the gender pensions gap. The average pension pot for a woman aged 65 is one fifth of that of a 65 year old man's. This Bill will transform retirement for women across the country, giving them more independence and stability in retirement. The Bill will give someone on the national living wage an extra £100,000 over their lifetime – representing an increase of 60 percent on today. These small savings that good hard-working people make over time will make real differences to people’s futures. The average younger worker in Consett or Kidsgrove who is working full-time on the living wage would pay just a few hundred pounds a year – a couple of pounds a week – but with a lifetime of compound interest, £1,000 in over three years could mean £25,000 to £30,000 added to their pension pot at the end of their lives. This is a huge difference.Auto-enrolment has already been a huge success. With all the evidence of the huge positive impact it can have, it is a no-brainer that we now need to extend auto-enrolment to those aged 18 and above. This is a serious piece of legislation that could make a serious change. It is about bringing people security in their old age, at minimal cost to them when they are younger.It will unashamedly ensure that people in Stoke-on-Trent and North West Durham, as well as large parts of the south west, Scotland and north Wales, have their own pension in addition to their state pension, so that they have comfort, stability and peace of mind in their old age. We are steadfast in our belief that this will transform the lives of millions of people who are often not in the best paid jobs, who are the very backbone of our great country.