Forecasters are warning Britons about the prospect of snow blizzards causing “treacherous conditions” Friday morning after the Met Office issued three amber warnings for northern England, the Midlands, North Wales and Northern Ireland, where "significant disruption" is expected. The Met Office has also issued less severe yellow warnings covering much of the rest of the nation, with the exception of the south of England and western Scotland. Areas in Wales and northern England could see up to 30cm Friday morning, causing travel chaos for commuters, according to weather maps. The Met Office stated many places are likely to see 10-20cm of snow with a chance of up to 30cm falling, mostly over higher ground. Freezing rain is also expected to be widespread. READ MORE: College in 'lockdown' as students shelter in gym and police scrambled It stated that anyone planning to drive should consider whether their journey is really necessary. For those who still need to make essential trips, the driving body warned that some roads will be hazardous and urged extreme caution. Met Office meteorologist Alex Burkill said the worst of the weather is expected in north-west Wales and northern England, where “gusts of easily 50mph” could be expected. Don't miss... Lili's title will move her 'beyond' the 'normal' childhood planned [REVEAL] Lilibet's title shows Harry is 'attempting reconciliation' with royals [UPDATE] Jersey gives French tourists day pass entry after ferry threat [INSIGHT] “In places covered by amber warnings, there will be very difficult, treacherous conditions. “Ideally avoid travelling in those periods - but if you have to head out then be aware that journeys could take significantly longer.” The amber snow and ice alert urges residents caution as “injuries from slips and falls on icy surfaces” are likely. The Met Office also warned commuters of delays due to covered roads and railways, stranding some vehicles and passengers. The amber warning is in place until 9am this morning and covers Wales, West Midlands, East Midlands, North East England, North West England, Yorkshire & Humber and Northern Ireland.