A British farmer who was "gobsmacked" after seeing how "green" tomatoes were in a Moroccan greenhouse has said he knows what has caused widespread shortages of fruit and veg in supermarkets across the UK. Steve Cornwell, who supplies salad to chains like Aldi, Asda and the Cooperative, tried to warn supermarkets of the impending crisis. Five supermarkets - Lidl, Asda, Aldi, Morrisons and Tesco - have started to ration their fruit and vegetables, limiting how many each individual customer can walk away with, as supplies run critically low. Mr Cornwell told the Mirror: "I was gobsmacked. Everything was green. Any other year you’d see it full of coloured fruit. You can’t harvest green tomatoes. "You pick them when they’re breaking colour and I could see they were weeks away from that. I knew we had a big problem.” The situation was the same across Southern Europe, where during the winter Steve and his wife Morna source supplies of everything from cucumbers to peppers. However, this year the harvest was struck by unseasonal high temperatures, followed by a sudden cold snap - leaving crops in chaos. Mr Cornwell explained: "Normally, you can trust the temperatures in Spain, Greece, Crete and Morocco. Between 12C and 15C at night and in the 20Cs in the day. But when I was there they were as low as 4C overnight. Most crops were not colouring up." He added that the warm weather from October to December results in crops maturing quicker - meaning they had to be harvested earlier. This meant that when the temperature dropped, most of the winter crop had already gone. The cold weather made it difficult to make up the numbers - with snow in Spain, and the mercury barely moving in Morocco which resulted in bees, that would normally pollinate the tomato plants, staying inside their boxes. The farmer added: "In 50 years in the business it was the worst I’d ever known it." The British Retail Consortium (BRC) agreed that harvests had been hit by "difficult weather conditions". Its director of food and sustainability, Andrew Opie, added supermarkets were "adept at managing supply chain issues and are working with farmers to ensure that customers are able to access a wide range of fresh produce". READ MORE: ‘Cheapest’ and ‘most efficient’ method to grow tomatoes [REVEAL] But Steve claims he tried to warn the supermarkets and they wouldn't listen. He claimed they are now offering him prices they previously said weren't possible. The farmer added their refusal to heed his warnings is partly what led to the produce ending up on European supermarket shelves instead. The difficulty for British supermarkets also extends to their unwillingness to shift prices, with Morna stating: "In Europe, supermarkets set prices weekly, so if the market is short they’ll pay the higher prices. But British supermarkets still insist on setting a price for the whole season and then are reluctant to increase them, so they end up missing out on the produce." Brexit is also a factor, the farmers said, due to additional duty payments on exports to the UK that growers don't need to worry about for the rest of the EU. But soaring gas prices have not helped the situation for growers either. Jack Ward, CEO of the British Growers Association, told EuroNews: "Last autumn, there were numerous conversations within the industry about the rising costs of production with higher energy prices and input costs. Growers took the view here in the UK and other parts of northern Europe that unless they could be guaranteed a reasonable return, they wouldn't plant the crops." DON'T MISS: Rationing of fruit and veg in UK supermarkets to 'last for weeks' [REVEAL]Jason Manford brands Rishi Sunak a ***head after Brexit deal speech [INSIGHT] Ann Widdecombe warns of 'obvious problems' with Sunak's Brexit deal [ANALYSIS] This was also true for Steve and Morna, who said the cost of keeping gas boilers going to heat their four cucumber nurseries has risen threefold since last year. This led them to, this year, planting a month later to save costs – and as a result there is still no sign of cucumbers on their plants. Simon says: "We used to plant the second week in January, it was a gamble we could take as the energy costs were kinder. But this year we couldn’t risk it. Everything has gone up, transport costs, diesel, packaging. It’s just become untenable unless you get increases in your values." The situation is predicted to take a couple more weeks to resolve - although Mr Ward warned: "It depends on how badly the crops have been affected. Bad weather at the wrong time can be pretty disastrous."