Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's first night out following reports of their eviction from Frogmore Cottage was always going to turn heads, but the reaction from the American public has been mixed. The couple were seen arriving at an exclusive $4,200-a-year private members club in Los Angeles. Express.co.uk went to the general public for their initial thoughts on the young couple's exclusive date night. Pam from New Jersey branded the date night a "PR stunt", questioning why the couple would take a two-hour trip from their home of Montecito to the lavish San Vicente Bungalows in downtown LA on a weeknight. She said: "Well since we know the paparazzi that took the picks are on speed dial, it was all a PR stunt. Why go to eat two hours from your home? On a weeknight. Where are your kids? Everything with them is a stunt." US resident Mylonna insinuated that the swanky night out conflicts with their alleged demands for "privacy" - an allegation the pair have consistently denied. "What happened to their wishes of privacy?" READ MORE: Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction Jenny from North Carolina and Stella from Virginia both struck a more indifferent note, suggesting celebrities being papped on a night out is par of the course in Hollywood. Stella told Express.co.uk: "We make nothing of it. Celebrities are photographed all the time in California. It’s a non-story." And Jenny said: "I couldn't care less what publicity appearances Harry and Meghan make. Since there is no notion of royalty in the USA they are like any Tom, Dick or Jane." Meghan and Harry's romantic night out on the town marked their first public outing since they were asked to "vacate" Frogmore Cottage. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's return to UK in jeopardy following eviction [LATEST]Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave [INSIGHT]Man in a scream costume terrorising public [REPORT]  A spokesperson for the couple confirmed speculation about the couple's residence this week, saying the Palace had asked them to leave the residence in January. The couple appeared defiant in the face of the eviction, beaming as they set out on their child-free night out. The royal couple were spotted just outside the San Vicente Bungalows, a haunt for Hollywood's mover and shakers, on Tuesday. Meghan sported her classic look, with plain black leather trousers and black heels to match. She completed the look with a simple black clutch. READ MORE: King's eviction could be to block Harry deputising for him as Duke set to lose royal title Prince Harry also went for his classic lowkey aesthetic, donning a casual blue shirt and jeans paired with a dark grey open cardigan. The Duke and his wife were seen stepping out of their car first as a bodyguard shielded them from the Los Angeles rain with a black umbrella. The evening came in the wake of King Charles' eviction of the Sussexes from their UK home. Speaking to royal reporter Omid Scobie, a source close to the couple said: "It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. "It's like the family wants to cut them out of the picture for good. Harry and Meghan have until early summer to vacate. "Initially they were given just weeks, but now they have at least until after the coronation." The eviction places further strain on the relationship between the Sussexes and the Royal Family. The lack of a home will cause further obstacles to the Sussexes' future visits to the country, royal correspondent Jack Royston said.