Lewis Hamilton is still being denied his dream opportunity to compete in South Africa, as the last F1 race held in the country was won by Alain Prost in 1993 and the seven-time world champion is yet to take to a track that he has been clamouring for since he made the step up to the competition. There have been reports and rumours for years that the F1 is considering a return to South Africa, most notably in 2022 when it was claimed that the relevant authorities were on the verge of sealing a deal that would see the Kyalami circuit return to the calendar. F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali was believed to have flown into the country for talks, but the event was not added to the 2023 schedule. The news will have come as a blow to Hamilton, who has gone on record stating that he hopes there can be a South African GP once again in the future. "The place that I really feel is dear to my heart and most important to get a race back is in South Africa,” he said. “There is a great following out there and I think it would be great to be able to highlight just how beautiful the motherland is." However, 1979 world champion Jody Sheckter has since revealed how close Hamilton’s dream was to reality - and explained that greed cost the Kyalami circuit a chance at returning to F1. Don't miss... F1 news - Hamilton 'may quit Mercedes', Leclerc 'writes' to board [LATEST] “I was an inside part of it,” Scheckter told TotalMotorsport. ”My nephew worked on it for six years. “It was that close. The guy from Kyalami went from 500,000 to 2 million, and he wanted to take the whole thing over. “F1 came over to sign. He had got government backing, some of the wealthiest people in South Africa behind it. Everything was in place, and the guy from Kyalami got greedy. Just as soon as F1 left, he changed the whole thing completely. The government realised there was a fight [going on] and withdrew, and that was the end. Maybe it’ll happen back here again. I don’t know. MUST READ Sky Sports F1's Naomi Schiff admits she 'made Lewis Hamilton nervous' [REACTION] Lewis Hamilton leaves two F1 rivals worried after Verstappen comments [LATEST] Lewis Hamilton not tipped to follow Jackie Stewart’s footsteps post F1 [RUMOURS] “I think Kyalami is probably the one because they looked at the circuit. They knew what had to be done, and it was possible. Cape Town would be a better place. But it’s all to do with money.” One reported benefit of Kyalami hosting again as opposed to Cape Town would be the limited financial spend necessary, as the venue can already hold around 100,000 spectators. Minor tweaks would only be needed in order to meet the F1’s safety standards ahead of a potential return - and Hamilton will be hoping that 2024 is the year that South Africa can host another GP.