A juror on Alex Murdaugh's double-homicide trial said he knew the shamed lawyer had killed his wife and youngest son after he took the stand and "showed his guilt." The jury needed just 45 minutes to decide on the verdict after evidence had stacked up against him during the weeks-long trial. Juror Craig Moyer, 37, told the New York Post that Murdaugh's testimony is what convinced him he had committed the double murder. During the testimony, he admitted to lying to police about his whereabouts on the night of the murders, acknowledging that he had in fact been at the dog kennels where his wife and son were slayed despite his earlier remarks that he was at his mum's house. Mr Moyer told the outlet: "When he took the stand, he kind of showed his guilt then. "His head shaking all the time and no tears, and he wiped his nose like this", he said while demonstrating vigorously wiping his nose with his arm. The juror added: "Him crying and shaking his head back and forth and him admitting that he was there [at the dog kennels] a year and a half later." As well as his shambolic testimony, he said the most damning evidence to convince him Alex murdered his family members, was the Snapchat video taken on the night of the murders. Prosecutors argued in court the social media video with Alex Murdaugh’s voice on it was shot minutes before the gunfire began. Speaking about the video, Moyer said: "The dog kennel video, I mean it happened right before they were phoneless." READ MORE: The Gold: Scottish Kenny Noye star details mastering cockney accent He said at first two jurors believed Alex was innocent, which caused the deliberations to get heated. But something swayed their minds and all 12 jurors came to the same conclusion that he was guilty, in just 45 minutes. Moyer explained: "It was kind of loud, everybody talking over each other but we got it done.” Last week, Murdaugh was found guilty on all four counts, including two counts of murder and two counts of possession of a weapon in the commitment of a violent crime.   Don't miss... Alex and Buster got 'drunk' months after dad murdered wife and son [LATEST] Buster Murdaugh hiding on 'Buster's Island' after dad's conviction [VIDEO] Body of Murdaugh's dead housekeeper may be exhumed after conviction [COMMENT] Maggie Murdaugh, 52, and Paul Murdaugh, 22, were shot at close range near the dog kennels on the family's Colleton County estate on June 7, 2021. The 54-year-old denied involvement during the trial, instead claiming he was asleep when they were attacked. He claimed: "I would never hurt Maggie, and I would never hurt Paul - ever - under any circumstances." The disgraced legal heir, who has also been accused of a string of financial crimes, has been handed two consecutive life sentences. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews