NBA superstar Kevin Durant could miss the rest of the regular season after rolling his ankle during pre-game warmups ahead of the Phoenix Suns’ win over the Oklahoma City Thunder. Durant was preparing to make his home debut against his former team, but was ultimately absent as the Suns secured a 132-101 win on Wednesday. After sealing a blockbuster trade from the Brooklyn Nets, Durant has won each of the three road games he has played in a Suns jersey. He was gearing up for his home debut at the Footprint Center when the 13-time All-Star slipped on the floor during pre-game warmups and was ultimately ruled out due to left ankle soreness. According to Arizona Republic, Durant was in a walking boot as he left the arena. The 34-year-old will reportedly have an MRI on Thursday to determine the extent of his injury, although there are fears within the organisation the former MVP suffered a grade 2 sprain which could see him miss between four and six weeks. Phoenix’s regular season finale is April 9, so Durant could miss the remainder of the regular season and potentially the start of the playoffs in a nightmare turn for the Suns who had started to resemble a juggernaut with the two-time Finals MVP in the team. READ MORE: Steph Curry has huge net worth with NBA contract bigger than Mbappe's “He’s in good spirits,” Suns All-Star guard Devin Booker said after he dropped 44 points in the win over the Thunder. “That’s all that matters to me. The rehab process starts now.” Star point guard Chris Paul - who has a frustrating injury history himself - also lamented Durant’s injury, adding: “I know how much he loves to play and wanted to play. But stuff happens.” Since his arrival from the Nets in the headline-grabbing February 9 trade, the Suns are 3-0 with Durant in the lineup. He had only just returned from a knee injury on March 1, an issue that saw him miss 20 games. Don't miss... James Harden and Philadelphia 76ers snap Bucks' NBA win streak [LATEST] NBA star Ja Morant breaks silence after suspension over 'gun video' [LATEST] NBA commissioner Adam Silver could leave amid surprising opportunity [LATEST] During his standard warmup routine, Durant drove to the basket when he rolled his left ankle and fell to the floor. He got back to his feet and completed his workout, but the Suns quickly ruled him out of action to the disappointment of the excited home crowd. Torrey Craig started in Durant’s place and the Suns secured their fourth straight win on the back of Booker’s 44 points. The 26-year-old is in scintillating form, scoring at least 35 points during Phoenix’s current win streak.  Durant has averaged 26.7 points and 7.3 rebounds across his first three matches for the Suns. He arrived in Phoenix via trade which saw Durant and T.J. Warren join with Mikal Bridges, Cam Johnson, Jae Crowder, four first-round picks and other draft compensation heading to Brooklyn. The 37-29 Suns take on the Sacramento Kings in their next contest on Saturday night. The Kings possess a 38-26 record and sit second in the Western Conference, two places above Phoenix.