Axed Match of the Day (MOTD) host Gary Lineker could be in line for a mega pay rise if ITV comes calling. It is reported that the rival broadcaster are considering pushing to acquire the much-loved football pundit and that the ideal opportunity has presented itself to them. The BBC announced on Friday that they had asked Lineker to step down from his usual MOTD duties the following night after his recent comments on social media caused a stir. The former Leicester City star criticised Home Secretary Suella Braverman’s new asylum policy in a comparison with Nazi Germany on Twitter. Lineker faced some backlash for his tweet, with the BBC ruling that he could not return to TV screens until an agreement was reached over his social media usage – given his desire to shed political views. The broadcaster’s decision prompted major backlash, with pundits refusing to work on the show as a result and forcing several shows to be shelved. Lineker has insisted throughout that he would not apologise for his tweet, and the BBC are yet confirm whether a deal has been reached with the 62-year-old - though recent reports claim the Beeb are set to U-turn and allow him to return to his Match of the Day duties. However, the Mail also report that ITV could try and ‘take advantage of the stand-off’ by poaching the pundit if Lineker ends up leaving the BBC over the row. Don't miss... Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [NEWS] They report that the broadcaster could be prised away from the BBC with a significant offer, with ITV prepared to triple his current pay of £1.35million. If he penned the contract, Lineker would also not be forced to reveal his wage to the world as he would no longer be funded by the licence fee-payer. A source told the Mail: “ITV will be excited by what is happening at the BBC – it’s the best chance they have had to get Gary." Don't miss... BBC coverage of 4 events in jeopardy as co-workers stand with Lineker [LATEST] Lineker shrugs off BBC criticism as MOTD host seen joking at Leicester [PHOTOS] BBC crisis as Lineker row spirals out of control after staff mutiny [NEWS] Lineker has not speculated about leaving the BBC, though a source close to him continued: “ITV see Gary as a great fit – he has a huge following and knows his stuff when it comes to football. He is the host of the most watched football programme, so would bring an audience with him, and he also has a brand to take with him. "Gary would undoubtedly be able to name his price and his terms, which is something that he is going to always be restricted with at the BBC." It remains to be seen whether Lineker returns to MOTD next weekend or if the BBC attempt to diffuse the situation by taking him off of screens in the immediate future. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.