Bruno Fernandes has reportedly insisted that he didn't request to be substituted in Manchester United's 7-0 mauling at Anfield on Sunday. Liverpool mercilessly halted Erik ten Hag's Red Devil revival in a second-half collapse that reflected disastrously on all his players. Fernandes captained United, with Harry Maguire benched after Raphael Varane passed a late fitness test to start on Merseyside. But the 28-year-old garnered criticism for his ineffective first-half performance, in which he missed a guilt-edged chance to head the visitors into the lead. His headlines worsened during the second-half capitulation as Liverpool fired six past their bitter rivals to emphatically regain bragging rights in the north west. Sky Sports commentator Gary Neville didn't hold back on his ill-hearted analysis of Fernandes' showing, pointing out a particular moment after Anthony Elanga replaced Marcus Rashford in the 85th minute. He said: "Bruno Fernandes is stood in the centre circle with his arms raised saying 'why is it me not coming off?' Honestly, I have to say some of his behaviour in the second half has been a disgrace." JUST IN: Laura Woods destroys Tottenham fan over 'miserable season'  Neville's comments sparked outrage on social media, with many questioning Fernandes' captaincy credentials. However, BBC Sport report that Fernandes has denied asking to be replaced in the dying embers of United's dismantling. Instead, he is said to claim he was gesturing to the bench for clarification about his position after Rashford made way for Elanga. Minutes later, United conceded a seventh to substitute Roberto Firmino, confirming their worst defeat since Boxing Day 1931. Don't miss... Arsenal 'to be investigated by FA' over celebrations vs Bournemouth [LATEST] Man Utd stars' faces say it all as they arrive at training  [LATEST] Man City's first summer move may have leaked as Bruno hails Guardiola [LATEST] Fernandes could have also landed in hot water with the Football Association over a potential push on a linesman as frustrations boiled over. However, Andy Madley spotted the incident during the game and didn't deem it worthy of action, excluding it from his post-match report. It was an afternoon to forget for Fernandes and the rest of Ten Hag's squad, who will be desperate for Thursday's Europa League clash with Real Betis to arrive quickly. That will now be viewed as a must-win game, as will United's last Premier League game before the international break on Sunday against recently-resurgent Southampton. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here