Sarah Ferguson has refused to speak on Harry and Meghan, stating that she has "no judgement" for the couple. Ahead of the release of her historical fiction book 'A Most Intriguing Lady', which is out on March 7, The Duchess of York gave an interview where she subtly referred to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.   Speaking to People, Sarah said: "I don't believe that any single person has the right to judge another person." Speaking of the Sussexes, she added: "I'm not in a position myself to make any judgments. "I have been judged all my life, and I have no judgment on the Sussexes." READ MORE: Prince Harry's true response to eviction pinpointed by 'three giveaway signals' In the interview, Sarah also mentioned Princess Diana, stating that the late royal would be "incredibly proud" of her five grandchildren. The late Princess of Wales, who died in August 1997, would be grandmother to Prince Harry's two children and Prince William's three children. Prince Harry previously became the first member of the Royal Family to open up publicly about Prince Andrew's scandal. The 38-year-old referred to it as a "shameful scandal" in the couple's Netflix docu-series, which was released in December. READ MORE: 'Outraged' King Charles evicted Prince Harry after his attacks on Camilla 'crossed a line' Harry claimed that there is "no way" that the Royal Family could cut their security after they decided to relocate to California, especially after Andrew still gets it. He added: "Not in the wake of my Uncle Andrew. "Despite being embroiled in a shameful scandal, accused of sexually assaulting a young girl, no one had even suggested removing his security." DON'T MISS King's Coronation offers Harry a 'fresh start' [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction [ANALYSIS]Kate uses special phrase to keep George, Charlotte and Louis in line [VIDEO] He added: "People have had plenty of reasons to complain about us, sex crimes weren’t one of them". Fergie's comments come after Prince Harry and Meghan have confirmed that they have been evicted from Frogmore Cottage. They reportedly have until "early summer" to remove their belongings.