Meghan Markle reached out to Liz Hurley over her stint on TV show, The Royals, prior to meeting Prince Harry. Despite this, Meghan has since claimed that she knew very little about the Royal Family before meeting her now-husband in 2016. In a recently resurfaced blog post, dated from 2015, the year prior to meeting Prince Harry, the 41-year-old interviewed the British actress. In the post, Meghan wrote: "I have always loved everything about Liz Hurley. "When I realised she was going to be debuting on a new show, The Royals, I had to reach out to her." The Royals was a comedy show, which essentially imitated the Royal Family. READ MORE: Charles has been 'hit beyond hard' by Prince Harry's revelations, insider claims In 2021, six years after reaching out to Liz Hurley, Meghan spoke to Oprah Winfrey, during the couple's bombshell televised interview, about how little she previously knew about the Royal Family. Speaking about growing up, Meghan told Oprah that it wasn't "something that was part of conversation at home" and wasn't "something we followed". She added that, in the early days of dating the 38-year-old, she "didn't do any research" and "never looked up my husband online". She claimed that "everything I needed to know, he was telling me". In their recent Netflix docu-series, Harry and Meghan, Harry revealed that "Meghan and I met over Instagram". READ MORE: Kate’s key accessory to make her red carpet outfits ‘iconic’ - following the Queen's trend The couple initially started out as long distance, with Meghan having one ultimatum for the relationship to blossom - that they agreed to meet every fortnight. The couple met in London, during the summer of 2016, with their whirlwind romance soon turning into an engagement at the end of 2017. The couple married six months later, in Windsor, in May 2018. Meghan's blog ran from 2014, whilst she was starring as Rachel Zane in Suits, until 2017. DON'T MISS In November 2017, Meghan confirmed that she was quitting her acting career as the couple announced their engagement. Speaking at the time, the former actress claimed that she was ready to start her "new chapter", joining the Royal Family alongside Prince Harry.