A woman who took in an Afghan migrant deported after raping a 12-year-old girl has told him not to return as he waits to cross the Channel. Emal Kochai, 28, was kicked out of Britain in 2019 after serving half his nine-year prison sentence for raping the youngster in Berkshire five years before. But Kochai is now staying at a migrant camp in France, waiting to board a small boat back to the UK. Kochai, 28, was fostered by a woman in Hungerford after claiming asylum in Britain in 2012 when he was aged 17. The foster mother is still in touch with Kochai and knows he is trying to return to the UK. She told The Times: "When he said he wanted to come back from Afghanistan I did try and stop him." She added: "I said: 'There is nothing here for you'. His asylum case will be rejected because he’s been to prison. "But he loves Britain, the British people, and he wants to come back. I’m concerned if he comes back. I want him to try another country, but he loves England. "I told him not to get on a boat. I said, 'Don’t do it'. I don’t want him to drown, he can’t swim." It is believed Kochai has already attempted to cross the Channel, but police reportedly punctured the boat with a knife. READ ABOUT A COUNCIL FACING PRESSURE OVER PARKING FINES The foster mum visited Kochai a number of times when he was in prison. She said: "We were devastated when we found out about the accusation, we couldn’t believe it. It was very sad that it happened. "He moved out of our house because he was 18 and was with the wrong people. He got in trouble." Don't miss... Meghan Markle ridiculed by SNL as 'Hollywood is laughing at her' [LATEST] Putin suffers deadliest day as over 1k soldiers lost in Ukraine [REVEALED] Hunt's Budget will tackle labour shortage by helping sick back to work [REPORT] She added that she hopes he's changed since the attack which he carried out when he was young. After he was deported to Afghanistan, Kochai fled again, and claims to have travelled through Pakistan, Iran and Turkey to get to Europe. He was reportedly given the option of serving a longer prison sentence and staying in Britain, but opted to leave earlier and get deported. Kochai's former foster mother has said he married a woman in Afghanistan with the couple now having a daughter. He is understood to want them to claim asylum in Britain. Kochai last week told The Times the Government’s Illegal Migration Bill would not prevent him from trying to return to the UK with his cousin, his cousin’s wife and their two children aged four and six. The Illegal Migration Bill goes to the Commons for its second reading on Monday. The Government's plans would see migrants who arrive through unauthorised means deported and given a lifetime ban from returning. Anyone who crosses the Channel in a small boat would only be eligible for asylum in a "safe" third country, such as Rwanda. Kochai said: "I will never give up trying to get to the UK. I have been in France for three months and we don’t get anything. "In the UK I can get education, a job and a house. My brother was killed by the Taliban in Afghanistan and it is not safe for me there." A Home Office source said: "This case shows exactly why we need genuine deterrent measures in place to stop rapists and other serious criminals illegally entering the UK."