A man asked the online community whether he should accept his neighbour's offer to pay him to babysit his own daughter when he takes his wife out. Reddit user AliveLeg61 said his neighbour Walter and his wife have struck a close friendship over their shared love for horror films. They have since started going out on a weekly basis to spend time together, leaving him to babysit his 10-year-old daughter Emily and Walter's own two daughters. AliveLeg61 lamented the burden he faces handling childcare by himself and voiced his frustration to his neighbour, who has now offered to pay him to babysit Emily and Walter's two girls. The Reddi user wrote: ""As both their movie and dinner nights had became so common, I have grown a little tired of the burden of constantly babysitting the girls. "I talk to my wife and Walter about it and he explained that he usually does not like leaving his duaghters with babysitters. "He says he is really comfortable knowing that they are being watched by an experienced father like me instead of some teenage girl. JUST IN: US warns Iran ready to produce devastating nuclear bomb in just 12 days "Don't be surprised if your wife ends up leaving you for Walter, if they're not already having an affair..." Kennysmithy said: "Right his line 'now my wife can't complain that I don't take her out to dinner'.... Uhm yes she can because... you don't? Walter takes her. "Going out to dinner is a way to have alone time and bonding and she's not doing it with you so obviously she would want to do it with you sometimes. "Or maybe Walter is her stand in boyfriend now because you seem negligent in the relationship." And Thanos9321 wrote: "Yeah. I was reading this thinking OP has a lot more problems than babysitting money. Dude over here worried about babysitting, meanwhile his wife is probably falling for this other dude. "I don't get people that get in relationships and think it's ok to just not do things with your partner just because you don't like it. "Obviously there are limits to it but sometimes you just do the things they enjoy regardless of how much you like it. You are doing it to be a good partner. "My wife has gone to a ridiculous amount of marvel movies with me, and I've done my fair share of farmers markets and Ikea trips!" Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews