The intended target of the shooting which killed Olivia Pratt-Korbel shouted "please don't" as his friend ran "for his life" from the gunman, Manchester Crown Court has heard. Thomas Cashman is on trial accused of murdering nine-year-old Olivia after she was shot in the chest at her home in Dovecot, Liverpool in August last year. A man called Joseph Nee is believed to have been the intended target.  The court was shown a police interview with Paul Abraham, who was with Nee when the gunman began firing shots at around 10pm. Mr Abraham said he heard loud bands and the pair began to run but said "one must have got Joey". He said: "He fell over. I don't even know when he got shot, he just fell. "As he rolled over I just basically jumped over him and went through a gate." Mr Abraham said he saw Nee continue running up the street, and the attacker, with two hands on what he thought was a gun, walking up the road. He said: "As I was going up the entry he (Nee) was saying 'please don't', I heard him shouting 'please, don't'." Mr Abraham said he thought he heard two further bangs as he jumped over fences of back gardens to get away. He said: "I was just running for my life basically." Earlier this week the court heard that Olivia screamed "Mum, I'm scared", seconds before she was shot dead The youngster was standing on the stairs behind her mother, Cheryl Korbel, 46, when she was hit in the chest by a bullet. Olivia's mother had opened her front door to find out what was going on - when Nee, bleeding and injured, saw the light from her doorway and ran towards the house, trying to barge in to escape Cashman.  Ms Korbel, "in a panic" and screaming at Nee banging on the door, tried to shut it on him, as Cashman pursued his target and fired again with a revolver. The bullet missed Nee, went through the front door, through Ms Korbel's right hand and hit Olivia in the centre of her chest. David McLachlan KC, opening the case for the prosecution, told the jury: "Cheryl Korbel said: 'I've been shot'. The trial is ongoing.  