The AHC is associated with the oldest regiment in the British Army. The venue can host several types of events, including cricket, rugby, archery and football. It also maintains an active base for the Army Reserve. Germany outfit Dortmund were snapped conducting their pre-match preparations ahead of the crunch European clash with Chelsea. The Bundesliga side would have booked the venue through the AHC, which is the only way the public can have access to the grounds. Dortmund trained at Stamford Bridge on Monday. But with Chelsea's home pitch unavailable to play on in the hours leading up to Tuesday's game, Edin Terzic's side trained at the rather unusual base. JUST IN: Arsenal urged to hijack Liverpool transfer for Mount on one condition Chelsea face an uphill battle if they are to overcome Dortmund and progress to the Champions League quarter-finals. Karim Adeyemi's goal means the Premier League side trail the Germans on aggregate heading into the second leg in England. Jude Bellingham and co. merely need to avoid defeat in West London to see off Chelsea and inflict further misery on under-pressure boss Graham Potter. The Blues will be buoyed, though, after their 1-0 victory over Leeds on Saturday. Potter remains under immense pressure to improve results. Chelsea have won just four of their last 18 games across all competitions, with sections of the club’s fanbase demanding that co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali part ways with the former Brighton coach. The big-spending pair continue to back Potter but there remains an understanding that Chelsea must start climbing the table. Saturday’s win ensured the West Londoners remained in the top-half of the Premier League table, although a 10th-placed finish will hardly be satisfactory after the club spent £550million. Don't miss... Football news LIVE: UEFA offer Liverpool refunds, Man Utd leaks [LIVE] Chelsea problems laid bare by Leeds and Bournemouth in Boehly worry [COMMENT] Chelsea one of five clubs who could sign Neymar on the cheap [LATEST] “It’s a big game, an exciting game, a chance to go through to the last eight of the Champions League. It will be a special night at Stamford Bridge, so we’re really looking forward to that,” Potter said ahead of the game. “All our thoughts are on being positive, winning the game, and going through. In terms of what we learned from the previous game [against Dortmund] they are a top opponent. "You can see from their results in the Bundesliga, they are in a fantastic vein of form, winning games constantly. That tells you as a team they are doing a lot well. Attack and defend, good individuals, well coached. So it’s a big challenge for us but we’re excited for it.”