Apple fans that have held off upgrading to the latest iPhone models will have more choice from next week. That's all thanks to the US technology giant releasing a refreshed smartphone that now comes in Yellow. This bold update joins the rest of the lineup (Midnight, Starlight, (PRODUCT)RED, Blue and Purple) that were launched late last year. Releasing a colour refresh has become a big part of Apple's yearly cycle although, other than its striking appearance, it's unclear why Yellow is on trend in 2023. If going for this bold design takes your fancy then Apple says it will be available to pre-order this Friday and will hit stores from Tuesday next week. Other than the colour, everything else stays the same. That means you get a device with a 6.1-inch Super Retina XDR OLED display that's surrounded in Ceramic Sheild glass for improved durability. There's also an improved rear camera which snaps brighter shots at night plus it now makes videos appear smoother thanks to a clever Action mode which removes any wobbles as you walk or run whilst making home movies. Tucked under the glass and metal hood is Apple's powerful A15 Bionic processor which should keep pace with even the most memory-hungry tasks. Battery life has also been improved and when things do run low it can be refilled via Apple's exclusive MagSafe charging disk which snaps to the rear case for a more efficient refill. Two other new life-saving upgrades that arrived on the iPhone 14 range include Crash Detection and Emergency SOS via satellite. As the name suggests, Crash Detection spots when you've had a serious accident in your car and then sends an alert to the emergency services with a precise location. Emergency SOS could also be vital if you find yourself off the beaten track and in need of help as this service can send a text to space meaning there's no need for a mobile signal. “People love their iPhone and rely on it every day for all that they do, and now there’s an exciting addition to the lineup with a new yellow iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus,” said Bob Borchers, Apple’s vice president of Worldwide Product Marketing. “The extraordinary battery life, lightweight design, pro-level camera and video features, groundbreaking safety capabilities like Emergency SOS via satellite, and all iOS 16 has to offer make iPhone 14 a great option for anyone in the market for a new iPhone.”