Liverpool should try to sign both Declan Rice and Mason Mount this summer, claims ex-Reds striker Dean Saunders. The England duo are both linked with a move away from their respective clubs at the end of the season. Rice and Mount are best friends having spent time in the Chelsea academy together. Rice was released by the Blues at the age of 14 but Mount has stayed to become a first-team star. But both players are out of contract at the end of next season. Rice has long been linked with a move away from West Ham, while Mount's future is becoming increasingly uncertain. TalkSPORT claimed on Thursday that Liverpool are increasingly confident of signing Mount. The report said a deal is seen by some as 'highly likely'. But Saunders would love to see Rice join his pal at Anfield. He told talkSPORT: "If Liverpool want to finish top of the league, they’ve got to put their hands in their pockets. READ MORE: Liverpool star Firmino 'to leave at end of season' after Klopp meeting  "Declan Rice and Mason Mount – they’re £100million – you’ve got to buy the best players. If you put Mason Mount in Liverpool’s midfield with Declan Rice, it’ll be a different team." Arsenal are thought to be favourites to sign Rice this summer. Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City are also all linked with his signature. Roy Keane questioned Rice earlier this week, claiming he still has a lot to prove to earn a big move. But Saunders disagrees and believes he has what it takes to perform at the top level. He added: "I heard Roy saying that but I don't necessarily agree. In midfield, there are three things you've got to do. DON'T MISSDe Jong 'makes feelings clear' on ditching Barcelona for Man Utd due to CasemiroJesus could be back in perfect timing for Arsenal ahead of six-game runArsenal and Man Utd to lose out on £100m transfer as Man City have trump card  "No 1 - win a scrap. If it's a scrappy match, can I win the scrap? No 2 - can I run box to box? So I can outrun you. No 3 - if it's a football match, can I control a game against Man City? "And I think he can do all three. I think [Jude] Bellingham can do all three as well. "[Rice is] obviously playing as a sitting-midfield player but I think he's got more in his locker. I've seen him driving at defences and beating people and slotting them in the corner. "So I think he's got goals in him as well. You just need to take the reins off him."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here