 The Belfast native returns to the stage this month in Under The Black Rock after a decade gracing televisions screens in soaps like Coronation Street. With the comic thriller being set in his hometown in 1979, Glen shared some eye-opening childhood memories in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, pondering the phenomenon of growing up amid tragedy.   The 46-year-old actor first became a household name across the UK as Malachy Fisher in the acclaimed soap Hollyoaks before making appearances on Emmerdale, Holby City, Casualty and most recently joining the Coronation Street cast as Lucas Kempton. This month the actor is returning to his roots on stage with a poignant play focused on The Troubles in Northern Ireland as the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement nears. Growing up in one of the most turbulent eras in Northern Ireland’s history, Glen first declares that he has “very limited memories of that time”. However, he soon notes that what others may have found traumatising was his “normal”. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman issues warning after ‘potentially fatal situation’  He shares some emotional memories saying: “We had somebody shot dead outside our house. “My mum and I were caught on a bus that was petrol bombed and hijacked by terrorists. “It’s not normal but it becomes your normality until you get distance, be that geographical or time. “It’s almost PTSD because it does affect you.”  Although he was interested in acting from his early teen years, Glen first attended a Belfast art college before moving to London to explore his entertainment dreams, and also recalled his graduation being tragically interrupted. He continued: “The night that we graduated from art college was what was called a night of paramilitary action. “What they would do is they would prewarn you; if you don’t have to go out tonight don’t go out because there’s going to be mayhem. “Well we just graduated from a four-year course, we weren’t going to move it.” Don't miss... Gene Hackman in very rare outing as he's seen for first time in years [LATEST] Alex Beresford warns of public 'meddling' in Royal Family affairs [LATEST] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST]  Instead of the celebratory evening Glen and his coursemates had envisioned, they resigned to enjoying the ceremony, grabbing “a quick Chinese” and heading to someone’s home for the evening. Glen almost resentfully adds that their plans were forced to change “because somebody else decided that they had something better to do”. When reflecting on this time, it isn’t all tragedy for the actor as he utilised the full power of a bar of soap to reconnect him with 1979 Belfast for the play. The Hollyoaks star revealed that the day before Under The Black Rock’s press night, his partner organised massages to destress after a long week. He shared: “One of the massages was done with coal tar soap. As soon as I smelt it, it took me right back to Sunday nights in Belfast having a bath before you get up to go to school the next day.”  Just before going on stage the next day, Glen “legged it up to Boots” and found himself a bar of coal tar soap, as well as a can of Brute deodorant, adding: “If that doesn’t say Belfast 1979 I don’t know what does.” Glen continued: “It’s the little things. Maybe the success of press night is all down to a bar of soap that cost 85p. “It’s amazing how something like that, a smell or taste or a sound, whatever it might be that instantly transports you.” Under The Black Rock is showing at the Arcola Theatre until March 25.