Manchester United are reportedly planning to include an interesting clause in David de Gea's new contract, which indicates Erik ten Hag's summer transfer plans. The Spaniard's current deal expires in July, but he is enjoying another strong season at Old Trafford and wants to stay beyond his 12th year. As part of the culture change Ten Hag has enforced since becoming United manager, he is keen to simmer the club's inflated wage bill. Offloading Cristiano Ronaldo in November went a long way in doing so, but it left De Gea as United's highest earner on £375,000 per week. His eye-watering wage also makes him the best-paid goalkeeper in world football, something Ten Hag has reportedly insisted must change if he's to remain at the club. According to The Sun, United don't want to pay De Gea more than £250,000 per week on a new contract, though his base salary will be even lower than a 33 per cent decrease. The report claims that the 32-year-old must play a certain number of games to earn the total salary through bonuses. JUST IN: Liverpool and Man City could win with 15 Chelsea stars 'facing chop'  De Gea would have to feature in around half of United's games in all competitions next season, an unlikely feat unless he remains number one in M16. It's claimed that Red Devils chiefs want to hand the Spanish stopper two more years but don't want him to become an overpaid backup option. Such a fear indicates that reports of Ten Hag eyeing a new goalkeeper this summer could come to fruition. While De Gea has been at his shot-stopping best this term, the Dutchman is thought to view a ball-playing goalkeeper confident of claiming crosses and demanding his defence as crucial to his philosophy. United have been strongly linked with FC Porto's Diogo Costa, while the Mirror claim they could battle Liverpool for New England Revolution's Djordje Petrovic. DON'T MISS Arsenal star Jorginho displays leadership in last-gasp Bournemouth winBoehly gives three-word response as Chelsea win eases Potter pressureThree Chelsea players may save Potter from sack after narrow Leeds win But with a striker and midfielder also near the top of Ten Hag's wishlist, a big-money goalkeeper recruit may have to wait. So a contract that would only mirror De Gea's role in the squad makes total sense, with United's results this season proving there are more urgent areas to address. De Gea joined in 2011 and has made 525 appearances since, becoming the club's leading clean sheet holder with his 181st shut-out in last Sunday's Carabao Cup final triumph against Newcastle United. He has kept 10 clean sheets in 24 Premier League outings this season, continuing the form that saw him named United's Players' Player of the Year for 2021/22. The Carabao Cup was his fifth major trophy as a United player, and he is hungry to achieve more at Old Trafford at the start of the Ten Hag era. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here