Season five of Unforgotten continues this evening (March 13) with the ITV show delving further into the murder of Precious Falade. The case deepens as the victim’s difficult past and troubles come to light, while detective Jessica James (Sinéad Keenan) paid a visit to Lord Anthony Hume (Ian McElhinney). Throughout it all, Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) and Jessie continue to clash. Yes, Faulkner does appear in Unforgotten in the role of a character called Flick, who is featured in the second episode. She was interviewed by detective Karen Wiletts (Pippa Nixon) on her doorstep about squatters living down the road from her. Flick didn’t have a problem with the squatters and said they were later moved on from the property. From the looks of it, this is a small cameo role for Faulkner rather than a recurring part of the show. This isn’t Faulkner’s first acting role with the actress also appearing in EastEnders, New Street Law, Burn It and Murder in Suburbia. Some of her more recent roles have included Waterloo Road, The Girl Before, Murdoch Mysteries and A Confession. According to IMDb, she will next be starring in the TV mini-series Archie which is in post-production. Along with acting, Faulkner is a cook, model and has written books. She was first approached by a scout to become a model when she was a teenager with the stint leading her into acting. Faulkner first appeared in romantic drama film called The Lover and later starred in the TV series Dangerfield. She is married to fellow chef John Torode with the pair exchanging vows in 2019. The couple were together for a while and dated for four years before taking the plunge. The star has a daughter whom she adopted in 2006 with her first husband and actor Chris Coghill. Faulkner and husband Torode host their cookery programme together John And Lisa's Weekend Kitchen. She has often posted about her husband on social media and most recently shared up an update with her 335,000 Instagram followers after Torode receiving a royal honour. Faulkner posted a couple of naps of a beaming Torode and captioned the images: “Just bursting with pride for my husband @johntorodecooks MBE how handsome he is!! DON'T MISS...Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [VIEWER REACTION]Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [INSIGHT]Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [VIDEO] “What a huge achievement and how lovely that The Prince of Wales (my fave) gave him his medal also thank you @bacchanalialdn for the most delicious lunch ps I look@like a proud mum in pic 3 [sic].” The star also posted about working with Torode earlier this year by sharing a sweet snap of the couple together. Alongside the photo, she wrote: “Good morning! Last #johnandlisasweekendkitchen for a little bit but it’s a good one and I really hope you will like it!” Series eight go John & Lisa’s Weekend Kitchen will be airing this spring after the show proved to be a hit. Unforgotten season 5 airs on ITV1 on Mondays at 9pm and is streaming as a boxset on ITVX now