Angry locals have wrecked a business thought to be owned by Curtis Arnold, 34, who made nearly made £1,000 from filming the Nicola Bulley case on TikTok. Mr Arnold filmed police pulling Nicola's body out of the River Wyre for over eight minutes, earning him money in royalties. His video went on the gain nearly one million views on the platform. Throughout the investigation, Arnold had been posting footage on various social media platforms all under the brand "Curtis Media". He even posted footage of a "possible burial site" on January 27 while the search by Lancashire Police was ongoing. But his outlandish coverage has created local enemies who recently sought to get revenge by trashing a hairdressing business, thought to be Mr Arnold's, in Kidderminster, Worcestershire. Pictures of Grade One Barbers show its windows vandalised with graffiti spelling out the word: "N***E!". READ MORE: SNP MP told to apologise over ‘ignorant racial slur' Local journalists found Mr Arnold over the weekend. He denied that he worked for the barbers and claimed the vandalism was "not really fair on the owner". He told Worcester News: "The name of the shop is very well known. I've only been there a short time." On March 2, Express.co.uk found the Grade One Barbers Facebook page and noted how the main contact email included the name, Curtis. Mr Arnold's TikTok page called Nicola Bulley Case, which at one point garnered 13,000 followers, has been removed since he posted the content. Don't miss... Girl claiming to be Madeleine McCann issues DNA test update [LATEST] Mum praised for transforming son into Prince Harry on World Book Day [LATEST] 'I queued an hour to visit Clarkson's farm shop but was underwhelmed' [LATEST] He admitted to journalists he had earned £716.06 from the disgraceful footage at the time but remarked this number is "probably £900 by now but it takes a while to come through". Talking about the grim scene of the body being pulled out of the water, he said: "I couldn't see a thing but I knew my camera would be recording whatever was happening. "It wasn't until I got back to where the mainstream media were gathered that I realised what was on the footage."