 The London Assembly transport committee gathered at a meeting on Tuesday and discussed the potential plans to eventually replace the Congestion Charge and ULEZ schemes with “pay as you drive” in London. This comes as Transport for London aims to fulfil mayor Sadiq Khan’s target for 2041 to slash car journeys.    The Mayor hopes 80 percent of journeys made in Greater London are sustainable by either walking, cycling or public transport by the year 2041. Mr Khan also wants to cut car journeys by 27 percent by the end of this decade. Christina Calderato, TfL's director of transport strategy and policy, confirmed the goal to urge Londoners to seek more sustainable modes of transport. She said: “What we really need to do is move everybody around in a more sustainable way. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry confirm they have been evicted from Frogmore   “That’s a multi-faceted approach, with investment and providing infrastructure for people to make different choices.” She added: “But road user charging can be part of how you use your limited road space that we have in London most effectively.” However, TfL's director recognised the need for an “ongoing dialogue with Londoners”. Any formal plans will go to public consultation, it has been reported. DON'T MISS Russia's 'total collapse surprisingly close' in Ukraine [INSIGHT]Shocking moment teen's car ‘explodes’ during a 100mph police chase [UPDATE]Lewis Hamilton and George Russell set to 'fight each other' in 2023 [REVEAL]  It remains unclear what a “pay as you drive” model might look like, but MyLondon reports it would likely use advanced technology in modern cars “to calculate how far, and when and where, motorists drive.” Information could then be stored and used similarly to pay-as-you-go phone bills. TfL is working in line with the mayor’s strategy to get cars off the roads in the capital. A Mayor of London spokesperson said: “TfL has outlined how one future option could be to abolish existing charges and replace them with a single simpler road user charging scheme which could take into account factors such as local public transport availability, employment and income, but the technology required is still many years away.”  