Molly Rainford, 22, touched BBC viewer's hearts when she appeared on Strictly Come Dancing last year, reaching the final of the show alongside partner Carlos Gu. The presenter has spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the "amazing" opportunities Strictly has given her as well as detailing her sweet motivation behind taking part in the hit dancing show. Molly has been keeping busy since finishing Strictly and is currently working with the Nationwide Building Society and The Diana Award campaign for their Positive Post Box initiative. In a conversation with Express.co.uk, Molly was asked about how she believes Strictly has furthered her career, with her sharing her motivations behind doing the BBC show. She replied: "Strictly is such an amazing platform. One of my motivations to go on the show was to introduce myself to all the parents of kids who have been watching me on CBBC. "It was really important to show the parents who are behind the character and also show the children who are behind the character. READ MORE: Star Trek's William Shatner says 'I don't have long to live' "I hoped to inspire some young people while I was at it and you know, throw yourself into a new challenge. "Strictly is such an amazing platform. It’s something my family has always watched so it was a real honour to be part of the show. "Also, meet all the people I met through the show." Express.co.uk also asked Molly if she found anything on the show harder than she expected. She said: "It’s definitely a lot more intense than I expected. You are training a lot! "But it’s really rewarding and I think that’s why you have so many highs on the show." Molly then admitted that although she saw her "fair share" of dance-offs she didn't let that get in the way of her journey. She continued: "You know, I did have my fair share of dance-offs but I never saw them as a downer on my journey. "I saw them as a bit of motivation to keep enjoying it as you never know when your journey is up! DON'T MISS... Jamie Lee Curtis bursts into tears after backlash over first Oscar win [COMMENT] Megan Fox puts on very busty display at Oscars after party [PICS] Kate Hudson forced to correct Oscars 2023 reporter [HOLLYWOOD] "It was challenging but in the best way possible and if you’re gonna do it Strictly you’ve just got to jump in and do it." This comes as Molly is the latest star to be rumoured to be joining the EastEnders cast. According to The Sun, Molly is set to join a long list of Strictly finalists to go on to "bigger things". A source told the publication: "Molly joins a long line of former finalists who've gone on to bigger things than the competitors who've ultimately triumphed. "But anyone who saw her on Strictly could see the entertainment world was her oyster." Molly could play the daughter of Ray Winstone, who has already been reportedly lined up with a role in TV's Albert Square. This comes as Molly recently visited Cranbrook Primary school alongside Rhys Stephenson to hand deliver children's letters as part of the Positive Postbox campaign. The Positive Post Box initiative sees children writing anonymous letters to other schools, aiming to tackle bullying by spreading positivity and instilling mutual respect. She said of the campaign: "It’s really exciting to hear kids wanting to be a part of something so positive. "Hearing their suggestions and drawings they are going to send to people is so profound and wise at such a young age. "I naturally feel I am quite a positive person so being able to share that with other young people when I was at school would have been great."