Colorectal cancer is the most common cancer across both genders, accounting for nearly 43,000 new cases in the UK each year. The development of the disease involves several complex biological mechanisms. According to various studies, the frequency of bowel movements may have a role in determining a person's risk. Medical experts have long relied on bowel movement frequency and the characteristics of stool as key indicators of intestinal health. Though constipation is often viewed as a harmless condition, it may become problematic if neglected for too long. BioScience Reports warns that "relatively low or high bowel movement frequencies may be associated with colon cancer risk". A body of research published by the journal in 2020, suggested that the frequency of bowel movements may affect a person’s risk of rectal cancer. READ MORE: NHS cancer care crisis laid bare as thousands face 'worst' wait times The study set out to draw a reliable conclusion regarding the relationship between bowel movement frequency and the risk of colon cancer since previous research has yielded inconsistent results. To make a more accurate estimation, researchers collected data from cohort studies up until February 2020, involving a total of 10 studies that included over 1,000,000 participants. The researchers noted: “The pooled results indicated that a bowel movement frequency of less than one per day reduced the risks of colon cancer and rectal cancer, compared with a frequency of once per day." They continued: “Overall, our meta-analysis suggested that a bowel movement frequency of less than one time per day was not associated with the risk of colorectal cancer compared with a frequency of once per day. Don't miss... Football icon Pele dies aged 82 after battle with colon cancer [LATEST] Man, 42, whose legs went numb dies four weeks after cancer diagnosis [LATEST] Low-protein diet 'starves' cancer cells, finds a new study [LATEST] “Compared with a bowel movement frequency of once per day, the frequency of bowel movements did not increase the risk of colon cancer but elevated the risk of rectal cancer." In 2004, the British Journal of Cancer suggested that prolonged intestinal transit time may increase the duration of contact between carcinogens in the stools and the gut walls. In the meta-analysis of 14 studies, researchers found a statistically significant 48 percent increase in the odd ratios for colon cancer in association with constipation. The significantly increased risk of colorectal and colon cancer was found only in subjects who reported bowel movements every six days or less, relative to those reporting daily bowel movements.  “Therefore, we suggest that only highly infrequent bowel movements elevate the risk of colorectal cancer,” noted the researchers. The researchers said at the time that their study was the first to report a “significant association between bowel movement frequency and colorectal cancer risk”. Results showed that “infrequent bowel movements were associated with a significantly increased risk of colorectal cancer and a marginally increased risk of colon cancer in women”. A similar, but less significant association, was found in men. What’s more, the results did not change after adjusting for other potential factors influential on cancer risk. It’s important to note that other findings, including those of the Nurses’ Health Study in the United States, do not support such an association. However, anyone who spots unusual changes in their bowel movement frequency may potentially benefit from getting a cancer screening.