Boris Johnson's speech has appeared to have backfired as Brexiteers have snubbed the former PM's remarks. During a speech at a global soft power summit in Westminster, the former PM revealed he will "find it very difficult" to vote for the agreement his successor but one struck with the EU. But a source close to the European Research Group- which is currently weighing up whether or not to support Mr Sunak's deal - told the Daily Express the speech "doesn't change anything". They accused Mr Johnson of "playing the wind" and "sitting on the fence", after he criticised Rishi Sunak's Brexit deal. The source said the former PM's address was "classic Boris", adding that they were "not surprised at all" that he made the intervention. They continued: "I won't be surprised if he will be looking closely at the ERG's verdict. But I'd hope that's the same for most people". The new deal is expected to reduce friction between the UK and Northern Ireland, mitigating some of the longstanding issues with the Protocol.  The deal removes barriers on trade across the Irish Sea and hands a "veto" to politicians in Stormont on EU law - but it still includes a role for the European Court of Justice. Earlier this week, ERG chairman Mark Francois said Tory Brexiteers will take at least two weeks to scrutinise Mr Sunak's Brexit deal with an "extremely fine-tooth comb". But he warned that the process could take longer as the PM faces an anxious wait to see if Conservative Eurosceptics and the DUP back his agreement. The ERG is convening Sir Bill Cash's so-called "star chamber" of lawyers to examine the pact before deciding whether to get behind it.   Speaking after an ERG meeting attended by around 50 MPs on Tuesday evening, Mr Francois said: "I'm not going to go through everything that everybody raised, but quite a few topics were put forward that we've asked the star chamber to look at so. “One of the implications of that is that, is it is actually going to take a while to do this. This will not be an overnight job. It takes as long as it takes. “I think Sir Bill and his team if they can, would hope to have something within about a fortnight. “But if it takes longer than that, then it takes longer than that.” ERG Deputy Leader David Jones added: “It’s going to take a week or two because it’s a complicated deal.” 