Manchester City are reportedly not planning on punishing Kyle Walker after footage emerged of the right-back appearing to flash in a bar. The England defender was out on Sunday as he celebrated his side’s 2-0 victory over Newcastle United the day before, with Pep Guardiola giving his players the next two days off. CCTV footage allegedly shows Walker spending 90 minutes in a bar on Sunday with a small group of friends. The video, released by The Sun, appears to show the 32-year-old pawing a woman in his group as she responds in a joking manner. Walker then appears to flash a member of the group. Later on, he can be seen kissing a woman while sitting in a booth. He then looked to flash a second time in the bar before leaving the venue with a group of friends. The newspaper reports that his wife Annie was not in the group. The pair got married in 2022. However, it appears Walker will not face any punishment from his club after the players were given two days off by Guardiola. The Athletic reports that the Sky Blues are not intending to hand the England international a fine or suspend him based on what they have seen. Read more... Man Utd stars told to fully refund fans at Anfield for Liverpool loss [LATEST] Walker could yet face a police investigation into the incident with indecent exposure a criminal offence under the Sexual Offences Act 2003. If a person intentionally exposes their genitals and intends that someone will see them and be caused alarm or distress, they would commit indecent exposure under the Sexual Offences Act 2003. Chesire Police have confirmed they are aware of the incident in a statement released to the Athletic but no arrests have been made. It read: “On Wednesday 8 March, Cheshire Police were made aware of a video circulating on social media in relation to an indecent exposure which allegedly occurred in the Wilmslow area. “Enquiries in relation to the incident are in the early stages and no arrests have been made at this time.” Don't miss... Marcus Rashford blasts Man Utd 'nonsense' after Liverpool loss [LATEST] Garnacho has suffered rotten luck after shattering Man Utd ceiling [COMMENT] Erik ten Hag ready to 'cash in on' two Man Utd stars after Liverpool [GOSSIP] Walker joined City from Spurs for around £50million in 2017, at the time becoming one of the most expensive British footballers of all time. He has made 236 appearances for the club. The player has won four Premier League titles during his time at City. He has also played 73 times for England since making his international debut in 2011, featuring at two World Cups and at Euro 2020. Express Sport have contacted Walker's representatives and Man City for comment.