Twitter has stopped working across the world and users are unable to connect. Some users were left wondering if their messages on the social media platform would be published as they encountered glitches in the system.  Twitter user Marc Blank-Settle wrote: "Is Twitter down again? This is what my usually vibrant timeline looks like now. (If it is down, it's fairly pointless posting this, I realise)" User Yukki asked: "Is Twitter down?" User Calvin Klean joked: "Opening Twitter to check if Twitter is down." And user Chae noted: "Twitter is down but we can search for tweets?" READ MORE: Brexit POLL – Do you back Rishi Sunak's deal? The glitch comes as Elon Musk's Twitter cull has continued as 200 employees have been laid off this week despite a promise to stop cuts. The most recent batch of redundancies is reportedly the eighth time the social media company has axed staff since Musk took the reins of Twitter in late October. Twitter announced the cuts last Saturday across multiple engineering teams, US-based tech publication Information confirmed. Cuts will stretch across those supporting advertising technology, the main Twitter app and those working on its technical infrastructure. DON'T MISS:Nicola Sturgeon blow as Brits give brutal verdict on SNP leader [INSIGHT]Brexiteers refuse to be bullied and will scrutinise deal for two weeks [ANALYSIS]Russian kamikaze drones shot down as Putin's deadly stock dwindling [VIDEO] Other redundancies were made last week when Twitter axed employees from its ad sales team. Esther Crawford, a Musk devotee who headed up the relaunch of Twitter Blue, was also among those axed. Musk started his cost-cutting cutbacks in November when 3,700 people were fired after he acquired the social media platform for $44billion. However, the most recent spate of redundancies appears to have gone against comments made by the Space X founder.  The 51-year-old not only claimed layoffs were over but said Twitter was also hiring, the Verge reported in late November. An additional 200 cuts equates to around 10 percent of Twitter's remaining workforce. Musk has been very active on his personal Twitter account in recent days, posting 16 times in the last 24 hours.