With over 500 products included in the sale, Boots shoppers can take advantage of savings on top brands. Having launched today online and in stores, shoppers can browse the discounts and pick up some bargains across skincare, beauty, fragrance and more. Ideal for stocking up on favourite products, purchasing some treats for friends and family, or planning gifts for Mother's Day, it's a great way to save some money. The discounts are available while stocks last, and amongst the many brands included, shoppers can get deals on No7, Benefit and Bare Minerals. There is currently no set end date for the sale, but many of the products are only available while stocks last, so shoppers will need to be quick if they want to take advantage of the discounted prices.  Shop: Boots sale One of the products included in the sale is the No7 Protect & Perfect Intense Advanced Skincare Collection 5-Piece Gift Set, which is worth £117 but shoppers can buy for only £49.50 in the sale. The set comes with five products, an eye cream, serum, day cream, night cream and facial oil, which is everything needed for an anti-ageing skincare regime to help improve the appearance of wrinkles and fine lines. For make-up lovers, there are considerable savings to be made on the Bare Minerals Cozy Chalet Mineralist Eyeshadow Palette, which can be used to create endless eye looks. Reduced from £40 to £26.66, the product is from high-end makeup brand Bare Minerals, and features a range of 12 bold and neutral colours. There are several products reduced in the sale that are ideal for Mother's Day, including the Soap & Glory Home Is Where The Spa Is 13 Piece Gift Set, which is a huge gift set that's ideal for pampering. Boots has slashed the price by 50 percent, and it's now available for £34. For those looking to pick up a Mother's Day treat for a relaxing evening on a budget, the Joules Cosy Night In set features a relaxing bath soak, body souffle, pillow mist, eye mask and slippers, and it's been reduced from £35.50 to £10.50. Boots always have several different offers running simultaneously, and shoppers looking to invest in the Dyson Airwrap can currently get £80 worth of Boots advantage points, when they purchase the hair tool in the Topaz Orange colour. Points earnt could then be spent on products in the Boots sale or across the website.