Liverpool's extraordinary 7-0 home victory over bitter rivals Manchester United surpassed the wildest expectations of even the most loyal of football fan. Jurgen Klopp's team did a demolition job over their nosy neighbours in the biggest statement win of the Premier League season, which may have huge bearing on the top four race. United had the wind viciously knocked from their sails fresh off the back of winning their first piece of silverware under new boss Erik ten Hag, after triumphing over Newcastle in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley. Things were looking very much on the up for United, who knew they were visiting Anfield in the midst of a tumultuous season for Liverpool, who had recently been publicly humbled by Real Madrid in the Champions League. But the tide turned rapidly on Merseyside and Liverpool put together a second half of rip-roaring football to inflict United's biggest ever defeat to their arch enemy. Yet at the final whistle, not a single cheer or chorus of celebration was heard coming from the home dressing room. According to the Daily Mail, who bring inside reports from Liverpool's historic afternoon, the match result was treated as very much routine and now a new side of Klopp has appeared as the season enters its crunch period. The report claims insiders have now observed Klopp enter "combat mode" with an increased verve and desire to ensure the Reds take such a large victory and craft it into a second wind for what remains of the campaign. Klopp's "business as usual" mindset was further solidified by his actions at the final whistle, in which he went over to thank the Kop end but refrained from his usual rendition of air-punches to cement a win. The must-win fixture may have had a jaw-dropping scoreline, but the bigger picture means Liverpool are now only marginally closer to their rivals whom they have trailed all season. Liverpool currently sit in fifth place in the table on 42 points - three shy of fourth placed Tottenham who have played one game more. The Daily Mail report that Liverpool now see their upcoming match with Bournemouth as considerably bigger than United, with Klopp privately conveying behind the scenes that a 7-0 mauling of their rivals will be essentially worthless if points are then dropped against the Cherries. Having now played the same amount of games as United (25), Liverpool currently lie seven points adrift of Ten Hag's side. Saturday's fixture with Bournemouth takes the 12.30pm early kick-off slot, which is something Klopp has on previously occasions bemoaned and noted that victories at such times are tough to come by. Following this, Liverpool travel to Madrid next week for the second leg of their Champions League last 16 showdown, in which they trail 5-2 to the Spanish giants. A 2-0 early lead at Anfield could not have been more of a false dawn for the Reds who - as United did - endured a second half of unthinkable errors to all but surrender the tie. Any comeback against Madrid would undoubtedly match up to the heady heights of Liverpool's European folklore, with a place in the last eight of the competition at stake.