Temperatures will soar across the UK today, with the mercury more than doubling in some parts of the country. The Met Office tweeted a weather map of the sudden jump in temperatures, adding: "Quite a temperature rise over the next 24 hours. Feeling more like spring on Sunday." This is compared to the recent heavy snow and blizzard conditions that have plagued the UK this week. A sudden flurry of snowfall and freezing temperatures left dozens of cars stranded overnight on motorways on Friday morning. However, weather maps suggest a respite from the cold weather will start on Sunday. Temperatures in Scotland could rise from 4C on Saturday to 10C on Sunday. The capital London could see as high as 14C on Sunday - double the 7C maximum temperature on Saturday. JUST IN: UK could see 17C burst in days as Arctic blast makes way for Spring  Elsewhere, the Midlands is forecast to record 13C on Sunday, compared to a maximum of just 5C on Saturday. BBC Chris Fawkes meteorologist backed up the Met Office forecast, telling viewers: "There is still 22cm of snow in Snowdonia, 19cm snow in Leek in Staffordshire Moors. "There will be a few more centimetres of snow to come on Saturday night over the hills. "However, milder air is following and that is what we have on Sunday.  "There will be a significant jump up in temperatures and a significant thaw in that lying snow." "On Sunday, we will start with sunshine but it could turn quite cloudy in the afternoon." He said that temperatures will range between 10C and 14C widely across the country, and it will "feel very mild". Mr Fawkes added: "On Monday morning, temperatures stay well up into double digits. "It will stay mild for most of us. The cold air will be limited to northern Scotland."  DON'T MISS: Wall of snow to blanket half of UK next week as freeze returns in days [FORECAST]Fuel duty hike in Budget would be a massive vote loser for the Tories [POLL]Sadiq Khan is turning London into a hostile environment for drivers [COMMENT]  Monday morning could see 13C in London and 11C in Birmingham. However, he warned that northerly Polar air will return to the UK on Tuesday and bring the risk of more snow on Wednesday. This Arctic air is set to bring the temperature back down into single digits on Tuesday and Wednesday. Despite this, Jason Kelly, chief forecaster at the Met Office, said that the "worst of the snowfall in England is over for now". Meanwhile, temperatures are forecast to reach 30C in Europe as the continent experiences an "abnormal" weekend heatwave. Temperatures are sky-rocketing in southern Spain, as cities like Valencia and Alicante record temperatures 10C above average for March. 