 The actress and her former husband Phil Bronstein adopted their son Roan in 2000 but when they split an arduous custody battle ensued for the then four-year-old. Now, Sharon has opened up on the harrowing time, revealing that losing custody of her son “literally broke my heart”.   Sharon and the American journalist were married from 1998 until 2004 but the couple were unable to conceive as the actress has an autoimmune disease and endometriosis. The actress suffered three miscarriages during their marriage before they adopted Roan Bronstein, now 22 and a budding actor himself. However, when Sharon and Phil split in 2004, a custody battle ensued which Sharon ultimately lost. Phil was awarded primary custody of Roan, with Sharon allowed to visit her son every month. READ MORE: 'Self sabotaging' Prince Harry faces 'royal exile as he ruins relationship with William'  At the time the actress chose to keep the reason for losing the battle private due to a confidentiality agreement and out of respect for her toddler son. However, Sharon has now broken her silence over the heartwrenching court battle, appearing on the Table for Two with Bruce Bozzi podcast. The actress recalled the judge in the custody case questioning her young son: “Do you know your mother makes sex movies?" referring to her raunchy role in 1992 hit Basic Instinct. Sharon claimed it was a “kind of abuse by the system” and that the courts judged her potential parenting skills because of the film.  She added: “People are walking around with no clothes on at all on regular TV now and you saw maybe a sixteenth of a second of possible nudity of me and I lost custody of my child.” The Casino star also revealed that after losing custody, she found herself in the Mayo Clinic “with extra heartbeats”. She emotionally added: “It broke my heart. It literally broke my heart.” In her 2021 memoir, The Beauty of Living Twice, Sharon shared the severe extent of damage the loss had on her physical and mental health. Don't miss... Amanda Holden suffers unfortunate wardrobe mishap [LATEST] Piers Morgan takes swipe at Meghan Markle as he thanks her for award [LATEST] Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [LATEST]  The actress admitted that she “couldn’t function” and was unable to “get up” so just slept “every afternoon”. Sharon later found out she also had a prolapsed valve and was diagnosed with anorexia. She wrote: “I had stopped eating and fallen apart and hadn’t even noticed. I had just laid down and given up.” Following the divorce, Sharon adopted her other two sons, Laird, 17, and Quinn, 16 and would continue fighting for custody of Roan for over a decade.  She added in her memoir: “I played a very long, very difficult game of custody chess in an effort to get him everything I could for his health and well-being. “Now my home and my family are complete and I am able to re-find success in the rest of my life. “My heart is also complete.” Roan has now entered the acting industry himself starring in the 2023 film What About Love alongside his famous mum.