Claimants can get a regular sum of money to cover the additional costs that arise from having their disability via the DWP. However, people only qualify for certain disability DWP benefits, like PIP, depending on their age and situation. In England, there are different benefit payments which disabled people can claim from the DWP. The primary payments include the following: Those who look after a person with a disability may be able to receive Carer’s Allowance to help cover their expenses. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance This particular payment is for Britons with disabilities who are of working age, with money going towards covering the financial costs that arise from their condition. PIP is split into two separate parts: a daily living component which goes towards everyday costs and a mobility component covering travel expenses. Both components have a higher and lower rate which are awarded depending on the severity of someone’s condition or how their disability affects them. As it stands, PIP’s daily living component comes to a lower weekly rate of £61.85 and a higher rate of £92.40. The mobility part of the disability payment pays £24.45 a week for the lower rate and £64.50 for the higher rate. It is possible for someone to claim both components. An individual on the higher rate of the daily living and mobility parts of PIP would claim £159.60 a week. Unlike PIP, this DWP payment is reserved for individuals with a disability who are of state pension age. However, similar to PIP, Attendance Allowance is paid at two different rates: one higher and the other lower.  READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The amount of money someone gets from the DWP depends on how their disability affects their financial situation. Older Britons will be able to get £92.40 a week if they are eligible for the higher amount or £61.85 if they are entitled to the lower rate. Disability Living Allowance is a tax-free DWP benefit for disabled people which is paid monthly. However, this particular disability scheme is being gradually replaced by PIP and other means of support. While it is not possible to make a new claim for this payment, many Britons are still in receipt of it. The allowance is paid across three different rates, highest, middle and lowest, with any money being handed out depending on how much a support claimant needs. Someone on the highest rate would need constant assistance day and night so would get £92.40. In comparison, the middle rate for DLW comes to a weekly amount of £61.85 with the lower rate being £24.45.