Arsenal players appeared in the Craven Cottage dressing room alongside a giant clock on Sunday as they celebrated their 3-0 Premier League win over Fulham. The Gunners’ victory saw them restore their five-point advantage over Manchester City at the top of the table. And Arsenal fans have come up with a brilliant theory about the clock celebration. The image of Arsenal players and staff posing with the clock was posted to Oleksandr Zinchenko’s Instagram page in the wake of the north Londoners’ latest victory. The big hand of the clock was pointing at the 11, with the small hand fixed on the two. And the post had received over 245,000 likes by Monday morning. One fan noelmickedy replied, “11 games 2 go?” as he tried to work out whether there was a hidden message. Rasmussalomaa wrote: “11 games to 14th title I’m guessing. 2 is 14:00.” And itzsamkele penned: “11 games 2 months to glory.” Meanwhile, just1n_c0tr3r had a different theory as he hypothesised: “I read it as 5 to 2 as in 2nd is 5 points to us.” And lilyute simply wrote: “You lot are geniuses.” Must read... Man Utd make decision on Pellistri future as Greenwood latest emerges [LATEST] Arsenal were in imperious form across the capital and opened the scoring against the Cottagers midway through the first half as Gabriel headed in Leandro Trossard’s corner. Trossard turned provider once against five minutes later as he teed-up Gabriel Martinelli for Arsenal’s second, with Martin Odegaard killing off the contest in stoppage time at the end of the first half as he kept his cool in the box following another Trossard assist. The Gunners have now won 21 of their 27 Premier League matches this season and have scored 62 goals in the process. And they will now be targeting their first Premier League title since 2004.    Don't miss... Arsenal £88m summer target Dusan Vlahovic urged to 'keep calm' [QUOTES] Thomas Partey magic shows Arsenal are ready to claim title [SPOTTED] Liverpool dealt Jude Bellingham blow as Real Madrid 'meeting' held [LATEST] Following a temporary blip last month, where the Gunners lost to Everton and Manchester City either side of a draw against Brentford, manager Mikel Arteta has gone on to lead his team to four consecutive top-flight victories. And after the triumph against Marco Silva’s side, Arteta said: “I'm really happy to win and get three points away from home, especially with a clean sheet. “We had a goal disallowed and psychologically we overcame that. It's great to see the goals distributed through the team. Leandro laid on three assists and could also have scored today too. Every time we put the ball in the net it's great. We practice lots of things and today scored beautiful goals.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY.  Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 