The No 7 shirt at Manchester United is currently up for grabs. Cristiano Ronaldo was the last occupant, with the Portugal international wearing it prior to his sudden departure back in November. And Jadon Sancho and Alejandro Garnacho are two members of the current squad who could be in line for a numeral promotion come the end of the campaign. The No 7 is a special one at Manchester United. It was the jersey worn by George Best in the 1960s, with the forward going on to establish himself as one of the best players in the Red Devils’ entire history. Eric Cantona took it on during the years where Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost, with David Beckham and Ronaldo also becoming Old Trafford icons. Right now, however, it’s vacant. And though it may be being reserved for a big summer signing, it’s still possible Erik ten Hag will choose to promote from within when it comes to the honour. Now, Express Sport takes a look at three players who could wear the No 7 shirt - with two of them signed by former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Sancho actually thought he’d be able to obtain the No 7 shirt upon moving from Borussia Dortmund in 2021. In the end, that didn’t happen with Edinson Cavani refusing to give the jersey up. United had reserved the number 12 months previously but, with Sancho staying at Borussia Dortmund at the time, that enabled Cavani to take it instead. The England international has had some low moments this term yet now appears to be a key player for Erik ten Hag once again. Therefore, it’s not impossible to see Sancho getting the number he craves the most - providing he can continue to impress by the end of the season. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Alejandro Garnacho is a special talent. Solskjaer signed the forward from Atletico Madrid in 2020, with the teenager then making his debut under Ralf Rangnick last season. Garnacho is a huge talent for the future, something he’s shown on numerous occasions under Ten Hag this term. And given how much he idolises Ronaldo, following in the footsteps of his former team-mate could inspire him to greatness. Garnacho certainly deserves a promotion on his current No 49 shirt, with the Argentine’s career on a huge upwards trajectory. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Solskjaer didn’t sign Antony. Instead, Ten Hag did back in the summer. However, the Brazil international could be another future occupant - especially if United land Frenkie de Jong. The Red Devils remain keen on the Barcelona star, despite missing out last summer, and are poised to pursue his signature again come the end of the season. If De Jong moved to England, the No 21 shirt he favours could be passed on to him. Antony would then, in turn, get the No 7. It could even be the confidence boost the forward needs to truly kick on and justify his massive £86million price tag. While United have had some legends don the No 7 shirt, not everybody has excelled with it on their back. Antonio Valencia felt burdened by the responsibility, reverting back to his preferred No 25 kit back in 2013. Angel Di Maria started brightly but faded into obscurity under Louis van Gaal. And the less said about Alexis Sanchez, who netted just five times in total while earning around £400,000-a-week, the better. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE