A customer was shocked to find a car key in her order from a fast fashion brand as people branded the mixup "dirty". Callie Doyle, from Larbert, Scotland, took to Twitter to share her new purchase and the surprise bonus thrown into the pocket. Callie wrote: "Just received an order from @OfficialPLT and someone’s car key is actually in the pocket. 1. Someone’s clearly had this on? And 2. They haven’t even opened the return to check for anything, jacket could’ve been damaged or anything." The Black Motorcross Zip Through Bomber Jacket costs £52 on the PLT website. One user joked: "Look outside in case you received a free car with it?" Another said: "That’s so dirty but you’ve basically been gifted a car. You just need to go around the whole of the UK to find it." A third added: "I received a dress this morning with stains all over it." But there are hopes that the key might be reunited with the owner, as Bristol Audi commented: "It looks like this key might be for a car bought from us at Bristol Audi. If the key is returned to us we would love to help get it back to the owner of the car." This isn't the first time that PLT has been in hot water over customer returns, with one customer claiming she found "blood" on a brand new thong she had ordered from the brand. The TikTok user said the blood "wasn't mine" after opening up the parcel. And in a similar incident, another customer claimed she also found "blood" in the crotch of "new" jeans she had ordered from the site. READ MORE: Internet is stunned at 98-year old woman who has over 600 decedents  Jade Brown, from Nottingham, tried on the £30 size 10 mom jeans when they arrived earlier this month only to discover a red stain on the crotch as she glanced in the mirror. She was left mortified when she discovered the dried-up blood stain. A PrettyLittleThing spokesman said at the time: "We are appalled that Jade has received her garments in this way which is not up to our usual standards. Our customer service team are in direct communication with Jade to try and resolve the matter as well as launching a full investigation into how this has happened." PrettyLittleThing has been contacted for comment. 