Paris Saint-Germain ace Neymar has been ruled out for the rest of the season after his club revealed that he would undergo ankle surgery. The Brazil international has endured years of problems with his right ankle, with the forward struggling to discover his best form with the Ligue 1 side. His woes in France could even be brought to an end in the summer if PSG allow him to leave on the cheap in an attempt to reduce their wage bill. Express Sport takes a look at five clubs who could sign the 31-year-old at the end of the campaign. Chelsea Premier League giants Chelsea have been anything but reserved in the transfer market since Todd Boehly bought the club last year. And the American could decide to bring in Neymar in an attempt to resurrect his team’s ailing fortunes in front of goal. The Blues have scored just 24 goals in 25 Premier League matches this campaign. And the prolific Neymar, who has bagged 118 goals in 173 appearances for PSG, could be the answer to Boehly’s problems. Newcastle Another Premier League club who would be keen to get their hands on the blockbuster winger is high-flying Newcastle. The Magpies were taken over by a Saudi-led consortium in 2021 and would easily be able to afford the prodigious wages Neymar would likely demand. Read more... Chelsea have second Liverpool issue as Gvardiol 'held talks' with Reds [LATEST] Newcastle have experienced their own goalscoring issues in recent weeks and have found the back of the net just three times in their last eight top-flight matches. But if they could prise Neymar away from Paris, Eddie Howe would have an A-list goalscorer who could help take the club to the next level. Barcelona Neymar spent four successful seasons at Barcelona between 2013 and 2017 as he helped the club win the Champions League as well as two La Liga titles. And a return to the Nou Camp could certainly be on the cards. Neymar enjoyed his finest days while he was playing for Barca and was hugely popular among the club’s fans before he ditched the club. So signing for his former employers could give the forward the motivation he needs to star at the top of the game for years to come.     Don't miss... Blackpool fan dies after brawl broke out following Burnley match [LATEST] Football LIVE - Fernandes escapes FA probe, Man Utd flops speak out [LATEST] Chelsea told they've already found their next Thiago Silva [LATEST] Bayern Munich Neymar may want to challenge himself in a new league and could head to Germany to play for Bayern Munich, where he would almost certainly be guaranteed domestic silverware every season. Bayern's level has dropped this season and they may see signing Neymar as a way to restore themselves as Germany's dominant force. His Bundesliga minutes could be managed to ensure he can keep playing for many years to come. And he would be in with a chance of winning another Champions League trophy at a club who have pedigree in the competition. Al-Nassr Perhaps Neymar feels as if he’s given all he can give at the top of the game in Europe. And he could even decide that the time is right to join Cristiano Ronaldo at Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia. While the quality of football may not be as high as he is used to, his wages could be even bigger than Ronaldo’s. And a move to the Middle East would give the ace an opportunity to become one of the richest footballers to have ever walked the earth. 