Prince Harry has shared personal details about his childhood, stating he always “felt slightly different” to the rest of the Royal Family. Unearthing such details while speaking with a trauma expert, the 38-year-old Duke went on to tell Dr Gabor Maté he knew his mother, the late Princess Diana, felt the same way.   Harry revealed he felt he grew up in a “broken home” and said he was trying not to pass “trauma” onto his son and daughter. The Duke's comments come after his controversial memoir 'Spare' hit shelves in January where he outlined his complicated relationships with father King Charles, and brother Prince William. Harry told the expert: “I certainly have felt throughout my life, my younger years, I felt slightly different to the rest of my family. “I felt strange being in this container, and I know that my mum felt the same so it makes sense to me.”   Harry went on to credit his wife Meghan Markle for having “saved” him, describing her as “an exceptional human being”. He told Maté, author of The Myth of Normal: Trauma, Illness, and Healing in a Toxic Culture: “I was stuck in this world, and she was from a different world and helped draw me out of that. My wife saved me. “But none of the elements of my life now would have been possible without me seeing it for myself. “My partner is an exceptional human being and I'm eternally grateful for the wisdom and the space that she has been able to give me.” READ MORE: Prince Louis' adorable request for mum Kate every day after school   Harry, who quit royal life with Meghan and moved across the pond in 2020, laid bare how he chose to raise his two children, three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet. He said: “I feel a huge responsibility not to pass on any trauma or negative experiences that I've had as a kid or as a man growing up. “There are times when I catch myself when I should be smothering them with that love but I might not be.” He added that together with Meghan, they were trying to learn “from our own past and overlapping those mistakes, perhaps, and growing to break that cycle”. DON'T MISSPolice hunt fans after brawl leaves man fighting for his life [UPDATE]IndyCar race red flagged after horror crash sends driver airborne [REVEAL]EU chief says privately that new Brexit deal fails to 'regain control' [INSIGHT] 