Donald Trump is getting ready to publish numerous private letters from world leaders and celebrities including Kim Jong-Un, Princess Diana and Oprah in a new book coming out next month. Titled Letters to Trump, the book will also include letters from several former US presidents. In a letter from Oprah Winfrey, written after Trump sent her an excerpt from his book The America we Deserve published in 2000, speaks about the pair running for president together. In the excerpt, the former president wrote that his first choice for Vice President would be Oprah Winfrey. He wrote: "Americans respect and admire Oprah for her intelligence and caring. "She has provided inspiration for millions of women to improve their lives, go back to school, learn to read, and take responsibility for themselves. If I can't get Oprah, I'd like someone like her."  The TV megastar reportedly replied with a letter, saying Trump's words had made her "weepy". She wrote to the former president: "I have to tell you your comments made me a little weepy. It's one thing to try and live a life of integrity - still another to have people like yourself notice." Trump briefly launched a run for the White House in 2000 in affiliation with Ross Perot's once-insurgent Reform Party. The new book will be published by Winning Publishing Team, who last year published Trump's coffee table photo book Our Journey Together. That book grossed $20 million in the two months following its debut.  READ MORE: A TikTok star adopted nine boys, he's now been charged with sex abuse Letters from former presidents, royals and celebrities including Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, Bill Clinton, Princess Diana, Hillary Clinton, Kim Jong-un, Mario Cuomo, Arnold Palmer, Jay Leno and many others will also feature in the book. Winning Publishing Team calls it a "colourful photo book [which] captures the incredible, and oftentimes private correspondence, between President Donald J. Trump and some of the biggest names in history throughout the past 40 years". The book will be released April 25 but can be pre-ordered from the company's website for $99 (£84) or a "original signed bookplate edition" for $399. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 