Sarah Ferguson has opened up about her relationship with Queen Elizabeth, calling the late monarch her "total idol". In a revealing chat, the Duchess praised the Queen's ability to put people at ease and her "incredible faith", adding that she believes Her Majesty's beloved corgis can still feel her presence. Speaking to PEOPLE magazine Fergie said of being with the Queen: "She put you at ease straight away. . . because it's terrifying, you know? "I used to sit there for hours thinking, 'Oh my gosh, this is somebody's lifetime dream to have an audience with the Queen, and I'm sitting having a cup of tea'. "She was so brilliant at putting you at ease. She had the most incredible faith of any single person I've ever met. "She just knew what to do. She knew how to make people feel good. She never took it onboard as about her. It's about the monarchy, about making someone feel good. She was my total idol." In spite of her divorce from Prince Andrew in 1996, with whom she shares daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, Fergie has remained fiercely loyal to the Firm. She even still lives with her ex-husband at Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park, on the Crown Estate. Her and Andrew now take care of the Queen's two surviving corgis, Sandy and Muick, who were gifted to the Queen by the York family. READ MORE: Charles fell into 'political trap' with Brexit meeting at Windsor She said of caring for the dogs: "They are national icons, so every time they run chasing a squirrel, I panic. "But they're total joys, and I always think that when they bark at nothing, and there's no squirrels in sight, I believe it's because the Queen is passing by." The corgis made headlines last September when they were pictured waiting in the quadrangle at Windsor Castle as the Queen's funeral procession arrived. DON'T MISS:Frogmore Cottage, the hideaway long used to shelter embattled royals [LATEST]Sussexes fiercely defended over ‘cruel’ Frogmore eviction [INSIGHT]Archie and Lilibet now ‘highly unlikely’ to receive royal titles [REVEAL] Fergie is currently on the promotional trail for her new book A Most Intriguing Lady, which is published on March 7. Her historical fiction novels aim to give a voice to "invisible women" in history, and draw on some of the author's own experiences of royal life. The Duchess said that if she were to talk to Queen Elizabeth today, she would "tell her about the magnolia trees in the garden, because she loved that, and the primroses on the banks of Windsor, and the snowdrops. "She would love that her doggies were walking wherever she walked before."