Jon Jones returns to the UFC Octagon for the first time in three years to face former UFC interim heavyweight champion Ciryl Gane for the undisputed strap. This will be Jones’ first fight at 265lb after clearing up at light-heavyweight. The UFC heavyweight belt became vacant after former title holder Francis Ngannou chose to part ways with the MMA giants. As a result, Gane, who lost to Ngannou last time out, has been booked in to face Jones in a blockbuster showdown at UFC 285. On the same card, Valentina Shevchenko defends her flyweight title against No 6 125lber Alexa Grasso while Cody Garbrandt, Geoff Neal and Derek Brunson also feature. Fight times/live stream Jones and Gane will make their cage walks in the early hours of Sunday morning at around 5.30am UK time. The prelim action is set to start at midnight for UK fans with the main card getting underway from 3am. As always, British punters can watch all the prelims and main card on BT Sport 1. Their coverage starts at 1am. BT Sport subscribers can live-stream the event via the broadcaster’s app and website on all good internet-connected devices including smart TVs, mobile phones and laptops. Full card Jon Jones vs Ciryl Gane - for vacant UFC heavyweight title Valentina Shevchenko vs Alexa Grasso - for Shevchenko’s UFC flyweight title Geoff Neal vs Shavkat Rakhmonov Mateusz Gamrot vs Jalin Turner Jamie Pickett vs Bo Nickal Cody Garbrandt vs Trevin Jones Derek Brunson vs Dricus Du Plessis Viviane Araujo vs Amanda Ribas Julian Marquez vs Marc-Andre Barriault Ian Machado Garry vs Kenan Song Mana Martinez vs Cameron Saaiman Jessica Penne vs Tabatha Ricci Farid Basharat vs Da’Mon Blackshear Loik Radzhabov vs Estaban Ribovics MORE BOXING NEWS... Froch makes proposal to Jake and Logan Paul after YouTuber clash Wilder gives clear answer on Hearn link up to help make Joshua fight Paul's new £207,000 tattoo mysteriously disappears before Fury loss Quotes Jones: “If I go out there and stand in front of him, let him get into his rhythm, I’m sure he has bad intentions. I won’t be lulled to sleep by him. It’s great to be here, it’s just a sport, life goes on if I win or lose’. I feel like I fight from somewhere a little bit different. There’s a dog inside of me. “His coach said ‘For the Tai Tuivasa fight, we were focused on bringing out Ciryl’s dog’, and I don’t feel like that’s something your coach should have to teach you about being a dog. Either you have it, or you don’t. I know I’m a dog at the end of the day, that lion in me – a vicious warrior inside of me. It’s who I am, and losing isn’t an option.” Gane: “Everybody knows the level of wrestling of Jon Jones, but I’m focused on that. I’m focused on it, so we worked on it. We’re going to be ready for him.”