A bartender, Jemima June, has shared a video making an example of a customer who repeatedly asked for more ice in their drink. The bartender from Nashville shares videos with her 993.9K followers on her TikTok account @jemimajune_. In this one, the customer asks for a tequila cranberry with no ice. While Jemima makes his drink he repeats "no ice" and does so again when he is handing her the drink. Jemima says: "There's no ice in that. Do you want a double tequila cranberry?" She then adds: "Just because you say 'no ice' doesn't mean you're going to get more alcohol. Double means you're going to get more alcohol." Bartenders in the comments claimed customers ask for less ice hoping they will get more liquor, backing the bartender for being forthcoming. But some have accused the bartender of being rude. A number were confused at the bartender's attitude, stating they just don't like ice in their drinks and don't understand the problem. READ MORE: 'I'm 52 and I date men in their 20s for sex - I've been banned from Tinder four times' One said: "Is this why bartenders look at me funny when I say no ice? I just get cold easily. I'm not trying to scam anyone." Another said: "I don't like ice on my drinks because I sip it and I don't like the ice melting and watering down my drink." One wrote, "Lol when you literally just don’t want ur drink getting watery," and another said, "You do realize some people like a drink without ice." "Ok but sometimes we just want more drink, not more alcohol, so we don’t finish our mainly cup of ice in five seconds," another wrote. Don't miss... 'Marrying my stepdad was the best decision I’ve ever made' [REAL LIFE] 'My 11-year-old daughter came back from a sleepover with 10 piercings' [FURY] Man accuses woman of catfishing him - but he was the catfish [DATING] Many, though, saw Jemima's point. One wrote: "Us bartenders know exactly what no ice means. You knew instantly your face you’re like okay no ice got it." Another said: "As a bartender in a HIGH VOLUME setting this is not even being rude. It gets frustrating being yelled at when you are doing what they ask." One wrote: "As a bartender, I just make their drink. If they want more alcohol I just let them know it’ll be charged as a double, no lecture needed." "People in these comments clearly order no ice expecting more alcohol yikes," another said.