The former acting commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has been referred to the police watchdog over allegations he described the "bulk" of rape complaints as "regretful sex". The allegation is said to have taken place in a meeting in January 2022 between senior officers to discuss a review into rape prosecutions as part of Operation Soteria Bluestone, aimed at increasing the number of rape cases that make it to court. Professor Betsy Stanko, an advisor to the Home Office appointed to conduct the review, made the allegation in an interview with Channel 4 News. Sir Stephen, who retired as a serving officer last year, has denied the claims, saying they are not words he has "ever used in relation to rape or sexual assault". Making the complaint, Professor Stanko said she felt as though he was "trying to minimise" the problem and was "not taking it seriously". She said: "The only way I understand the term regretful sex – and it was said by officers elsewhere, in the other forces that we visited and researched – it is something about the victim. "Again, the victim is mistaken. That fault line of forcible sex, which is rape, was not crossed because it must have been confusion. "The problem was about confusion, not about the facts or the evidence that could have been collected if one was trying to investigate a rape." an advisor to the Home Office appointed to conduct the review  Sir Steve, who was number two in the force when the alleged comments were made said he found the phrase "abhorrent". Deputy Commissioner Lynne Owens confirmed Sir Stephen has been referred to the watchdog saying: "Having been made aware of an allegation that the comments were made by a senior Metropolitan Police officer, we are referring the matter to the Independent Office for Police Conduct." READ MORE: Constance Marten's baby could have been dead for two weeks Responding to the claims in a statement, Sir Steve said: "I have dedicated over four decades of public service to protecting the public from predatory offenders. "I categorically deny using the phrase ‘regretful sex’. These are not words I have ever used in relation to rape or sexual assault and the reason I am so certain that I did not say this is because I simply do not believe it; I find the phrase abhorrent. "I find this characterisation of me to be deeply upsetting, and colleagues who know me know how untrue it is." A Home Office spokesman said: "Rape and sexual offences are among the most traumatic of crimes, and it is vital that victims know they will be taken seriously and their allegations investigated thoroughly. "Now it has been referred to the IOPC, the Home Secretary has agreed with National Police Chiefs’ Council chair Martin Hewitt that Sir Stephen House steps back from the review into the productivity of policing." It comes after a turbulent few months for the Metropolitan Police as Baroness Louise Casey conducts a major review of the Met’s culture.