Constance Marten blew her lover Mark Gordon a kiss in court today as they saw each other for the first time since the remains of a baby were found near where they were arrested. The pair appeared at Crawley Magistrates' Court accused of three charges - including concealing the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice.  The court heard that the baby was found in a plastic bag under some nappies in an allotment shed in Brighton. And during the hearing it was revealed the baby's name was Victoria, as a charge that they "unlawfully killed baby Victoria" was read out. Marten, 35, and Gordon, 48, spoke only to confirm their names, dates of birth and that they were of no fixed abode at the hearing in a packed courtroom. Gordon wore a grey jumper over his head throughout the hearing.  The aristocrat and her partner were charged with the offences yesterday after the remains of the infant were found on Wednesday afternoon. The grim discovery came after a major two-day search operation involving around 200 police officers. They will both appear at the Old Bailey on March 31. Marten and Gordon were arrested in Stanmer Villas in Brighton on Monday after police had been trying to establish their whereabouts over the course of several weeks. A post-mortem examination to find out how the baby died is due to take place this afternoon.    Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford, from the Metropolitan Police, previously said officers have been unable to determine the baby's gender. The case was referred to the police watchdog by the force, and the Independent Office for Police Conduct said in a statement that it is "currently assessing the referral to determine what, if any, further action is required from us". Remanding Marten and Gordon into custody, chairwoman of the bench of magistrates Carol Lintott said: "You are both here today... on charges of manslaughter, concealment of the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice. "We are sending the case to the crown court sitting at the Old Bailey. "We are remanding you in custody until that time." 