Crown Princess Mary and Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark are on a royal tour in India. The Danish royal couple is visiting a Danish business delegation representing 36 companies. Crown Princess Mary stepped out wearing her Max Mara suit with a Max Mara top and her Malone Souliers pumps in India today. Mary opted for the Max Mara "Lontra linen blazer", which is a new purchase for the Crown Princess who has not worn this item before. This blazer costs a whopping £694 and is described as: "Look to Max Mara for sophisticated wardrobe staples, such as this brown linen Lontra blazer. "Made in Italy, it's shaped to a double-breasted silhouette with bust-line darts and a flattering slim-fitting waist, then accented with peak lapels and welt pockets." READ MORE: Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests  The Crown Princess matched her blazer with her Max Mara "Patroni linen-twill wide-leg trousers", which she previously wore in May 2022. Unfortunately, these wide-legged trousers with two front slant pockets and a high-rise cut are no longer in stock. Continuing with the Max Mara theme, Mary wore a brand new Max Mara "linen wrap top", which is now all sold out. Its description says: "Made from airy linen in a flattering wrap silhouette, this top is trimmed with contrasting chocolate piping and lined in soft stretch cotton for opacity."  For footwear, Mary wore her Malone Souliers "Maureen pumps in khaki/truffle". The Crown Princess last wore these shoes in September 2022. Their description says: "The style has a pointed toe, stretchable double arch straps and a closed back, all of which adds an additional support and ensures a comfortable fit." Crown Princess Mary wore very poignant choices of jewellery today in India. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home  She opted for a "Medallion Necklace - 18K with Diamonds" from Julie Sandlau which featured the initials of all four of her children: Prince Christian, Princess Isabella, Princess Josephine and Prince Vincent. This necklace costs a whopping €2,100, or roughly £1,866 in British Sterling. The description for this necklace says: "The Fine Jewellery collection expresses Julie Sandlau's exclusive style with an elegant, sophisticated and timeless design. "Necklace in 18-carat gold measures 50cm and is 1.3mm in thickness.    "The pendant in 18-carat gold has a ring of 30 Top Wesselton diamonds with a total carat of 0.15. The pendant measures 1.2cm x 1.4cm. "You can freely choose letters or numbers for engraving, and it is also possible to send a file with the desired monogram or motif."  Finally, the Crown Princess opted for her £390 Halberstadt 18K gold petite letter necklace with the initial "F", for her husband Frederik. Its description says: "Petite Letter Necklace F is a necklace with your or a loved one’s initials. The diamonds have a total weight of 0.06ct. The necklace is available in 18K gold and 18K white gold at the same price."  