Arsenal are reportedly set to be investigated by the FA for their celebrations following Reiss Nelson's last minute winner against Bournemouth. The Emirates broke out into a state of euphoria after the Englishman's shot hit the net with substitutions coming out to the pitch to celebrate with teammates as they maintained their five-point lead at the top of the Premier League. Arsenal looked to be in severe trouble at home to relegation strugglers Bournemouth with the Cherries taking a two-goal lead through strikes from Philip Billing and Marcos Senesi. However, the Gunners launched a sensational comeback with goals from unlikely trio Thomas Partey, Ben White and Nelson salvaging the three points. The 23-year-old struck in the 97th minute sparking wild scenes within the stadium. Many substitutes could not contain themselves as they entered the playing surface while Mikel Arteta ran down the touchline. The celebrations have been included in Chris Kavanagh's report of the game and Football London states that the FA are now investigating them. It is not clear if the club will receive any sanction but there are laws against encroaching the pitch when not involved. Fans also entered the pitch as the Emirates erupted but this is not believed to be the focus of the investigation which will instead revolve around playing staff and substitutes. READ MORE: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans  The IFAB Laws of the Game dictate that those in the technical area "must behave in a responsible manner" and "must remain within its confines except in special circumstances, e.g. a physiotherapist/doctor entering the field of play, with the referee’s permission, to assess an injured player." Jurgen Klopp received an £8,000 fine in 2018 after he raced onto the Anfield turf to celebrate Divock Origi's last-minute winner against Everton with goalkeeper Alisson. News of the investigation is unlikely to be well-received by Arsenal fans, who may feel their side have been harshly treated. The club have already received two FA punishments this season after their goalless draw with Newcastle at the Emirates when Arteta berated officials and again when players surrounded the referee in January's FA Cup tie against Oxford.  Don't miss... Ian Wright 'threatened to walk off MOTD studio' in Arsenal comeback [REACTION ] Arsenal star Jorginho displays leadership in last-gasp Bournemouth win [COMMENT] Nelson may have spared Odegaard from rollocking after Arsenal heroics [ANALYSIS] Arteta could barely describe the state of euphoria he felt after the match as he discussed his feelings when Nelson's goal went in. "You lose sight of where you are," he explained. "I started to run and I didn't really know where I was running to. "Then I saw a kid next to me. I gave him to security. Just looking at the faces of everybody... with those smiles, that joy in their eyes. It's great to live." 