Prince Harry and Prince William may be reunited sooner than expected due to a family loss. The aunt of Princess Diana, Mary Cynthia Roche, died aged 88 "peacefully at home" on March 3, it was announced. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Ms Roche was the sister of Frances Shand Kydd, the mother of the late Princess of Wales, and was known to have a good relationship with her niece. It hasn't been shared yet when the funeral will take place, but the Duke of Sussex and Prince of Wales may want to pay their respects to their great-aunt. If Prince Harry does decide to travel back to the UK for the funeral and William also attends it, this will be the first time the brothers come together since the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II in September. The relationship between the heir to the throne and his younger sibling is believed to have further broken down following the publication of Harry's memoir, Spare. The book included a number of allegations and criticism against William among other members of the Royal Family. If, on the other hand, one or either sibling misses the funeral of their great-aunt, the next likely occasion for them to meet in person will be the Coronation of King Charles in May. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed the pair did receive an invite from the King's office, but declined to say for the time being whether the pair will accept it. William and Harry's great-aunt said to have noticed how unhappy Diana had appeared at a pre-wedding reception held at Buckingham Palace in 1981. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's one-word reply when asked about first meeting Kate While she knew her niece was "very natural and prone to giggles", Ms Roche said upon recalling that reception: "I just remember her being unhappy at that reception." Ms Roche also suggested one of the reasons why the union between Charles and Diana did not work out was the difference separating the pair. She said: "They were at very different stages of development. Diana was young and had limited life experience, and Prince Charles was already a great thinker. He read a great deal. They were, perhaps, different people." Ms Roche's family was closely linked with the Firm. Her father Maurice Roche, the 4th Lord Fermoy, was a friend of King George VI. Don't miss... Meghan and Harry under fire as couple deemed 'difficult to work for' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [REPORT] Her mother Ruth, Baroness Fermoy, was a confidante and lady-in-waiting to the Queen Mother. Ms Roche's life was dotted with personal losses, with her first husband, Tory MP Sir Anthony Berry, being one of the victims in the 1984 Brighton hotel bombing. Her niece Diana died 13 years later in a car crash in Paris. And in 2004, Ms Roche's younger sister Frances died aged 68. Ms Roche leaves behind a son, Edward, and three daughters, Alexandra, Antonia and Joanna.