Menna Barlow Morrison is a 22 -year-old woman who has become the fourth wife of Abel Morrison, star of the controversial ‘Three Wives, One Husband’ documentary. The show followed Abel’s life as a polygamist who has married multiple women and is part of a fundamentalist Mormon community. Menna Barlow Morrison lives at Rockland Ranch in Utah alongside her husband, his three other wives Suzie Beth and Marina and their 15 children. She and her husband Abel began dating when she was 18 years old in 2018 and they met as part of their religious community. The couple then married after a year and a half and Menna had her son, Oliver, in April 2022. In an interview with the Mirror, Menna has spoken about the challenges she has faced as a fourth wife, and how people outside of her community have judged her lifestyle. She said: "The greatest challenge is the most obvious: sharing your husband. It's hard to know that you're not the only woman in his life. "Life would definitely be easier with no sister-wives, but I know that this is what Heavenly Father requires.” READ MORE: 'My parents made a typo on my birth certificate' Rockland Ranch practices polygamy, which is the practice of a man being able to wed multiple wives, but it is no longer a principle upheld by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Menna has spoken out about the judgement she receives from outside her community due to being a fourth wife. She said: "Some think we're forced into this way of living, which is NOT true; no one in our circles is forced into plural marriage "I wish more people understood that we choose to live this way, and we are happy. We try and overcome our humanly struggles, learn to share, and have many children. Every plural marriage in our public fundamentalist circles is consensual." Don't miss... Newly-wed couple left devastated after guests did not show for wedding [LATEST] 'I'm 52 and I date men in their 20s for sex' [REPORT] 'Marrying my stepdad was the best decision I’ve ever made' [INSIGHT] Menna has spoken about what her loved ones think of her unusual marriage, especially with those outside of her community. She said: "I still have a few relationships with family and friends who believe differently and are still extremely supportive of the way I live because they're huge advocates of personal choice and free will.” However, the fourth wife has admitted she has struggled to maintain some friendships, and said: "I have some friends that don't approve, and it's made things awkward. I've noticed that my relationships with those people are pretty much broken." Despite the judgement from others. Menna has said she is confident she has made the best decision for herself. She said: "Without plural marriage, I wouldn't have my baby boy Oliver. And I never could've married Abel, who has been a huge blessing to me. He does an excellent job of caring for his family," Menna has a TikTok account with 13 thousand followers where she documents her life at the Rock and her marriage. Her most popular video has over 2 million views in which she shows herself driving around the community and showing what the houses look like. Some comments in the video have criticised the community, with one comment saying: “This is a crazy Mormon cult” while another said: “Polygamy at its finest (most redneck).” However, lots of comments were supportive, as one user said: “I really think this entire community is fascinating” while another person said: “Get, let’s get over it. She loved her family a lot and she could leave. By what her videos and Netflix have filmed, I say she loved her big village.”