As regularly as we clean our toilets, sometimes there’s no stopping a buildup of toilet bowl stains. Some of the main culprits that cause toilet bowl stains are hard water, mildew and mould. But even using certain toilet cleaners and cleaning products could stain your toilet bowl. Using items that are highly abrasive could leave permanent scratches, while certain harsh products could wear away the porcelain. Removing toilet bowl stains can be tricky, but luckily fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch have come to the rescue and shared their advice for removing unsightly toilet stains. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning pro and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram. Her fans and followers have taken to social media and even created their own groups dedicated to sharing cleaning tips and tricks. On one such group, Facebook user Corinne Greenwood posted: “How do I clean toilet stains from the bowl?” READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p The post received a plethora of responses but the most common suggestion was to use Black Harpic - either in liquid or tablet form. Jasmine Rapson said: “Black Harpic.” Loraine Jackson posted: “Definitely Black Harpic, leave overnight.” Michelle Cairns commented: “Black Harpic tablets down the bowl and Black Harpic liquid around [the toilet]. Leave for about two hours then brush and flush.” Margaret Lewis replied: “Black Harpic and leave overnight. Definitely worked for me.” Helena Enefer said: “Black Harpic overnight.” DON'T MISSMonty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass [INSIGHT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [UPDATE]Cleaning solutions to ‘avoid’ using on your sofas [ANALYSIS] Black Harpic can be bought in most supermarkets or online. The product claims to “kill 99.9 percent of bacteria” and “remove tough limescale”. The item claims it “cleans above and even below the waterline. Changes colour as it works, leaves your toilet disinfected and completely clean.” Harpic Power Plus Active Tabs cost £3 from Waitrose and Sainsbury’s for eight. Harpic Power Plus Toilet Cleaner 10x better than Bleach Gel costs £1.95 from Sainsbury’s. Harpic Power Plus Max 10 costs £1.29 from Savers. Harpic Power Plus Toilet Cleaner Citrus costs £1.25 from Wilko. READ MORE: Get rid of ‘thick’ kettle limescale with 29p kitchen essential Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Other suggestions for removing toilet bowl stains included using sterilising tablets, vinegar and baking soda, bleach and cola. Diane Will said: “A sterilising tablet overnight in the bowl.” Carolyn Howard commented: “Make a paste of vinegar and bicarbonate of soda and leave for a couple of hours, this really works!” Katherine Stanley suggested: “Noticed a lot of people use Black Harpic for the job once it is clean. “Keep a spray bottle full of white vinegar and spray the toilet regularly. It keeps it white and sparkling clean. Use the vinegar to clean the seat and outside the toilet.” Heather Paull posted: “I’m on well water and have a cesspit so can’t use bleach and only use environmentally-friendly cleaners. “Firstly, you have to keep on top of it to prevent its buildup. I use white vinegar. “But you have to be patient and give it time to work. I pour it into the bowl and leave it overnight. Scrub well the next morning and repeat if I’m not happy. “For stains above the water line, I soak toilet paper in vinegar and place it on the stain and leave it as long as possible. Good luck.” Emily Clark wrote: “A little bleach now and then. If it's really bad I've read that cola does the trick.”