The baby of Constance Marten and her lover Mark Gordon could have been dead for at least two weeks as the couple were spotted on CCTV without their baby on February 11. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford confirmed police had found the body of a baby in a "significant" update on the search on Wednesday, March 1. Mr Basford told reporters that remains had been found in a wooded area. The couple were arrested on Monday in Brighton after avoiding police for more than seven weeks but the child was not with them. They refused to tell police where the baby was, sparking a massive hunt across a wide area of the Sussex countryside.  CCTV from early February shows the couple were never seen with their baby during their time in Brighton. A source told The Sun that Marten and Gordon visited J & E Fish Bar at night in the weeks before being arrested - but CCTV showed the couple without their newborn. The source claimed: "They've been picked up on CCTV in the area as far back as February 11. They've been seen going into the chippy and into the Mulberrys, and would only go out at night. "Gordon has a leg injury and was using the tree branch as a walking stick. "They were never seen with the baby, or pushing a pram or anything like that." More than 200 officers and specialist search teams scoured the area around Stanmer Villas in Brighton, where the couple were finally caught after a tip-off from a member of the public. READ MORE: ‘Baby blanket found’ in search for missing baby of Constance Marten Speaking from the scene on Wednesday evening, Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford said: "It is my very sad duty to update this afternoon, police officers searching a wooded area close to where Constance and Mark Gordon were arrested discovered the remains of a baby. "A post-mortem examination will be held in due course. "A crime scene is in place and work at the location is expected to continue for some time. "This is an outcome that myself and that many officers who have been part of this search had hoped would not happen. DON'T MISS:£10k reward to help find missing baby with 200 officers on search [INSIGHT]Expert warns police must find missing baby soon as temperature falls [COMMENT]Baby feared dead as parents arrested for gross negligence manslaughter [PICTURES] "I recognise the impact this news will have on many people who have been following this story closely and can assure them that we will do everything we possibly can to establish what has happened." He added: "I would first and foremost like to extend my heartfelt condolences on behalf of Sussex Police to the wider family of the baby at this time. "I understand that the conclusion of this search will be heartbreaking for the local community and the wider public who have been impacted by and so supportive of this search and the investigation from the outset. "I would like to thank again the public, including the member of public whose information led to the arrests, the huge number of people who came forward with information and those that have volunteered to assist with the searches." 