The 70-year-old woman in India's Kamareddy district was attacked by a group of aggressive monkeys while on her way to the bathroom at home. Chataraboina Narsavva from Ramareddy village was alone during the incident and sustained fatal injuries from the attack.   Narsavva's daughter, who was attending a wedding at the time, took her to the hospital, but she later passed away. The police suspect that Narsavva slipped and hit her head on the floor while trying to escape from the monkeys, leading to her injuries and subsequent death. Ramareddy police station's inspector said: "We have come to know through locals that when the monkeys attacked her, she tried to escape. "In the process, she slipped and fell down. She suffered a head injury and died." The authorities are still looking into the incident, and Narsavva's family cremated her shortly after she passed away. In India, which is home to millions of primates, this deadly assault is just one of many that involve monkeys. In Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh, a five-year-old girl called Narmada died after being attacked by vicious monkeys while playing on the banks of the Nakatiya river. The injured girl was saved from the monkeys by local residents who arrived on the scene quickly. The young girl had been bitten all over her body and was taken to a hospital for treatment, but unfortunately, she died from her injuries. A mother claimed that her eight-day-old twin babies were taken by aggressive monkeys in 2021, with one of the infants dying and the other being rescued In 2020, a family in Shahjahanpur, Uttar Pradesh, was tragically killed when a group of monkeys brought down a wall in their home while they were sleeping in the courtyard. Meanwhile, a man in Sambhal died in 2019 after he was attacked by monkeys and fell from the terrace of his home. Don't miss... Cleverly warns Argentinians that Falklands aren't up for negotiation [INSIGHT] UK targets post-Brexit slice of India’s £4bn luxury goods market [LATEST] UK hospital recruits more than 100 nurses from India to staff wards [SPOTLIGHT] The news at the time stated that there was a monkey-related fatality in Sambhal, which was reported to be the sixth such death in the city in 2019. In another incident that occurred a few months before, a one-and-a-half-month-old baby was reportedly killed by a monkey that had entered her crib in an attempt to steal her milk bottle. Additionally, during the same year, a monkey went on a rampage through a town in central India, killing a 60-year-old man and injuring nine others. Similarly, in 2018, a woman aged 58 was severely injured and subsequently died after being attacked by a monkey outside her home in Agra, Uttar Pradesh