In an episode of Antiques Roadshow, BBC viewers were taken to Belmont House in Kent. During the instalment, two guests were gobsmacked over the high value their impressive collection would fetch if it were to go to auction. Introducing the collection to viewers, antique expert Joanna Hardy told the guest she was always looking for something different when valuing items.She commented: “When you showed me this, I thought, ‘this is brilliant’ because it’s all by one person.”Sharing more information on how they'd started the collection, one of the women shared it was down to her mother.Looking at a ring on the table, she said: “This one my mum brought before I was born, she wore it all the time and I was absolutely obsessed with it until she gave it to me for my 18th birthday. READ MORE:Carol Vorderman slams BBC 'hypocrisy' to Gary Lineker after discovery “Over the years, we’ve just been trying to collect more and more.”Viewers learnt the mother and daughter duo had been purchasing items by Michael Allen Bolton.They told Joanna despite Michael being known more widely for making spoons, they’d managed to find pieces of jewellery.The mum added: “It’s my daughter's collection, I give them to my daughter. But, I’m always on the phone like, ‘can I borrow?'...” Admitting they both share the pieces between them, the mother and daughter guests confessed they didn’t know much about the creator.Sharing more insight, Joanna said: “In about 2005 he passed away, he’s a self-taught silversmith.“This is what I love, I love this robust, sort of rock ’n’ roll type jewellery. I can imagine someone like Ozzy Osbourne wearing them.“For me, they speak out creativity, he hasn’t gone too fussy but there’s still attention to detail. Don't miss... Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [LATEST] BBC slam 'totally inaccurate' claim David Attenborough episode was cut [LATEST] Dancing On Ice's Joey Essex dealt crushing blow hours before final [LATEST] “You can tell he’s a silversmith because he loves his hallmarks.”Turning one of the bracelets over, viewers were able to see his hallmark on the back which had been stamped on the back.Picking up a silver ring with a purple gem in the middle, Joanna said: “That is my favourite one, absolutely.“They're all really heavy and chunky because of course they’re all solid silver.”The guests told the expert they had paid £600 for that one particular ring which although they thought was too much, confessed they had to have it.Joanna continued: “I would say that in an auction, you would be looking, at around about over £6,000 for the collection.” Although the mother was stunned by the huge figure, her daughter shouted “I told you".Her mum commented: “We were having this before, I kept saying, ‘no they’re not'.“Then she bet me 50p, so I now owe her 50p.”Laughing at their small bet, the expert added: “You’ve done very well, they’re very exciting jewels, they’re different. I love people that are bold and will wear different jewellery.“It was such a pleasure to see this at the table today, I got really excited.“Well, done and thank you very much indeed for bringing them along.”Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.