With corporation tax rises expected and additional incentives not forthcoming, there is one particular group that will suffer more than they will prosper: medium-sized businesses. Medium-sized businesses (MSBs) employ around 15 percent of all workers in the economy, and have huge potential for further growth. The Chancellor has a fantastic opportunity to grow these MSBs and the further economy by providing the right policies. As the Labour Party have rightly pointed out, the British economy will soon fall behind Poland’s in terms of GDP per capita - because Poland has made the right economic calls and are rightly prospering because of it. In the UK our Treasury has stood in the way of this growth, and put businesses to pasture for no good reason. MSBs are the key to putting the economy back on track all across the country, not just in London, with 83 percent of MSBs being outside of urban centres. There are four easy ways Mr Hunt can put us all back on the path to prosperity by giving MSBs a helping hand. 1. The Annual Investment Allowance should be made unlimited from its current level of £1m. The policy (as it stands) allows companies to claim back up to £1m in taxes from profits if they invest in machinery and equipment. There is no reason why this should be limited to a lethargic and puny limit if the Government really wants to empower businesses to grow, grow, and grow! Our shell-shocked manufacturing sector understands that investing in new plant and machinery is critical for restoring their growth, so we should make it easier for them to do so. 2. The Chancellor should completely reform the IR35 tax rule, which effectively doubles the taxes paid between independent contractors and consultants. This has led to millions of business owners dropping out of the workforce, and keeping people who want to work on their own terms, rather than in traditional employment, out of the economy. With fewer skilled workers wanting to take part in the economy because of IR35, it has pushed prices and wait times for services. A simplification would re-energise our workforce and put millions back to work. 3. Major reforms to our building system are required, both for businesses and renters, to help put our productivity back on track.Britain has lagged behind in productivity when compared to similar sized economies. This can be explained by our terrible planning system, which is holding back everyday businesses from growing their offices, factories, and shops to meet demand. It is also holding back people from owning their own homes, with prices now at an all time high because we simply are not building enough of them. The Chancellor should also stop subsidising mortgages with Help To Buy, and change our planning laws to be less confusing, bureaucratic, and expensive to pass through. By simply easing the developer contribution process by replacing section 106 agreements with a single infrastructure levy, investments in businesses will rise considerably. The Treasury can also make it easier to convert properties between different use classes, letting businesses act in a more dynamic fashion and not have to go to the government with cap in hand to operate their own enterprises! All of this will create more productive businesses, pushing our growth to record levels, all whilst keeping the state from slowing them down. 4. The lifelong learning guarantee should be implemented in full. This policy would allow anyone over the age of 18 to access funding for up to a three year period to retrain and reskill for the future jobs market. The implementation of the review should be brought forward to this year, allowing Britain to get on the front foot for the economy of the future, and therefore getting millions of people back to work after the pandemic. The economy is facing many challenges, and the Prime Minister is right to pursue economic growth as part of his five pledges. It is now down to Mr Hunt to make the right noises and put his money where his mouth is to pursue strong, sustainable growth.