Border officials have been stretched thin after agents were sent north to cover a Canadian "weak point". Personnel transferred to the US-Canada border are dealing with an influx of migrants, many of whom are from Mexico. A US Customs and Border Protection (CBP) spokesperson revealed 25 extra agents have been assigned to a busy part of the northern border. The CBP spokesperson told NBC: "While the apprehension numbers are small compared to other areas with irregular migration flows, Swanton Sector apprehensions constitute a large change in this area. Agents will work at the Swanton Sector, which covers much of New England. All of Vermont and parts of both New York and New Hampshire will benefit from the increase in manpower. JUST IN: Wife finds husband's mummified body in 'hoarder home' eight months after he went missing "The deployed team will serve as a force multiplier in the region and assist to deter and disrupt human smuggling activities being conducted in the Swanton Sector area of responsibility." Swanton Sector has a 203-mile land border and a 92-mile water border. Staff have been dealing with a large increase in border crossings at the Swanton Sector, rising from just 24 in January 24 to 367 two months ago. Migrants are reportedly seeking to enter the US through Canada as authorities are less likely to turn them away under the Title 42 programme. Title 42 enabled the US to expel some two million migrants from the border. The legislation was relied on heavily during Donald Trump's stint in the Oval Office while his administration responded to the COVID-19 pandemic. Border officials warn wintry conditions make the challenge of crossing from the north even more difficult. Patrol chief agent Robert Garcia said: "As we progress deeper into winter and continue to address the ongoing pace of illicit cross-border traffic, the level of concern for the lives and welfare of our Border Patrol Agents and those we are encountering — particularly vulnerable populations — continues to climb. "It cannot be stressed enough: not only is it unlawful to circumvent legal means of entry into the United States, but it is extremely dangerous, particularly in adverse weather conditions, which our Swanton Sector has in incredible abundance." The border patrol has roughly 21,300 agents, Fox News has claimed. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews