Side hustles are second jobs people take on to boost their income or pursue a passion project. Elizabeth Norman, 27, from York, took a hobby she started in lockdown and turned it into a successful £21,000 money-making endeavour.  Through this side hustle, she has been able to pay for the cost of her upcoming wedding this October. Thanks to her business, she has been able to pick up transferable skills which have allowed her to create her own ‘Save the Date’ and place name cards for the big day which has saved her hundreds of pounds. Ms Holmes is the founder of Sea & Bee, a small business which makes and sells handmade, natural bath bombs and eco-friendly cosmetics. Partnering with CashLady.com, she is sharing her side hustle story to inspire other women and offering tips for those starting their businesses. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance She explained: “Shortly after Christmas, two years ago, I was suffering from the January blues. It was during the pandemic so there was very little to do, and I found myself getting obsessed with baths. “I was using a lot of bath products, and, after a quick Google, I realised that I could make some myself or at least give it a good go. After all, we were in lockdown, and I needed a weekend activity. “After I realised how quickly and easily I could make the products, I created an Etsy page. ‘Etsy girls’ ensure that the end product looks and, in my case, smells amazing to the recipient. I wanted to be a part of that community. “I initially uploaded a couple of affordable letterbox gifts starting from £6 and I remember calling my Grandma in the first few weeks when I had more than one order in a day.” Setting up her business in her bedroom, Ms Holmes installed shelving units and organised a packing and production space. Very quickly, the side hustle was getting a higher volume of orders and the space soon was not big enough. As a result, the entrepreneur spent around £4,000 to create space in the garage which was purpose-built for her needs. Alongside her partner, she can create 200 bath bombs an hour and is also on top of the many wholesale orders that get sent her way. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Ms Holmes added: “Since starting the business in January 2021, we have made £21,000, which is crazy to think about. Now we have a website, our following on social media is growing, and we have even received an order of 400 bath bombs from one customer! “December and January were quieter than we’d have hoped, as a lot of small businesses found, but February was a great month for us. We were up 12 percent in revenue compared to last year, and it certainly feels like the hard work is paying off. “My fiancée, who helps out with the business, and I are both working full-time and undertaking apprenticeships, so it can be hard to put as much time into the business as we’d like. “We know that if we put more time into Sea & Bee, we would naturally generate more revenue, but I remind myself that this is a side hustle, and I’ve learnt more than I could have hoped for when I first set up my Etsy store.” Offering words of wisdom to those starting out, Ms Holmes warned that people should be mindful of their return on investment. Specifically, budding entrepreneurs should pick an idea that they do not have to invest a lot of money in to get the business started. She said: “Don’t forget to budget for your time; ensure this is factored into your price and if you are using your equipment, such as gardening tools, factor in the cost of depreciation. “Finally, go for it. The only thing standing in your way is yourself and the sooner you start, the sooner you could be earning money.”