Officers say they are on the hunt for more than a dozen football fans following a large brawl last night. The fight, which broke out just after 7pm on Saturday, left one man fighting for his life in critical condition.    Officers were called to the junction of Lytham Road and the Promenade after the brawl broke out, which police believe involved a number of Blackpool FC and Burnley fans. When officers arrived at the scene they discovered a man, in his 50s, had suffered a serious head injury. Emergency service officers administered CPR at the scene and the man was rushed to hospital. The force confirmed this afternoon that the victim is believed to be a Blackpool FC fan and is in critical condition. READ MORE: Canal sealed off by police cordon as human remains found    It is unknown if the man was specifically targeted at present, officers have said. Police arrested a 33-year-old man on the scene on suspicion of wounding. He remains in custody. An investigation has been launched as police work with both Blackpool and Burnley football clubs to figure out what happened. DON'T MISSEU chief says privately that new Brexit deal fails to 'regain control' [UPDATE]Johnny Depp surprises staff at Lincolnshire antique store [INSIGHT]Christian Horner gives Lewis Hamilton title view after Mercedes issues [REVEAL]  DCI Tracey McMurdo lambasted the “unacceptable” violence and stated the police “will do everything in our power to identify anybody who may have been involved”. She continued: “Officers were in the Promenade and Lytham Road area when they were made aware of a group of people fighting outside the nearby Manchester pub. “Officers were in immediate attendance and provided medical assistance, before the man was taken to hospital. “He remains in a critical condition and his next of kin are being supported by specially-trained officers. A man was arrested at the scene and remains in custody while our enquiries continue.   “We are taking this incident extremely seriously and will do everything in our power to identify anybody who may have been involved. This type of violence is simply not acceptable on the streets of Lancashire. “We are now appealing for information and are asking anybody who can help to get in touch straight away. “Perhaps you have mobile phone or dashcam footage, or perhaps you saw all or part of the incident as it happened. Whatever you know, please tell us.” People with information have been urged to contact the force by calling 101, quoting log 1262 of March 4th, or report it online at doitonline.lancashire.police.uk.  