Boris Becker’s tell-all documentary has finally been given a release date, as it has been revealed that world No 1 Novak Djokovic will feature in the new Apple TV+ series. Boom! Boom! The World vs Boris Becker is set to drop on April 7, with just over a month to go until the two-part series gives an insight into three years’ worth of access to the German tennis star, including his highly-publicised trial related to his bankruptcy that saw him imprisoned for eight months before being deported. Becker is set to reveal all in an upcoming documentary, which promises to explore “every aspect of the man who became a tennis sensation after winning The Wimbledon Championships at the age of just 17, going on to win 49 career titles, including six Grand Slams and an Olympic gold medal, as well as his high-profile, sometimes tumultuous personal life,” per Variety. The series has been teased for months and has now finally been given a release date, and viewers will get to hear from a series of other tennis stars like Djokovic as well as the man himself. Becker’s old rivals and current punditry colleagues John McEnroe, Bjorn Borg, Mats Wilander and Michael Stich will also feature in the documentary, while his bankruptcy trial is expected to feature. The six-time Grand Slam champion was found guilty of four charges under the Insolvency Act at a trial in Southwark Crown Court last April and was sentenced to 30 months imprisonment, serving eight across HM Prison Wandsworth and HM Prison Huntercombe before being deported back to Germany in December as part of a scheme trying to relieve pressure on British prisons. Becker’s documentary previewed in Berlin last month ahead of its official release, where he appeared to address his wrongdoings. Just In Schwartzman suffers 'unbearable' abuse as security protection issued [LATEST] “I’m the last person to complain about my life. I’m 55 years old and I’m very proud of the things that I’ve done. But I’ve made mistakes,” he said. “It is very difficult to win Wimbledon at age 17. You have to be a bit crazy. Borderline. Crossing the line. Doing things that nobody has done before in order to achieve something nobody has achieved before. To have that mindset and live a normal lifestyle is almost impossible. And when the going gets tough I usually get better, I’m not afraid of a tie break, I’m not afraid of a final. But in real life that is a problem sometimes.” Hinting at his time in prison, the former world No 1 said he had learned from the tough times, adding: “I’ve paid a heavy price for some of the things I did in my past. Today I’m a bit better for it. Hopefully a bit smarter. Maybe a bit more humble.” Don't miss... Serena Williams' dad used flashlight in strange training method [FLASHBACK] Richard Williams wants 'everyone to forgive Will Smith's Oscars slap  [QUOTES] Ukrainian tennis player teams up with Russian and slams Wimbledon ban [LATEST] Oscar-winning filmmaker Alex Gibney wrote and directed the documentary featuring exclusive footage of Becker, co-producing the two-part series with John Battsekin association with Lorton Entertainment. And Boom! Boom! Isn’t the only Becker-rated documentary set to his screens soon, with ITV commissioning its own series following his stint in prison. The Rise and Fall of Boris Becker is another two-part series set to feature exclusive interviews “with some of those who know the Wimbledon legend best – some speaking for the first time - and other tennis greats, as well as previously unseen personal and family archive, to tell the story of how the threime Wimbledon champion lost it all in a highly publicised bankruptcy trial.” 