Brexit is finally being done. This is a triumph for Rishi Sunak and for Britain. He brought the EU to the negotiating table, talked them round, and has secured Britain's veto power over the EU rules affecting Northern Ireland. Naturally, some will quibble. They'll say we didn’t get everything we asked for. That Brexit might not in fact be done. There is always more to do, and issues do tend to arise over time. But after six years of limbo and heartbreak, as the dream of Brexit has faded from public debate and Northern Ireland has been trapped in extra-legal ECJ hell, now the ‘Stormont Brake’ allows the Northern Irish executive to veto bad EU regulation and bad EU law. This is a great success. So too is the end of an awful deal on medicines. At several points in the past few years, Northern Ireland has faced the prospect of running out of vital drugs. This was a disgrace and it put Northern Irish residents at risk of terrible danger and discomfort. That's over now – and the European medical regulators will no longer fight for supremacy inside the UK over medicines approved in Northern Ireland. No longer will the medical supply be feast or famine: only feast from now on. The deal has also removed the vast majority – about 1,700 – EU laws that, under the protocol, applied to Northern Ireland. It's an immediate and lasting change for every man, woman, child or business in Northern Ireland. Their lives will be immediately better, and their burdens immediately lighter.  Now some will say this is all awful. That because we didn’t get everyone anyone could possibly ask for, the whole thing is a disaster and a sham. But those people don’t have the best interests of Northern Ireland or the UK at heart. Northern Ireland can’t engage in bad-faith reasoning. Its people simply want the situation solved, and a new and stable arrangement to come along. That goal has now been met. We've done it. Normality, and sanity, can resume. The ‘Stormont Brake’ means that the Northern Irish assembly can veto bad EU laws applied to Northern Ireland. It means the UK’s laws are now protected from creeping EU interference. This is a vastly better improvement on the protocol, which was a shabby compromise – necessary in the moment, but happily abandoned now something better has come along. Some commentators said that Sunak and von der Leyen appeared to be too friendly yesterday. That merely by being pleasant, Sunak had sold his country out. But if Brexit has taught us anything, it’s that success after a long wait is a good thing. It makes everyone happy. Sunak and von der Leyen both know that this deal is a victory: a victory for common sense and for Northern Ireland.  And it’s a victory for Britain, too, who many critics said would never get Brexit done without sacrificing Northern Ireland to EU rules and EU laws. Well, the nay-sayers were wrong. Britain exits the EU whole and entire, with no border down the Irish sea. It has taken far too long, and far too many prime ministers. Other terrible crises have emerged, like the pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, all of which seemed to push Brexit off the front pages. It seemed for years that nothing was being decided, nothing being solved. But now everything has come together. When Steve Baker, an ideological Brexiteer who described himself as ‘Brexit hardman Steve Baker’ not only supports the deal but negotiated it, we can rest assured that the will of the British people has been respected. Baker’s discussion of the deal over the past 24 hours has been moving. It has been taxing and tough, for him, for all of us. But we have finally reached the end. Brexit has been done. Finally, we can start to look to the future, and begin to capture its benefits. 