Rebel Wilson revealed she has been asked to keep away from Disneyland after breaking the rules. The 43-year-old, who recently got engaged to girlfriend Ramona Agrum at the California theme park, had been granted permission by CEO Bob Iger for the special event. But later admitted she was called up and told she could not come back to the park for 30 pays after taking a photo in a "secret bathroom". She told The Daily Show: "I did get banned from Disneyland for 30 days because I took a photo inside a secret bathroom, which is illegal, at Disneyland. "I got officially banned for 30 days. They called me up and said, 'Rebel what 30 days did you not want to come to Disneyland because you’re away filming a movie or something?' "And I was like, "Oh, well, June would be fine." The actress announced her relationship with the Los Angeles-based fashion and jewellery designer in June last year. READ MORE: Nathan Millard's wife shares heart-breaking message after dad vanishes Taking to Instagram to announce news of the engagement, she thanked Disney boss Bob Iger and the "incredible team" at Disneyland for the "magical surprise". Posting a picture of the pair at the US theme park and their Tiffany ring, she wrote: "We said YES! "Thank you tiffanyandco for the stunning ring and to Bob Iger and the incredible team at Disneyland disneyweddings for pulling off this magical surprise!" The pair are pictured outside the Disney castle wearing matching pink and white striped jumpers with black hearts on the front. Wilson's relationship with Agruma received media attention after Australian news outlet the Sydney Morning Herald tried to out the actress before she went public with her new relationship with a woman. Wilson announced the birth of her daughter Royce Lillian, by surrogate, in November. She told her 11 million Instagram followers at the time: "I can't even describe the love I have for her, she's a beautiful miracle!" Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews