Prime Minister Rishi Sunak upgraded his local power grid in Richmond, Yorkshire, because his swimming pool took up so much energy, according to reports. The National Grid near Mr Sunak's constituency home was reportedly upgraded despite being in a remote location. As per the Guardian, a new National Grid connection was installed at his Grade II listed manor, which is surrounded by Yorkshire countryside. This involved a large amount of equipment being fitted by engineers. Mr Sunak is understood to be paying for the work himself. Much has been made of the Prime Minister's huge home, which includes a 12-metre (40ft) heated swimming pool. Mr Sunak bought the £1.5million home when he became MP for the Richmond constituency in 2015. It was reported last year by the Northern Echo that heating his pool will cost £13,000 a year. The property also recently had a gym and tennis court installed. The upgrades as a whole are understood to have cost tens of thousands of pounds. Due to high energy bills, many local swimming pools have had to reduce their hours to keep up with costs. Funding for the pool has come from Mr Sunak’s own pocket and there is no suggestion he used his position or influence for preferential treatment from regional system maintainer Northern Powergrid. Mr Sunak's wealth derives largely from his career in the City, prior to his move into politics. READ MORE: Rishi Sunak rules out Elgin Marbles return to Greece He previously worked as a banker for Goldman Sachs. After this he moved into hedge fund management, setting up his own firm called Theleme Partners in 2010. Those who knew him at the time say he was a millionaire by his mid-twenties. In 2020, the Times reported that Mr Sunak was able to profit from the 2008 financial crisis. He made £100million alongside other hedge fund bosses by making a stock market bet which some say was the catalyst for the financial crisis. While the Prime Minister is a wealthy man in his own right, it is his wife Akshata Murthy who makes up the majority of their combined £730million fortune. The couple married in 2009 having met when they were studying at Stanford Business School in California. Ms Murthy is a fashion entrepreneur, running Akshata Designs. Meanwhile, her father is the sixth richest man in India, worth over £3billion. As reported by the Guardian, Mr Sunak and Ms Murthy also own four properties around the world worth more than £15million in total. This includes an impressive apartment in Santa Monica, California. DON'T MISS Sunak faces rebellion as Tory MP says she won't vote for migrant bill [INSIGHT] Wallace won't resign over defence cash because he wants NATO job [ANALYSIS] Rishi Sunak accelerates UK's warfighting ability with £5bn boost [INSIGHT]