Lando Norris has stayed positive despite McLaren’s disastrous start to the 2023 F1 season at the Bahrain Grand Prix. The McLaren driver joked his crew had a “lot of pit stop practice” after he was forced to stop six times in Sakhir. The nightmare started after McLaren discovered a pneumatic problem early on in the race. The British star kept having to stop to allow mechanics to fix the car but he eventually retired with just two laps remaining. Norris summarised: “I think the best thing is the mechanics did a lot of pit stop practices. That’s the biggest positive.” However, Norris has stressed he is still unsure what caused the issue as McLaren scored no points from the first event. He added: “Good start, good launch, made up a few positions and then we had problems from turn one basically – pneumatic problems and various other issues. That just brought out us of the race more and more, we had to pit every ten laps and that was it. READ MORE: Verstappen agrees with Norris and Wolff about Mercedes' George Russell “I don’t know enough to be honest, better to ask Andrea [Stella]. I don’t know what it was affecting, gearbox, engine. I have no idea. On the second pit stop he said I had to come back in, he said every 10 laps.” McLaren have struggled with their new package since the start of pre-season testing in a blow to the British manufacturer. The former title winners almost struggled to make it out of Q1 on Saturday as the squad appears to have fallen down the midfield pecking order. Hotly-rated youngster Odscar Piatsri was also forced out of his debut F1 race with an electrical issue. After the chequered flag, the 21-year-old explained the team were still "working out what the issue is”. DON'T MISS Norris 'overwhelmed' says Verstappen as he talks 'best friend in F1' [COMMENT]Lando Norris hits back at Jenson Button 'talking c***' about McLaren [INSIGHT]Lando Norris 'the number one pick' to replace Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS] Team boss Zak Brown admitted the team’s solution to solve Piastri's issues didn’t work as he opened up on the “challenging” start to 2023. He told Sky Sports F1: “Looks like he has some sort of electrical issue. He had a gearbox-related issue on track which I think was electronic. “We changed steering wheels but that doesn't seem to have done the trick. We'll have to diagnose what it is, but it appears to be electrical. And Lando has pneumatic issues. We're monitoring that, but we might have to do that again. So a challenging start to the year.”