Marks and Spencer has apologised after placing daffodils and spring onions next to each other on a food display. The display caused concern among customers who warned people could mistakenly eat the daffodils, leading to illness. Botanist and food presenter, James Wong, took to social media to share a picture of the food display. The image appeared to show bunches of the poisonous flower next to the spring onions with a sign saying "eat well." Eating daffodils can lead to symptoms like vomiting and diarrhoea. Mr Wong wrote that daffodils can cause "plant-based poisoning" if the bulb is confused with members of the onion family. He called for supermarket staff to get better training so they are aware of these kinds of risks. Mr Wong added: "Daffodils are the single most common cause of plant-based poisoning as people mistake their bulbs (even cut flower buds) for crops in the onion family. "@marksandspencer I don't want to get any staff in trouble. But you need better training asap. "Daffodils are filled with microscopic crystals, so biting into one is like swallowing a box of tiny needles. Properly nasty." British Columbia Drug and Poison Information Centre has warned that eating daffodils can cause vomiting, diarrhoea and irritation to the mouth and throat. They also said these symptoms can last anywhere from four to 24 hours. In a statement, Marks and Spencer apologised to customers and will now ensure displays do not repeat this mistake. They said: "Customer safety is our priority and our British daffodils are clearly labelled with an on-pack warning that they are not safe to consume. "This was a genuine error in one of our stores and as a precaution, we are reminding all stores to make sure the flowers are displayed properly." Public Health England wrote to supermarkets in 2015 saying daffodils should not be placed near food to stop customers from eating them by mistake. They also said that people have previously mistaken daffodil bulbs for onions and the stems of a popular Chinese vegetable.