Over the years, our white towels can become stained and eventually turn an unpleasant shade of grey or yellow. One of the reasons towels become discoloured is the extra minerals they absorb. The mineral deposits are difficult to remove and can build up over time leading to discoloured patches. Inadequate detergent and low water temperatures in the wash can also cause towels to become discoloured. While white vinegar is a common solution, it can leave an unpleasant odour on towels. Luckily, fans of Mrs Hinch, AKA Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared another simple solution for whitening towels. Mrs Hinch has more than 4.6 followers on Instagram and is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer. READ MORE: ‘Correct’ method to wash towels for ‘fluffy’ results - avoid mistakes Over the years she has amassed a plethora of followers who now share their own cleaning tips and advice on social media groups. On one such group, Facebook user Lynn Hobbin posted: “How do you get white towels whiter?” The post was flooded with responses but the most popular suggestion was to use Napisan. Pat Hanson said: “Just like you did with terry nappies soak overnight in Napisan then wash at 60°C.”  Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [LATEST] Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [INSIGHT] ‘Harmful’ cleaning products you should ‘never mix’ [ANALYSIS] Karen Gaylard Patten replied: “Wash with Napisan.” Jan Litscher wrote: “I add a scoop of Napisan and Ariel in my white wash.” Sian Langmead suggested: “Napisan does the trick.” Karen Gaylard Patten commented: “It’s usually in the baby section in supermarkets as it’s for washing nappies. But great for anything white.” Napisan is a “germicidal in-wash stain remover with active oxygen”. The product claims to “remove germs and stains from your wash even at low temperatures”. The product is widely available in supermarkets and online and costs under £5. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ item to ‘instantly’ remove washing machine odours Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Napisan Powder costs £4.20 for 800g from Sainsbury’s, Tesco and Morrisons. Napisan Non-Biological Stain Remover costs £3.20 from Wilko and £4.50 from Asda for 800g. Other suggestions from Mrs Hinch fans included using baking soda, Vanish, Ariel washing powder, vinegar and Astonish soap powder. Wendy Newcomb wrote: “Add half to one cup of baking soda to the load along with your detergent.” Lynette Jones replied: “Big scoop of Vanish on a hot wash.” Sheila Petillo said: “Ariel washing powder on a hot wash.” Sam Wisneski commented: “Vinegar and baking soda in the wash in hot water. Wash then cold rinse. I put a squeeze of lemon juice in the rinse. Makes them smell good and helps get the baking soda off the surface of the washer as well.” Elsie Haggerty said: “Boil them with two or three scoops of Astonish and your normal soap powder.” Felicity Thomson suggested: “Use powder not liquid and dry them outside. Powders have whitening agents, liquids don’t so they preserve colours.”