People in the UK who thought they lived in a free country were given an extensive reminder of how fragile a plant liberty is. It has to be nurtured and surrounded by the conditions under which it can thrive and flourish. In the absence of these protections, it can swiftly shrivel. A timely revisit to what was done can serve as a reminder of how swiftly and extensively the liberties of the people of the UK were eroded. It was all done nominally in their name to protect them, like the good intentions that pave the road to somewhere no-one wants to go. It began with a lockdown that we were told “might last three weeks.” People were ordered to stay indoors under threat of prosecution and fines, and were only allowed out for ‘local’ exercise or essential shopping. They were forbidden from resting by sitting down while doing so, and many public benches were taped over to prevent this. People were stopped in the street by police and asked to show that their journey was essential. Supermarkets were policed to enforce the policy of allowing the purchase of essentials only. Brandy was deemed essential, but not Easter eggs or baby clothes. In some supermarkets the shelves containing books were taped over because books did not fall into the approved category. In some towns and cities there was a police presence in supermarkets to enforce this. There was compulsory hand sanitization in many establishments because it was thought that the virus might be spread by hand contact. Handshakes were discouraged. Schools and universities were closed, and children at home were not permitted to play with their friends. Many students in university accommodation were forced to quarantine in hostels. Gatherings were limited in size to “bubbles” of up to six family members or cohabitants. Meetings with friends or strangers were not allowed, and no visits to relatives and friends were permitted. A father was warned by police for being in the garden with his children. No-one could visit relatives in hospitals and care homes. Households were banned from travelling by car to a place where they could take a walk, and police drones were used to track country walkers and warn them they faced prosecution. Would-be surfers were prosecuted if they drove to beaches. Train journeys were only allowed for essential workers, and no air travel was permitted except on legitimate business. There were mask mandates for trains, buses, tubes and aircraft, and for many public spaces, and only those who had legitimate exemption were allowed without them. Hymn singing was banned in churches, and only six people were permitted to attend weddings and funerals. Sporting fixtures were cancelled, and theatres, cinemas and concert halls were closed. Testing was required for many activities, and there were temperature checks on entry to many premises. Returning visitors from abroad had to complete landing forms, and had to quarantine, with NHS inspectors enforcing this by phone checks and visits. Socialising was banned. Far from the suggested “three weeks,” lockdown followed lockdown, even over the Christmas holidays. Towns were “traffic light coded” to decide on which areas merited the strictest rules. People were prevented from leaving some towns altogether. Non-covid NHS treatments were cancelled or ‘postponed’ to clear space for covid cases, and private hospital beds were sequestered so that patients denied NHS hospital treatment could not secure it privately. When limited access to pubs and restaurants was resumed, it was first limited to only outside tables, and when inside access was allowed, it had to be table service, separated by stipulated spacing, and with plastic screens if necessary between tables. Drinking was only allowed if accompanied by a “substantial meal,” with officialdom determining the detail of what counted as ”substantial.” There was Cabinet disagreement as to whether a scotch egg fell within that category. The idea that Government officials should decide that a pint of beer must be accompanied by foodstuff they deem to be appropriate indicates the degree to which the lives of the people of these islands were micro-managed in minute detail. The UK people were prevented from doing most of the things they enjoy doing, meeting with friends and family, developing relationships, eating out, sightseeing and having good times. They were prevented, in fact, from being normal. Not surprisingly, there was a significant increase in mental illnesses over this period, including depression and paranoia. The Government sheltered behind scientists who used worst-case scenarios to cultivate a climate of fear among the populace. People were even encouraged at one stage to spy on their neighbours and report any breaking of the rules. This is a page taken straight from the songbook of East Germany’s STASI. We used to deride totalitarian states for doing just that, We now realise that the lockdowns were a costly mistake. There might have been some justification for a brief three-week one while we learned what we were up against, but not for the subsequent ones. It is now apparent that the surplus deaths incurred by delayed or denied medical treatment were larger than those caused by the virus would have been. It is also evident that the creation of new money to fund people for not working saw it go straight into the spending economy, unlike the first round of quantitative easing that followed the 2008 financial crisis. This has gone through into the inflation that has fed the wave of industrial unrest as people struggle to maintain their living standards in its wake. The lockdowns basically crashed the UK economy, and it may take years to recover, even if governments have the wit to implement a pro-growth agenda. We now realise that Sweden, much derided at the time for not imposing a lockdown, but asking people instead to behave carefully and sensibly, chose the better course of action. None of us, Sweden included, foresaw the effect the virus would have in care homes on the elderly and vulnerable. But Sweden did not impose the rules and restrictions that took away our liberties so quickly. In retrospect, the rules in the UK were stupid and unnecessary. Those who broke those stupid rules were given fixed police penalty notices, whereas the scientists who dreamed them up were given knighthoods. Hindsight has 20-20 vision, and it is always easy after a war to show how different battle tactics might have made it turn out differently. We look back on what we did in the pandemic and realise how much of it was as baleful as it was unnecessary. There is, however, a point to going over that ground again to remind ourselves of how easily we were made to part with our basic liberties. The record of how bad and petty so much of it was should alert us to signs that might direct us down that same road in the future. The remembrance of times past can lead us to avoid repeating its follies, and lead us instead into a safe and secure future.