Britain will pay France almost half a billion pounds as part of a new deal to tackle Channel migrant crossings. Rishi Sunak announced the agreement after meeting French President Emmanuel Macron during a UK-France summit at the Elysee Palace in Paris today. The UK will send France £478 million (541m euros) to fund the package that will include hundreds of French law enforcement officers and a new detention centre established in France. The UK Government said: "This new centre will support French efforts to increase detention capacity, allowing more migrants who might otherwise travel by dangerous and illegal routes to the UK to be removed from the French coast. "Building on our existing partnership, which saw twice as many illegal crossings stopped in 2022 than 2021, today's agreement will also more than double the number of personnel deployed in northern France to tackle small boats, with over half of these in place by the end of the year. The UK will contribute funding towards this." Mr Sunak and Mr Macron gave a joint press conference this afternoon following earlier summit talks in private which lasted more than an hour. Speaking afterwards at the press conference, the two leaders - who put on a tactile display - both hailed a "new beginning" in Anglo-French relations. What do you think of the plans? Have your say in the comments section HERE. Mr Sunak welcomed "important progress" made at the meeting to tackle illegal immigration. The PM said: "Thank you for hosting us here today. Now if we're honest the relationship between our two countries has had its challenges in recent years. And I'm not just referring to France knocking England out of the World Cup. "But I believe today's meeting does mark a new beginning, an entente renewed. We are looking to the future, a future that builds on all that we share. Our history, our geography, and our values, and the future that is far more ambitious about how we work together to improve the lives of the people that we serve. "We've discussed every aspect of our crucial alliance today and made important progress in three areas in particular, illegal migration, energy, and security. "Emmanuel and I share the same beliefs. Criminal gangs should not get to decide who comes to our countries. "Within weeks of my coming into office, we agreed our largest ever small boats deal and today we've taken our co-operation to an unprecedented level to tackle this shared challenge." Mr Macron added: "It is a moment of reunion, of reconnection and of a new beginning." The French President said they had agreed on a "new ambitious bilateral framework" to get a grip on small boats carrying migrants across the Channel. He said: "What we have decided is heightened co-ordination on our activities. "We must act together in a fully shared framework to do this with all the Europeans who are concerned by the transit and crossing and some countries from which the traffic is organised." Mr Sunak said he hoped in the future the UK may still be able to sign a returns agreement with France. He said the new package announced on Friday was "unprecedented", adding: "Going forward there will be more that we can do." But Mr Macron said the UK must negotiate its desired migrant return agreement with the EU rather than Paris. He said: "This is not an agreement between the UK and France, but an agreement between the UK and the EU. Because the Dublin agreement are no more in a situation to be implemented so this is something now to be negotiated." Elsewhere during the press conference, the French leader said he wants to have the "best possible relations" with the UK but they need to "fix" the consequences of Brexit. He said: "On the short front we have to fix the consequences of the Brexit. Probably some of those consequences were underestimated but we have to fix them. "What we want to do now is build new partnerships on defence and security, on facing the war, regarding climate change in order to co-ordinate our international activity. And for our businesses and our people we want to build new links, new relations. "My wish, definitely, because it makes sense with our history, our geography, our DNA, I would say, is to have the best possible relations and the closest alliance. "But it will depend on our commitment, our willingness, but I am sure we will do it." Meanwhile, the PM said Britain "left the EU but we didn't leave Europe" as he set out his desire to have a "close, co-operative, collaborative" relationship. He said: "I always say, we left the EU but we didn't leave Europe. Emmanuel said previously 'Brexit didn't change geography'. "We want to have a close, co-operative, collaborative relationship with our European partners and allies. And of course, that starts with our nearest neighbour, France, and today is the first step on that journey. "We're writing a new chapter in this relationship, and I'm really looking forward to everything that we can build on in the coming months and years ahead." The UK-France summit - which is the first in five years - is being viewed as a thawing in cross-Channel relations. There were tensions between London and Paris during Boris Johnson's premiership, with Brexit and the Aukus submarines deal causing friction. And Mr Sunak's predecessor Liz Truss controversially said the "jury is out" on whether Mr Macron was Britain's friend. It comes as nearly 3,000 people have arrived via small boats in the UK already this year, but it is understood that Paris has successfully prevented around the same number from leaving the large stretch of coastline in northern France to southern England. A record of over 45,000 migrants made the perilous journey in flimsy dinghies across the English Channel last year. The UK has already paid around £250 million to France since 2014 in a bid to stop the crossings. 