Type 2 diabetes stems from insufficient insulin production - a hormone that helps to regulate blood sugar. Stripped of this key mechanism, your blood glucose can reach dangerous heights, hiking your risk of serious complications. Fortunately, dietary tweaks are one of the greatest weapons you can add to your arsenal of protection. Whether you add it into your sweet bakes or mix it into a fragrant curry, cinnamon seems to offer more than a pleasant-tasting ingredient. Packed with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, the sweet spice could help control blood sugar levels. In fact, research, published in the Journal of Diabetes Research, found that cinnamon tea could lower postprandial blood glucose within 30 minutes. If you aren’t aware, postprandial blood glucose is a measurement of blood sugar concentration in your bloodstream in the period up to four hours after eating. READ MORE: Dr Mosley says 'anti-inflammatory' snack could reduce risk of dying from cancer by 40% Average postprandial blood glucose levels are considered to be an important factor in blood sugar control. Researchers looked at 30 non-diabetic adults aged between 20 to 53 years to investigate whether cinnamon tea had an impact on this blood sugar measurement. The volunteers were randomly allocated to two groups. One was a control group while the other enjoyed the sweet hot drink. Furthermore, the participants were asked not to ingest any cinnamon the day before the intervention.  Don't miss... Dementia: The 76p food that could make your brain 19 years younger [STUDY] Dr Mosley says 'anti-inflammatory' snack could reduce risk of cancer [INFORMER] Longevity-boosting tea shown to make arteries more 'stretchy' [LATEST] Blood samples were collected for each participant at 30 minutes, 60 minutes, 90 minutes, and 120 minutes in both the control and cinnamon groups. The findings showed that cinnamon powder appeared to bring about a “significant reduction” in postprandial blood glucose levels 30 minutes after consumption. While this research only focused on people without diabetes, other studies have also noticed the promising link between cinnamon and blood sugar levels. For example, the research, published in the journal Archives of Biochemistry and Biophysics also highlighted this benefit. READ MORE: Live longer: The drink shown to make arteries 'stretchy' - may slash risk of early death  The study from 2007 found that enjoying six grams of cinnamon with a serving of rice pudding slowed the emptying of the stomach and decreased subsequent spikes in blood sugar levels. What’s more, the research concluded that cinnamon improves glucose and lipid profiles of people with type 2 diabetes. Furthermore, a review of 10 trials, in the journal Annals of Family Medicine, found that taking cinnamon daily “significantly” lowered blood sugar levels in about four to 18 weeks. This research also looked at people who suffered from the blood sugar condition. While more research is currently needed to observe the association between cinnamon and better blood sugar outcomes, existing studies show some promising benefits. Worryingly, the main symptoms of type 2 diabetes don’t necessarily make you feel unwell, which makes symptom awareness front and centre. According to the NHS, the tell-tale signs to be aware of include: The health service advises seeing a GP if you suffer from any of these symptoms or you're worried that you may have a higher risk of the blood sugar condition.