For those looking for something a bit different to the usual chocolate for Easter this year, the LookFantastic Beauty Egg is the perfect self-care treat or gift someone else. LookFantastic is a one-stop shop for all beauty essentials, with hundreds of brands in one place. The newest launch is the Beauty Egg, which contains products from a mixture of top brands including Elemis, Iconic London, Colour Wow and Sol de Janeiro. The contents of the set is worth over £200, but it's available to buy for £60, so shoppers can save a considerable amount, plus they can see what's included before buying. The Beauty Egg has been released every year for six years and has sold out each time, so it's worth being quick when purchasing the Easter treat. Buy: LookFantastic Beauty Egg (£60) The Beauty Egg includes nine products, with seven full-sized products and two deluxe-sized products and is a good way to try new brands, split up products into separate gifts, or give as a present for Mother's Day or Easter. Some of the products included have gone viral over the last year, including the Sol De Janeiro Bum Bum Cream and Color Wow Speed Dry Blow Dry Spray, so it's the perfect purchase for anyone looking to test them out for themselves.  Full contents includes:  The beauty launch became available on the 5th of March for members and the 6th of March for non-members, but it may not be restocked once it's sold out, so it's worth being quick. Shoppers are already starting to snap it up, with some leaving reviews on the egg. Lisa said: ''First time buying this and it's a great beauty egg. Love the packaging that it's been made in. The only thing is 1 item I already have, apart from that some great items I'm looking forward to using.'' Jo also added: ''Love the eggs when they come round, usually have great full-size products in them and the egg itself is massive and metal.... amazing packaging... absolutely great gift for yourself or others.'' For those looking for a cheaper alternative as a Mother's Day gift, the Glossybox 'For You' box is priced at £35, and contains products from brands such as L'Occitane, bareMinerals and Philip Kingsley. 