The name of a baby discovered wrapped in a plastic bag under an allotment shed near woodland on the outskirts of Brighton has been revealed as Victoria. It came as couple Constance Marten and Mark Gordon appeared in court charged with manslaughter. The couple appeared at Crawley Magistrates' Court on Friday accused of three charges, including concealing the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice. Ms Marten, 35, and Mr Gordon, 48, spoke only to confirm their names, dates of birth and that they were of no fixed abode during a short hearing in front of a packed courtroom. At one stage Ms Marten, who comes from an aristocratic family with royal connections, blew a kiss to Mr Gordon, who wore a grey jumper over his head throughout. Ms Marten and her partner were charged with the offences on Thursday after the remains of an infant were found on Wednesday afternoon following a major two-day search operation.  The pair are due to appear at the Old Bailey on March 31. Ms Marten and Mr Gordon were arrested in Stanmer Villas, Brighton, on Monday after police tried to locate them over the course of several weeks. A post-mortem examination is due to take place on Friday. Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford, from the Metropolitan Police, had said previously that officers were unable to determine the baby's gender.   But the details were revealed during the pair's first court appearance today, during which a charge that they "unlawfully killed baby Victoria" was read out. Remanding Ms Marten and Mr Gordon into custody, magistrate Carol Lintott said: "You are both here today... on charges of manslaughter, concealment of the birth of a child and perverting the course of justice. "We are sending the case to the crown court sitting at the Old Bailey. We are remanding you in custody until that time."  Det Supt Lewis Basford said at a press conference on Thursday the case has been referred to the police watchdog. He said: "Based on our inquiries we've carried out so far, we believe sadly the baby may have been dead for some time before they were found. "It is too early for us to provide a more specific date. "Because we believe the death occurred during the course of a missing person investigation we have made a mandatory referral to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC). This is standard protocol for such circumstances." The IOPC said in a statement it is "currently assessing the referral to determine what, if any, further action is required".  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express 