Endeavour will be airing tonight (February 5) on ITV1 and ITVX at 8pm. The two-hour film called Uniform will see Endeavour Morse (played by Shaun Evans) delving into a missing persons case involving a lady whom he thinks could be connected to her previous bosses. However, he will also be dealing with the disappearance of a notable artist, whose work features on paperback mysteries. At the same time, there are reports of stolen cars and criminal damage after a group of university students cause havoc. Tied into all of this is the murder of a uniformed officer, which leads all the team members to get on board. Moreover, much to Morse and Fred Thursday’s (Roger Allam) chagrin, the police detective show Jolly for Short will be in town to film its final series in a meta-reference to Endeavour. The episode will also see some familiar faces coming back to the fray for Endeavour fans. Here’s a look at the cast joining Endeavour and where you may have seen them before. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error Ronnie Box - Simon Harrison Simon Harrison will be reprising his role as antagonist Ronnie Box after last appearing in season six and the finale. As viewers will remember, Box’s fate was left hanging in the balance after he saved Morse’s life and got shot. However, he is going to be appearing ago as the show comes to a close. Harrison is best known for his roles in London Has Fallen, Fearless, Everest, Transformers: The Last Knight, His Dark Materials and Vera. Ted/Sgt Wilkins - Richard Hope Veteran star Richard Hope will be portraying Ted/Sgt Wilkins with the actor no stranger to screens after parts in Netflix’s 1899 which also features Endeavour’s Anton Lesser, The Ipcress File on ITV, Poldark. Other recent roles include The Walk-In, Pennyworth starring opposite Endeavour alumni Jack Bannon, Gentleman Jack, Top Boy and The Chelsea Detective. Peter Jakes - Jack Laskey Jack Laskey will also be appearing again as Peter Jakes after previously starring in season three of Endeavour. Laskey has also had roles in X Company, Trust, Hatfields & McCoys and The Aftermath. Kenny/Supt Jolliphant - Kevin R McNally Kevin R McNally will be actor Kenny/Supt Jolliphant after starring in the Pirates of the Caribbean film franchise, The Wingfeather Saga, Stonehouse on ITV, Das Boot and The Crown. Richard/DI Chance - Leo Staar Leo Staar stars as Jolly For Short cast members Richard/DI Chance and has had roles in Summers of Rockets in Channel 4, Maigret, Van der Valk and The 355, among other parts. Frederick Mulcaster - Jake Kenny-Byrne Rising star Jake Kenny-Byrne is Frederick Mulcaster after appearing in Doctors, Survival Box, Lake Odyssey: 18 and Ersatz. Archibald Ormsby-Gore - Bill Skinner Bill Skinner appears as Archibald Ormsby-Gore and counts credits in Maternal, McDonald & Dodds, The Cleaner and Ted Lasso in Apple TV+. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [SPOILER]Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark [VIDEO]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges [VIEWER REACTION] Henry Brockhurst - Todd Bell Todd Bell takes on the part of Henry Brockhurst following on from parts in A Modern Magician. Mike Gatwood - Paul Bazely Paul Bazely appears as Mike Gatwood and is best known for parts in Black Mirror, Benidorm, The Ipcress File, Feel Good, The Sister and Murder in Provence in which he starred opposite Endeavour’s Roger Allam. Librarian Miss Hatch - Shaheen Khan Shaheen Khan will be portraying librarian Miss Hatch and is most recognisable thanks to her parts in Bend It Like Beckham, D.I. Ray, What’s Love Got to Do With It?, Ghissi Pitti Mohabbat and Apple Tree House, among other roles. Other cast members include Milo Mackenzie as Raphael Damon, Ayesha Antoine as Freya Baynard, Michael Keane as David Astin and Laurence Spellman as Uniform Stevens. Endeavour continues on ITV1 and ITVX tonight at 8pm