Manchester United legend Paul Scholes does not believe that Bruno Fernandes should be the captain of his former side. The playmaker led the Red Devils to a 4-1 win in the Europa League Round of 16 on Thursday night, though Scholes is still not convinced by his credentials for the role. Erik ten Hag decided to stand by the exact same team that were thumped 7-0 by Liverpool, hoping that the defeat would spark a major reaction from the nature of that loss. And the Dutchman reaped the benefits of that decision with Marcus Rashford, Antony, Fernandes and Wout Weghorst all putting the game to bed in the first leg. There were still signs of nervousness in the performance, though key players have now taken a significant step forwards with the victory which should allow them to truly put the Liverpool mauling behind them and prevent it from derailing their season. However, Scholes still believes that there is work to be done at Old Trafford, starting with stripping Fernandes of vice-captaincy when Harry Maguire is not playing. The former Sporting star was criticised for how he downed tools against Liverpool over the weekend, crunching into needless tackles and refusing to track back. Don't miss... Man Utd and Betis fans clash as riot police intervene to mar UEL win [LATEST] However, Ten Hag made it clear that he will stand by the 28-year-old, much to the disappointment of Scholes. The former England international told BT Sports: “Your captain has to be an influence, leader, calm character. I’d be concerned if United, March, April are going for the title – I don’t think him as your captain would be ideal. “He’s only vice-captain at the moment as Maguire’s not playing. Going forward, bigger games, going for trophies, Champions League finals, a captain with less emotion might be better.” Don't miss... Man Utd transfer plans have been 'changed by Harry Kane and Casemiro' [TRANSFER] Four Man Utd stars bounce back to prove Ten Hag right in Betis win [COMMENT] Chelsea owner Boehly has laid down foundations for Harry Kane transfer [LATEST] Maguire is United’s club captain, though he has fallen down the pecking order and Ten Hag and only features scarcely, meaning that Fernandes often has the armband. His manager did hint that he was aware of his No 18’s short fuse, though insisted in his pre-match press conference that Fernandes is the right vice-captain. He said: “I think he is playing a brilliant season and he has played a big role in us being where we are. Everyone makes mistakes and we learn. I have to learn and he will as well. No one is perfect, everyone makes mistakes. He is intelligent. I'm really pleased he is our player and he is captain when Harry (Maguire) is not playing."