When Grease hit cinemas in 1978 it became a worldwide phenomenon. Not only did it make an unbelievable $366 million at the box office, but it launched the already quite famous John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John into superstardom. So when talks began regarding its long-awaited sequel, Grease 2 (which hits Channel 5 today at 3:40pm) the stars of the movie were keen to get involved. But things didn't go their way. Newton-John and Travolta were reportedly approached during the beginning of Grease 2's production. During this time, they were discussing some sort of cameo or last-minute appearance of their characters, Danny Zuko and Sandy Olsson. This initial meeting apparently went well, and everyone walked away positively, ready for the iconic Grease stars to make a comeback. But it never happened. Newton-John and Travolta were ghosted. And in 1982 Grease 2 hit cinemas with the iconic characters noticeably absent from the picture. Newton-John (who died on August 8, 2022, after a battle with cancer) was asked about the film's release, she didn't have anything good to say about the sequel to her iconic movie. Newton-John was asked by a fan in 2016 what she "honestly" thought of Grease 2. With a sweet smile, she replied: "Not a lot." After a chuckle, she went on to say how her cameo got canned, before adding: "And then they made it with other people, and that was my memory of it." Newton-John's disdain was not the only thing wrong with Grease 2. They had major casting trouble before shooting began involving Tom Cruise. Don't miss... Olivia Newton-John's daughter still speaks to late mum 'every day' [NEW] Olivia Newton-John died after battling cancer - star's first symptoms [INFO] Olivia Newton-John's daughter details promise she made to Grease star [INSIGHT] Cruise was originally up for the leading role of Michael Carrington, opposite a newcomer to Hollywood Michelle Pfeiffer. However, producers weren't convinced. After auditioning Cruise and liking him, they decided they wanted someone taller. What's more, Cher was down to play one of the Pink Ladies, Paulette Rebchuck. But when the salary was discussed, it was not enough for the Oscar-winner. She bowed out, leaving the film production in need of another star. Newton-John did have some good things to say about another Grease sequel, however. In 2016 the TV movie Grease Live! hit streaming services, with Julianne Hough playing Sandy and Aaron Tveit as Danny Zuko. This adaptation was something Newton-John thought deserved her praise. Newton-John was quizzed by Billboard if she gave any tips to her replacement, Hough. She replied: "She doesn't need any tips from me. She has her own energy and I think that's what I said to her: 'Bring yourself to it. There's no reason to try and copy anyone else. You've got your own style so do it in a new way.'" According to Page Six, Newton-John described Grease Live! as "fun". SOURCE