While Number 3 Blea Moor Cottages is in a stunning location, it is also in one of the most remote parts of the Yorkshire Dales and potential buyers must walk for 20 minutes to get there from the parking area. The property was originally listed by agents Fisher Hopper last summer for £300,000 but there has been a lack of interest and it has failed to sell even as an AirBnB. Therefore the asking price has now been reduced to £250,000. For those house hunters who would be interested in moving into the cottage will also have to be ready to do it up as it needs a complete renovation with paint peeling from the walls, signs of damp and holes in the floor. However, on the upside as this house sits on the Settle to Carlisle railways and Three Peak Challenge route, it would suit those who are fans of trainspotting. The 1940s ex-railway worker's cottage, with the address of Chapel-le-Dale, a hamlet in the civil parish of Ingleton, North Yorkshire, is one of a row of three but the others have been demolished. The property was built by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway, who ran the nearby Settle to Carlisle line, and is next to the Blea Moor signal box - the most isolated in England that Network Rail still staffs. READ MORE: First time buyer's dramatic transformation of tired Victorian terrace The cottage houses a store room, kitchen, pantry, living room and hall downstairs. Going up the stairs prospective buyers can find three double bedrooms with a bathroom leading from one of them. A description on Rightmove from agents Fisher Hopper reads: "Exciting renovation project in a stunningly beautiful location. "Three Bleamoor Cottages is a former railway worker's home situated on the main hiking path up Whernside, in the Yorkshire Dales. Don't miss... Six ‘bad lawn habits’ to ‘avoid’ for ‘healthy and vibrant’ grass [EXPERT] ‘Stubborn’ grease ‘slips off’ of oven glass when using kitchen item [TIPS] 8 things to ‘avoid’ cleaning with white vinegar - ‘damages’ appliances [INSIGHT] "Adjacent to the famous Settle to Carlisle railway line above Ribblehead, the property presents an interesting investment, with a range of potential commercial opportunities apparent." These opportunities include a private holiday home; unique AirBnB style experience; bunkhouse or refreshment stop on the Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge route. The description continued: "Plans will be subject to the necessary consents - this is in the heart of the National Park - but for the right buyer with vision, there is great potential here." They highlighted due to the "unusual nature of the location", interested parties are advised it is a 20 minute walk from the parking at Ribblehead Viaduct to reach this property. READ MORE: Radiator habit to ‘stop’ as it uses more energy and ‘costs more money’ Parking is at nearby Ribblehead Viaduct, 26 miles south east of Kendal and it will also cost the new owner £125 a year for vehicle access. However the 20 minutes can also be done by a four by four or quad bike. Before coming on the market, the house was previously owned by reclusive John Myerscough. John used a windmill and generator for power, Calor Gas cylinders for cooking, a stove for heat and had water transported to the house by trailer. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea As there previously was no mains sewage, a septic tank was used. However, this has since been disconnected. Due to how remote the property is, prospective buyers may be concerned with how those hired to carry out DIY tasks, such as fit the kitchen, would access the home. As there is a 20 minute walk to the house, it makes carrying out extensive work very difficult. But while it may be a lonely location any buyer would not be short of seeing friendly faces passing by as 200,000 people attempt the Three Peaks Challenge each year. 