Brazilian midfielder Gabriel Menino has revealed he felt like he was "going to die" after following Cristiano Ronaldo's diet. It appears the strict regime followed by the Portuguese superstar isn't for everyone. Ronaldo is known for keeping himself in the best shape. He is still banging in the goals at the age of 38, netting two hat-tricks in his last three games for Al-Nassr. He has been an inspiration for many on the football pitch throughout his illustrious career. But his approach to the game off it has also been something people have attempted to copy. Menino was one of them. The Palmeiras star wanted to adopt the same diet as one of the best footballers in the world in an attempt to see results on the pitch. He wanted to transform his body and look like Ronaldo. But Menino has revealed that was far easier said than done. READ MORE: Man Utd risk repeating Solskjaer transfer mistake with Erik ten Hag threat  He told Palmeiras Cast, via A Bola: "I was at my weight, but I wanted to change. I called Mirtes, Palmeiras' nutritionist, and asked her to make me a Cristiano Ronaldo diet. I wanted to look like Cristiano Ronaldo. "The diet was like this: breakfast was an egg and supplement. Pre-workout was a supplement, lunch could be grilled meat and salad. "For breakfast it was more supplement, for dinner, again, grilled meat and salad, and before going to bed another supplement. That was it. "I was warming up and couldn't take any more running. I just thought, 'I'm going to die.' Five minutes into the game, I couldn't run anymore, I would need to be substituted. "She [Mirtes] saw from above that I was not well. She asked the masseur to bring me gel and isotonic. I took advantage of the fact that Weverton was in attendance and consumed it." DON'T MISSMan Utd team news: Ten Hag set for five changes vs West Ham with double doubtLiverpool boss Klopp finally given chance to start quartet together for first timeTottenham could sign four PSG stars as owners 'plan to clear out £100m in wages'  Ronaldo has already made a big impact at Al-Nassr since joining in December following his exit from Manchester United. He has scored eight league goals in five matches. But the club's nutritionist has also opened up on what he's like off the pitch and the impact he's had on the squad. Jose Blesa said: "Every conversation with him [Ronaldo] is a learning curve. "We met and talked about his diet, about how he understands the importance of this and rest for performance. He wears two rest meters: the ring and the bracelet. He is the first to arrive at training and the last to leave. Dealing with him is wonderful. "Cristiano helps me a lot, because we can no longer teach him anything, but he creates a school around him. The rest of the players do what he does because everything he does is wonderful to improve his performance. Since he has been here, all the players have trained more intensely and followed a stricter diet." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 