When Faye (Ellie Leach) was 13, she gave birth to her daughter Miley (Eilah, Elsie and Erin Halliwell) after sleeping with school friend Jackson Hodge (Rhys Cadman). Faye struggled to come to terms with parenthood leaving Jackson and his parents to take Miley and move to Canada. Official Coronation Street spoilers reveal that Jackson and Miley have returned to the UK, leaving Faye to consider the role she will have in her daughter's life. In upcoming scenes, Faye agrees to a night out with her dad Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) after becoming aware that she has been avoiding him. Whilst the pair are out Faye's phone goes off with a message from Jackson, but she quickly covers it out of sight of Tim. Later, Jackson calls at No.4 and, introduces himself to Sally and Tim as Miley’s Dad and explains that he and Miley have moved to the UK. He reveals that he has been trying to get in touch with Faye since his return for the sake of Miley but has been unable to contact her. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis As Jackson leaves, Sally Metcalfe (Sally Dynevor) breaks the news to Tim that Faye’s been ignoring his messages because she doesn’t want to see her daughter. Tim’s shocked at his daughter's decision. Will Tim and Sally be able to talk Faye into meeting Jackson and Miley? Faye hasn't seen Miley since Jackson took her to Canada and she has since gotten on with her life with her boyfriend Craig Tinker (Colson Smith). However, if Faye starts to spend more time with Miley she could feel she has missed out on her life and want to be involved more. Viewers of the ITV soap have theorised that Faye will leave Weathefield to build a stronger relationship with her daughter. Reddit user cheshirechris71 expressed: "Will it break up Faye and Craig? They're not exactly the most exciting of couples on the street as rarely seen together anyway. "I hope they don't do the usual thing with Corrie and just bring the characters back so they can kill off the other parent." (sic) DON'T MISS...Unforgotten's Cassie Stuart replacement details 'concern' with series [INSIGHT]Countryfile confirms death of guest after heartwarming moment [LATEST]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [WATCH] Round-Leg-1788 commented: "Might lead to Faye leaving?" wallcavities said: "I think this has been on the cards ever since we found out she wasn’t going to be able to have more bio kids. Could she leave to start a life with Miley?" sendmylove added: "Faye could regret her choice if she doesn't at least see Miley once. She could possibly take time away from Weatherfield to build that relationship back if she wants it?" queenteener wrote: "I am going to be heartbroken if Faye leaves Craig... I know that Miley is her daughter but Craig is so good to her.... please don't leave Faye!" corrieislife stated: "Miley comes back, Faye apologises and then she leaves Weathefield. She knows she can't have any kids with Criagey now so this is her only chance!" (sic) Faye has not really been a part of her child's life, even after a surprise run-in with her and Jackson in 2017. They bumped into each other at the hospital, and Faye got to spend some time with her young daughter, only for her then-partner Seb Franklin (Harry Visoni) to get jealous. After he got into a fight with Jackson, he and his family went back to Canada and took Miley with them. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.