Bear sang Lady In Red as he walked to Chelmsford Crown Court to be sentenced, asking people if they wanted to pose for a selfie with him and telling reporters his trial was not fair. The court was told Bear recorded footage of himself and Harrison having sex without Harrison's knowledge and shared it on his OnlyFans website. Ms Harrison is also a reality TV personality, appearing on Love Island, and The Only Way Is Essex. She waived her right to anonymity to help others. In an earlier trial, Jacquelin Carey KC, prosecuting, said Ms Harrison and Bear had had consensual sex at his home in Loughton, Essex, but Ms Harrison did not know they were being recorded. Ms Harrison said when she was shown the footage she told him "never to send" it to anyone and "made it plain how upset she would be if he did", the prosecutor said. The complainant said that she saw Bear send the footage to someone on WhatsApp later that day, and later that year she was made aware that it was circulating online. Ms Carey said Bear uploaded the footage "either himself or had it uploaded to OnlyFans and profited financially". Bear, who has also appeared on Ex On The Beach, denied all charges but was found guilty of voyeurism and of two counts of disclosing private sexual photographs and films with intent to cause distress. But he was jailed on Friday for 21 months. Bear was also ordered to sign the Sex Offenders' Register and will be subject to notification requirements for 10 years, and he was made subject to a restraining order not to contact Georgia Harrison for five years. Bear claimed during his trial he deleted the footage that day and had shared it with no one other than Ms Harrison. However, he was found guilty at Chelmsford Crown Court of voyeurism and two counts of disclosing private sexual photographs and film with intent to cause distress. Bear told reporters gathered at the court it "wasn't a fair trial". He was dropped off a distance from the court and walked up the road with his fiance Jessica Smith before filming a video on his phone, posing for a selfie, and making peace signs to photographers. Judge Christopher Morgan will sentence Bear on Friday. After the trial and the guilty verdict, speaking outside court Ms Harrison said she was "happy and relieved that this matter is finally over". She said: "Today's sentence is a vindication of what I've been put through and sends a clear message that the police and the courts take this matter very seriously. "I want to let all other victims of this crime know that I stand in solidarity with them and I have absolutely no regrets on waiving my anonymity. "I hope that this puts anyone off committing this sort of crime and I hope for anyone else who has been victim of it (that) it gives them some sort of justice." Judge Christopher Morgan, sentencing, said the defendant "wished to exploit the economic value of the recording" of Bear and Ms Harrison having sex.  The judge said in court: "I'm sure that you recognised the enhanced economic value to you by having Georgia Harrison, a well-known reality TV and social media personality, in the video." He said Bear caused Ms Harrison "extensive humiliation and embarrassment". After Bear was jailed, he raised a hand to wave from the secure dock, and said: "Have a good evening. "Enjoy the weekend everyone."