For the Love of DILFs is one of the first dating shows of its kind, following two groups of gay men, the ‘Himbos’ and the ‘Daddies’, as they try to find love during a luxurious stay in DILF Mansion. Host Stormy Daniels presents a series of tantalising challenges as well as a shoulder to cry on throughout the proceedings, and exclusively chatted to Express.co.uk about her first reality show experience. Daniels teased there could be more reality show appearances on the horizon after the success of For the Love of DILFs. The adult film actress was originally meant to make her first foray into reality TV in the 2018 edition of Celebrity Big Brother. However, the appearance fell through, and she hasn’t taken part in any other shows since. “I turn down a lot,” she told Express.co.uk. “I won’t mention what I’ve turned down. But I have two on my wishlist.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' After hosting Out TV’s new LGBTQ+ dating show, Daniels is ready to take on some heavy hitters in the US reality show scene. “One is sort of obtainable, the other is never going to f*****g happen,” she admitted. “But I want to be one of the judges on Dragula. “The other one is, I want to be on Dancing with the Stars. I know every single step to Dirty Dancing. I know all of them. Patrick Swayze was my first love.” Dragula, hosted by the Boulet Brothers, is horror fans' answer to RuPaul’s Drag Race, whilst Dancing with the Stars is the equally popular US edition of Strictly Come Dancing. When asked if she’d ever tackle Dancing on Ice instead, Daniels replied: “No, even roller skating is tragic! Anything that propels movement on my feet, I am way too top-heavy.” And as for a potential return to Big Brother, she added: “No, I can’t do that one. That one was kind of a disaster.” The Love of DILFs has been a hit with audiences so far, and Daniels is currently preparing to start filming season two later this year. Although her first hosting job on one of the first-ever gay dating shows has been a resounding success, the next opportunity would have to be an even more extraordinary project for Daniels to sign on. “That’s actually what made me say, ‘Yes’. I’ll be completely honest, if this was a straight dating show, first of all, they’re done to death,” she said of the new series. DON'T MISS:The Good Doctor fans ecstatic as star makes bombshell comeback [VIDEO]Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck sparks meltdown with Magnum PI reunion [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [LATEST] “They feel so disingenuous and contrived. I would have said, ‘No. It’s been done, it’s not fresh, it’s not advancing anything'. There’s no positive stuff, except entertainment value, but I entertain people enough by taking my clothes off, so I don’t need that. “This I said, ‘Yes’ to because it was the first of its kind. It’s moving this community into the spotlight, the mainstream, and exposing people to them.” During the series, Daniels not only kicks off each day’s challenges but also regularly checks in with the contestants to have a heart-to-heart about their experience. “I was concerned by how they’d be portrayed,” she admitted. “But then I found out the production company, the producers and the crew were also queer. So it wasn’t like a bunch of uptight, mainstream people trying to water it down or make it fake." “Everything about it lined up and it was great. And I got there and was even more pleasantly surprised by how real the contestants were. “Obviously we want to see hot people, and there’s plenty of that, but they’re not all the same. “In other reality shows, they’re cookie cutter, and these people are not. There are different body types and backgrounds, and the variety that was represented was really cool.” While it’s unlikely she’ll be paying a visit to Casa Amor or other Love Island copycats any time soon, Daniels’ stint on Out TV could open the floodgates to more guest appearances to come. For The Love Of DILFs is now streaming on Froot.TV.