Virgin Media O2 has expanded its support further for those hit hardest by the cost of living crisis by enabling more people than ever to sign up for its social broadband tariffs. As of today, 9.7 million people claiming certain benefits, such as Universal Credit, will be eligible for the provider’s social tariffs, Essential Broadband and Essential Broadband Plus The change has been made possible after Virgin Media O2 made the move to fully integrate the Department for Work and Pensions' social tariff checking tool. This makes it faster and easier for customers to prove their eligibility with an automated check. The change will mean low-income families and those who need support most can receive cheaper broadband more quickly, as they won't have to repeatedly prove their benefit status. Alongside Universal Credit, the full list of benefits that qualify for the support includes people in the UK receiving Income-based Employment Support Allowance (I-ESA), Income-based Jobseekers Allowance (I-JSA), Income Support (IS), Pension Credit (PC). READ MORE: DWP benefit claimants eligible for £180 broadband bill discount  The price of basic Essential Broadband, which was initially available to just those receiving Universal Credit, was cut by 16 percent to £12.50 per month last year for all new and existing customers. Virgin Media O2 later released a new, faster tier called ‘Essential Broadband Plus’ that delivers speeds of 54Mbps for just £20 per month. All Essential Broadband products come with no fixed-term contract and no activation fees. Along with consumer bodies, including Which?, the business is also calling for a cut in VAT on social tariffs, from 20 percent to no more than five percent, which is in line with other utilities such as gas and electricity. Virgin Media O2 has said it is committed to directly pass on any VAT cut in a price reduction to all its Essential Broadband plans, which will mean a further price drop to just £10.93 for 15Mbps and £17.50 for 54Mbps packages, helping to generate extra savings for households that need them most each month. DON'T MISS: Calls for Universal Credit reforms to meet huge childcare costs [INSIGHT]Thousands of Universal Credit claimants could see payments cut [EXPLAINED]Figures show working pensioners have seen income plunge by £3,000 [ANALYSIS]    Jeff Dodds, chief operating officer at Virgin Media O2 said: “As the first major provider to introduce a social tariff, and the only operator to have cut the price of this, we have a history of stepping up in tough times. "Connectivity remains essential in so many ways, so we are expanding the eligibility criteria for our social tariffs to make it easier and faster for millions more low-income families to access this support during the cost of living crisis.” Commenting on the incentive, Abigail Wood, CEO at Age UK London, said: “We know from our own research that 20 percent of people in London over the age of 65 do not use the internet as much as they would like because they don’t have access to broadband or suitable equipment. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get £900 cost of living payment  “Age UK London has been calling for internet providers to ensure that older consumers aren’t excluded from accessing the cheapest broadband deals, so today’s announcement is a really positive step forward.” National Databank – free mobile connectivity As part of an ongoing commitment to tackling data poverty, Virgin Media O2, in partnership with the Good Things Foundation, also founded the UK’s National Databank to provide free mobile data to people who need it.  Virgin Media O2 is donating more than 61 million GB of free O2 data to the National Databank to help people most affected by the cost of living crisis stay connected. The initiative has been described as a “foodbank” but for free mobile data, texts, and calls, which can be accessed through more than 900 of Good Things Foundation's community partners across the UK. The initiative is also available at up to ten O2 high street stores, including Ballymena, Broadstairs (Thanet Westwood Cross) Colchester, Hastings, Hull (Jameson Street), Norwich, Newport, Perth, Plymouth, and Stockton-on-Tees (Teesside Retail Park). 