Alternative music fans: look no further. This year's Slam Dunk Festival is bigger and better than ever, and it has perhaps the best line-up of acts in the history of the festival. Taking place across one weekend over two massive locations in May this year, rock and alternative music fans will be able to settle into some of the biggest acts in the world, including PVIRS and The Offspring who will be delivering their only UK date this year. On top of that, international sad boys Real Friends and Movements are hitting stages across the festival, as well. Tickets for Slam Dunk Festival 2023 went on sale late last year, and the Early Bird tickets sold out extremely quickly - but there is hope. The general admission tickets are still available, and fans should act fast if they want to grab them. Express.co.uk has all the information you need to grab tickets before your time is up. There's also a major change in the way tickets are being released, as under-14s are now allowed into the festival. Tickets for under-14s are priced differently, and attendees will require parents or guardians to attend. What's more, under-5s go free - this way, pop-punk parents can finally attend with the entire family. Tickets for Slam Dunk Festival South and Slam Dunk Festival North are available now from TicketWeb. On this site, pop-punk fans can grab tickets for both Slam Dunk Festival events across the weekend of May 27-28. As per usual, there are two events on the Slam Dunk weekend: Slam Dunk South (Buy your tickets HERE) and Slam Dunk North (Buy your tickets HERE). South will be taking place in Hertfordshire while North will be kicking off Leeds. Both sets of tickets will be available at the same prices, with a number of optional extras included in the line-up. Both events will also have the same musical line-ups, meaning no one will miss out on their favourite acts regardless of their festival location choice. Buy your Slam Dunk South tickets here. Buy your Slam Dunk North tickets here. Slam Dunk Festival 2023 tickets begin from £97.90 per general admission ticket for both Slam Dunk North and Slam Dunk South. This includes a standard ticket price and a £8.90 fee from the retailer. There is also a non-optional £1 fee for eTickets, that allows fans to use their phones to get in the festival gates. These tickets are available for attendees aged 14 and up. There are also extra transport options to add to the tickets on TicketWeb. The first is the return shuttle bus which runs from 8:30am to the festival. This option also gives purchasers the option to get a return shuttle bus back to the festival's local city until 1am. The return shuttle bus ticket costs £10 with an additional £1 fee. On top of this, single shuttle bus tickets can be purchased either way (either from the city to the festival, or vice versa). These tickets will cost £5 with an additional £1 fee. There are also tickets for car parking at your festival of choice. These car parking tickets will allow attendees to park their cars at the festival for easy access to and from the festivities. The car parking tickets cost £6 with an additional £1 fee. Further festival tickets can be "purchased" for Slam Dunk Festival attendees who are under the age of 5-years-old. These tickets are completely free but must be included in the checkout process, and the children must be accompanied by parents or guardians throughout the entire event. All of these added extras will be available to put into your "basket" at checkout.  Slam Dunk Festival 2023 is taking place over two days in May. Saturday's event - Slam Dunk South - is taking place in Hatfield Park, Hatfield, Hertfordshire. This is the first time the event is taking place at this venue and has a reported capacity of 23,000 for the massive event. The second event, which is taking place on Sunday, is being marked as Slam Dunk North. This massive event is taking place in Temple Newsam in Leeds. This location has a reported 70,000 capacity and continues the tradition of the festival taking place in this part of the country. Slam Dunk Festival 2023 takes place over two massive days of live rock and alternative music. Slam Dunk kicks off on Saturday, May 27, 2023, and will begin Slam Dunk South in Hatfield. The second day is Sunday, May 28, 2023, and kicks off Slam Dunk North in Leeds. There are separate tickets available for both days of the festival, both of which have the same price. There are some massive acts headlining Slam Dunk Festival 2023. At the top of the list is The Offspring, Enter Shikari, Creeper and Bowling For Soup, to name a few. There are also some major acts supporting the festival throughout the day, including The Hunna, The Maine, Malevolence, and some classic artists including Four Year Strong, Real Friends and Boston Manor. Every act is playing across both days of Slam Dunk Festival's weekend, meaning nobody will miss out on their favourite band no matter which festival they attend - be it North or South. You can see a full list of the festival's line-up below.