Photos have emerged of the chilling shack where two Americans were found dead along with two survivors after they were kidnapped by a Mexican cartel. Shaeed Woodard, 33, and Zindell Brown, in his mid-20s, were found dead while friends Eric James Williams and Latavia "Tay" McGee - who was visiting Mexico for a tummy tuck operation, according to relatives – were rescued. Satellite images show the storage shed where the four were found in the middle of nowhere. The shack appears to be in the middle of fields just outside the city of Matamoros, Tamaulipas - where the four Americans were reported captured. The body of one of the victims was discovered just outside the hut, while the other was moved inside with McGee and Williams. Mexican officials said autopsies will be conducted on their bodies to assess how and when they died. JUST IN: Elon Musk caught laughing at disabled Twitter employee in public row after sacking  The group had only just arrived in Mexico after travelling all the way from South Carolina to accompany McGee to her appointment. Matamoros is reportedly plagued by drug cartel factions fighting in the street, and the four Americans are believed to have been caught in a tragic mix-up. Authorities suggested the group might have been mistaken for Haitian drug smugglers after getting lost on their way to the doctor's office on March 3. Tamaulipas Attorney General Irving Barrios Mojica said no ransom was requested since the kidnapping as he suggested "that it was confusion, not a direct attack.” DON'T MISS Paedophile caught with 15,000 indecent images of children spared jail [LATEST] Border staff stretched thin as agents sent north to cover 'weak point' [ANALYSIS] Woman raped and strangled by 'MS-13 member who crossed border as kid' [CRIME] Zindell Brown's sister Zalandria said she last spoke to her brother the day before the kidnapping, and he had voiced his concern about driving to Matamoros because of the high crime rate. She told AP: "Zindell kept saying: ‘We shouldn’t go down." Brown lived in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, and his sister said he was "extremely close" to McGee, Williams and Woodard. Zalandria said the four had decided to travel together to split driving duties. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews