Arsenal star Jorginho couldn't contain himself after spotting Gabriel Jesus in the middle of a driving lesson seemingly outside the Gunners' training ground. The Brazilian striker has been out of action since suffering an injury at the World Cup for his country. He underwent surgery at the start of December and appears close to a return to the pitch for Arsenal. Jesus celebrated with his team-mates on the side of the pitch at the weekend following Arsenal's dramatic comeback win over Bournemouth. And the Brazil international is reportedly in contention to play a part in Arsenal's Europa League clash against Sporting Lisbon on Thursday. But Jesus has seemingly been passing the time in his recovery by taking driving lessons in the UK. And the 25-year-old was busted by team-mate Jorginho in the middle of a driving lesson with the Italian poking fun at the forward. Posting a clip on his Instagram, Jorginho began by shouting "Gabi" out of his car window to a blue car with a learning plate on it. A sheepish Jesus then rolled down his window with Jorginho asking "what are you doing?" before bursting into fits of laughter. Jesus saw the funny side of the exchange, holding his thumb up to Jorginho's camera before replying, "Practicing, my friend". He then had a cheeky request for Jorginho, adding: “Nice car huh? Practising, my friend. Can I practice in your car?” And Jorginho, who was still giggling throughout the exchange, answered: “No chance mate! Good luck, good lesson.” Don't miss... Arsenal urged to hijack Liverpool transfer for Mount on one condition [LATEST] The Premier League table minus VAR as Arsenal top and Liverpool flying [LATEST] Gary Neville still not convinced by Arsenal due to Arteta match flaws [LATEST] When Jesus was ruled out for several months after undergoing knee surgery, questions were raised on how Arsenal was going to replace his presence in front of goal. But Eddie Nketiah stepped up in Jesus' absence to play an important role in helping Arsenal maintain their title push. Arteta praised his squad for stepping in for Jesus, but the Arsenal boss is clearly delighted that his main striker will return soon. "We knew the importance of Gabi, what he was bringing to the team and the way he transformed this period and the belief and in the end the level of performance we could reach," Arteta said last week. "But to be fair the team took a step forward, individual players took more responsibility and they were really keen to maintain that level. We have done that so far, it's really pleasing to see players are not looking for an excuse or look aside and expect someone else to do it, but they took initiative and developing those leadership qualities is really important."