Many older people are struggling with the cost of living on a limited income, however, some are worse off when compared to others. It is at this point where benefits can step in, providing valuable support to the people who need it. However, income-poor pensioners receive less in state benefits than those with higher incomes, according to new research. Retirement analysts Just Group looked at five groups of retirees across Office for National Statistics (ONS) data. It found the lowest income retirees receives £9,382 a year on average in cash benefits, including state pension payments. But this is £5,197 a year less than those in the top income group. READ MORE: WASPI women set to brave snow to rally for ‘justice’ Those in the top group had a gross annual income of £74,573 - nearly six times higher than the lowest income pensioners on £12,767. The data found the largest disparity in the amount of benefits and state pension received was between group one - with the lowest gross income - and groups three and four. Groups three and four were found to have claimed an extra £5,677 and £5,723 respectively. In terms of weekly income, this means those with the highest annual household income receive £100 more a week in cash benefits and the state pension, than those with the least income. Don't miss... Furious Britons call for free prescription age to remain at 60 [LATEST] Britons warned the ‘price of happiness’ in retirement is £145,833 [EXCLUSIVE] Britons hit out as rail fares hiked by 5.9 percent [NEWS] Stephen Lowe, group communications director at retirement specialist Just Group, said: “The findings challenge the notion that most state support for retired people goes to those with the lowest income – in fact it actually goes to those in the middle and upper ends of the retirement income scale. “The shared characteristic of retired people on the lowest incomes is that they receive less state pension than any of the other groups, perhaps because they did not achieve the qualifying years needed or missed out on additional pension such as State Earnings Related Pension Scheme (SERPS) or state second pension (S2P). “They also have lower levels of savings or investments which contributes to lower retirement incomes overall.” The annual insight report from Just Group showed nearly two-thirds of retired homeowners were failing to claim any of the benefits they were entitled to. This group missed out on a valuable £1,100 a year. A fifth of eligible pensioners stated they were claiming some benefits, but not the full amount, with an average annual loss from under claiming of £660. Mr Lowe continued: “Eight in 10 retirees in the lowest income group own their homes, a higher proportion than the middling income groups – which means they can’t qualify for housing benefit. “Our additional concern is that a ‘property rich, income poor’ group may unfairly miss out on benefits they are entitled to if they assume that owning their home disqualifies them. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Many pensioners are feeling the financial squeeze following a winter of sky-high energy costs as well as a spike in inflation on everyday items like food. “Retirees missing out on benefits are losing vital income that could make all the difference in the current cost of living crisis.” There are several places pensioners could look for support should they need it. Groups such as Citizens Advice, Age UK and the MoneyHelper service could provide important guidance to older Britons. In addition, the Government directs individuals to free, benefits calculators such as turn2us and Policy in Practice which can offer a better picture on one’s circumstances.