Stranger Things is set to return at some point in the near future which will see Eleven (played by Millie Bobby Brown) and the rest of the crew back to protect Hawkins from the evil forces of Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). Star David Harbour may have teased fans with a filming update but it looks like they will be waiting quite a while for Stranger Things' return, as filming hasn't even kicked off yet.  Original cast member Harbour dropped the season five update whilst he made an appearance at the Middle East Film & Comic Con this weekend in Abu Dhabi. Stranger Things' fandom has been patiently waiting for an update since Hawkins plunged into chaos last July. Harbour confirmed the cast has planned to begin filming for the upcoming season this summer, meaning fans still have a way to go until production kicks off. He also revealed he has a strict few months ahead as he trains to get into shape to reprise the role of detective Jim Hopper.  The actor revealed: "We're walking into season five. I've got a couple more months to train. We start shooting that in June. "I did a lot of training for season four. He [Hopper] was in a very specific position, that Russian prison. "It was about making him a different guy and sort of shedding a layer of himself physically, mentally, and emotionally. "But now he's back in town, he's back in America where they have cheeseburgers, so he will be well-fed," Harbour added.  Harbour remained tight-lipped when it came to what the upcoming season will entail for him and the gang. Although the actor did remind fans of Hopper's return to the United States following his treacherous stay in the Russian prison of Kamchatka last season, which saw the actor lose 75 lbs to get in character for. As the actor mentioned, Hopper spent the majority of the fourth season in Russia before being reunited with Joyce (Winona Ryder) and Murrey Bauman (Brett Gelman) who helped him escape the prison. Fans then witnessed the heartfelt moment Hopper and his on-screen adopted daughter, Eleven met again after years of being separated. Hopper made a dramatic comeback to Stranger Things in the previous season, as fans actually believed he was dead. The last time fans saw Hopper prior to season four, was during the finale episode of season three named The Battle of Starcourt. The chief detective was seemingly engulfed in flames after Joyce flipped the switch that caused the huge explosion. But it was revealed at the beginning of the fourth season's second episode that Hopper had survived the blast and had just fallen down onto a lower platform   While his update is exciting to some extent, Harbour did confirm that the fifth instalment “will be the final season”. Fans have spent four seasons watching the Stranger Things characters battle with the upside down and now their biggest challenge comes in the form of an evil entity called Vecna. A release date has not been confirmed at the moment, though it has been hinted that fans will see Stranger Things return sometime in 2024. Stranger Things seasons 1-4 are currently streaming on Netflix.