Kate, Princess of Wales has attracted attention with her bold outfit worn for an official visit in Windsor, with one body language expert claiming that the princess "means business". For the trip to visit the Welsh Guards at Combermere Barracks with Prince William Kate stunned in a bright red Alexander McQueen coat, with a striking black Juliette Botterill hat and Evica gloves with an intricate design. Human behaviour expert and "body language guy" Jesús Enrique Rosas tweeted of her ensemble: "Right in the middle of #frogxit, Catherine appears with a hat that resembles a Zulu shield. "And wearing red and black, the colors of war. She means business." It was confirmed today that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been asked to leave Frogmore Cottage, their official UK residence, not long after the publication of Harry's memoir Spare, in a move that has been dubbed "frogxit". The book made a number of damaging allegations against the royals, with Kate's husband William accused of physically attacking his younger brother during an argument in 2019. Relations between the Prince and Princess of Wales and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are said to be "non-existent", according to royal sources. One told the Daily Mail: "There is still a huge amount of ill will boiling over in the family." Their removal from Frogmore Cottage has now raised even more questions as to whether Harry and Meghan will attend the King's Coronation in May. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'resisting' Frogmore move as he doesn't want to downsize  Harry has said in interviews that he desires a reconciliation with his family, but that conversations would need to take place in "private". In spite of the rift Buckingham Palace have been preparing for the prince to attend his father's Coronation, although it is not certain if his wife will accompany him. The date falls on the same day as their son Archie's fourth birthday, leading some to speculate she may skip the ceremony for that reason. DON'T MISS:King's Frogmore decision tells Harry their relationship his over [LATEST]Prince Harry asked Mike Tindall for his autograph after World Cup [REVEAL]Prince Harry leaves audience in stitches during latest TV interview [SPOTLIGHT] If Harry does choose to make the trip he will not be able to stay at Frogmore, which has reportedly been offered to Prince Andrew instead. The Duke of York currently lives in Royal Lodge, close to Frogmore in Windsor, but may have to downsize due to financial constraints as his annual grant is about to be cut. The Sussexes now reside in Montecito, California, but maintained Frogmore as their UK base when they travelled across the Atlantic. The couple flew to the UK for the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last June, but were sat apart from William and Kate. 