A pilot and passenger walked away from a crash unscathed after finding a fault with the plane's landing gear. The pilot, 45, had noticed the Lancair 320’s main landing gear was “not locked down” while flying with one passenger last year on a commercial flight. The plane was due to land in Little Snoring Airfield, but the quick-thinking pilot was forced to stage a crash landing on October 7. Both the pilot and the passenger walked away unharmed.   An Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) report said the 45-year-old pilot instead “used the right aileron to hold the wing off the ground during the landing rollout”. An examination of the plane found the right landing gear shock absorber had already discharged. Investigators said the pilot “maintained directional control using differential braking” during the emergency landing at Little Snoring Airfield, near Fakenham. The report found that as the plane slowed down, it skewed off the runway and the nose gear collapsed. READ MORE: BBC crisis hits Sunday shows as Chelsea vs Man Utd and MOTD2 impacted  The accident report added that when the aircraft was examined, it showed a problem with the right landing gear shock absorber had prevented the strut from extending as its wheel left the ground. That meant the tyre had caught on the edge of the wheel bay and prevented the gear from lowering. The report also revealed an issue with the shock absorber in the left main landing gear, which had worked. The report read: “Eventually, as the aircraft slowed, it slewed off the paved surface. “The nose gear collapsed as it entered a rut at the edge of a field.” Don't miss... Snow to engulf UK again as Artic blast brings severe ice and cold [LATEST] Teacher pleads guilty for sex with teen pupil but avoids jail [REVEAL] Russia attacks Ukrainian town with 'thermite bombs'  [INSIGHT] The report stated the pilot tried several “high-energy manoeuvres to free the gear but to no avail” and had tried an emergency lowering procedure. It stated: “He briefed his passenger on the situation and that he would be carrying out a landing with the left main and nose landing gear locked down only. “He made a stable approach and landed and used the right aileron to hold the wing off the ground during the landing rollout and maintained directional control using differential braking.” The commercial pilot had completed 2,964 flying hours before flying the commercial plane on October 7.  