A newborn baby has been rushed to hospital after they were dumped in a bin outside a petrol station. The one-hour-old baby was found by an employee inside a bag in a toilet bin. Venissa Maldonado, 25, has now been arrested in connection with the crime, local police say. Police charged Maldonado with attempted murder and felony child abuse. Sgt Ryan O'Neil also told the New York Post that the suspect was the mother of the baby. A mugshot of the 25-year-old suspect has been released, but a trial date has not yet been set. The petrol station employee in Fullerton, California first heard the baby crying in the bathroom and went to investigate, KCAL News reported. The baby was rushed to hospital in Orange County when police and fire crews arrived. It is not yet clear where the mother of the baby gave birth to the child. Speaking to KCAL News before an arrest was made, Sgt. O'Neil said: "I think that'd be a tragic event for anybody put in that situation. "But for everybody out there, we'd like you to know there are laws that regulate safe surrender for parents who do not want their child, and they have 72 hours to make that decision." In a statement after the arrest of suspect Maldonado, Fullerton Police Department said: "After conducting a thorough investigation, which included surveillance footage and possible suspect vehicle information, detectives served a search warrant at approximately 1:45am in the 400 block of W. Orangethorpe Ave. Don't miss... Silicon Valley Bank seized by regulators after run on deposits [LATEST] Man, 81, buried in snow for a week survives on croissants and sweets [BIZARRE] OAP handed life term after murder of doctor he blamed for wife's death [LATEST] "Ultimately, a 25-year-old female resident of Fullerton, Venissa Maldonado, was arrested for attempted murder and felony child abuse." When emergency services arrived at the Chevron gas station in Orangethorpe Avenue, they immediately tried to save the baby's life. Police are not yet certain whether Maldonado gave birth in the petrol station bathroom or not. It is unclear if the suspect has made pleas against the charges or hired an attorney to comment on the case.