Several Tottenham stars are likely to be offloaded this summer if Mauricio Pochettino returns to the Premier League outfit. Antonio Conte is expected to leave Spurs at the end of the season when his contract expires, with the Italian failing to end the club’s trophy drought during his tenure in north London. Spurs were dumped out of the Champions League earlier this week, losing 1-0 on aggregate to AC Milan. Tottenham hardly mustered up any chances over the course of the two legs, sparking widespread criticism from supporters and pundits. The former Chelsea boss is out of contract at the end of the season and Spurs aren’t expected to activate the one-year extension clause in the deal, prompting calls for Pochettino to return. The Argentine is still adored by fans and has made it no secret that he would like to return previously. The ex-PSG boss would have an almighty task on his hands if he was to take the job, namely because the squad is littered with fringe players who would hardly have a sniff at other ‘Big Six’ sides. Express Sport takes a look at seven players who could be moved on… Don't miss... Carragher tells Tottenham it 'makes sense' to sell Kane to Man Utd [LATEST] Davinson Sanchez Tottenham lack serious quality in central defence, and Davinson Sanchez has not provided that for the past few seasons. The Colombian international has made 13 league appearances for Spurs so far this season, starting six matches, and his displays have only proven that he needs to be moved on. Emerson Royal Although he has broken back into Conte’s side, it may be time for Spurs to cut their losses on Emerson Royal. The arrival of Pedro Porro has proven that the Brazilian is not deemed a long-term option on the right, and his presence may only hinder the development of Djed Spence upon his return. Clement Lenglet The arrival of a fresh face in the dugout makes it very unlikely that Tottenham attempt to sign Clement Lenglet permanently. The loanee was brought in as a ‘last resort’ over the summer, and striking a deal with Barcelona permanently would indicate that Spurs lack the confidence to bring in their top targets. Don't miss... Five stars that supported Arsenal growing up including Kane and Zaha  [LATEST] Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [BLOG] Tottenham may owe Chelsea and Potter gratitude amid growing crisis [COMMENT] Giovani Lo Celso Giovani Lo Celso’s injury problems have continued to be an issue whilst out on loan at Villarreal, making just nine league appearances for the club, and he could be another star that Pochettino rules not fit for purpose upon his arrival. If Spurs are to progress, they will need a squad bought into the vision, and it is hard to see what an injury-prone player can provide. Sergio Reguilon With Destiny Udogie arriving at the end of the season, Sergio Reguilon is likely to struggle for opportunities at Tottenham upon his return. The Spaniard is currently out on loan at Atletico Madrid but has hardly featured for the club, and a vote of confidence in new surroundings could help the let-back get his career back on track – as well as earn Spurs a reasonable transfer fee. Tanguy Ndombele France international Tanguy Ndombele is undoubtedly naturally gifted, though his low stamina levels and lack of pace makes it tricky to imagine him being a success in the Premier League. The Napoli loanee has a £26million buyout clause in his current contract and the Serie A table-toppers could be tempted to activate that and guarantee themselves depth in the centre of the park. Ivan Perisic Despite being a free transfer, Ivan Perisic has underwhelmed since his arrival at Tottenham. The Croatia international has hardly shown any glimpses of the player that ran riot at his former clubs, both as a wingback and as a winger, and it may be the right time for the 34-year-old to be moved on and relieve the club of his significant wages given that he is one of the highest-paid players at the club.