The Christmas Special of All Creatures Great and Small came to an emotional end when Siegfried Farnon (played by Samuel West) found out his brother Tristan (Callum Woodhouse) had been called on to fight in the war. Fans have been left on tenterhooks following the heartbreaking storyline at the end of series three, but Samuel's update has lifted their moods.  The last season of the Channel 5 programme explored how difficult life was during the Second World War for everyone at Skeldale House. Loved ones were torn apart and viewers fought back tears as Siegfried and his brother said goodbye to one another in emotional scenes. "Right well, just don't do anything stupid, promise me?" Siegfried demanded of his younger brother. "I promise I won't disgrace the family name," Tristan replied. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Samuel has now shared a photograph of a clapperboard in light of his 101,000 Twitter followers and captioned it with an "exciting" message. He penned on Monday: "I hope these rhymes are not a bore; Today we started Season Four. "(To second-guess your naming queries we’re also starting Four: The Series ) #AllCreaturesGreatAndSmall." (sic) The announcement thrilled All Creatures Great and Small fans who were quick to comment on the exciting update.  Sara penned: "So excited for more #ACGAS! Yay!" Jennifer Mitchell wrote: "I don’t think there’s a cartwheeling emoji, but hooray!" Sarah Tyler said: "Wonderful news, I'm over the moon. I hope we'll see the new series soon." Jean added: "I can't wait for the next season of this beautifully done, perfectly casted #ACGAS #AllCreaturesGreatAndSmall! Wish it could go on forever!" (sic)  Don't miss... ACGAS Helen Alderson star 'couldn't go out' after landing role [LATEST] 'Effective' deterrents to 'eliminate' rats in your loft for good [LATEST] Elvis Presley kept donkeys in Graceland's swimming pool [LATEST] Marcy Rosebud shared: "Thanks for the update that this wonderful show will return. "What’s not to like: the beautiful English countryside, appealing characters (portrayed by brilliant actors), and compelling storytelling, among other attributes. #Serendipity." (sic) "Looking forward to seeing all my favourite creatures and humans back on screen," Carmen commented. Channel 5 is yet to confirm when All Creatures Great and Small will air season four.  Anna Madeley, who plays Mrs Hall in the drama, discussed upcoming seasons of the show with Radio Times in December. When asked if the show will air beyond season four, she shared: "As long as it has an audience who would like to watch it, [it] would be great. "I mean, there's so many good stories out there that we can still use and it's been written so well, and we all have a lot of fun doing it. So, hopefully, a long time." All Creatures Great and Small episodes can be streamed on My5. 