Sophie dazzled as she stepped out for her first major engagement as the Duchess of Edinburgh. The senior royal was all smiles as she arrived at Westminster Abbey alongside Prince Edward to attend the Commonwealth Day service. Sophie wore cream coat, complete with brown buttons, as she walked into the Abbey alongside the Duke of Edinburgh. The coat was by Proenze Schouler - a designer she has worn on many occasions in the past. She accessorised with a pair of drop earrings, which have rarely been seen by royal fans in the past - except for Sophie and Edward's wedding, back in 1999. Today's service marks the first since the beginning of King Charles III's reign in September. The monarch led the procession inside the abbey and the celebrations of the 54-strong membership the late Queen held dear and spearheaded throughout her reign. The King was accompanied not just by the newly-created Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh but also by the Queen Consort, the Prince and Princess of Wales, Princess Anne and Sir Timothy Laurence. READ MORE: Princess Kate mesmerises in Diana's sapphire earrings at Commonwealth Day Service today Edward and Sophie's presence at such a significant ceremony for the Firm reinforces their image as key members of the Firm. While they started carrying out public duties in the early 2000s, public attention focused on the pair in 2020, following the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's announcement they would step down as senior royals. Edward and Sophie have since taken on more patronages - all related to causes close to their heart, including the arts and fighting gender-based violence - and appear to have consecrated their position within the Royal Family to be led by Charles amid his rumoured streamlining plans. Their more prominent role was marked on Friday, when King Charles marked the 59th birthday of Edward by creating him a Duke. During today's ceremony, Charles is to leave his mark as he will break with the tradition set by his mother and read out his Commonwealth Day message from the Great Pulpit. READ MORE:  Royal Family LIVE: King Charles tipped to completely snub Prince Harry in his will The late Queen Elizabeth II never delivered the message in person but, rather recorded it in audio form and had it printed on the order of the service. The theme of this year's Commonwealth Day service is "forging a sustainable and peaceful common future", and King Charles's speech is likely to speak about issues related to it. As revealed by the Daily Express earlier this month, the address is likely going to touch on the global fight against climate change, the support for free and democratic societies and the promotion of peace and prosperity around the Commonwealth and the world. Don't miss... POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [POLL] Charles's slimmed-down monarchy plan overshadowed, expert suggests [LATEST] Kate is ‘most relaxed as a parent’ with one child in particular  [LATEST] Sophie and Edward got married in 1999, sharing two children during their marriage. Upon receiving their new titles, their 15-year-old son James was bestowed the title of Earl of Wessex, a title held by his own father before receiving him Dukedom earlier this week. Despite their royal title change, their 19-year-old daughter kept her title as Lady Louise Windsor.