One of the best ways to remove weeds from patios and paving is to get down on your knees and dig them out yourself. However, this is laborious and can take hours, if not days, to tackle a large outdoor area. Furthermore, simply pulling out the leafy part of the weed will only see them return weeks later. Gardeners have to work even harder to ensure all parts of the root are removed from the paving. Rather than pulling them out manually, Mrs Hinch fans have shared their simple, natural solution for banishing and preventing weeds from growing between patio and paving slabs. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram and is an author and lifestyle influencer who often shares her gardening and home advice with her followers. Recently, fans of hers have taken to social media to share their own hacks for solving common household and garden problems. On one such social media group, Facebook user Sue Wright asked: “Best way of getting rid of weeds between pavement slabs? Sick of industrial cleaner, they grow back so soon. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p “I’ve heard of vinegar and boiling water, really does this actually work? Just thought I’d ask and see what you people recommend. Thank you.” The post was flooded with responses but the most suggested method was to use white vinegar either by itself or mixed with salt, water and washing up liquid. Tina Christoffersen said: “In places you do not want any growth of anything, white vinegar with salt and water. “I use a five-gallon bucket with a gallon of vinegar and a bunch of salt. Mix well and pour onto those places. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass [INSIGHT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [UPDATE]Cleaning solutions to ‘avoid’ using on your sofas [ANALYSIS] “Be careful not to get it anywhere you want something to grow.” Valerie Carter Anderson replied: “White vinegar, salt, a little washing up liquid and water. Be careful, salt kills all plants.” Julie Simpson Worrall wrote: “Salt, white vinegar and a small amount of washing up liquid. “It’s cheaper than weed killer and it does work. [Use] boiling water to dissolve most of your salt, it’s worked very well for me the last two years.” READ MORE: Monty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Merilyn Walser commented: “Commercial strength 45 percent vinegar.” Alison Harris posted: “White vinegar, washing up liquid and salt massively helped.” Gloria Clarkson-Wanders said: “I mix five litres of white Cleaning vinegar with a good squirt of washing up liquid. “A big pump spray bottle works a treat. They say to add salt for permanent removal but don’t go near the edges of the lawn.” Karen Simpson wrote: “I read the other day to mix salt in with the vinegar and washing up liquid. Apparently, it kills everything though so don’t spot spray on your lawn.” White vinegar is a household staple that can be found in homes across the nation. However, those who don’t own any can buy it online or at a local supermarket. Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray costs £1.50, Sainsbury's Distilled Vinegar costs 40p, ASDA Distilled Malt Vinegar costs 29p and Mireco White Vinegar Lime Power costs £1 from Savers. Other suggestions for banishing weeds from patios included using boiling water, bleach, salt and a weed burner. Karen Chamberlain said: “Just boiling water if I have any left after making a brew. Don't need any caustic products, [they’re] not good for the planet.” Sandra Armstrong commented: “We use diluted bleach but keep away from flower beds.” Lyn Marshall replied: “Rock salt. Sweep it in, leave overnight then sweep it all away along with the dead weeds.” Jane Campey wrote: “I use a weed burner on my patio. I’ve done it for years and as long as you keep on top of it, it is a fast and non-back-breaking method. It’s quite satisfying to see the weeds disappear in front of your eyes.”