Outer Banks has already been renewed for a fourth season on Netflix and the gang is on course to solve a new mystery. At the end of the third season, a mysterious man asked for their help in tracking down an infamous pirate's treasure. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about Edward Teach.  The latest season of Outer Banks saw Denmark Tanny's treasure slip from Pope's (played by Jonathan Daviss) grasp. New antagonist Carlos Singh (Andy McQueen) was looking for the legendary city of gold, El Dorado. He believed the Pogues could lead him to it with Tanny’s diary, but there were a number of setbacks for the Pogues along the way. By the end of the series, the mystery surrounding the Royal Merchant and Denmark Tanny had been solved. A time jump took viewers 18 months into the future when a stranger approached the gang for help. READ MORE: Outer Banks star insists 'I don't want to talk’ about season 3 probe He hoped they could help him look at an old captain’s log belonging to Edward Teach, otherwise known as Blackbeard. Edward Teach was around between the 17th and 18th centuries and he was known for operating around the West Indies. Blackbeard was also familiar in Britain's North American Colonies at the time. He became a renowned pirate after capturing a French slave ship called La Concorde. The pirate got his famous nickname from his thick beard and fearsome appearance. Treasure hunters have long searched for any trace of his rumoured hoard, but nothing has been connected to him so far. In fact, buried pirate treasure is often considered a myth due to a lack of supporting evidence. The only pirate known to have buried treasure was William Kidd and the only treasure recovered from Teach's exploits is from the wreckage of what is presumed to be the Queen Anne's Revenge, which was found in 1996. With this in mind, if the Pogues do find Blackbeard's hidden gold and silver in season four, the storyline may be based on myth rather than fact. Alternatively, the show's creators could go down the route of exploring what happened to the Queen Anne's Revenge. DON'T MISS... Outer Banks’ Chase Stokes confirms romance with girlfriend KelseaOuter Banks star Alexander Jennings tragically died aged 22Outer Banks has been renewed for a fourth season by Netflix Blackbeard was hunted by Alexander Spotswood, the Governor of Virginia, who arranged for a party of soldiers and sailors to capture him. Following a horrific battle in November 1718, Teach and several of his crew were killed by sailors led by Lieutenant Robert Maynard. His reputation proceeded him as he became the inspiration for an archetypal pirate in all kinds of works of fiction. Due to the fact Blackbeard is famous worldwide, the Pogues' latest mission is bound to attract a lot of attention. This could mean even more new enemies as others hope to track down his treasure before they do. Their presence will not go unnoticed now it is public knowledge they survived the El Dorado ordeal. Fans took to Twitter in response to their latest mission, with @SandyStClaire saying: "They going after Edward Teach’s loot in #OuterBanks niceeee and I love how I called out Blackbeard before the reveal lmaoo!" [Sic] However, @mmackkenziiee shared: "BLACKBEARD?!? oh please I love it I am a sucker for dramatic treasure hunter movie or shows but #OuterBanks #OBX this is NOT where I thought it was gonna go." [Sic]  Outer Banks season 3 is on Netflix now and season 4 has already been commissioned.