The payment goes out automatically to claimants and does not affect their usual payment. The next payment will be made in June to those who received the benefit on a certain qualifying date. To receive the June payment, a person will need to have made a claim by April 10 at the latest. There will also be a payment in December and a person will need to have made their claim by October 10 to receive this. Carer’s Allowance claims can be backdated by three months. The benefit provides payment of £69.70 a week. To qualify, a person must care for another person for at least 35 hours a week, helping with tasks such as washing and cooking. READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning as 'risk' Jeremy Hunt may target IHT in Budget - what you can do The person who receives the care must also get one of these benefits: Don't miss... Energy bills support scheme ends but more support to come [ENERGY BILLS SUPPORT] Martin Lewis tip for National Insurance boost to state pension [STATE PENSION] Warning as Jeremy Hunt may target inheritance tax in Budget [INHERITANCE TAX] Applicants must be aged 16 or over and not in full time education, with earnings of £132 or less a week after tax. A person can make a claim online on the gov.uk website or by requesting a claim form by calling the Carer’s Allowance Unit on 0800 731 0297. Carer’s Allowance is being replaced in Scotland by a new devolved benefit, Carer’s Assistance. The transition to the new benefit will start at the end of the year with the full national rollout set to begin in spring 2024. READ MORE: Santander issues alert after ‘realistic’ scam email included customer’s card details The new benefit will provide the same weekly payment and will still include the two £245.70 supplements. Claimants of Carer’s Allowance have been asked to share their views on the new benefit in a five-minute survey available on the Scottish Government website. All information a person shares in the form will remain confidential. Guidance about the survey states: “No one will be able to identify you in any of the reported results. “Only people working in the research team will be able to see your name and contact details. Taking part will not affect any of your applications or benefits. “No one involved in making benefit decisions will have access to your answers or know if you’ve taken part.” Carer's Allowance is going by 10.1 percent this April along with many other benefits, including Attendance Allowance and Universal Credit. State pension payments will also get a 10.1 percent boost, for both the basic state pension and the new state pension. The full basic state pension is increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week while the full new state pension is going up from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. For the latest money news, follow us on Twitter at @Expressmoney_.