Chloe Madeley, 35, shared that her father, Good Morning Britain presenter Richard Madeley, 66, had a meltdown when technology caused him to lose “half of his book”. She added that it was the first time he was truly annoyed and that it was “a very big deal”. Chloe shared that Richard then briefly went with a ghostwriter before he returned to writing it himself, although she says he is so much of a "control freak" that “he doesn’t even like the editing process”. Speaking to practising midwife Pip, on The Midwife Pip Podcast, Chloe explained: "He turned around and he was like, 'Ok, we're going to have to get a ghostwriter because I just can't do this'. "He had a bit of a meltdown but ended up finishing [the book] on his own again."  READ MORE:Jeremy Clarkson hits back over Diddly Squat farm shop pricing claims The podcast, which describes itself as the “home to real chat” on "pregnancy, birth and beyond" had re-invited the personality after their original interview was lost. The fitness trainer and author also spoke about her relationship with the press and how her famous family impacted it. Revealing that “it’s so embarrassing”, the new mother-of-one spoke about how she has “some pretty impressive achievements under [her] belt”. She said: “I’m not really in the public eye anymore, really the only reason that I am, at this stage, it’s because I am Rich and Judy’s daughter. “And I am really proud of that, but that doesn’t define me; I’m not a statue born of their careers, never changing through history.” She acknowledged that being their daughter helped promote her projects and that she had opportunities that “most people don’t have”. She added: “That is a huge benefit, and I’m not blind to that.” Part of the conversation revealed her traumatic birth journey and the arrival of six-month Bodhi whom she shares with husband and former England rugby player James Haskell, 37. Don't miss... Christine McGuinness stayed in unhappy Paddy marriage to feel 'safe' [INSIGHT] Paddy McGuinness 'leaning' on pal Kirsty Gallacher as pair grow close [NEWS] Sam Smith slammed by tennis star Nick Kyrgios over ‘fisherthem’ remark [LATEST] Speaking on the birth, she spoke about how she was “really pro-medical science” and had wanted to avoid a C-section “at all costs”. Given her job as a personal trainer and her mother Judy's, 74, own experiences, Chloe feared the recovery time and the impact on her appearance. However, the baby’s heartbeat dropped during her contractions, so Chloe underwent a Category Two C-section. “I cried the whole way to the theatre, I cried the whole way through the operation. “I was like, this was not what I wanted; I was livid; I was in hell. “And then they showed her to me, and it was without a shadow of a doubt, like the best day of my whole life ever, and I would do the whole thing exactly the same all over again, every day, to keep getting that moment.” Reflecting on her own experience, she called for more “sexy soundbites that people love, on the educated experience” of pregnancy, childbirth and being a mum. She added: “It’s just one woman or one small group of women’s opinions,” when speaking on other people's comments on her journey and birth." You can listen to Chloe's full interview here.