Carlos Alcaraz's Las Vegas exhibition match has officially been cancelled after the 19-year-old picked up a fresh injury in the recent Rio Open final. The world No 2 was set to headline a boxing-style showdown on Sunday despite his original opponent Rafael Nadal pulling out with his own injury. But the blockbuster clash has now been called off entirely with just four days' notice. Alcaraz was set to play an exhibition match at Las Vegas' MGM Grand Garden Arena this weekend after a boxing-style showdown with countryman Nadal was announced back in December. Even after the 36-year-old was forced to pull out injured, the world No 2 still headlined the event as Nadal was replaced by both Frances Tiafoe and Taylor Fritz, who would do battle for the chance to play Alcaraz. But the glitzy Vegas clash has now been scrapped entirely following the US Open champion's latest setback, as he picked up an injury in the final of the Rio Open that forced him to pull out of Acapulco this week. MGM announced the news on Wednesday - just four days before Alcaraz was set to take centre stage in an exhibition that had originally been promoted in the style of a classic boxing showdown. Fans are now set to receive automatic refunds even though American stars Fritz and Tiafoe would likely have been able to face off without Alcaraz involved. And it leaves question marks over the Spaniard's participation in Indian Wells, which starts in just six days' time. JUST IN: Djokovic earns easy win over Griekspoor to reach Dubai quarter-final  Alcaraz told fans he would return to Las Vegas with his original opponent when they were both fit as he apologised for his withdrawal. "I am very disappointed that I can't play this weekend in Las Vegas and put on a great show for my fans," the seven-time title winner said. "I will return to the court when I'm 100 per cent and look forward to joining Rafa at MGM Grand for a match in the near future." The world No 2 had only just returned from back-to-back injuries at February's Argentina Open, where he won the title. DON'T MISSDjokovic eyes major honour he is yet to win as next goal in GOAT raceRaducanu earns Indian Wells entry boost despite latest illness setbackMedvedev shares 'respect' for opponent slammed for smashing rackets  He then reached the final of his very next tournament in Rio - where he was the defending champion - and led Cameron Norrie by a set and a break before tweaking his leg. The top seed went on to lose the match and subsequently pulled out of this week's Acapulco Open after undergoing scans on his leg. The Spanish teenager ended his 2022 season early when he tore an abdomen muscle at the Paris Masters and had to delay his comeback after picking up a leg injury in pre-season training. And after the Rio Open final, he revealed that this issue appeared to be in the same place. "I felt pain in the same muscle where I had the injury last month. It's hard. I have tried to play at my best level despite that setback," Alcaraz admitted.