Coat dresses were popular today at the Commonwealth Day Service at Westminster Abbey as everyone from Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh to Camilla, Queen Consort wore one. Princess Anne donned the trend too - her coat dress was patterned and teal. Anne's coat dress featured a large collar, to which an interesting gold brooch had been pinned. The brooch had rarely been seen before by royal fans, but the coat was not new. The royal has worn the green coat dress many times in the past, including at the Cheltenham Festival in both 2016 and 2020. She also donned it at the Afghanistan Operational Service Medals parade on May 24, 2013, in Abingdon, as well as for the annual Christmas Day Service at Sandringham in 2016. Anne often rewears outfits, demonstrating her commitment to environmental issues, as well as her awareness of budget. The royal matched the coat with a green fedora hat, which she has paired many a time with the coat. She completed her outfit with her trusty, black, leather knee-high boots, and matching black gloves. Anne also had with her a simple, black, leather handbag, which she carried underneath her arm. DON'T MISS: Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh is elegant in cream coat dress  [STYLE] Iceland boss prepares to climb Everest - 'very emotional' [REAL LIFE] Grey hair is 'more on-trend than ever before' - how to embrace it [HAIR] As for jewellery, Anne wore a gold brooch and a pair of gold earrings. The earrings were tiny diamond-shaped drop jewels, which she has worn many times before. Anne's hair was tied up in its usual updo and she wore minimal make-up. The royal seemed to be bare-faced, except for a slick of light pink lipstick. Royal fans were quick to comment on Anne's outfit today, with many praising her look. Twitter user @ElaineStorey2 wrote: "Princess Anne looks amazing today." User @AkuaAhuofe said: "HRH Princess Anne, the Princess Royal. She has the poise of her mother and the strength of her father." User @cestmeow commented: "Princess Anne has the best wardrobe, she's always impeccably dressed in timeless classic looks." Princess Anne joined her husband, Sir Timothy Lawrence, and a slew of royals at Westminster Abbey today. In attendance were King Charles, Queen Consort Camilla, the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, and the Prince and Princess of Wales. The King delivered the Commonwealth Day Message from the Great Pulpit at the Abbey, and he will later host a reception at Buckingham Palace. Those in attendance will include the Commonwealth Secretary-General, High Commissioners, Foreign Affairs Ministers, and other members of the Commonwealth community. This is Charles' first Commonwealth Day Service as the Head of the Commonwealth, having taken over from the Queen when she died in September last year.