KSI has torn into Jake Paul after the Problem Child released the estimated pay-per-view buys for his long-awaited grudge match with Tommy Fury. Paul claims that the fight garnered a healthy 775,000 purchases – his best numbers to date – but KSI won’t let the American forget that he lost in a hurry. After eighteen months of waiting and two failed attempts to get the highly anticipated match-up over the line, Fury was declared the victor via a split decision under the scorching Saudi sun last weekend. The Brit remained relatively in control throughout making good use of long straight shots and nimble footwork. However, he did have a few shaky moments. Most notably in the final round when he was sent tumbling to the canvas by a stiff jab from his rival. Paul believes he did enough to win the fight but has taken the first defeat of his professional career well and has been poking fun at himself in the aftermath. On Friday, he joked that he was working as a ‘FedEx boxer’ following the loss, tweeting a video of himself taping up packages, with the caption: “Professional boxer.” In a follow-up tweet, he wrote: “I delivered over 775,000 of these last Sunday to customers. What other professional boxer did that on their 7th day in the job?” in reference to the number of pay-per-views he sold for his seventh pro contest. KSI, who is expected to box Paul at the back end of this year, was quick to respond, tweeting: “Still lost.” Paul replied with a screenshot of the British YouTube star’s rumoured next opponent Joe Fournier’s recent foes – which had a combined record of 29-116-1 at the time of facing him. Paul captioned this: “Good luck with your next one.” Before KSI hit back: “Your record against pro boxers: 0-1.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Carl Froch agrees with Tyson Fury as Tommy sent advice after Paul win Froch makes proposal to Jake and Logan Paul after YouTuber clash Wilder gives clear answer on Hearn link up to help make Joshua fight Last week, Paul claimed his fight with Fury had done over half a million pay-per-view buys and predicted it would be the biggest fight of the year. "I guess the silver lining is that the pay-per-views are off the charts," Paul told his brother Logan during a recent episode of his hit podcast BS W/Jake Paul. "Probably going to be the biggest fight of the year. It's going to be hard to contend with. Maybe [Ryan] Garcia and [Gervonta] Davis. It's probably coming in at over half a million buys. Still totalling everything. So, the business is great." Paul and Fury are now set to run it back later this year with the ex-Disney star affirming that he will be activating the rematch clause in their contract.