The Mandalorian is back on Disney Plus with season three and many fan favourites returned, including Grogu. However, viewers were wondering where Cara Dune (played by Gina Carano) was after she was cut from the show in 2021. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what happened and whether she will return. In 2021, actor Carano’s controversial online comments resulted in Lucasfilm cutting her out after the season two finale. Her character was set to star in a spin-off series called Rangers of the New Republic, but these plans have since been put on hold. The season three premiere of The Mandalorian, titled The Apostate, confirms Cara is still alive. She was recruited by New Republic special forces after capturing Moff Gideon (Giancarlo Esposito). READ MORE: The Mandalorian fans baffled as premiere explains Cara Dune exit While Cara is no longer part of The Mandalorian's story, she is still fighting the Empire. Executive producer and director Rick Famuyiwa told Deadline: "It was something that was discussed as we knew it was going to have an impact on the show. "[B]ut at the same time, what has been at the heart of the show are the two characters — Din Djarin and Grogu — so ultimately it felt like a servicing of that, and around the Mandalorians. “We’ll just have to see as the season unfolds what the adventures are, but it’s a great character, someone who was vital to Din Djarin’s beginnings. “[W]e’ll see if he has evolved beyond that.” In the wake of Gina Carano’s controversial social media posts, Lucasfilm released a statement at the time. They confirmed: "Gina Carano is not currently employed by Lucasfilm and there are no plans for her to be in the future. "Nevertheless, her social media posts denigrating people based on their cultural and religious identities are abhorrent and unacceptable.” DON'T MISS... The Mandalorian season 3 episode count What to watch on Disney+ in March as The Mandalorian returns The Mandalorian season 4 already written, Jon Favreau confirms The Mandalorian viewers were left baffled by her one-sentence send-off as Greef Karga (Carl Weathers) confirmed her new location. @bootybeskar wrote: “The way they BRUSHED over what happened to Cara Dune with a five second conversation… that s**t was so funny.” @giselleb1234 said: “The two seconds it took to explain Cara Dune’s disappearance, I’M CACKLING.” @justtosaythangs tweeted: “Pretty bummed we're not gonna see Cara Dune, what a fantastic, original character. @starwars Bring her back soon!”  The Mandalorian airs on Wednesdays on Disney Plus.