Jeremy Hunt has backed continuing to pour billions of taxpayer's money into the BBC amid growing pressure to end the licence fee as the Gary Lineker row spirals. But the Chancellor has warned that the BBC needs to sort out its impartiality issues in the wake of the millionaire Match of the Day presenter's political intervention on social media. Speaking on Sophie Ridge on Sky News, Mr Hunt said he "believes in a taxpayer-funded broadcaster". He went on: "We are very lucky to be in a country where we have an organisation that is an independent arbiter of the truth." Total BBC income in 2021/22 was £5.33billion, 71 percent of which came from the licence fee revenues. The remaining 29% or £1.53 billion came from commercial and other activities (such as grants, royalties and rental income). Mr Hunt insisted: "BBC independence really does matter for the country that is why I think it is important that we let the BBC sort out these problems. "What I want to see as the outcome is trust being maintained in what is a very important institution." Asked if the current BBC leadership is "too close to the government" he said: "I don't think it is for me to make those judgements." Mr Hunt told Laura Kuenssberg that he is "extremely proud" of the way the UK has taken in people from Hong Kong and Ukraine as refugees. He added: "But the public consent for legal migration depends on us dealing with illegal migration." Later former England footballer John Barnes appeared on the show to defend Lineker. He accused the BBC and politicians of hypocrisy. The ex-winger said: "I don't know when the BBC has ever been impartial. "Its reporting of the Qatar World Cup was anything but impartial." He claimed that BBC critics did notseem to mind about the BBC's coverage of other countries but has a different view when it comes to reporting about events at home. He also defended Lineker for comparing the Conservative Party to the Nazis. "He [Lineker] was talking about the language which was used and I wish he would come out and say this. "When we start talking about unworthy migrants [from Syria]...as rapists and murderers then we are using the same language." Don't miss... Jeremy Hunt blames Brexit for plan to get over-50s back to work  [REVEAL] Rishi's France detention camp is what we've been waiting for [INSIGHT] Ex-Armed forces minister Mark Francois answers questions on defence [REACT] Earlier on BBC Breakfast, the Corporation's boss Tim Davie insisted he would dnot resign over his handling of the Lineker issue. But he said: "I would like to see Gary Lineker return on air. "We want to get the right outcome for this, we are working very hard to get that done." Mark Thompson, who used to run the BBC, appeared on Laura Kuenssberg on Sunday to discuss the issue. The former Director General urged "calmness and proportion." He said: "It's lost a couple of sports programs so far. People will have forgotten about this in a few weeks." He pointed out that because of his profile on the BBC Mr Lineker has made a "technical breach of the impartiality guidelines."