Mohamed Salah was given the unfortunate news that his villa in Cairo was ransacked by home invaders just 24 hours after missing a penalty for Liverpool in Saturday's defeat at the hands of Bournemouth, according to reports. The Egyptian winger failed to inspire the Reds to victory at the Vitality Stadium, with Philip Billing's first-half goal claiming the spoils for the hosts in one of the biggest shocks of the Premier League season to date. Salah was gifted the perfect chance to equalise for Liverpool in the second half when he stepped up to take a penalty after Adam Smith was judged to have handled the ball inside the area, but he smashed his effort well wide of the post to the disappointment of the travelling fans.The Liverpool forward's weekend went from bad to worse on Sunday when he was informed that robbers had burgled his property in Cairo, according to the Daily Star. It is said that Salah's nephew returned to the villa in Egypt's capital city only for his suspicions to be raised when he noticed that a window was open.The police were quickly informed and saw items strewn all over the property upon their arrival, with the place having been turned upside down by the intruders and several things stolen. It has not been confirmed what exactly was taken from Salah's villa, although Egyptian outlet Al-Ahram have reported that 'electrical devices' were among the items to have been swiped by the robbers. JUST IN: Man Utd told Antony deal was 'madness' by man who spent £50m on flops A source is quoted as saying: "The surrounding surveillance cameras are being unloaded and the security personnel in charge of securing the place are being interrogated. The security services are intensifying their efforts to solve the mystery of the incident and the necessary legal measures have been taken."Salah is undoubtedly Egypt's greatest ever player and is widely heralded as a national hero in his country of origin, where he is affectionately known as 'the Pharaoh' after winning every available trophy with Liverpool during his time with the Merseyside giants. It remains to be seen if he will be able to put this weekend's disappointments behind him in order to come back stronger for the Reds, who are facing a battle to secure Champions League qualification by securing a top-four finish in the Premier League at the end of the season. Don't miss... Gary Lineker 'cried' after Match of the Day colleagues boycotted show [LATEST] Virgil van Dijk 'washed' as strange moment leads to Bournemouth goal [REACTION] Tottenham to face 'complications' in bid to land Mauricio Pochettino [GOSSIP] Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp refused to blame Salah for his missed penalty against Bournemouth on Saturday, with the German boss aware that mistakes can always happen to anybody regardless of whether or not they are one of the best players in the world."The last penalty we got, I don’t know when it was, in the league at least, it was long ago," said Klopp after the final whistle. "It’s completely hypothetical, if we score there the game could turn but it doesn’t make the performance better but it could change the result at least. That’s it. He scores a lot of goals but missed a penalty, but that’s life." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year - the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed… and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.