On Sunday, February 26, Mike Tindall took part in a charity football match called the ‘Battle of the Balls’ alongside other celebrities such as Harry Redknapp and Ken Blackburn. After the match, Lucas Tindall, two, was seen running up to his father, who picked him up to greet him. His mother, Zara, was hot on his heels. Mother and son had been watching the football match from the stands. Body language expert Judi James analysed Mike, Zara, and Lucas’ facial expressions and movements last Sunday to see what they can reveal about their relationship. The playful nature of the one-year-old perhaps demonstrated Mike and Zara’s parenting techniques - the couple are fun and encourage their children to be active and play. Judi said: “Zara’s facial expression says it all here as she gazes at her husband’s mini-me in the shape of adorable small son Lucas as he cheers his dad on open-mouthed, with a look of both pride and humour. “The Tindalls always seem to have raised their children with a sense of freedom, fun and the same kind of upbeat fearlessness that Mike showed off so well during his time in the jungle on I’m A Celebrity. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures “Their body language makes them look like a very tight, openly affectionate, and loving family group with none of the kind of inhibitions that can come from a life in the Royal Family. “Mike must have been delighted to show his small son what used to be his day job of playing rugby, and hero-worship doesn’t come much better than the way Lucas seems to be launching his own pitch invasion to get to celebrate with his dad.” Judi went on to say that the Tindalls seem to let Lucas do whatever he wants without worrying too much about him. They are the kind of parents who allow children to play without too many health and safety rules. “Zara is clearly on hand in case of accidents as the not-yet-three-year-old clambers over the small wall with an air of confident determination but, as usual, she shows no signs of fussing or anxiety,” Judi claimed. DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] “Both Zara and Mike have been at the top of their game in the sporting world and their ability to blend skill and caution with bravery and confidence seems to have been applied to their parenting and passed on to their children. “The affection is so evenly shared here, with Zara also appearing to throw in a little bit of hero-worship of her own as she watches Mike lift his son up. “Lucas then replies with the kind of cheeky tongue-poke gesture that he just might have learned from his dad.” Mike and Zara have been open about their parenting skills and techniques in the past, talking openly about what it’s like to be mother and father to three children on Mike’s podcast The Good, The Bad and The Rugby. READ MORE: How to look younger - 5 essential anti-aging skincare products to 'reduce fine lines' Zara also recently spoke about her struggles as a mother, confessing candidly that there are some “sh***y” days. Last month, the mother-of-three flew to Queensland to attend the Magic Millions polo tournament as part of her role as the Racing Women Ambassador. She stayed in Australia for a week with her husband, Mike, and their three children, Mia, Lena, and Lucas. During the visit, the royal also hosted a Women with Horsepower event, which was attended by TV presenter Shelly Horton. Writing for 9Honey, Shelly described Zara as “lovely, normal and relaxed” as she sat down for lunch with her guests. She went on to recall a moment during the event when Zara spoke candidly about parenting. Shelly said: “At one point she was being interviewed on the panel and she said something like, ‘sometimes it's just a really sh**** day with the kids, and I struggle with it’. I ate every word up.” A parenting expert and coach, Sophie Pickles from Munchkin, previously spoke to Express.co.uk about what kind of parents Zara and Mike are. The coach agreed with Judi that the couple encourage both sport and play. She said: “We are fortunate to live in a time where child-led parenting methods are gaining ever more popularity and children's independence, happiness and wellbeing is valued and respected. “It is clear that Zara and Mike take on board some of these methods when raising their own children, especially as we know that they encourage their children to follow their passions and spend lots of time in the great outdoors. “Sport is encouraged as a hobby and we know that this will improve the children's physical skills, persistence and try-hard attitude as well as promoting positive mental health, something that is undoubtedly of great importance to the family,” Sophie added.