Meghan Markle has got official preliminary approval to revive her old website, which has been shut down for five years. However, a lifestyle columnist has hit out at the decision, stating “no one wants Meghan’s advice”. Insiders have claimed that Meghan’s relaunched The Tig could go up against Gwyneth Paltrow’s £200million wellness and lifestyle brand Goop. Like Goop, the revamped blog would offer tips on food, travel, fashion, the arts, design, conscious living and wellness. The website, which is reportedly set to go live as soon as next week, was founded in 2014 when the mother-of-two was starring in legal drama Suits as Rachel. She said the iconic name The Tig was inspired by her favourite Tuscan wine, Tignanello. READ MORE: Body found in desperate search for victim of huge Swansea explosion Explaining the name, Meghan said of her first sip: “It was an ah-ha moment at its finest. For me, it became a ‘Tig’ moment – a moment of getting it. “From that point on, any new awareness, any new discovery or ‘ohhhhh, I get it!’ moment was a ‘Tig’ moment.” Columnist for the Telegraph Celia Walden outlined her scepticism, stating: “I feel duty-bound to point out the notable lack of ‘Tig’ moments since.” She added: “Meghan wants to be a lifestyle guru. The problem is no one wants her advice. Don't miss... Plane lurches mid-air as it struggles to land in powerful 50mph storm  [LATEST] Sunak says China is 'biggest threat’ in new interview [REVEAL] Iceberg the size of Greater London breaks off Antarctica ice shelf [INSIGHT] “Certainly, Markle didn’t ‘get’ royal life, or at any point during that stuffy stint garner ‘any new awareness’ that there was only one star in the room – and that was the Queen. “She didn’t ‘get’ how badly her Oprah whingeathon would go down or how tone-deaf that six-hour Netflix documentary would sound to a post-pandemic world beset by social, economic and existential challenges. “Last month, Newsweek reported that the Sussexes’ popularity had plummeted to an all-time low in the US, with Prince Harry down 48 points since December and Markle down 40. “In fact, The Duke of York has higher US approval ratings than these two. “But Markle wouldn’t let a little thing like that prompt a ‘Tig’ moment either.” 