Sex/Life returned for a second season on Netflix and it saw Billie Connelly (played by Sarah Shahi) reunite with her former love, Brad Simon (Adam Demos). After getting back on the dating scene following their split, both Billie and Brad knew they were destined for one another. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about the Billie actress, including her real name. The 43-year-old actress and former model is known for her roles on The L Word and Fairly Legal. She also rose to fame after Person of Interest, The Rookie and City on a Hill. The star was born in Texas, with her father being Iranian. Her mother was born in Spain, to an Iranian father and a Spanish mother. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Although Sarah is known by her stage name, she was born with the Persian name, Aahoo Jahansouzshahi. Her birth name means 'deer' in Persian, but she chose Sarah as her name in second grade after hearing a song called Sarah. She admitted she was tormented by other children about her birth name and was fed up with the comments. The actress opened up about how much she relates to her character Billie in the new season of Sex/Life. The latest season follows Billie after the breakdown of her marriage to Cooper (Mike Vogel). Speaking to Forbes she said: "It’s no secret that I’m divorced. "Relationships are hard. It’s a very tricky space to navigate. “The themes this season were definitely about hope and finding love again. Don't miss... Sex/Life fans outraged at lack of character's screen time  [DISCUSSION] Sex/Life stars confirm season 3 ‘up to the viewers’ [INSIGHT] Sarah Shahi's age explained as Sex/Life's Billie star returns [EXPLAINER] "Billie and Brad represent what many families look like these days. It’s also about timing. "Sometimes people get together, and it doesn’t work out, but you end up circling back at another time in life when both people are exactly where they need to be. "Sometimes people meet but are not ready for one another.” The star had been married to Steve Howey from 2009 until 2021 and they have three children together. Their first son was born in July 2009 and she went on to have twins, a boy and a girl, in March 2015. The couple filed for divorce in May 2020 and it was finalised in January 2021. She is currently dating her Sex/Life co-star, Adam Demos, having met him on the set of the show.  Sex/Life seasons 1 and 2 are on Netflix now.