Real Madrid's board are reportedly unhappy with Carlo Ancelotti following their 1-0 Copa del Rey semi-final first-leg defeat to Barcelona on Thursday and an 'internal debate' is now being held about the Italian. Real are already facing a battle to turn things around in La Liga having fallen seven points adrift of Barcelona at the top of the table. They've dropped points against Villarreal, Real Sociedad, Mallorca and Atletico Madrid in recent weeks. It's led to increased pressure on Ancelotti, who's under contract at the Bernabeu until 2024. He led Real to an incredible double last season with their win in the Champions League final over Liverpool following on from their title in La Liga. But reports in Spain have indicated that Real chiefs are not happy with the club's performances this season. According to ESPN, Ancelotti's tactics against Barcelona came under scrutiny from the board. Real were unable to register a single shot on target with senior figures reportedly 'criticising the manager's lack of a plan B'.  Picking both Toni Kroos and Luka Modric to start the match also drew plenty of criticism from the board. The report adds that Real officials may step in to block Ancelotti from ever picking the experienced midfield duo together again in the future. It's said that an 'internal debate' is being held behind the scenes to discuss Ancelotti's tactics moving forward. Los Blancos face two winnable matches against Real Betis and Espanyol in the league next before their second leg against Liverpool in the Champions League.  Kroos was named on the bench for the first leg as Ancelotti went with a midfield three of Modric, Eduardo Camavinga and Federico Valverde. After Liverpool made a fast start to the match and went 2-0 up, Real rallied to blow Jurgen Klopp's side away. Vinicius Junior ripped Liverpool's defence apart to level things up before the break and Real took full control in the second half. Eder Militao gave Real the lead just after the restart with Karim Benzema scoring twice to give his side a commanding aggregate lead. The second leg will be played on March 15 at the Bernabeu with FC Sheriff the last team to beat Real in Europe at their home stadium 18 months ago.