Maya Jama, 28, has been settling into her new presenting role on Love Island well, however, ITV viewers resorted to Twitter this evening to vent their anger. The presenter mistakenly took to Instagram to share a video with Will clearly being seen in the background, spoiling the result hours before the final. Maya took to Instagram to post her usual behind-the-scenes look at the ITV show, but fans spotted a familiar face in the background. With it being less than 24 hours until a couple is crowned this year's champions, one of the three couples found out they would be heading home tonight. Kai and Sanam, Will and Jessie and Lana and Ron were up for a possible exit whilst Tanya and Shaq and Samie and Tom were excluded from the public vote. Maya had already posted a video on Instagram, which saw Jessie and Will standing in the back for After Sun. READ MORE: Bruce Willis’ wife admits relationship with ex Demi Moore is ‘odd’ However, things worsened when they aired a clip of Maya saying she would be chatting with the dumped Islanders Will, Jessie, Casey and Rosie. She said in the teaser: "Join me tonight in South Africa live from the villa. Dumped Islanders Will and Jessie and Casey and Rosie will be sharing the goss." Many social media users took to Twitter to fume over the mistake, while also sharing their view on the public vote. Supertv247 said: "This series of #LoveIsland can be summed up with Maya Jama promoting Aftersun during the adverts saying 'dumped islanders Will and Jessie' ten minutes before Will and Jessie were even dumped from the actual show." Carsbxo added: "Not Maya Jama announcing Will and Jessie being dumped on after sun before it’s actually on #loveisland." Kateheartsk3t commented: "Just spent 45 minutes waiting for the dumping for Maya Jama to bait it on her story #loveisland." Tonight on the ITV show, following an emotional reunion with their parents, Shaq's siblings told Tanya they will "have a conversation" when she gets out of the villa. Tahira who was joined by pal Levi went on to say that Tanya was only in her "semi-good books" after the shocking betrayal. DON'T MISS... Mick Jagger seen in cheeky cap during outing with two youngest sons [PICS] Olivia Newton-John's daughter still speaks to late mum 'every day' [INSIGHT] The X Life's Denise Russo has died after spending last days 'homeless' [DEATH] Shaq went off with his family to chat as did Tanya but Shaq had a warning for his new girlfriend ahead of the grilling. Admitting: "My sister had a few choice words to say!" Tahira also told her brother that he needed to "not be so forgiving" after he took back Tanya following the dalliance. After the emotional reunions, the villa was met with some bad news as the ITV show approached the final. As they reflect on their day, their evening is soon interrupted by a text, which reads: "Can all Islanders please gather around the fire pit immediately." A second text message revealed: "Islanders, you voted Jessie and Will, Sanam and Kai and Lana and Ron as the least compatible couples. "They are all vulnerable and at risk of being dumped from the Island tonight." Express.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment.