There is a video on YouTube titled: “The moment Paul Ansell KNEW he messed up”. It is an edited clip of Paul, speaking just days after his partner of 12 years Nicola Bulley disappeared. The short clip slows down at a moment when Paul, who is visibly distressed, pauses mid-sentence. A text overlay on the screen suggests the 45-year-old was going to say “there is no evidence”, but stops himself. The video is trying to suggest that this tiny moment in an interview with a man going through incredible emotional turmoil - the likes of which very few of us ever have or will go through - is proof that he was in some way involved in his partner’s disappearance. It’s cheap, it’s crude, and it’s cruel. But it also has nearly 30,000 views. This is the treatment that has been facing Nicola Bulley’s family ever since the mortgage advisor vanished at the end of January. Even as their lives fell apart, internet vultures were descending to pick at the pieces. It reflects a total breakdown in the relationship between social media and reality. The internet used to be a reflection of real life - sure, a slightly warped, cropped, and filtered one, but a reflection nonetheless. Now, for hundreds online, videos are real life. Police resources, the family’s privacy, the reputation of Nicola’s partner: all can be sacrificed on the altar of content. There are dozens of channels devoted to treating Nicola’s story like a content buffet. There have even been people releasing books about it, claiming to provide the “real truth”. Something that really stood out was a recent apology from Curtis Arnold of Curtis Media, the channel that posted the outstandingly tasteless video of Mr Ansell I mentioned above. Faced with a backlash for posting a TikTok of Nicola’s body being removed from the River Wyre, Mr Arnold deleted the video from the site and admitted: “Perhaps I didn’t take into account the family at that time.” This is where the entire facade of these channels totally collapses. Mr Arnold’s TikTok proudly boasts that it is getting “justice for those who can’t”. His YouTube channel proclaims itself to be “media done differently”. Well, that’s one way of putting it. But our modern-day Sherlock Holmes’ quest for justice apparently did not extend to deleting the video for which he has apologised from YouTube, where fellow “media done differently” fans can still watch the lifeless body of a mother-of-two being dragged from a river. Internet sleuths are demonstrably not providing justice for Nicola and her family. They are treating them like pieces of meat. Often, they are making things worse. In his apology, Mr Arnold said people had come to his house, shared his address on social media, and damaged his car. That isn’t right. But I wonder if, even for a moment, it reminded him of what happened to St Michael’s on Wyre, where Nicola’s neighbours were relentlessly harassed. But the hypocrisy doesn't seem to matter. Armchair detectives can spend a 30-minute video inarticulately meandering from one half-baked piece of conjecture to another, and they’ll still get people commenting that it’s the greatest piece of investigative journalism since Watergate. Mr Arnold is still posting new videos - one of which is closing in on 20,000 views on YouTube. READ MORE: Online sleuth who filmed body of Nicola Bulley is convicted fraudster [REVEAL] The best and worst thing about the internet is the way it has democratised media - anyone can pick up a camera, call themselves a journalist and report on a tragedy. In many ways, that’s wonderful. The problem is, though, this includes people who view such events as nothing more than an opportunity for clicks. And with a content stream so vast, how can anyone really distinguish what they should trust? Mainstream media has an important role to play in this, that arguably it has been shirking. The harrowing final statement from Nicola’s family made that clear, particularly with its heart-wrenching allegations that ITV and Sky News continued to contact the family after they asked for privacy. ITV have expressed their “sincere condolences” and said they will “cooperate fully” with an Ofcom request for information, while Sky is understood to be working closely with the watchdog. Regardless, the search for Nicola Bulley should be a wake-up call. The popularity of unchecked nonsense on social media is a result of our increasingly distant relationship with reality. It is also in no small part due to a collapse in trust in both the media and police, and it is the job of both to earn it back. The simple fact that the rampant sludge oozing from TikTok on a daily basis is toxic to the touch does not excuse the allegations made by Nicola’s family about the rest of the media. We all need to do better. But right now, the Bulley family have lost a mother. Their suffering is not images on a screen, or words on a forum post: it is real. And it deserves to be treated as such. READ MORE: Fears key evidence in Nicola Bulley case 'contaminated or destroyed' [REVEAL]Nicola Bulley speculation 'out of control’ after police release claims [INSIGHT]Psychic blasted for claiming he can find Nicola Bulley by 'her eyes' [ANALYSIS]