A little boy died as a result of injuries he suffered from being crushed between two cars in a car park, an inquest has heard. Alfie Tollett, seven, was hit by a parked vehicle which had been struck by an electric car, a coroner was told. The youngster sustained "blunt force traumatic chest injuries". Alfie, who was described as a "cheeky, funny and precious", was stood at the rear of the family car "changing his boots for his shoes after watching his brother play rugby". But a document read at Plymouth Coroner's Court yesterday said: "A stationary vehicle parked behind the family vehicle was then struck by another electrically propelled vehicle that was attempting to park; this vehicle has shunted forward the parked vehicle and crushed Alfie between the two vehicles. "Alfie was conveyed to Derriford Hospital, but sadly passed away." The death is currently the subject of a police investigation and a 55-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He has been released on police bail until May, Plymouth Live reports.   Senior coroner Ian Arrow adjourned the hearing and a full inquest will be held at a later date, after the criminal investigation has concluded. Tributes have poured in for Alfie, who lived with his family in Tamerton Foliot, Devon. The collision happened at nearby Plymstock Oaks RFC in Plymouth. The rugby club said on Facebook: 'It is with deep shock and sadness that we regret to inform you of the tragic loss of a young life of one of our own today. Our deepest condolences go out to the family and their friends during this difficult time. Our thoughts and prayers are with you all.' If you witnessed the incident or have any information or dashcam footage that could help with enquiries, please contact police via our website here or by calling 101 quoting reference number 50230040392 .  Jeremiah's Journey is a Plymouth-based bereavement charity which supports grieving children and their families to help them through difficult times. They can be reached on 01752 424348 or on their website. Bereavement Counselling Service (BCS) is a charity which offers specialist bereavement counselling in response to complex grief and/or traumatic loss. They are on 01752 349769 and their website is here Child Bereavement UK is a national charity which helps children, young people, parents and families rebuild their lives when a child grieves or when a child dies. They can be reach on their helpline on 0800 02 888 40 or visit their website here 