An inquiry has been ordered after a shocking video of chicken being blowtorched on a supermarket trolley in an alley outside a food outlet surfaced online. In one of the viral videos, a blue flame under the trolley is seen heating the chicken while surrounded by industrial bins.  The officers at Middlesbrough Council claimed that the matter is being investigated. In one of the clips being circulated online, it shows a man holding a blowtorch and cooking chickens in what looks like a supermarket cage on wheels The clip has been watched more than 547,000 times. Another video, viewed 239,000 times, shows someone blow-torching raw chicken through the bottom of a shopping trolley, surrounded by rubbish.  Middlesbrough Council has been informed and it was understood environmental health experts were looking into the videos. A Middlesbrough Council spokesman said: “We are aware of the video circulating online and are looking into the matter. “As a matter of course we expect all food processes to be carried out in a safe and hygienic manner.” However, it is not clear if the restaurant is still open or whether it is still operating.  READ MORE: 'I queued an hour to visit Clarkson's farm shop but was underwhelmed' Social media users have been left disgusted after watching the videos. One of the users @oliver101 tweeted: “Disgusting” @ryanthekid commented: "This is so wrong on so many levels." A third user @kingofcoolcafc commented: “I’ll never understand how people eat at those chicken shops, ever.”  DON'T MISS:Panicked teachers set off fire alarms as school riot breaks  [REVEAL]Devastated mother shares how her teenager son was killed  [SPOTLIGHT]Police to conduct post-mortem after Constance Marten's baby found dead [INSIGHT] The silent worker, who is wearing blue glove and an apron, looks sheepish and shuts off the gas as the person filming zooms in on what appears to be four whole, raw chickens. The clip prompted a huge reaction on social media with many tagging the council’s Twitter account to bring it to their attention. 