Jeremy Hunt has been warned by campaigners that he will face "political uproar" if the Government backs out of the state pension triple lock on Wednesday's budget. Pensioners' campaign group Silver Voices warned the Treasury against "tinkering" with the triple lock, calling for more focus on older people in the budget. The triple lock promises state pensions will rise by at least the rate of inflation, earnings growth, or 2.5 percent every year. The Chancellor will unveil his budget on Wednesday, but there are fears of further cuts to Government spending amid a difficult economic climate. The triple lock was suspended during the pandemic, but it is being brought back from April 2023. When the policy returns, the increase to the state pension will be 10.1 percent in line with September 2022’s CPI inflation figure. This is the largest ever increase to the state pension, lifting the maximum new pension by almost £1,000, from today’s £9,627.80 a year to £10,600.20. The new state pension is paid to those who retired from April 6, 2016. Older pensioners continue to receive the basic state pension. Speaking to the Daily Express, Silver Voices' Dennis Reed said: "There will be political uproar if the Government went back on their promises." This comes ahead of Mr Hunt's spring budget, which will be unveiled on Wednesday. Mr Reed added: "Rachel Reeves said that Labour is committed to the triple lock in the long term - hopefully, that will provide sufficient incentive for Jeremy Hunt not to tinker with that one. That would be a major shock. "We want to see attention paid to a very large part of the British population, there are 12 million pensioners in the UK. Where is the attention for the 12 million?" Mr Reed said that the last few budgets have "barely mentioned" pensioners, calling for "more focus on older people". He added: "It’s like we don’t exist apart from the triple lock. So there needs to be some mention of the plight faced by older people in tandem with the energy and cost of living crisis. "We want to see some real support for pensioner households - not just those on pension credit. It’s always those just above pension credit who lose out. "There are a few million pensioners who are living in poverty but they’re just above the limit, and they always lose out." Mr Reed called for a long-term review of the state pension, warning that the current allowance is "insufficient for today's essentials". He said: "Pensioners can’t afford shopping bills plus energy bills. We can’t have a state pension that is insufficient for daily life. "Social care is the one that is routinely ignored and we want to see some special attention for sorting out the social care crisis once and for all."