Mortgage repayments have skyrocketed in recent months, and some two million Britons are now facing a “remortgage nightmare” - which is hiking their costs up even more. According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), more than 1.4 million households in the UK face paying more when they renew their fixed-rate mortgages this year. Interest rates have risen substantially over the last year due to the Bank of England hiking the base rate to try to rein in inflation. Sarah Coles, a personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, broke down the “shocking cost” for homeowners in the UK. She explained: “This lays bare the shocking cost of a new mortgage around the country. For new buyers armed with a reasonable deposit, the options are increasingly limited. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance “Unless you can find some extra cash up-front, you may well end up having to scale back your ambitions. “For remortgagers with a decent chunk of equity in the property, the additional costs may be manageable, but those with large loans and little equity have worryingly few options.” According to Hargreaves Lansdowns’ Savings & Resilience Barometer, Britons would choose to remortgage this year will see an extra 3.1 percent of their income eaten up. Some two million people will end up spending more than quarter of their household income after tax on the mortgage. Mortgage experts are warning that following this stage, many households will be at risk of falling into arrears. Notably, Ms Coles is highlighting the lack of savings many homeowners have to fall back on when remortgaging. Ms Coles added: “Some of these people have enough emergency savings to fall back on, but 650,000 of them don’t - which puts them at ‘high risk’ of arrears. “Others not only don’t have enough savings, but are already spending more than they earn each month, putting them at 'critical risk' - 347,000 people are in this boat. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “For anyone in this position, there’s the risk that faced with the cost of a remortgage, they can no longer afford to stay in their home.” Hargreaves Lansdown shared examples of what properties in certain parts of the country would cost to pay over time. Someone with a 25-year mortgage, which is fixed for five years, and a £30,000 deposit would pay £2,920 a month for a semi-detached house in Buckinghamshire. This individual would require a deposit of around £150,000 to bring monthly mortgage repayments below £2,000. If that person, with the same type of mortgage, had a detached house in Stockport, their repayments would be £3,196. The same person would need to opt for semi-detached to bring monthly payments below £2,000. A flat in Wandsworth for £3,284 a month would cost more than £2,000 a month even with a £200,000 deposit.