Two female honeytrap killers who seduced and drugged a man after he posted images of himself wearing a fake Rolex on Instagram, before calling two men to kill him, have been jailed.  33-year-old Saul Murray died during the botched robbery after meeting the two women at his flat. After engaging in sexual activity with Mr Murray, the women gave him a sedative called GHB. Surpreet Dhillon, 36, and Temidayo Awe, 21, targeted the Luton resident after he posted images of himself with two Rolex watches on Instagram. The dad-of-six was visited at home by the honeytrappers after being seduced by them online.     However the drug didn’t knock Mr Murray out successfully. 31-year-old Ikem Affia and 29-year-old Cleon Brown then arrived at the Bedfordshire flat to rob and kill Mr Murray. His body was discovered with stab wounds on February 27, but nothing could be done to save him. Affia was caught after police identified him by his distinctive jacket, which he was seen wearing on CCTV in KFC two days before the attack. Only 69 of the designer Moncler coat were sold in the UK, which allowed authorities to trace the delivery of the £1,350 item to Affia’s partner.     The foursome were also seen leaving the property, with Affia holding a large knife. Vehicle telematics were also employed by the police to place the Mercedes the gang hired at the scene of the crime as well as Affia’s home address. Brown was caught on camera using a vacuum cleaner at a petrol station to clean the hire car following the attack. The court heard that Mr Murray’s Rolex’s were actually fakes and that there was nothing of significant value in the property. The jury at Luton Crown Court found Affia, from Hackney in east London, guilty of murder. Dhillon and Brown, both also from east London, were convicted of manslaughter, as was Awe from Gillingham.     Affia was jailed for life and will serve a minimum of 25 years. He was also sentenced to 14 years for conspiracy to commit robbery to run concurrently. Brown got 11 years, Dhillon 10 and Awe seven years behind bars. Detective Inspector Dale Mepstead, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, said: “This was clearly a planned attack; facilitated by Dhillon and Awe and carried out by Affia and Brown.    