Jimmy Kimmel made reference to Will Smith slapping Chris Rock last year before making a joke about the people of Ireland. However, it did not go down well on social media as some accused him of “stereotyping”. As he opened the show at the Dolby Theatre, Jimmy noted how many Irish stars were in with a chance of taking home an Oscar - making a quip that didn't go down too well on Twitter. "We want you to have fun. We want you to feel safe. And most importantly, we want me to feel safe. “So we have strict policies in place," he added, seemingly as a reference to Will attacking Chris on stage. "If anyone in this theatre commits an act of violence at any point during the show, you will be awarded the Oscar for best actor and permitted to give a 19-minute long speech. READ MORE: Bare faced Lady Gaga strips down to ripped jeans and t-shirt at Oscars "But seriously, the Academy has a crisis team in place. If anything unpredictable or violent happens during the ceremony, just do what you did last year. "Nothing. Sit there and do absolutely nothing. Maybe even give the assailant a hug." But it was his comment before that which sparked fury online, as he joked: "Five Irish actors are nominated tonight, which meant the odds of another fight onstage just went way up." The remark prompted laughter from the audience and cast members of The Banshees Of Inisherin, but viewers watching at home were less amused.   "The anti-Irish sentiment from Jimmy Kimmel… we’re really doing this in 2023 huh," one fumed as the comedian finished up his opening monologue. Another agreed, adding: "One reason we need the new Irish wave of drama to continue making waves is the hope that we then won’t have to listen to SNL making jokes about drinking Irish, followed by Jimmy Kimmel at the Oscars making jokes about fighting Irish." “I love that the one joke Jimmy Kimmel knew how to make about there being multiple Irish nominees was an ethnic stereotype joke about the Irish being brawlers, segueing nicely into about a million slap jokes. “My blood pressure is in a normal range by the way," a third angrily tweeted.  Don't miss... Hugh Grant blasted as 'rude' in painful Oscars chat and rolls his eyes [LATEST] Lucy Alexander's also brains behind Homes Under The Hammer [LATEST] Birds of a Feather star Lesley Joseph regrets turning down David Bowie [LATEST]  Another said: "Jimmy Kimmel… unfunny and anti-Irish. Not sure which is worse." While a different user praised Jimmy's speech, by typing: "I hope Kimmel turns out Will Smith jokes all night, the writers are nailing it." And another remarked: "Jimmy is absolutely hilarious." Elsewhere in his opening monologue on Sunday night, the Oscars host took aim at Nicole Kidman's brand deal with AMC Theatres as well as diet drug Ozempic as he opened the show. "I am happy to see that Nicole Kidman has finally been released from that abandoned AMC - where she has been held captive for almost two full years now," he began as he kicked off the star-studded event. "Good to have you back, Nicole. And thank you for encouraging people who were already at the movie theatre to go to the movie theatre. "You look great. Everybody looks so great. When I look around this room, I can't help but wonder, is Ozempic right for me? “So many first-time nominees here. In the acting categories alone, there are 16 first-time nominees, including Jamie Lee Curtis, Colin Farrell, and Michelle Yeoh. Brendan Fraser. This is, I think, a great piece of Oscar trivia." Jimmy also poked fun at director Steven Spielberg. He told the crowd: "Steven is the first director to be nominated in six different decades for an Oscar. Remarkable. This time, as you know, he is nominated for The Fabelmans. They say to write what you know, and also write what you know your mom did with your dad's best friend.