Senator Cynthia Panabaker (played by Deirdre Lovejoy) has appeared in every season of The Blacklist since the third instalment in 2015. However, now the hit NBC drama is coming to an end after a decade on screens, the upcoming episode could be about to bring an end to her stint in the White House in devastating fashion. Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (James Spader) is concerned for Panabaker’s safety in the latest teaser for the series’ final season. For The Blacklist’s 10th outing, Panabaker has now become a Senator after years of looking over Harold Cooper (Harry Lennix) at the FBI. Sadly, her tenure could already be over as the latest details for episode three, The Four Guns, confirms she’ll become the target of a group of assassins. The synopsis for the episode reads: “An assassination attempt on Sen. Panabaker leads the Task Force to a group of renowned pickpockets.” READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Meanwhile: “Red sends a dangerous gift to an old friend in custody.” In the trailer, Red warns Panabaker to prepare for another attack while he formulates a plan to keep her safe. “They call themselves the Four Guns,” he tells her. “Apex predators, you never see them strike.” The teaser reveals the hitmen preparing disguises and hidden weapons for their attack on the Senator. Red warns Panabaker: “They’re going to try again.” To which she admits: “I’m terrified.” “You should be,” Red confirms, although the trailer reveals she still goes ahead with a major public appearance. In what appears to be a televised debate, Panaker is interrupted by a siren, possibly warning her of another strike. Although The Blacklist is infamous for keeping fans on their toes, it’s hard to argue the new promo isn’t heavily hinting toward Panabaker’s demise. Don't miss... 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton snubs Michael in first post since ‘split’ [LATEST] Elvis’ granddaughter Riley Keough admits ‘music wasn’t my thing’ [EXCLUSIVE] Riverdale trailer leaves fans baffled by time-travelling final season [BACKLASH] Recurring star Lovejoy was previously speculated to be taking on a slightly larger role for The Blacklist’s final season. Last year, she was spotted on-set with the main cast, including newcomer Anya Banerjee as Siya Malik, which could suggest she’ll play a key part in the core team. However, with a seemingly unstoppable team of hitmen after her next episode, Red and his team face the impossible task of keeping her safe. Even if she survives the first attacks, there’s nothing stopping the series from bringing back the Four Guns as a recurring threat to stalk Panabaker throughout the final season. As the Senator has remained a loyal presence throughout most of the series, killing her off this week would certainly be an effective way to raise the stakes for the start of the final season. On the other hand, Lovejoy has become one of The Blacklist’s most popular guest stars over the years, so millions of fans will be rooting for her survival come the next episode. With just a few months left before Red’s story reaches its conclusion, hopefully, most of his allies survive long enough to come to his aid for his final mission. The Blacklist season 10 continues Sunday on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.