On Wednesday’s instalment of Channel 4’s Four in a Bed, the hotel competition continued as this week’s guests made their way to Hugh and Loretta’s B&B. Although many fans were blown away by their vintage farm, it looked as though two other contestants had other thoughts on their stay. After the four duos stayed at Mia and Emmanuel’s place on Monday and Heather and Paul’s hotel on Tuesday, it was time for the quirky duo Hugh and Loretta to wow the other contestants. As the guests made their way to Brampton Dales Farm, there seemed to be mixed reviews of the vintage-style decor and livestock on the property. The guests had an option of one of five rooms, which Hugh described as 1950s retro, which went up to £75 per night including breakfast. Despite the majority of people enjoying their stay and revealing they’d happily stay again when it came to scoring, the same can’t be said for sisters Sharon and Debbie.  READ MORE:BBC Radio 2’s Zoe Ball thought Ken Bruce 'nearly ran her over on bike' When answering how they found the facilities, one of the sisters commented: “Really nice colour scheme, not a fan of pine or random crockery. I would’ve preferred full toilet rolls.” Opting to give them a seven for facilities, the duo then went on to answer how they found their sleep at the farm. Clearly not happy, one of them swiped: “Really bad sleep, noisy other guests, noisy staff. “The bed, it squeaked every time I moved.”  Not blown away by their night stay, Sharon and Debbie chose to give Loretta and Hugh a five. It was then time for them to decide whether or not they’d like to stay again and while the two other duos said yes, the sisters confessed they wouldn’t. Speaking on their decision, one of them commented: “This is the one that I’m struggling with because I didn’t sleep at all well, it’d have to be a no.” After hearing the scoring from the sisters, many viewers were left less than impressed as some called the comments petty. DON'T MISS... Love Island backlash as ITV2 hit with Ofcom complaints [LOVE ISLAND] The One Show’s Alex Jones takes brutal swipe at Danny Dyer [VIDEO] EastEnders' Lacey Turner pays tribute to 'amazing' Lily star [SOAP]   Msjenmac commented: “The saying no because someone else was snoring is just bonkers petty #fourinabed” CI5TonyRhodes added: “The two Sisters are so game-playing it's actually embarrassing when they are just saying stuff for camera! #FourinaBed” Sclfc2 swiped: “Oh FFS those sisters are super dramatic. #fourinabed I’d stay there every day of the week, it’s boss!” Swilliams73 said: “The sisters. Bitter than an out-of-date lemon. Be gone with you #fourinabed”  Spinkzilla swiped: “Lack of full toilet rolls? Common! Gameplaying 101” With shrimpsy291 tweeting: “Oh sisters game playing.” When seeing the feedback, Hugh and Loretta were disheartened that two of their guests decided they wouldn’t come back to their B&B. Hugh said: “When people don’t enjoy it as much as we’d like them to, especially after the work we’ve put in, it is a little bit upsetting. “It is a competition and we’d like to win.” Four in a Bed continues weekdays on Channel 4 from 5pm. 