The Chancellor is set to make use of his spring Budget to encourage workers to extend their careers into later life, according to reports. Sources from Whitehall have understood to have said Mr Hunt will utilise his Budget to unveil “significant” increases in pension allowances. These allowances are often cited as hampering middle-class professionals such as doctors, from continuing work due to taxation fears. The pension lifetime allowance (LTA) is perhaps one of the most loathed forms of taxation. The Lifetime Allowance, currently set and frozen until 2028 at £1,073,100, puts a limit on how much a person can save into their pension tax-free across their lifetime. If exceeded, Britons could find themselves lumbered with a 55 percent tax bill. READ MORE: My win on Premium Bonds made me think about interest rates Another cap which could be boosted is the annual pension contribution limit, currently standing at £40,000, which would provide more opportunity for Britons to save per year if it is lifted. Jason Hollands, managing director at wealth manager Evelyn Partners, said: “If the reports are to be believed, and the Chancellor is set to abandon the planned deep freeze on the pension Lifetime Allowance and annual pension contribution limits, this will be welcome news after the tax raids announced in his Autumn Statement. “The annual and lifetime pension allowances, which stand at £40,000 and £1.073million respectively, are caps on how much someone can contribute into their pension while still benefiting from tax relief each year and then build-up in their pension before facing punitive tax charges on the excess when they take pension benefits. “In the case of the LTA, investment growth is included so someone who has made wise investment decisions can be penalised with a tax charge which many will regard as unfair.”  Don't miss... WASPI woman hits out during Westminster rally [INSIGHT] TSB shares vital savings tips to help Britons make the most of money [EXCLUSIVE] ISA millionaire shares method to savings success [LATEST] Mr Hollands touched upon the allowances creating a “disincentive” for continued pension saving, especially amongst higher earning professionals. Many are choosing to retire early, rather than take the risk of a significant tax bill. Mr Hunt has previously said he wishes over 50s to return to the workforce, particularly if they left employment during the pandemic. A tightening labour market has been a major concern, which has not been aided by departures from the workforce. Mr Hollands continued: “Restrictions on pension allowances – which have been reduced over the years both in nominal and real terms – have created well-documented problems in the public sector, especially in the NHS, where generous defined benefit pensions remain in place, meaning that many professionals retire early or are reluctant to take on further work. “But without a rethink, the LTA is becoming a greater issue for those with defined contribution pension schemes who have saved diligently over a long period, and this will only escalate at current rates of inflation.” The expert suggested the LTA is “far too low” at its current level. This is particularly the case as the allowance stood at £1.8million just 10 years ago, and since then, inflation has ravaged the economy, meaning incomes and savings have soared. But these allowances may not be the only place Mr Hunt could look to change in the Budget, according to Mr Hollands. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The expert also pointed towards the Money Purchase Annual Allowance, stating changes could help some older workers who have taken early retirement back into work. He explained: “The MPAA is triggered when a saver accesses their pension flexibly, as many early retirees do, and means that the annual amount they can save into a pension while benefitting from tax relief drops from £40,000 to £4,000, putting a big restriction on rebuilding pension pots. “Triggering the MPAA also wipes out your ability to mop up unused allowances from the three previous years under carry forward rules. “Whether or not it encourages older economically inactive cohorts back to work, we would welcome a boost to the limit as it is an obscure tax trap that catches out a lot of otherwise financially astute savers.”