The Beatles came to a resounding end in 1970 after months of arguing and disagreements. In the same year, Paul McCartney wrote, performed and recorded his first solo record (McCartney) to critical acclaim. But his follow-up record was not as well received, and one sharp-tongued member of The Beatles felt as if it was not a good project for the star to spend his time on. McCartney got started on his second record, Ram, almost straight after releasing his first. Except, this time around, he didn't do everything on his own. Instead, he teamed up with his wife, Linda McCartney. The loved-up couple worked hard to bring Ram to life, but once it was released on May 17, 1971, it caught the attention of the former Beatles. When Ringo Starr was quizzed about McCartney's career after the band split, he confessed: "I feel sad about Paul’s albums. I don’t think there’s one tune on the last one, Ram." He went on to insult the star further: "I just feel he’s wasted his time. He seems to be going strange”. Although Ringo did not seem to like McCartney's second solo album, the rest of the world did. Ram topped the album charts in the UK, Netherlands and Canada. The Beatles star also released a single from the album - Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey - which became his first number-one hit in the USA without the rest of the fab four. Perhaps, however, Ringo was not a fan of the album because McCartney took aim at The Beatles in the lyrics of his record. Particularly, McCartney lashed out at John Lennon and his wife, Yoko Ono, following disagreements between the group while The Beatles were recording their final album, Let It Be. Don't miss... John Lennon hated 'throwaway' Beatles song - George's favourite [INFO] George Harrison bested Paul McCartney in film shoot - 'Tried too hard' [NEWS] Elvis 'was never the same' after big change claimed The Beatles [INSIGHT] McCartney admitted that some of the lyrics to his song Too Many People included "a little dig at John and Yoko". He pointed at the words "preaching practices" and "you took your lucky break and broke it in two" as direct attacks on Lennon and his wife. Behind the scenes, McCartney worked extremely hard on bringing his second album to life. This time around, he hired a number of musicians and artists to join him in writing and recording the album. McCartney held auditions for the musicians for the album. The auditions were held in an attic in New York for three days, where he whittled down who would be good enough for his new project. Shortly thereafter, McCartney formed Wings, his second band, which he brought to life with his wife Linda. They ran for almost ten years, beginning in 1971, and released seven albums, with their final - Back to the Egg - arriving in 1979. SOURCE