Emmerdale will soon broadcast a special episode which features male characters only in the light of Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) hitting rock bottom. The ITV soap's producer has opened up to Express.co.uk about why she believes the hard-hitting instalment is one of the "most powerful" episodes in the history of the Yorkshire-based soap. Paddy has been struggling ever since he discovered his wife Chas (Lucy Pargeter) was having an affair with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) on the ITV soap. The Emmerdale vet has been finding it impossible to focus at work and has been acting out of character by lashing out at his loved ones. As he continues to sink into a deep depression, a much-needed conversation is sparked among the male residents of Emmerdale village. In scenes yet to air, the men come together to discuss their mental health in a first for the ITV serial drama. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' Producer Laura Shaw opened up with Express.co.uk and other media about the historic episode and the impact she hopes it has on viewers. She explained: "There is a whole episode where our men just talk. "There are no stunts, there are no affairs, there are no big explosive reveals, it’s just men talking about whatever they are feeling or thinking. "It’s as simple as that," she added. "But when you watch it, it’s probably one of the most powerful episodes we’ve ever done." Laura, who has been a scriptwriter for the soap since 2007, added: "We know accurate on-screen portrayals help people with their own experiences and help them speak out without fear of judgement. "If we help just one person who is struggling to reach out and start talking, well, we’ve done our job." Within the episode, Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley), Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson), Bob Hope (Tony Audenshaw), Charles Anderson (Kevin Mathurin), Bear Wolf (Joshua Richards) and Jimmy King (Nick Miles) will open their hearts to each other. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [LATEST]Emmerdale double exit after Cain Dingle warning [INSIGHT]Emmerdale's Laura Norton and Mark Jordon share kids' genetic condition [UPDATE] Laura added: "We’ve got an amazing cast and I know I am biased but I believe we have one of the most hardworking and genuine casts in the business. "Every single person always puts their heart and soul into whatever story they are playing and Dominic is definitely no exception." She praised the actor for going out of his way to do as much research as possible for his tragic storyline as the character contemplates taking his own life. Laura added: "He’s trusted us implicitly with the script and he’s just put everything into making Paddy’s story as authentic as he can." Paddy actor Dominic added of the upcoming episode: "Men suffer in secret it seems to be." The 52-year-old actor explained how important it was for people to share how they are feeling with others, whether that be a charity or a friend. He explained: "I was privileged and honoured to serve that story." Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITV Hub. If you have been impacted by Emmerdale's storyline, The Samaritans are available to contact by visitng www.samaritans.org.   