The Chinese zodiac is represented by 12 different animals, all with different characteristics and personality traits. According to Chinese astrology, Dragon is the luckiest animal of all, but why? Those who fall under the Chinese zodiac sign of the Dragon will be born in one of the following years: 1952, 1964, 1976, 1988, 2000 or 2012. In Chinese culture, the Dragon is the "luckiest" sign represents "good luck, strength and health", and is "unique because it is the only mythical creature of all the animals in the Chinese zodiac", reported Cosmic Fusion. Which zodiac sign is the unluckiest of them all? "In China, the Dragon is a symbol of imperial power and authority. It has been said for thousands of years that Dragons have represented supernatural power and wisdom." Dragon seems to have hit the jackpot when it comes to personality traits, as they are "charismatic, intelligent, confident and powerful", as well as being "born with innate luck and good fortune". READ MORE: Charles' coronation may be 'cancelled' amid royal 'crisis' - claims Indeed, China Highlights concurred the Dragon is the "most coveted zodiac sign" of all 12. January 22, 2023 to February 9, 2024 is the Year of the Rabbit. Can Dragon expect a characteristically lucky year in these 12 months or will they be plagued by misfortune? According to Chinese astrology, Dragon will face many hurdles this year but their intrinsic luckiness will save them. Astrologers at China Highlights predicted: "Dragons' fortune in 2023 will be affected by some opposition to Tai Sui (the Age Star), but there is no need to worry too much, because you will also be taken care of by lucky stars this year." Don't miss... 64-year-old granny looks like she could be her granddaughter's sister [REAL LIFE] Hairstylist shares 'universally flattering' cut for women over 50 [EXPERT]  Harry is 'determined' to be a 'complete contrast' to other royal [EXCLUSIVE] However, Dragon shouldn't rest too much on their laurels, and must maintain their "good fortune" with equal amounts of "hard work". Dragon can expect good things in their career this year, with the help of lucky star Yue De. Work shouldn't be too tumultuous, with Dragon's career development being "smooth sailing". Other colleagues will be of paramount importance - those in business will find an "indispensable supporter" and those in the office will get help from their colleagues and bosses. READ MORE: Charles in for 'difficult' 2023 as Camilla's life 'transforms' - claim  A great career for Dragon means lots of money rolling in, with their earnings "significantly improved". "In the long run, you will be appreciated by your leaders and you'll have the opportunity for a promotion and salary increase." The Dragon should beware, however, of making reckless investments - "try to avoid high-risk speculation otherwise you will be prone to the risk of bigger losses". Romantically, Dragon won't be extraordinarily this year, according to Chinese astrology, particularly for those who are unattached. Dragons not romantically involved should expect setbacks: "The invasion of the "lonely" malefic star is extremely unfavourable for single Dragons." "Dragons who have a romantic partner, your relationship will be relatively flat this year, especially between husbands and wives, and there will often be quarrels over small things in life." To avoid marital problems, this sign must "consider problems from the perspective of your partner". Health wise, Dragon may not be the luckiest this year health wise, so should rest up, eat well and exercise. Resting is particularly essential for busy Dragon, so the body does not "deteriorate" and develop "potential serious diseases". Astrologers warned Dragon to stay away from sharp objects and open water.