When it comes to jobs around the home, many choose DIY in order to save on costs. However, completing certain jobs when unqualified can put residents as well as neighbours in a lot of danger. According to experts at Checkatrade, home insurance could even be invalidated in some instances, which could leave homeowners in a difficult situation. The experts explained: “In fact, anything to do with gas. You must legally be on the Gas Safe Register to deal with any gas appliances. “Attempting to fix anything gas related can have serious effects on your health and the safety of others around you, not to mention the potential of an explosion.” Anything to do with moving appliances such as the boiler and oven should be left to a professional in order to avoid risk. Asbestos can be found in derelict buildings as well as old homes and is related to several serious diseases including lung cancer. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening ‘mistakes’ to avoid this spring This means it is extremely important to leave this to a professional if you know you have asbestos or know someone with asbestos to reduce the associated risks. The Checkatrade pros said: “Asbestos also comes with serious health risks. So much so that in 1999, the dangers of it were officially recognised in the UK. All use of asbestos was banned. “To have asbestos removed, you will need a qualified surveyor to carry out an inspection. This costs around £200 and they will identify the type of asbestos in your home and any associated risks.” Fitting a bath at home is feasible, but if DIYers haven’t got the confidence or know exactly what they’re doing, it is best to get a plumber or bathroom fitter to do the job. DON'T MISS:Five common lawn ‘mistakes’ to avoid making now [COMMENT]Five steps to correctly paint your garden fence this spring [INSIGHT]I used baking soda to clean discoloured bathroom grout in 30 minutes [PICTURES] It is important to remember that the trained professionals will be able to do the job much quicker, and will carry a lot of tools should the unexpected happen. The experts noted: “Many DIY bathtub installations have resulted in the bath not being sealed correctly, leading to severe leaks. “Another bathtub DIY fail is the tub not being secured in place, so it ends up moving around or falls through the floor.” This also goes for any fitted furniture or suites in the bathroom including the shower which could also lead to leaks if not fitted correctly. READ MORE: Laundry expert shares seven steps to stop clothing going bobbly Knocking down walls inside the home is a popular way to make the living space much bigger, creating a free-flow area for the family to enjoy. However, Britons shouldn’t knock any walls down inside their home without assistance from a professional as certain walls could be load-bearing, meaning it is holding up the entire home. According to the pros, this could result in the ceiling falling through which could result in the entire home collapsing or some hefty repairs. They added: “If you’re looking to have a load-bearing wall removed, you’re looking at a cost in the region of £1,250 for a single doorway. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Or £1,750 to create a large open plan area - money well worth spending for the peace of mind that your house won’t fall on you.” Cutting down a tree which is blocking light from a property is a dangerous job, especially if it is large in size and old. If DIYers don’t know exactly what they’re doing and don’t have the qualifications to do so, this job should be left to the professionals. Certain risks involved in cutting a tree without a pro involve falling from a height, being hit by debris or causing damage to a nearby building or property. The experts noted: “A professional tree surgeon will know exactly how to control the removal of your tree. “They have the experience, they have the tools, and they know how much to cut a tree of any size. Even better, they will remove your tree much quicker than you would yourself.”