Chelsea boss Graham Potter had to pause his celebrations momentarily after his side's dramatic win over Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday night to step in and stop an agitated Marc Cucurella from confronting some of the opposition. Stamford Bridge was bouncing ahead of kick-off in their crunch Champions League tie with Dortmund on Tuesday night.  Having lost the opening leg in a tight 1-0 defeat, all the pressure was on Chelsea to turn things around. Raheem Sterling put Chelsea level on aggregate to settle some nerves in the first half and the hosts continued to threaten Dortmund's goal for a winner. It eventually come in controversial circumstances after Chelsea were awarded a penalty. Kai Havertz hit the post with his effort, but he was given a second chance from the spot after Dortmund were penalised for encroachment. The referee's decision prompted huge protests from the Dortmund players, but to no avail. Havertz stepped up again and slotted it away the second time for what proved to be the winning goal. There were plenty of nerves from the home crowd in the final few minutes as Dortmund pushed for a winner and there appeared to be some bad blood towards the end of the match. Tackles were flying in with Dortmund players beginning to lose their heads. And their protests continued after the final whistle with several players going up to confront the referee after the match. Meanwhile, Chelsea players were celebrating in the middle of the pitch with Potter doing the rounds to join in with his team. Don't miss... Police forced to intervene before Chelsea vs Dortmund amid fan frenzy [LATEST] Chelsea vs Dortmund kick-off delay explained as fans made to wait [LATEST] Chelsea ratings as three Graham Potter stars gets nines in BVB triumph [LATEST] But Potter had to momentarily stop his celebrations after spotting an angry Cucurella begin to march over to the Dortmund players. The Chelsea boss was caught on camera in a heated exchange with the defender, pushing him away. Cucurella did start walking away, but Potter had to intervene again as the Spaniard tried to make his move a second time. Potter tried to diffuse the situation by pulling Cucurella in for a hug, which appeared to work. Reaching the Champions League quarter-finals could prove to be a momentum shifter for Potter, who was facing increased pressure at the club following a run of disappointing results. They've won two games on the bounce and will look to keep that momentum going against Leicester this weekend.  