Tributes for the victim of a stabbing in East London have begun to pour in across social media as the deceased was named for the first time. Last month, the man, known locally as "Dappz," died after being stabbed multiple times in Walthamstow.   He was on life support for approximately one week before dying from his injuries on March 6th. The incident occurred on Brandon Road in Walthamstow at approximately 6pm on February 22nd. Two teenagers, aged 18 and 19, were also stabbed and subsequently arrested. In an Instagram post, Charleigh Barley wrote: "Rest in peace my dear friend. I can't believe I'm writing this, I'm completely heartbroken. My heart goes out to Daps' family and friends, he is going to be extremely missed." She continued: "I hold all our memories close to my heart, from kids to adults there was never a dull moment with you, all laughs, fun and crazy times we shared. "And that smile you carried constantly is a smile I will never forget. You will forever be in my heart. No words can describe this pain. I love you." Elsewhere a friend commented: "Such a lovely young guy. Always spoke to me with manners. So sad to hear about his passing. Rest in peace." Posting on Facebook, Nate Leon Burgess said: "Rest in peace General Daps from the drive. Condolences to his family and all the mandem on that side The Forest. [I] originally [saw] him on my block Cathall Estate. Pistol/Preacher Pat and Trev use to be like older bros to Daps and he was always around just a kool dude, a real friends and family orientated dude. Rest up slime."  DJ Jermaine Carlos West posted: "Rest In Paradise My General For Life Dapz... I’m so p***ed that all the real ones are going so young an fast... Beg you live your life like every day's your birthday." Others chimed in with "Feel empty right now. Rest up my brudda Big Dapz Diddy" and "R.I.P Dapz. Another bro of mine gone. Met you at 16 years old. Gutted about this news." According to detectives, Dappz was involved in a fight with a group of men on Stocksfield Road, near the carpark on Brandon Road, during which he sustained stab wounds in his back and arm. Two teenagers have been charged with attempted murder in connection to the incident, but detectives are still appealing to potential witnesses to come forward. Detective Chief Inspector Mark Rogers, who continues to lead the investigation, said: "Sadly the victim, who had been in hospital since the attack, has died. "My thoughts are with his family and friends as they come to terms with this terrible loss, they continue to be supported by specially trained officers. "As such, our inquiry is now a murder investigation. Two men have previously been charged with attempted murder and, following the death, we will now consult with Crown Prosecution Service about the appropriate charge. "I would also reiterate my earlier appeal for information, a young man has died and his family have the right to know what happened to him."