After kick starting her weight loss journey two years ago, Judith has lost an impressive eight stone. She has dropped a huge 14 dress sizes, now fitting into a size 10, down from a size 24. After weighing 18.5 stone at her heaviest, she now weighs a healthy 10.5 stone. But how did she do it? At age 49, Judith is a fitness fanatic and eats a balanced, healthy diet. But her lifestyle wasn’t always that way. She explained how she would constantly be snacking and eating foods containing high levels of sugar. “We had a free coffee machine at work and I was taking several trips every day without really thinking,” Judith recalled. “I was constantly snacking on sweets and chocolate throughout the day then would have jacket potatoes and chicken tikka for dinner. “I’d had a poor relationship with food for as long as I can remember.” Judith went on to say that she believes her weight gain started when she was a child - she would comfort eat even at a young age. She explained: “Both of my parents had issues with obesity - we had lots of sweets in the house and I was having three pies from a shop up the road from when I was very young. “By the time I was 13 I was a size 16, then when I was around 17 I came down to seven stone because I hated how I looked, which was also unhealthy. DON'T MISS: Sophie, Duchess of Edinburgh turns heads in favourite coat [STYLE] Meghan is 'effortless' in all black look in California [MEGHAN MARKLE] TK Maxx plans huge expansion with 28 new shops in UK [RETAIL] “My weight was yo-yoing rapidly until I met my other half at 23 and started gaining weight so fast my co-workers would ask if I was pregnant.” When she started to gain weight, Judith recalled how her self-esteem plummeted, which led to a vicious cycle - she couldn’t stop herself from overeating because it also brought her comfort. She would also start arguments with her partner on purpose so that he would go to social functions without her. She didn’t want to leave the house because she was “embarrassed” of her appearance. “People say drug addiction is a disease and food is no different - I was definitely addicted to food, it felt completely out of my control,” the 49-year-old explained. “Men would constantly shout at me from their cars and I felt so embarrassed of how I looked - looking in the mirror would ruin my day. “I never wanted anybody to see me so any time my other half and I were about to go to a party I’d argue with him so I could stay at home.” Although she was exercising regularly, Judith found it impossible to lose weight because of her overeating. But, eventually, she found help. Judith spoke to a counsellor to talk through her relationship with food, and she also had gastric bypass surgery. “I’d focused all my energy on my body issues, but once I accepted that I had mental issues to resolve, things started falling into place,” she said. “I was on a waiting list for a gastric bypass surgery for two years and doctors could see from my food diary that I had a problem. It’s not like I didn’t know I could eat an apple instead of a whole cake, but I was sabotaging myself. I felt like I wasn’t worthy of good health.” After recovering from her surgery, Judith’s confidence started to return, and she also began to do more exercise. Today, she even owns her own gym. “I used to be afraid to speak up because I didn’t want people to notice me - now I actually care about the way I look and I’m not scared to share my opinion,” she recalled. I went and did consultancy work in a gym in exchange for personal training sessions and I loved it so much I knew I couldn’t let it go. “I rented a space to turn into a gym and the place was an empty shell, but it felt like the whole of Darlington came together to help me - we’d finished building the space within a month.” Judith now runs fitness classes at her gym, including Clubbercise, which is a cardio workout set to a soundtrack of club anthems. Gym-goers follow a dance routine with high and low impact options to suit all fitness levels. “When I started teaching Clubbercise it was the first month I actually managed to make a profit - they’ve been so popular we’re running two classes a week now,” Judith said. “I love being able to finally express myself and I think that enthusiasm rubs off on everyone in the class.”