A threesome ended in tears as two of the companions were arrested after the third said they had a "little d***" and a "stank p****". The fun in Florida was brought to a halt by police as Della Draper, 29, alleged couple Steven Lopez, 31, and Angela Vazquez, 20, had "tried to dominate her sexually". But Vazquez and Lopez tell a very different story. They claim Draper was asked to leave their home after she became "extremely disrespectful", according to an arrest report. Lopez and Draper are understood to have met during his work as a taxi driver. They reportedly swapped Facebook details. Lopez and Vazquez told police they were in an "open relationship." But their romantic get-together on March 6 didn't quite go to plan. An arrest report obtained by The Smoking Gun shows Della "became upset" before hurling insults at Lopez and Vazquez. She then claims that Lopez threw her against a wall after she said he had a "little d***." She also claims that his girlfriend "started punching her with a closed fist" after she threw her out of the Florida home. A brick was also allegedly chuck at Draper's car as she left the scene. READ NEXT: Mum arrested as one-hour-old baby is dumped in petrol station bin But Vazquez and Lopez claim their one-time companion was "extremely disrespectful" during sex and refused to get off the sofa when asked to leave. They also claimed that Draper reverse into the front of their home where they were standing, hitting Vazquez on her left leg. That is when Lopez is alleged to have thrown a cinder block at her back windscreen. Don't miss... Shopkeeper arrested for 'beating up' thief says he is a hero [LATEST] 'Sadistic' killer that beheads cats may do it to 'get back at women'  [EXCLUSIVE] Teacher accused of sleeping with daughter’s boyfriend 300 times [LATEST] The arrest report reads: "Vazquez stated that Draper then exited the vehicle and approached her, swung a closed fist at her, but missed. "Vazquez then returned a closed fist swing, striking Draper in the face. "Draper fell to the ground and Vazquez told her to leave the residence." The Smoking Gun reports that police officers did not charge Draper after breaking up the threesome. But she was arrested and charged with felony battery on March 8 for allegedly hitting another sexual partner. Lopez reportedly made bail after he was charged with a felony, while Vazquez remained in custody on a misdemeanor charge.