Johnny Depp stepped foot into the Gainsborough village of Hemswell by helicopter on Friday as part of a secret shopping trip. Shoppers were left stunned as he browsed the centre and left with several antique items. The meeting was secretly arranged by the antique shop which has links to Pinewood Studios. Whilst there, the A-list celebrity, also took the opportunity to have a go on their Mark Knopfler style guitar to the delight of staff and shoppers. Robert Miller, the owner of the antique centre, said that Johnny was really "down-to-earth." "He really enjoyed his experience here because he was able to be himself. READ MORE:Stacey Solomon cleans ‘greasy’ hair after not washing it for 3 weeks "He said he is in hotels a lot of the time because he's constantly bombarded by people." Mr Miller added: "He was very down to earth and very chatty. For someone like that to come through our doors was brilliant. "He played with and bought a few guitars. I'm sure he will be back." It is not the first time Johnny has made surprise visits to the region, last year he performed in York on tour with Jeff Beck and the month before he played at a gig in Sheffield. It comes as Pirates Of The Caribbean producer Jerry Bruckheimer recently spoke to Deadline about how fond he is of Johnny. The 79-year-old established film producer, who worked with the actor, 59, on the Pirates franchise praised the actor for his artistry and other notable traits. Speaking about the Edward Scissorhands star's litigation with ex-Amber Heard on Behind the Lens with Pete Hammond, he said about the actor: "He’s just so good at what he does and actors recover from things like this." Jerry added: "He’s a good individual and he’s a caring individual. He’s somebody that you can rely on and he’s just terrific." DONT MISS: Kate Garraway shares horrendous costs of Derek's care (PHOTOS)Nicola Peltz gushes of love for mum-in-law Victoria Beckham at show (NEWS)Louise Redknapp denies she sought fame after Strictly and Jamie split (LATEST) The director discussed the possibility of Johnny returning to the Disney film series. Jerry continued in the interview: "I think Johnny is an utter friend and an amazing artist and, again, you go through things in life you wish you hadn’t, but he’s still a talented artist." The directory previously told The Hollywood Reporter he would "love" to have Johnny back in the fold. When asked specifically if Disney would invite the star back to perform he replied: "You’d have to ask them. I can’t answer that question. I really don’t know." He added candidly: "I would love to have him in the movie. "He’s a friend, a terrific actor and it’s unfortunate that personal lives creep into everything we do." The producer also responded to Johnny's previous claims the franchise would have to kill off his character Captain Jack Sparrow if he returned for a sixth and final film. "You can't. We tried to kill him. It didn't work," Jerry said.