 King Charles’s Coronation is set to take place in May, with a concert being held at Windsor Castle to celebrate the occasion. However, the line-up has been reportedly plagued with declined requests as Kylie Minogue also turned down the offer.   The 54-year-old was reportedly in negotiations with organisers of the event but has ultimately followed the likes of Sir Elton John and Adele. The singer’s representatives confirmed to Express.co.uk: “Kylie unfortunately won’t be able to perform at The Coronation as she will be out of the country at that time.” The native Australian has also only recently returned to her home country in 2021 after living in London for three decades. However, a source told the Mail on Sunday that the singer had “read the room” to make her decision. READ MORE: Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she reveals Ken Bruce's complaint over Radio 2 exit  Republican campaigns for constitutional reforms in Australia have been on the rise ever since the death of Queen Elizabeth II in September last year. Paying close attention to this social outlook in her home country, the singer was reportedly advised that a performance at the Coronation would not be taken too kindly. The source claimed that there was “some back and forth” between Kylie and the Coronation concert organisers. However, they said Kylie ultimately decided against the gig as “she doesn’t think it is the right thing to do”.  Kylie has been an outspoken fan of the Royal Family and “an honorary Brit for years” according to the aforementioned publication. The Magic singer was part of the royal concert in 2018 celebrating the Queen’s 92nd birthday at the Royal Albert Hall. Following the monarch’s death, Kylie joined the streams of A-listers and famous faces sharing tributes online. She wrote on Instagram at the time: “The occasions I had the honour of being in the presence of Queen Elizabeth II, her energy, compassion and aura had a most singular brilliance. Don't miss... Johnny Depp surprises staff at Lincolnshire antique store  [LATEST] Stacey Solomon cleans ‘greasy’ hair after not washing it for 3 weeks [LATEST] Endeavour's DS Jakes return as fans fear Joan Thursday will die [LATEST]  “I was, and am, in awe. “My deepest condolences to family and friends. Rest in Peace.” Kylie is far from the only pop sensation to turn down the offer, as the King’s Coronation is continuously finding difficulty securing headliners for the concert. The Daily Mail added that the lacking number of pop acts may see an increase in classical or military bands to fill up the concert’s lineup.  Sky News Australia reported that pop acts the Spice Girls, Adele, Harry Styles and Ed Sheeran have all declined offers to play at the concert. British icon Sir Elton John ruled himself out of the running entirely as he is currently finishing what is expected to be his last-ever tour, Farewell Yellow Brick Road. However, pop band Take That and Lionel Richie are expected to be the headliners according to Sky News Australia. The Coronation concert is set to be held on May 7th, just one day after the official ceremony at Westminster Abbey.