Wout Weghorst has positively impacted Manchester United as Erik ten Hag continues to install his style of play at Old Trafford. But his attacking deficiencies are starting to show, and he has fielded some criticism from United legends-turned-pundits. Weghorst's ability to relentlessly press helped United enjoy one of their best periods since the days of Sir Alex Ferguson before Sunday's capitulation at Liverpool. But he has scored just one goal in 14 starts since joining the Red Devils in January, leaving Ten Hag somewhat over-reliant on Marcus Rashford's rich vein of form. And the 7-0 mauling at Old Trafford, in which the Dutchman's side were toothless in the second half, has intensified scrutiny. Paul Scholes has labelled Weghorst a 'defender' and has claimed he isn't of the standard required for United to make the strides they need to make. He told Premier League Productions: "Weghorst is in the team to be a defender, really. "You're talking about a Manchester United number 10 or a centre-forward. He's in the team to be defensive. READ MORE: Man Utd stars 'dreamt of title in WhatsApp chat' before Liverpool loss "He's the one who runs about and rats about, and everybody likes playing with him because he does that. "But quality-wise as well, you've got to have a certain level of quality to play for Man United… it's not there." Roy Keane was a little less cut-throat in his assessment in February but still admitted that a United forward should be offering more in terms of goals and assists. "He's done okay. I think that's the best compliment I can give him," Keane explained on Sky Sports. "Playing for Man United... they need a bit more. Maybe he needs better service, but I want a bit more from him." Don't miss... Gary Neville explains Sky Sports MNF absence amid 'cried off' claims [LATEST] Paul Scholes opposes Gary Neville over Man Utd star Bruno Fernandes [LATEST] Man Utd stars 'irritated' by Fernandes as club decides captain rivals [LATEST] And during United's 3-0 win against Leicester City a few days later, Gary Neville admitted that if he was a prolific striker, Besiktas wouldn't have let him terminate his loan so easily in January. He said on commentary: "I suppose if Weghorst was taking the chances, he'd be scoring 20 goals a season and wouldn't be available on a free loan. "He's doing a lot of work for the team. I imagine he's very popular with his teammates, doing a lot of that work that Manchester United's players in the last couple of seasons have been accused of not putting in. "But then there's just that quality thing in the final third, which is maybe what counts in the big games and towards the end of the season. We'll see." Despite Weghorst's flaws, Ten Hag will continue to rely on him in attack while Anthony Martial's injury woes rumble on. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here