Nothing brings out the juicy flavours of lamb more than mint sauce, and even more so when it's freshly made. While it can be done using just three ingredients - mint, vinegar and water, an avid home cook has shared an easy recipe for an extra tangy taste. All you need is five items. Of course, mint is the main event when it comes to blending your own sauce, so choosing the best produce is essential. Holly Nilsson, home cook and author of the Spend With Pennies blog said: "Choose fragrant leaves pulled from the stems of both the mint and the parsley so the sauce blends smoother. "Fresh parsley is milder in flavour so we like to add it to the sauce." The same goes for the other seasonings too. Holly recommended using small garlic cloves only, so as not to overpower the delicate flavour of the mint/parsley blend. READ MORE: Asda, Tesco, Aldi and more recall popular products - full list   She added: "White wine vinegar will give the sauce a mildly acidic bite, red wine or balsamic vinegar are too pungent in this recipe. Fresh lemon juice can be used in place of vinegar, if necessary." To make enough for eight servings, you will need: Don't miss... James Martin's mushrooms on toast is 'breakfast heaven' - recipe [LATEST] Bacon recipe is the 'perfect combination of crispy and chewy'  [REVEAL] 'This egg recipe is the nicest thing I've ever made in my air fryer' [RECIPE] Making the mint sauce can be done in one simple step if you have a food processor or blender. Simply place all the ingredients in and pulse for two to three minutes or until just-chopped. The sauce should not be smooth, though it shouldn't be too coarse either. Leave to chill in the fridge for at least one hour before serving. READ MORE: 'Flavourful' gravy recipe that's 'perfect for any meal' Holly warned: "Do not use olive oil in this recipe, the flavour is not the same. "The oil will naturally separate, this is expected. Shake before using." If you don't have a blender, start by finely chopping the mint and parsley leaves until small but not minced. Combine in a bowl with the remaining ingredients and add the salt and pepper to taste.  If you don't want to use the sauce straight away, you can freeze it for a later date. Holly said: "Since it contains raw garlic which could pose a health risk, you should freeze it within a few days of making it. "Keep covered in a container in the refrigerator or freeze in ice cube trays and then transfer to a zippered bag. Pop out a cube or two for last minutes dips, dressings, and marinades. "It’s really fresh and flavorful but super easy to make." 