One moment in Tottenham’s disappointing Champions League exit could have been described as Deja vu for Spurs fans, as their team slumped to a 0-0 draw with AC Milan that saw them crash out of Europe. Antonio Conte’s outfit lost 1-0 in the first leg at the San Siro, but could not get on level terms as the Italians comfortably saw out a stalemate. The pressure continues to mount on Conte’s position at the club, as his contract expires at the end of the season and there is no suggestion that either party wishes to sign an extension. Whether Spurs will consider relieving Conte of his duties before the summer remains to be seen, as recent performances have suggested that a change in voice at the club could be beneficial. Spurs chief Daniel Levy made the swift decision to remove Nuno Espirito Santo just four months into the job in 2021, as his position became evidently untenable when he brought off his best performer Lucas Moura for Steven Bergwijn when chasing a Manchester United side that held a 1-0 lead, as supporters’ audible frustrations at the substitution signalled the end of his time in north London. One moment in Wednesday’s defeat to Milan has drawn comparisons to the Portuguese coach's final game in charge when Conte opted to take Dejan Kulusevski off for centre-back Davinson Sanchez to a chorus of boos from the home fans despite Cristian Romero’s red card, as supporters felt that a negative change at a time when Spurs needed a goal was unnecessary. Don't miss... Tottenham mocked for £1bn stadium flaw as fan shares AC Milan view [LATEST] Frustrated fans have called for Conte’s time at Spurs to end prematurely, while the head coach admitted that there is a possibility that he may get sacked. “I’m under contract at Tottenham, then we will decide at the end of the season with the club,” Conte said after the game. “My contract expires in June, we will see; they might sack me even before the end of the season, who knows, maybe they are disappointed." Don't miss... Conte runs out of excuses after Spurs' Milan loss as Pochettino looms [REACTION] Tottenham have four perfect players for Mauricio Pochettino [ANALYSIS] Champions League - Tottenham and PSG crash out [LATEST] Meanwhile, his team selection was attacked by Richarlison, who was upset at being named as a substitute and did not hold back on his assessment of his side’s season. "That's what I didn't understand. It was going well in a good sequence with two wins against West Ham and Chelsea,” Richarlison told TNT Sports. "Suddenly, he put me on the bench against Wolverhampton and put me on for five minutes. I asked why? They didn't tell me anything. Let's see what he [Conte] will say, but there are no fools here either, I'm a professional, I work every day and I want to play. There are minutes left, time left. "This season, excuse the word, it's been s***, because I don't have minutes, I suffered a little with the injury. But, when I enter the field, I give my life. I came from two games well, I think that's it, I think I should have played and I don't have to cry about it."