A young mother died when she was 28-weeks pregnant with a baby girl, an inquest heard yesterday. Jessica Cronshaw, 26, had battled an extreme form of pregnancy sickness known as hyperemesis gravidarum since she discovered she was expecting. The woman's inquest heard Ms Cronshaw died in December last year despite support from her GP and hospitals in Blackburn, Lancashire. East Lancashire Hospitals NHS Trust is currently carrying out an investigation into the antenatal care Ms Cronshaw received. The midwife who treated Jessica has provided a statement for the full inquest, which will be held at Accrington Town Hall in July. But opening and adjourning proceedings yesterday, Kate Bisset, Assistant Coroner in Lancashire and Blackburn with Darwen, said the circumstances around the death were "absolutely tragic". Evidence relating to Ms Cronshaw's employment will also be given during the final inquest, reports Lancs Live. The coroner asked the family, who attended the hearing, how they were doing to which they replied: "As well as we can." "I can't even begin to imagine what you are going through as a family. I am so very sorry for your losses," the coroner added. After the tragedy, friends and family raised more than £17,000 for Pregnancy Sickness Support via JustGiving. Steffi Scott-Miller, who set up the fundraiser, wrote: "We are raising money and funds for the UK5's only registered charity Pregnancy Sickness Support who support women who are suffering from the debilitating condition Hyperemesis Gravidarum (HG). "They provide amazing and vital support to the approximate 3% of women who are affected by HG and are often a lifeline for sufferers. HG significantly impairs the ability of those suffering to complete basic care needs as well as everyday activities. We need more awareness, knowledge & specialist counselling support systems for every HG sufferer. "In 2022 Pregnancy Sickness Support launched the partner and carer service as well as launching the much needed counselling service to help people overcome the mental health implications of HG." To donate, visit this link.