Chelsea's tumultuous teething problems at the start of Graham Potter's tenure as head coach could cost them in the summer transfer battle for Jude Bellingham. The England midfielder has been linked with a move to Chelsea, but they face missing out to their Premier League rivals. Borussia Dortmund are expected to host a blockbuster bidding war for Bellingham's signature this summer, with Liverpool, Manchester City and Real Madrid widely thought to be the frontrunners. Manchester United have also been heavily linked, but uncertainty over the club's ownership makes them outsiders in any race for his services. And Chelsea have issues of their own that are reportedly impacting Todd Boehly's summer transfer plans as he looks to continue his relentless spending spree at Stamford Bridge. According to transfer expert Fabrizio Romano, the Blues are busy attempting to resolve their sticky situation with current players and Potter. JUST IN: Amanda Staveley's six-word reply when asked if Saudis may buy Man Utd  He told CaughtOffside: "Chelsea are busy with problems with current players and their coach. "So, at the moment, I'm told Liverpool, Real Madrid, and Man City are leading the race for Bellingham. "Let's see what Chelsea do in the next few months, it's still March, and the market starts in June. "So there is still a long way to go. The situation now is Liverpool, Real, and City are pushing more than others." The former Brighton and Hove Albion boss can't buy a win, and his struggles are partly down to managing an oversized squad featuring over 30 first-team stars. DON'T MISS Tottenham have themselves to blame for Arsenal fighting for titleArsenal 'perplexed' after hearing reason Fofana deal went throughMan Utd place Romeo Lavia on 'four-man transfer shortlist' Chelsea have won just three of their last 17 games, losing their last three without scoring a single goal. It has left Potter's side slumped in 10th in the Premier League with more defeats than wins, 14 points behind fourth-place Tottenham Hotspur. With the Londoners seemingly primed to miss out on Champions League qualification, they would likely already be at a disadvantage in the race to sign Bellingham. But outstanding issues from top to bottom have left their hopes of beating the competition for one of the most coveted signatures in Europe in disarray. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here