Unforgotten is returning to ITV and forensics reveal a victim found in a chimney had been shot. Jess James (played by Sinéad Keenan) and Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) visit the victim's mother to break the news. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. PC Ellis is played by Charlie MacGechan, an actor and producer from Cambridge. He has won numerous awards for his performance as Mark in the theatre show The Dwarfs. The star has also received recognition as an award-winning producer. His other credits include We Die Young, Casualty, Pennyworth and Breaking the Band. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' Flick is played by Lisa Faulkner, a 51-year-old actress, presenter and TV chef. She was first headhunted as a model when she was 16 and went on to make her first acting appearance in The Lover. Viewers may also known her for winning Celebrity MasterChef as a contestant in 2010. Her TV credits include Brookside, Holby City, Spooks and The Girl Before. In February the star opened up about struggling to find acting roles due to her age. She told Express.co.uk: "There’s not a lot of work and so I’ve actually been very lucky in that I love to cook, I really love it. “So, after MasterChef I decided - and I was offered some great parts but they weren’t hugely different to what I’d done - so I just thought, you know what, I’m just going to jump in and test myself and do something that scares me." Serge is played by Louis Bernard, French actor based in London and Paris. He has lived and worked all over the world including Canada, Taiwan and Australia. He started his career in springboard diving, representing his country in international events. Bernard then worked as a business analyst for more than six years on projects based in Asia, Australia and Europe. He later graduated with an acting degree in 2014 and has starred in Virtue, The Peripheral and Silent Eye.  Don't miss... Endeavour's DS Jakes return as fans fear Joan Thursday will die [DISCUSSION] Unforgotten star Hayley Mills' boyfriend is 20 years her junior [INSIGHT] Unforgotten season 5 featured a major twist in the finale [EXPLAINER] Cheryl is played by Hebe Beardsall and she is no stranger to the world of Unforgotten. She is credited as starring in a total of five episodes of the crime drama. The star is also appearing in the new series of Grace, and has starred in The Witcher: Blood Origin. Viewers may also recognise her from her roles in Andor, The Alienist and Casualty.  The actress and former child star plays Emma and the star is the daughter of famous actors Sir John Mills and Mary Hayley Bell. She is known for her roles in Disney's Pollyanna and The Parent Trap. She won a BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer for her performance in the film Tiger Bay. Sunny actor Sanjeev Bhaskar said it was strange filming without the previous leading lady, Nicola Walker. He said: "It was slightly strange, I think for all of us. We filmed the police station scenes towards the end of the schedule, so I didn’t meet them all as a group until late on. "We are a little composite family so it’s like a school reunion every time we see each other – in a good way. "But it was the same this time, and we didn’t have Lewis Reeves as part of the team this time, which felt strange as well, because he wasn’t there. "But luckily, Jordan, Carolina and Pippa were. And it was this collective thing of, 'This is a bit weird, isn’t it?'"  Unforgotten airs on ITV on Mondays from 9pm.