Whether you want to grow citrus trees for their flavoursome produce or to brighten up your garden, they are an excellent choice. A citrus tree expert at Sutton Manor Nursery said: "Citrus trees are a lovely way to add luscious greenery, a pop of colour and delicious scents to your garden. "At Sutton Manor Nursery, we offer a wide variety of beautiful citrus trees including lime trees, mandarin, kumquat, limequat and lemon trees in a range of sizes." When choosing your plants, it is important to buy ones that come pre-potted, and ready to be placed in your garden. READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again Like those sold at Sutton Manor Nursery, finding trees that are suitable for both indoor and outdoor environments is ideal for the best results - particularly when it comes to lemons. The gardening experts said: "Yes, lemon trees can be grown in the UK without too much effort required. "They’re better kept in a pot than planted into the ground so that they can be moved indoors in the winter." As sun-loving plants, citrus fruits require plenty of warmth to thrive so it's important to get them settled in the ground after the cold winter weather has passed.  Don't miss... Four ‘effective’ methods to remove ivy without damaging your garden [REVEAL] Neighbours' confusion as mysterious orange marks appear on trees [INSIGHT] ‘Best time’ to prune your Japanese maple - how to avoid ‘damage’ [TIPS] The Sutton Manor experts noted that "the best time to plant citrus trees is early springtime" - around mid-March. They said: "This is because the weather will be cool enough for your tree to become established before the heat of summer." While this is important for the fruits, cool temperatures are useful if you want the plant to flower. This is particularly true for vibrant yellow lemon trees. READ MORE: Monty Don shares key 'principle' pruning fruit trees in winter The gardening experts said: "Cooler temperatures are the best conditions for your lemon tree to flower in. "To get your lemon tree to flower, leave potted lemon trees out in the cold for a few hours each day during the winter and early spring. This will encourage the plant to bloom." Of course, using the right technique is also crucial for a successful plant. Start by choosing a suitable space in your garden to grow the potted tree. This should be in a sunny but sheltered spot, ideally near a house or wall to provide shelter from the wind. The experts noted that citrus trees like high humidity so might need to be moved indoors for the winter months. When it comes to watering, trees are hungry plants that require consistent watering so the compost is moist but not wet. The Sutton Manor team said: "Be careful not to overwater them and in the winter, allow the soil to dry out between waterings. Citrus trees need more regular watering in the summer, possibly once or twice a week."