Hollywood hard guys are ten a penny but it's incredible that Keanu Reeves' monosyllabic assassin is still standing at all after the first three films. Ecstatic early responses from last night's premiere of the latest installment confirm that his body, mind, and soul are even more battered and bruised by the end of this one. As he continues his battle to free himself from the control of the High Table, he's joined by familiar faces Laurence Fishburne as The Bowery King and the New York Continental's Ian McShane as Winston and Lance Reddick as Charon. Bill Skarsgård plays new enemy the Marquis de Gramont, a powerful member of the High Table, while many of the first reactions are raving about Donnie Yen as blind assassin Caine. SCROLL DOWN FOR THE JOHN WICK 4 FIRST REACTIONS John Wicks 4 and 5 had originally been intended to be shot back to back but the pandemic changed plans. Fans shouldn't worry too much about early comments about the end of the saga in the latest film – Lionsgate has confirmed the fifth film is planned. Reeves himself has said the franchise will go: "As far as my legs can take me, as far as the audience wants to go." It's impossible to not root for titular anti-hero, but direct Chad Stahelski has warned: "John may survive all this sh*t but at the end of it, there's no happy ending...He's f***ed for the rest of his life. It's just a matter of time." The genius of the series and Reeves' iconic performance is that it won't stop the rest of us rooting for the impossible... JOHN WICK FIRST REACTIONS: Slash Film's Vanessa Armstrong said: "John Wick 4 is the best movie I've seen in ages! It's like a Greek epic that's, yes, full of unparalleled action (and guns), and the set pieces are phenomenal. But it's also about relationships and love. What a breathtaking, heart-rending story! I can't wait to see it again." That Hashtag Show's Hunter Bolding said: "John Wick: Chapter 4 is one of the finest action movies ever. My jaw hit the floor at least six times. One section involving a Dragon's Breath shotgun is just action-movie goodness at its best. Donnie Yen steals the show. Easily the best in the series." DON'T MISSMichelle Yeoh claims her James Bond movie put her out of workLisa Marie Presley broke Graceland tradition for Elvis Presley movieJohn Wayne’s tragic feud with star who desperately tried to reconcile Collider's Steve Weintraub said: "John Wick Chapter 4 is f***ing awesome. Literally had to pick my jaw off the ground from some of the insane and inventive set pieces. You are not prepared for what Keanu does with the dragon's breath shotgun. Also, Donnie Yen brought his A-game. Can't wait to see it again." LA film critic Courtney Howard said: "Brawny, bold & badass, John Wick 4 brilliantly balances vested stakes with an absolutely spectacular, high-octane thrill ride. A soaring, searing, scorching chapter in the saga. The wildest time you’ll have at the movies this year. A pure adrenaline rush." Cinema Blend's Eric Eisenberg said: "I had reservations about John Wick: Chapter 4's nearly three hour runtime, but the movie earns it. It's an epic with smart pacing that never lets the action feel exhausting, and the set pieces are phenomenal. Great cast of series newcomers, but Donnie Yen is the MVP." Nerd Reactor's John Nguyen said: "John Wick 4 continues with the visceral and brutal action. We finally get the conclusion to the story, and the film brings the action to a higher level with armoured ninja, fiery weapons, epic one-shot scenes, and more. Donnie Yen is definitely icing on the cake." Insider's Kirsten Acuna said: " John Wick 4 is a bloody good time. Great action and fight sequences. Donnie Yen is an INCREDIBLE addition to the franchise. He's a highlight of the film. Lots of surprises in this one that's going to deliver a divisive ending. See this one in IMAX. At times, John Wick 4 feels like a video game come to life. (And I mean that as a compliment.) So many of Keanu Reeves' fight sequences felt like boss battles. I get a kick out of how the franchise continues to find creative ways to turn mundane objects into deadly weapons." JOHN WICK: CHAPTER 4 IS OUT IN CINEMAS ON MARCH 24