Last week, Emmerdale viewers saw Dawn Fletcher's (played by Olivia Bromley) troublesome ex Alex Moore (Liam Boyle) return to the village and strike up a flirty connection with Naomi Walters (Karene Peter). As her dad Charles (Kevin Mathurin) made it clear he’s unhappy with the new relationship, his daughter decides to goad him in an ambush in scenes set to air on the ITV soap next week. The last viewers saw of Alex was when Kim Tate (Claire King) and Will (Dean Andrews) decided to take matters into their own hands after he was threatening their family. As Dawn denied him having a role in bringing up his son Lucas Taylor (Noah Ryan Aspinall) he later threatened to take Clemmie Reed (Mabel Addison). Although she’s being fostered by Dawn, Alex is her biological father and unless Dawn paid him off, he’d take Clemmie away for good. However, after being locked up by Kim and Will the soap bad boy fled the village, which was the case until recently. READ MORE:SNL pays touching tribute to John Head as NBC show airs title card After breaking up with Nate Robinson (Jurell Carter), for not having fun or spending enough time with her, Naomi Walters is ready to move on. Arranging for a drink with the returned arrival, both Dawn and her dad Charles were less than pleased to see the duo flirting outside of the cafe. Not wanting his daughter to have anything to do with the troublesome man, the vicar tries to stop the romance before it properly begins. However, this only pushes his daughter closer to Alex which results in him looking for advice from Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker).  In scenes set to air next week, Manpreet warns Charles that if he wants Naomi to stop seeing Alex he needs to try a different tactic, reverse psychology. Later on, his daughter offers to cook the family lunch, and although he’s suspicious of Naomi’s offering to make everyone food, he accepts. Although it soon becomes clear to both Alex and Charles that they’re being ambushed into getting to know one another. Not wasting any time, he decides to grill the bad boy over their food to see what his intentions are with his daughter.  DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Amy Barlow star tributes ‘brilliant’ co-star [SOAP] Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection [REACTION] BBC Breakfast host jokes he'll leave over 'natural' young reporter [VIDEO]   However, Charles is quickly struck by Manpreet’s words as she reminds him that his hostile attitude towards him is only driving aiding in pushing Naomi closer to Alex. Wanting to see how far she can push her dad, Naomi decides to goad Charles as she plants a huge kiss on Alex in front of him. Listening to Manpreet’s advice, Charles fights his instinct to intervene and leaves them be, although concern for his daughter still continues. The next day, his partner suggests he speak to one of the people who knows Alex best, his ex-partner Dawn. Will Dawn be able to put his mind at ease over Alex and tell him there’s nothing to worry about? Or will she make matters worse by warning him to keep Naomi away?    His daughter’s love life isn’t the only worry Charles has to deal with at the moment either after his son Ethan (Emile John) was left heartbroken as his partner Marcus (Darcy Grey) slept with another man. Despite a grand gesture to propose to his love, Marcus was caught out cheating on Ethan which quickly ended their relationship with him deciding to leave the village. Speaking about the actor's exit, producer Jane Hudson teased there’s a lot to expect for Ethan’s family this year. She commenced: “We are going to see Ethan go through quite a journey with Marcus on screen, which will result in Ethan being young, free and single – and where will that lead us to? “There is a lot in store for the Andersons this year.” Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV1 and streams on ITVX.  