Police have launched an investigation into a noise complaint lodged at a caravan park against a group of friends who died in a car accident later that day. Rafel Jeane-Actie, 24, and his friends Eve Smith and Darcy Ross, both 21, died in a crash involving their white VW Tiguan near Cardiff, Wales, in the early hours of Saturday. Shane Loughlin, 32, and Sophie Russon, 20, were found alive inside the vehicle 48 hours after the accident off the A48 in St Mellons. They are battling for their lives in the hospital. The group of friends had spent Friday night out at the Muffler bar and club in Maeglas, Newport before going to a caravan park in Porthcawl. The group is thought to have gone to Shane's family caravan in Trecco Bay, about 36 miles from Newport, before crashing later that night. A caravan at the campground, where it is believed the group spent some time before the disaster, has been sealed off. According to PA, police are aware of a noise complaint made about the group to the park's security lodge. Darcy had shared pictures of herself and Rafel on Snapchat where they were seen partying that night. They were last observed at around 2 am in Cardiff's Pentwyn neighbourhood, where they had just dropped off the sixth person in their group. The man is fully participating in the police inquiry. South Wales Police said they are still working to "piece together" what happened. In a statement, the force said: "South Wales Police is continuing to investigate the fatal road traffic collision on the A48 in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. "Our thoughts continue to be with the families and all those affected by this tragic incident. "Specialist officers are carrying out a detailed investigation to piece together what has happened. "Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them." Tributes flooded in after the accident, with members of the Welsh Parliament paying their tributes to the victim. Senedd speaker Elin Jones MS said: "On behalf of the Senedd, our sympathies are with the friends and families of Eve, Darcy and Rafel and our hopes are with Sophie and Shane for a full recovery." A member of the Senedd said there has been "a great deal of public distress following the crash" and "disquiet" among the families of those involved about the police handling of the missing persons' investigation. Peredur Owen Griffiths asked what role the Welsh Government could play in ensuring police prioritising processes for missing persons are adequate to "ensure incidents like this can be avoided in the future". The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) has launched an investigation into the actions of South Wales Police and Gwent Police during the search for the group who were not found until just after midnight on Monday, March 6.