The frustrations of a manager who has clearly reassessed his value in recent weeks spilled over in Antonio Conte’s pre-Nottingham Forest press conference. “I can put it all on myself but I don’t want to kill myself,” he said.“I am really happy to work here and stay here. But at the same time, I have to take all the considerations, also for myself.“If I have to put the stress and pressure only to myself, it is not right.”The 53-year-old still does not look 100 percent healthy following his recent gallbladder operation. But he is still too full of the fighting spirit to let the boos that greeted his second half substitution of Dejan Kulusevski with Davinson Sanchez go without an elaborate explainer which boiled down to the issues of only having two at the back against the defending Italian champions.Stung by the crowd reaction, perhaps, but never likely to bow down to it. Brazenly, Conte instead proposes that the whole Tottenham project appears to be beginning to unravel because he is too good a manager.“Maybe my past penalises me, you understand?” he said. “The problem for me is only one - that every club where I coached, I won.“Expectation has always been very, very high. “I remember very well when I arrived at this club everybody said, ‘Now we have Conte - he won in the past, so now we are going to win!’“But we have to win together. We have to create the right situation. I can teach you the path to win, but you have to follow me.“I need time and patience and I understood I had that.“The environment wants to win and in this moment we are not close to do it, in my opinion,“Maybe I do have time, because the club can give me that. But I think there is no patience.“The fans for many, many years are waiting to win something. Here the patience has finished for the fans.” The other way to manage those expectation levels is to lower them again, of coach.“If I was a coach who was a good coach but without a win in my career, I think it would be the perfect situation to enjoy working and growing together,” he said.“But my past is different. My past brings expectation, high expectation.”Famously, bookies’ favourite to be the next Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino’s lack of silverware has always been held against him. Another up-and-coming manager who might fit the bill is Brighton’s Roberto de Zerbi, having been impressive at Brighton since he replaced Graham Potter in September.But the 43-year-old with a contract which runs until 2026, says he is one Italian who claims to be going nowhere.“We have a long contract here at Brighton,” de Zerbi said of his management team when speculation linking him to White Hart Lane was put to him.“I’m happy to work here and enjoy working with these players. I cannot ask more and, for me, it is a good moment for me and my life.”