Chelsea have been urged to hijack Manchester United's move for Napoli striker Victor Osimhen. Former Blues forward Eni Aluko claims Osimhen can be the next Didier Drogba at Stamford Bridge. United are likely to be in the market for a forward this summer. The departure of Cristiano Ronaldo left Erik ten Hag short of options in attack. He brought in Wout Weghorst on loan in January but will investigate long-term options at the end of the season. Tottenham's Harry Kane has been linked with the Red Devils. But Osimhen has been one of the most in-form strikers in Europe this season and United are interested. Chelsea are set to welcome Christopher Nkunku to the club this summer after agreeing a deal with RB Leipzig. However, Aluko would love to see owner Todd Boehly splash out on another forward. The pundit says Osimhen would be the perfect player to help Graham Potter's misfiring Blues having scored 21 goals in 24 matches for Napoli this season.  Read more... Bruno Fernandes could be toast after Man Utd boss Ten Hag's comment [OPINION] Aluko told talkSPORT: "I care more about them signing a striker. I am desperate for Chelsea to sign a striker. "Sign Osimhen, the guy at Napoli. Brilliant. Next Drogba, just sign him. "Potter will be in the job until the end of the season but for me, with all the money that's been spent, Chelsea need a striker. [Kai] Havertz, I know he scored the winning goal in the Champions League final, but I still don't think he's enough. "I still don't think he's enough for us going forward. We need a striker who is going to score 20-plus goals a season, so get Osimhen."  Don't miss... Inside Dele Alli's rocky romance with Pep Guardiola's model daughter [INSIGHT] Victor Osimhen gets the ultimate approval to join Man Utd [TRANSFERS] Liverpool can sign left-field Firmino replacement rated by Roy Keane [COMMENT] Potter has eased pressure on his own future with back-to-back wins over Leeds and Borussia Dortmund. Aluko reckons the Chelsea hierarchy will continue to support Potter until the summer at least. She added: "I think consistency's very important. I get that Graham Potter's got a reputation of being a tinker man and changing it but at some point, you do sort of have to be brave and go with an XI, particularly in the key positions in midfield and wing-back and up front. "I think he's done that the last two games, against Leeds and last night. Hopefully he does that against Leicester this weekend. I don't think the owners are going to get rid of Potter. "I think that's their man, they made a decision to get rid of Tuchel and it's a sort of ego thing where they're going to stand by their man." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 