King Charles is poised to offer Harry and Meghan a Buckingham Palace flat. The property, considered to be a token of peace following the couple’s eviction from Frogmore Cottage, is said to be available to them whenever they visit Britain. It comes as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are set to hand over their keys to the cottage, the place in which their relationship blossomed in the UK, later this year.    Instead of staying at the Windsor pad when they come across to the UK, they may be given access to Prince Andrew’s old suite at the Palace, it has been reported. This comes as King Charles plans to streamline the monarchy, removing privileges from non-working members. Harry and Meghan losing Frogmore isn’t the only royal property controversy. Prince Andrew is also set to have to give up the vast 30-room Royal Lodge mansion he’s lived in for more than two decades. Incredibly, he will take up residence in Frogmore Cottage once the Sussexes have vacated, if he accepts his brother's offer of the property.    Once the Duke of York and his ex-wife Sarah leave the Royal Lodge, it is possible the Prince and Princess of Wales will move in. However the mansion is understood to require significant renovation work. This comes as the fallout from Prince Harry’s tell-all memoir continues to emerge. A source told the Mail on Sunday that the King and Queen Consort were “furious” and “wearied” by the allegations made in Spare. The 38-year-old Prince laid bare claims his father didn’t hug him when breaking the news of the death of his mother, the late Princess Diana. He also unravelled personal details of a fight he is claimed to have had with his brother in which he was "pushed to the ground". The royal source said: “His Majesty is furious, as is William. But the King is not a bad man. He has no wish to see his brother Andrew homeless or penniless. Nor does he wish to deprive the Sussexes of a base in the UK. READ MORE: 'That's not racist!' Chris Rock slams Meghan Markle's race claim about the Royal Family   “London is a better fit. The Sussexes have always wanted rooms at Buckingham Palace. They could have Andrew's old rooms there, which are currently being vacated.” Andrew’s old quarters, known as the Chamber Floor, were taken from him after he was stripped of royal patronages and military titles, following his links to Jeffrey Epstein, the child sex trafficker and paedophile. Prince Andrew continues to deny any wrongdoing, despite settling the lawsuit brought against him by Virginia Giuffre. Palace sources also said the Sussex’s will be invited to King Charles’ coronation, despite slandering the most senior royals in the recently released memoir.   DON'T MISS:Prince Harry says 'broken home' made him 'perfect candidate' for army [INSIGHT]Harry insists he's performing 'an act of service' with his interviews [COMMENT]'Meghan was not as cool' as Prince Harry in meeting with Rebel Wilson [PICTURES]  It is not yet known if the Sussexes have accepted this invitation.  