FA Cup fifth-round matches are being played this week, with six-time winners Manchester City booking their place in the quarter-finals on Tuesday night courtesy of a 3-0 victory over Bristol City at Ashton Gate. Manchester United and Tottenham will also be hoping to join the Citizens in the last eight - and Express Sport has the details for the quarter-final draw tonight. When is the FA Cup quarter-final draw? The FA Cup quarter-final draw will take place tonight (Wednesday evening). It will follow Tottenham’s clash with Championship high-flyers Sheffield United at Bramall Lane, which is the last game of the fifth round. The match is scheduled to finish at around 9.40pm, unless it ends in a draw and needs to be decided in extra time or via penalties. How to watch the draw The BBC are screening Spurs’ showdown in Sheffield live. And the broadcaster will then show the FA Cup quarter-final draw following the conclusion of the match. The draw will also be streamed live on the official Emirates FA Cup social media channels. Which teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals? Fours teams booked their place in the last eight on Tuesday night as Pep Guardiola’s Man City were joined by Fulham, Brighton and Championship side Blackburn. Fulham defeated Leeds 2-0 at Craven Cottage, Brighton overcame Stoke 1-0 at the bet365 Stadium and Blackburn stunned Premier League club Leicester 2-1 at the King Power Stadium. JUST IN: Tottenham strike F1 partnership with mission to achieve Hamilton dream Which teams could still qualify? As well as Tottenham’s encounter, there are three other fifth-round matches going ahead on Wednesday. League Two club Grimsby will be looking to pull off an almighty upset when they travel to Premier League giants Southampton, while runaway Championship leaders Burnley face a banana skin clash with League One club Fleetwood. And Manchester United will be looking to take one step closer to landing the FA Cup trophy for the 13th time when they host West Ham.  Ball numbers 1 Southampton or Grimsby Town 2 Blackburn Rovers 3 Brighton & Hove Albion 4 Sheffield United or Tottenham Hotspur 5 Fulham 6 Manchester City 7 Manchester United or West Ham United 8 Burnley or Fleetwood Town When will the quarter-finals be played? The FA Cup quarter-finals will be played across the weekend of Saturday 18 March. The winning teams will each receive £450,000 from the competition’s prize fund. 