Geordie duo Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly's ITV programme returned to screens on Saturday evening for a new series and the hosts were up to their usual pranks on unsuspecting guests. However, one practical joke on an expectant father called Liam about his baby's scan was branded "cruel" by viewers, promoting an influx of Ofcom complaints. Liam was put through a mixture of made-up experiences, with his wife convincing him he was going through the motions of pre-birth rituals. For one part of the windup, Ant told viewers they had pranked Liam with a "totally fake" scan of his unborn baby. The dad-to-be was told to talk to his wife's stomach and look at the ultrasound monitor as the scan was taking place. The nurse advised Liam to play peek a boo and the baby on the monitor appeared to play the game back. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Of course, the baby on the monitor was not real, but Liam had no idea and it started waving at him. Viewers flocked to Twitter to condemn the prank which many felt was "cruel" and in "poor taste". Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway has now been slapped with 130 Ofcom complaints from furious viewers. Ofcom has confirmed 111 complaints "related to the series of pranks played on a husband throughout his wife’s pregnancy’". Ant and Dec watched the fake ultrasound through screens of their own and continued to chuckle their way through the prank. "It’s not even his baby!" Ant told viewers as Liam gushed over the baby on the monitor, thinking it was his. Liam was later made to undertake an anti-natal class and pull ridiculous faces for their first family photoshoot. He had no idea his wife was behind the array of pranks which took place over the course of a year.  DON'T MISS...Ant and Dec admit they 'love and miss' David Walliams despite backlash [LATEST]Ant and Dec on 'difficult' Matt Hancock situation behind the scenes [INSIGHT]BGT's Ant and Dec 'apprehensive' about series without David Walliams [UPDATE] Viewers lashed out on social media during the ITV programme in disgust. Hannah Robinson remarked: "Love Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway but the baby scan prank wasn’t cool." Wayne said: "It appears I wasn’t alone in thinking the baby scan prank on #SaturdayNightTakeaway last night with #antanddec was of poor taste. "Personally, the baby scans were one of the many magical memories I will always have." (sic) Kgall remarked: "I don’t usually watch and Dec but this baby ultrasound prank is just cruel." Jon M raged: "[The] baby prank was insensitive and thoughtless. You've both gotten too big for your boots and should apologise." However, @Wibblywobble1 said: "The wife was obviously not concerned as she knew what was happening and agreed to it happening. Please see it as it was... A prank for her husband not to disturb viewers and get them angry and upset." Heather Loader said: "The couple involved absolutely loved the prank and their baby had an £18,000 savings account! What on earth was insensitive when the couple thorough endorsed it?" (sic) Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway continues on ITV next Saturday at 7pm.