Manchester United could be poised to bring one of the best centre-backs 'in the world' to Old Trafford for as little as £43million when the transfer window re-opens at the end of the campaign, according to reports. The Red Devils are widely expected to use the upcoming summer market to improve their squad in advance of next season as Erik ten Hag looks to prepare for a renewed Premier League title challenge at the very next time of asking. The addition of a new central defender is said to be among the options on the table for United this summer, especially if they end up selling Harry Maguire amid the ongoing uncertainty over the 30-year-old's long-term future at Old Trafford. It seems as though they could sign the perfect candidate by chasing a move for Napoli centre-back Kim Min-jae, who has a bargain release clause of just £43m written into his current deal.The South Korea international has excelled since joining Napoli from Fenerbahce over the summer and is thought to be a player admired by those in power at Old Trafford, although United are unlikely to be the only club in the battle to secure his signature when the campaign draws to a close. Liverpool and Tottenham have also been keeping a close eye on the defender's recent progress, according to Calciomercato, which suggests that a three-horse race could emerge when the bidding opens later this year.It has recently been claimed that Napoli are willing to enter into talks with Min-jae over a new and improved contract in Italy, although it remains to be seen whether his head will be turned by interest from the likes of United and Liverpool between now and the start of next season. JUST IN: Man Utd star Varane raises concerns as Ten Hag suffers another setback The 26-year-old was recently given the ultimate compliment by Napoli boss Luciano Spalletti, who labelled him the best defender in the world and underlined his impressive physical qualities after their victory over Atalanta in Serie A on the weekend."Kim does at least 20 incredible things per game," Spalletti told DAZN. "For me, he truly is the best centre-back in the world. When he starts to run, he can get into the opposition penalty area in five seconds flat." Don't miss... Lineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [UPDATE] Arsenal star Trossard says Gunners have received fresh title boost  [LATEST] Erik ten Hag's silence is telling as Ronaldo rule risks Rashford exit [ANALYSIS] Meanwhile, there remains a chance that the player himself could turn down the opportunity to test himself in the Premier League in order to continue with Napoli, who are firmly on course to win their first Italian title since 1990 at the end of this season. He was quick to play down the speculation over his future when quizzed on the prospect of a move back in December, but only time will tell if his mind will eventually change in the event of any formal approaches over the coming months."There are a lot of transfer stories around me, but I’ve only been at Napoli for six months," he told You Quiz on the Block. "I’ve avoided interviews, and one of the reasons is that the rumours about me disturb me." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day-by-day updates and a free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year - the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed… and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.