Meghan Markle, Prince Harry and Prince Andrew will not be the only royals hit by King Charles's modernising plans, a royal expert has said. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were evicted from Frogmore Cottage in January. The Duke of York is also reportedly included in the shake-up, with the King believed to have offered him the Sussexes' Frogmore Cottage in exchange for his much larger Royal Lodge home. Prince Andrew however is not happy about the proposal, with royal experts suggesting he is downright "insulted" by the King's offer. Royal author Christopher Andersen said: "It doesn't surprise me at all that Andrew would be reluctant to move out of his baronial digs at Royal Lodge and into much more modest quarters at Frogmore Cottage. "His late mother Queen Elizabeth II doted on Andrew and indulged his every lavish whim. Unfortunately for the Duke of York, there's a new sheriff in town." READ THE LATEST ROYAL NEWS IN EXPRESS.CO.UK'S LIVE BLOG The Duke's move to Frogmore Cottage is also believed to come with a £300,000 cut in his annual allowance from April. The reduction would leave Andrew unable to afford the maintenance of Royal Lodge. As Meghan and Harry have scarcely used Frogmore since stepping down from their roles, the five-bedroom cottage would be a potential alternative home for Andrew. Andersen noted the swift cuts could leave other royals on the line as the King appears to be delivering on his plan to slim down the monarchy. READ MORE: Two Royal Family members 'appalled' by Charles's decision to evict Harry and Meghan  He told Fox News Digital: "Right now Charles is making good on his promise to streamline the monarchy by cutting expenses. "I’m sure Andrew will not be the only member of the Royal Family whose belt will be tightened by the new monarch." The King already targeted the York household with his cut plans when he was still the Prince of Wales. In 2011, Charles pushed for his nieces, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, to be stripped of their royal security over a £500,000 cost row. DON'T MISS:Kate and William wise to Harry and Meghan's 'mission of destruction' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry tipped to make dramatic UK return for King's Coronation [DETAILS]Coronation chair gets a revamp as hidden detail shows past [PICTURES] The Duke of York fought fiercely against the removal of the detail but his efforts were rebuked as it was pointed out that Princess Anne's daughter, Zara Tindall, did not have a taxpayers-paid security team despite her higher profile. Last month, it was reported Royal Family members had been warned to expect less money from the Duchy of Lancaster, which the King now owns and is estimated to be worth a hefty £669 million ($800 million). His Majesty is expected to turn several of the properties the family owns but does not use as much into museums for at least part of the year. Insiders have suggested Balmoral Castle, the family's Scottish retreat, could be opened up to host an exhibition paying tribute to the late Queen's 70 years on the throne. His private Birkhall residence, which stands seven miles from Balmoral, could also be opened up to the public. The King also signalled he might not move to Buckingham Palace in favour of staying at Clarence House, his home since 2002. The London residence would instead remain open as a museum and serve to host foreign visitors and to hold investitures. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews