1000lb Sisters star Tammy is reportedly growing increasingly "frustrated" with sister Amy after she moved into her two-bedroom home, along with her young sons Gage and Glenn, following the alleged breakdown of her marriage. She is thought to be annoyed at "raising the kids" herself. Tammy is said to feel like Amy is "overstaying her welcome" despite reportedly being "happy to help" her sibling during this tough period. The TLC siblings are said to have moved in together when Amy left her family home after "splitting" from Michael after four years of marriage. Sources claim Tammy is "feeling frustrated" with Amy, her two-year-old son Gage and her eight-month-old baby Glenn. She should be enjoying life with her new husband Caleb Willingham, but since stepped in to offer Amy a place to crash after the reported breakup. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks "Tammy is feeling frustrated with Amy being over at her home with the kids frequently," the insider told The U.S. Sun. They added: "Tammy is happy to help Amy, but feels like she is raising two kids since they're around her home all of the time." It comes after news that Amy has reportedly been "struggling emotionally" after moving in with Tammy. She left the couple's three-bedroom home in Kentucky and is trying to look after the youngsters "on her own". Amy is receiving support from her sister but is caring for Gage and Glenn "without help from Michael". She has been "feeling overwhelmed" and is becoming "frustrated" after the couple quietly split after five years of marriage, another source tells the outlet. "Amy says Michael is lazy and has been jealous of her attention toward the kids," a source has previously told the outlet. The insider claimed: "They've been having trouble since last year." Don't miss... Gary Lineker's 'insulting' Nazi remark ripped apart by Angela Rippon [LATEST] My 600lb Life star unrecognisable after 300lb weight loss  [LATEST] Sister Wives' Janelle Brown flaunts 100lb weight loss transformation [LATEST] Sources claim arguments started when Amy wanted kids Gage and Glenn to continue starring in the popular TLC reality programme. But Michael "doesn't want his sons to be on camera at all," they told the outlet. "Amy and Michael have been secretly arguing since October over the issue, among other topics," they claimed following the split. The couple has reportedly not yet filed for divorce in the state of Kentucky. Express.co.uk has contacted Tammy and Amy's representatives for comment. Michael has made regular appearances on 1000lb Sisters and has been in a relationship with Amy for several years. They originally met in high school and were married on March 15, 2019, in Nashville, Tennessee. Their first child, Gage, was born in November 2020, just months after Amy’s gastric band surgery to reduce her weight. Amy and Michael welcomed baby Glenn in July last year, and season four has revealed how the pregnancy has challenged her weight loss goals. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.