Jean Johansson showed the couple five properties which best suited their requirements but didn't expect the moment they made an offer on one of the buildings to be so emotional. Rick and Inge were impressed by all of the homes but the final property was their dream home, and they put in a rather risky offer. Rick and Inge explained they wanted a home with a "man cave", it must be detached, have plenty of outdoor space. The pair had a budget of £260,000 the first property was just over budget by £2,000. The first home was three bedrooms, had a pool and artist's studio. The pair were bowled over by the property but continued with their search. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air When they arrived at the final home, Jean said: "I think this could possibly beat the others." They looked around the three-bedroom home, which had sea views, a large garden and roof terrace. Rick and Inge said the property was "just the right size" and while it was spacious, it was also "cosy". It also wasn't too far out of their budget either at £282,000. The pair went back and forth trying to decide if they would make an offer. After much deliberation, they decided to put in a risky offer of £272,000, which they admitted was a bit lower than the owner wanted. Jean passed on their offer and waited to hear back from the agent. Keeping Rick and Inge on tenterhooks, Jean looked concerned as she listened to what the vendor had to say. DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun's Danni Menzies' ‘heartbreak’ at co-star's illness [EXCLUSIVE]Lucy Alexander addresses A Place In The Sun concerns after leaving BBC [EXCLUSIVE]A Place In The Sun's Jasmine Harman shares husband's devastating video [INSIGHT] She eventually put down the phone and told the couple: "Okay, I have some information for you. "The offer... has been accepted." Rick broke down in tears as he hugged Inge, overcome with emotion by the news. "Congratulations, you two have been such great company. I wish you the best of luck," Jean said. The emotional moment came days after another A Place in the Sun couple put in a very "cheeky" offer. Julie and Peter found a three-bedroom property in south west France, which they fell in love with. However, the couple put in a low offer of £150,000 despite it being on the market for £185,000. A Place in the Sun airs weekdays on Channel 4 at 4pm.