Sources close to the Home Secretary have confirmed that a plan is in place to move illegal migrants out of 4 and 5-star hotels around the UK and into "basic accommodation" in old army bases. The move comes after Suella Braverman revealed today the UK taxpayer is spending £6 million a day housing 165,000 illegal migrants in hotels. The issue is separate to the Illegal Migrants Bill which Ms Braverman unveiled today aimed at deporting people who come over on the small boats on the Channel illegally within 28 days of arrival. However, the UK is still processing the asylum claims of 165,000 others, including 45,000 who crossed the Channel last year, who are being housed in high class hotels in different parts of England. The Home Office requisitioning hotels has caused fury among Tory MPs who believe their constituencies are being targeted and has become a symbol of the failure of the government to end the migrant crisis. Moving illegal migrants from luxury hotels to more "basic accommodation" is seen as a move in showing that the UK is "not a soft touch." Immigration Minister Robert Jenrick is said to be organising the new accommodation for existing migrants in hotels. One Tory MP in the know said: "It won’t be as secure detention as the new people but basic and cheap." The MP who has been dealing with a hotel that the Home Office has tried to requisition in his constituency said that the different moves, including the Illegal Migrants Bill, announced today are "generally good". It reflects growing optimism among Conservative MPs that ministers may at last be making headway on the crisis after more than three years of trying. Don't miss... Sunak warned small boats Bill is doomed to failure because of the ECHR [REVEAL] Braverman faces battle with lawyers eyeing loophole in migrant plan [INSIGHT] POLL: Is Boris Johnson right to put his father forward for knighthood? [REACT] A source close to Ms Braverman confirmed the plan is being pushed ahead. Meanwhile, Dudley North MP Marco Longhi described the housing of 165,000 illegal migrants as a scandal when the UK already has a homelessness, rough sleeper crisis. He said: "Here’s a question: how can it be remotely acceptable to have a single rough sleeper anywhere in the country when we can house 165k at taxpayers’ expense?" Mr Longhi successfully lobbied against a hotel being used in his constituency which was within yards of an area which had seen far right riots. But hotels with migrants in have already become the focus of demonstrations by local residents and other protesters angry about thousands of illegal migrants being pushed into their communities. The move by the government is an attempt to defuse anger and appease Tory MPs who believe that the migrant hotels could cost them their seats.