The seven-year-old son of a firefighter has died following a house fire at their family home earlier this week. Ezra Stewart was pronounced dead at 6.25pm on Wednesday, a day after he was brought into hospital with smoke inhalation.   His mother and three siblings were injured during the blaze which engulfed a property in Chicago's Northwest Side on Thursday night. Ezra's father was on-duty as a Chicago firefighter as the fire raged through the building at around 9pm in the 2500-block of North Rutherford Avenue. He was diverted to his home after hearing there was a call out and even performed CPR on his 34-year-old wife. The firefighter was not initially in attendance at the scene but was driven to the location by a department member after he heard his address come over the scanner. JUST IN: Chinese rocket carrying three spy satellites into space implodes over US The mother and her children were taken from their bedrooms and hospitalised in critical condition from the smoke inhalation, authorities said. Local residents were "shocked" by the blaze, with neighbour Mildred Bran saying: "There was so many firefighters leaving, so many police." She added: "It's crazy. It hits so close to home, right across the street." John Marlovitz, another local resident, claimed: "'I heard a pop, looked out my dining room window, and I see flames coming out of the kitchen window.  "Promptly called the fire department and they were here very quickly. They broke down the front door." Photos and video from the scene showed a fire truck parked on a residential street. More than a dozen fire and police responders also gathered in front of the home. The cause of the blaze is currently being investigated by Chicago's fire department. DON'T MISS: Senator Mulling fumes with Teamsters chief O'Brien in fiery clash [LATEST] Mother, 31, grins during arrest after abandoning kids for two months [REVEALED] Trump praises Carlson as texts show Fox host ‘passionately hates' him [INSIGHT] A spokesperson for Chicago Fire Department told PEOPLE: "Preliminary reports indicate that the fire began in the kitchen." They added: "At this point, all of our prayers are with our member." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews