WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Unforgotten Unforgotten returned to screens recently with Irish actress Sinéad Keenan taking on the role of lead detective Jessica James, replacing Nicola Walker’s Cassie Stuart in the ITV series. Jessie was revealed to have a tricky personal life after her husband Steve James (played by Andrew Lancel) was revealed to be having an affair. The police officer was left in free fall with the news her marriage was over leaving her absolutely devastated. She considered having to give up her job for something more nine to five to fit around her kids as she would have to juggle childcare as a single parent. Her mother Kate (Kate Robbins) offered her support as they discussed what had happened with Steve. Many viewers watching the show are keen to know more about actor Lancel, who will be in two episodes of Unforgotten. The actor is likely to become a firm part of Unforgotten as Jessie’s husband with the couple having a tumultuous relationship. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Lancel is married to dancer Louise Edge with the couple tying the knot in 2005. The couple have two children together - son Isaac who was born in 2007 and daughter Freya. Lancel and Edge live in Liverpool. Edge has a dance and fitness centre in Liverpool, which according to Instagram is for children of all ages. Not much else is known about the couple, who generally keep out of the spotlight. READ MORE: Unforgotten season 5 featured a major twist in the finale Lancel is both a musician and an actor, who started off his career in local theatre and working as a cabaret singer. His first big breakout role came in 1994 in Cardiac Arrest opposite Cold Feet’s Helen Baxendale. He also starred in Soldier Solider, Go Back Out and the groundbreaking Queer as Folk. The actor also featured in The Bill as DI Neil Manson and appeared in the series between 1995 and 2010. READ MORE: Unforgotten season 5 welcomes Kate Robbins to the cast One of his other big roles was Ian Callaghan in the TV series Liverpool 1. The star also portrayed Frank Foster in Coronation Street between 2011 and 2012. Some of Lancel’s more recent roles have included Marcella, short film Viking, Barred, The Thief, His Wife and the Canoe. According to IMDb, he will next appear in Bolan’s Shoes which has been completed and Wings which is in production. Don't miss... Vernon Kay snub as 90% say they won't tune in without Ken Bruce [LATEST] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [COMMENT] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [VIDEO] Speaking about the show actress Keenan said of her character: “Jess is the new DCI. “She was a fast-tracked cop, one of these ones who have a degree and can skip a few levels. “She is very good at her job, very ambitious, and has a promotion. She’s got a husband, two children, perfect life. “And then she starts this new job, and on the first day she gets some news on the way to work that completely blindsides her that has implications in terms of how she is at her job. So that’s simmering in the background.” Unforgotten season 5 airs on ITV1 on Mondays at 9pm and is streaming as a boxset on ITVX now