Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah all struck braces and Roberto Firmino added the icing on the cake as Liverpool thrashed Manchester United 7-0 at Anfield. Express Sport discusses the talking points from Anfield. Gakpo haunts United Was it always going to happen? Probably so. It's well documented that Cody Gakpo was on Manchester United's radar but the club failed to beat Liverpool to the transfer. The Reds lurked in the shadows before pulling off an unexpected January swoop for an initial £37million and his goal here against United will have felt like it was worth every penny. The Dutchman cut inside his marker and thumped the ball home into the far corner to send Anfield into raptures. Gakpo has made huge strides in recent weeks and this was further clarification that he was a top signing for Jurgen Klopp, even if midfielders perhaps should have been of greater priority. Erik ten Hag tried his best to sign Gakpo - even speaking with him to try and entice him into the move - but United failed to agree a fee with PSV Eindhoven. The decision inevitably came back to haunt them when he struck his brilliant opener and although United are well equipped in attack, it's hard to against Gakpo being a top talent that will only get better at just 23 years old. Ten Hag wanted the player but for whatever reason, the club failed to deliver on this occasion. Spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumes Manchester United totally lost their heads in the second half and although the goals were a catalyst, there was one particular moment that started the frenzy. Lisandro Martinez was infuriated with his team and he took his frustrations out on the brilliant Cody Gakpo, booting through the back of him and conceding a foul. The Argentine - nicknamed The Butcher - then turned his back in fury and he wasn't even prepared to face the referee as he received his yellow card. His spiteful tackle spoke volumes - there was simply nothing United could do to get near Liverpool. No matter what United did, they were second best and they ended up embarrassing themselves with petulance as the likes of Luke Shaw and Scott McTominay made needless angry fouls. Martinez showed fight and it's the first time we've truly seen him lose his cool without channeling his aggression in the right way. The Anfield crowd was booming as United were simply crushed. All the Red Devils could do was hack Liverpool in frustration but it simply got them nowhere besides showing themselves up. Fernandes embarrasses himself Bruno Fernandes was supposed to be Manchester United's captain today but that was a shambolic showing from the so-called skipper. He dived in an attempt to win a penalty before throwing himself to the ground following a faint touch from Ibrahima Konate's flailing arm. Remarkably, he seemingly even turned to the bench in hope he would be subbed as Liverpool inflicted more misery on United. Gary Neville was in disbelief with Fernandes and laid into the Portuguese attacking midfielder for the way he conducted himself at Anfield. He was a laughing stock on this occasion and if he considered to be one of United's leading figures, he needs to look closer to home. His performance wasn't acceptable by any stretch. Klopp gets Elliott call right Harvey Elliott still has so much to improve but on this occasion, Jurgen Klopp got his team selection right when selecting the young attacking midfielder. Elliott did misplace several passes in the first half but he was key in linking the play between Liverpool's backline and attack. He picked up an excellent assist as Darwin Nunez headed home a crucial second for the Reds and you could see what it did for his confidence. There is no doubting Elliott's talent but he sometimes lacks the self-belief to maximise his ability - which can actually be a major asset for Liverpool when in full effect.