MPs have just voted to progress the Government's flagship Illegal Migrant Bill onto the next stage in Parliament. Despite talk of a Tory rebellion, the bill passed its second reading in the Commons by 312 votes to 250. No Tory MPs voted against the Bill, however 43 failed to vote for it. The Commons spent the afternoon fiercely debating the legislation, with Suella Braverman declaring she would not be "not be hectored by out of touch lefties”, who believe that because she is not white she should support the small boat crossings. Green Party MP Caroline Lucas protested the Bill by tearing it up during her speech. Among those Tory MPs who refused to vote for the bill were Theresa May, Caroline Nokes and Chris Skidmore, all of whom said today they would be unable to support it. Right-wing Conservative MPs like Boris Johnson and Priti Patel were also listed as not having voted, though it's likely they were given permission by the party whips. Earlier today a Number 10 source told The Daily Express the government wasn't treating the vote as a confidence vote, so those MPs who refused to back it on a point of principle didn't risk being sacked from the party's ranks. In response, a Tory MP said this showed Number 10 is "weak, and weakness will be what brings down the government". READ MORE: Sunak faces major test tonight in crunch Immigration Bill vote Prior to passing the bill, MPs rejected the Labour Party amendment, which argued that the Bill lacked "any effective measures to tackle the criminal activity of people smuggler gangs". After passing this crucial Commons hurdle, the Illegal Migrant Bill will now progress to Committee stage, where it will be scrutinised line-by-line and amendments proposed. After that, there will be a final vote on the Bill in the Commons before it heads to the House of Lords. Another MP told The Daily Express they believed any Tory rebels should lose the whip. "This is such an important issue and such a key pledge that if they rebel against the government I'm not sure how they can even campaign for the Conservative Party at the next election." Tory MP and Chairman of the Blue Collar Conservatism group Brendan Clarke-Smith wrote on Facebook that "Maybe those opposed to this Bill should offer to house them instead whilst their claims are processed?" Chris Skidmore MP however said he could not back the legislation as he was "not prepared to break international law or the human rights conventions that the UK has had a proud history of playing a leading role in establishing." During today's debate Suella Braverman pointed out that both previous Labour and Lib Dem bills have used the same legal techniques as her bill, which signals that while the Government cannot guarantee the legislation is compatible with the European Convention on Human Rights, there's a strong case that is it.