People in debt are being encouraged to get help as soon as possible as they could earn a “financial gain” of £4,200. Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS) is sharing how people can improve their financial situation despite dealing with the rise in the cost of living. New research from CAS has found that hundreds of thousands of adults in Scotland expect to enter debt or see existing debt get worse, in light of the financial crisis. Analysis of YouGov polling highlighted that an estimated 460,000 people are expected to go into debt in the near future. Furthermore, an additional 644,000 households are preparing for an increase in their already existing debt repayments. The charity is warning the cost of living crisis is exacerbating peoples’ financial issues and pushing them into arrears. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance In response, CASH has launched ‘Debt Happens’, a campaign to entice people into reaching out for financial help and guidance. Myles Fitt, the charity’s financial health spokesperson, emphasised why households in debt must be proactive in remedying their situation. He explained: “We have seen the worst cost of living crisis in living memory with soaring energy bills, prices rising in the shops with inflation and higher interest rates. “As a result of that, lots of people will have had no choice but to go into debt to pay for everyday essentials. “That is nothing to be ashamed of, there shouldn’t be a stigma attached to debt, but if you are worried about money then seek advice from the Citizens Advice network as soon as possible.” The finance expert broke down how much people can save on average if they choose to seek help with their debt issues. Mr Fitt added: “The network can provide specialist debt advice which can perhaps restructure or reduce your repayments, and advisers can also look at ways to maximise your income. “It is easy to be cynical and think there is no help out there for you, but one in six people who sought advice last year from the Citizens Advice network saw a financial gain, the average value of which was over £4,200. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “The most important thing is to not put things off, and let money and debt worries build up until they are overwhelming.” Residents in Scotland can find advice on issues relating to debt by visiting CAS’ website which has guidance available. Households in the rest of the UK will be able to access similar guidance by logging onto the Citizens Advice website. In the last year, debt repayments have increased as a consequence of consecutive interest rate hikes.  To try to ease inflation in the wider economy, the Bank of England (Monetary Policy Committee) has opted the raise the nation’s base rate. This has been carried out 10 times in a row and the base rate is currently at four percent. While it's been some good news for savers, mortgage and debt repayments have skyrocketed in the last 12 months due to the increase in rates. With inflation still exceeding 10 percent, further interest rate rises are likely which could see debt repayments go up even further.