Creamfields is back, and it's bigger than ever. But this time, it's been split into two massive events: Creamfields North and Creamfields South. The line-up for Creamfields North was recently announced, boasting such incredible names as Calvin Harris, Eric Prydz, and Fatboy Slim to name just a few. Taking place in Cheshire, on the August Bank Holiday Weekend (from 27th), Creamfields North continues the long-standing tradition of the massive dance event, that boasts over 300 artists across 30 stages and tents. Across four days, the incredible camping experience is back after being held around the world since 1999. Tickets for the enormous festival are available now, but you can secure your last-minute spot now by grabbing one of the few remaining tickets going. Looking for details on Creamfields South? Click here to see everything you need, buy tickets, and plan your journey. Creamfields North tickets are out now, and are available from a number of ticketing retailers. Although a lot of the ticket options are already sold out, Ticketmaster is perhaps punters' best bet to grab the last remaining few floating around. At the time of writing, there are only a few options remaining for Creamfields North hopeful attendees. Included in this list are tickets for four-day camping experiences, which gives festival goers the chance to stay at Creamfields North all weekend. There are also three-day camping tickets available, allowing punters to get in and get out as the music begins and ends across the weekend. Finally, there are two different single-day tickets available - Friday tickets and Sunday tickets - however, these are "Gold" tickets only, so they may be a little more expensive. These gold tickets allow access to the gold campsite, access to toilets, the hospitality arena, and other bonuses. Here's a list of available tickets left over: Four-Day Gold Camping (Thursday - Sunday) Three-Day Gold Camping (Friday - Sunday) Four-Day Gold Camping - with Deposit (Thursday - Sunday) Three-Day Gold Camping - with Deposit (Friday - Sunday) Friday (25th August) Gold Day Ticket Sunday (27th August) Gold Day Ticket Creamfields North kicks off on Thursday, August 24, 2023, and runs through the Bank Holiday Weekend to Sunday, August 27, 2023. This four-day event has dozens of hours of live music in Chesire across a number of stages, and will no doubt be one of the liveliest and most exciting weekends of the year. Although the demand has been extremely high this year, Creamfields North still has a number of tickets available now - get yours while you still can. Creamfields North takes place just a few months after Creamfields South, which is happening on the May Bank Holiday Weekend from Friday, May 26, 2023 to Sunday, May 28, 2023. Creamfields North is taking place at Daresbury in Chesire, UK. This enormous outdoor event will feature DJs and musical artists dotted around the massive 25,000 capacity location, celebrating only the best in dance and electronic music. Across the weekend, there will be a reported 70,000 ticket holders enjoying the music of Creamfields North, continuing the tradition of the eventful weekend that began back in 1999. Tickets for Creamfields North are still available now, and you can get yours by clicking here. Creamfields North is being visited by a massive number of prestigious artists from around the world. Eric Prydz, Calvin Harris, deadmau5, Swedish House Mafia and Pete Tong are just a few of the exceptional musicians hitting the stage around the festival. This year, some of the highlights include Andy C, Nina Kraviz, Peggy Gou and Tiesto. And there's still a chance to grab tickets before they run out. You can see a full list of the Creamfields North line-up can be found below.