TUI has launched what it promises is its “biggest ever” winter flight programme with 150,000 additional seats added to popular sunshine hotspots including Egypt, Cape Verde, Morocco and Tunisia. To top it off, the airline and package holiday provider has nine new flights to destinations flying from popular UK airports including Birmingham, Manchester and Newcastle. The boost in winter sun holiday options is just one of TUI’s best deals for 2023 and 2024, which the travel provider says is a direct response to growing demand.  Holidaymakers looking for a purse-friendly escape can enjoy all-inclusive breaks for as little as £370 on select dates and destinations. Express.co.uk has searched TUI's winter offering to find some of the best budget-friendly deals available. From Birmingham, a new flight to Boa Vista, Cape Verde has been added as well as to Sid, Cape Verde. New weekly flights to Sid are also on offer from Glasgow and East Midlands airports. Cape Verde has grown in popularity for British sun seekers since TUI launched the route in 2005, and now with a further 45,000 seats added for this winter, customers can take advantage of the long sandy beaches, perfect temperatures and cultural spots off the west coast of Africa. TUI is adding a third weekly flight to Boa Vista from Birmingham, as well as weekly UK departures to Sal from Newcastle, Glasgow and East Midlands airport. READ MORE: Best TUI deals March 2023 Those looking to jet off to the Egyptian seaside resort of Sharm El Sheikh have even more options with new weekly flights added from Manchester, London Gatwick and Newcastle. The additional flights are hot on the heels of the 80,000 new seats across two weekly flights from London Gatwick to Marsa Alam, one of the newest winter destinations to be added to TUI’s catalogue. Don't miss... US expat explains what the UK does better than the USA [INSIGHT] Passengers should 'leave jewellery at home' to 'save hundreds'  [EXPLAINER] ‘Beautiful’ British beach is loved by the Royal Family [INSIGHT] Promising all-inclusive resorts and stunning ocean views, Tunisia is another sunshine hotspot where tourists have flocked to escape the cold winter months. TUI currently operates direct flights to Enfidha from London Gatwick. When 2024 rolls around, TUI plans to further bolster its offering with brand new flights, offering 15,000 additional seats to Enfidha from Bristol, Gatwick, Manchester and Birmingham, starting from Easter. Morocco remains a popular winter sunshine haunt, with average temperatures in December sitting at a pleasant average high of 25C. TUI already offers hundreds of flights and package holidays from UK airports, including London Gatwick, Birmingham and Manchester. Looking further into the future, TUI is set to launch additional flights from Easter 2024 to provide 10- and 11-night durations to Agadir from Birmingham, and to Marrakesh from Birmingham and Bristol, both starting from Easter 2024.