A highly contagious bacterial infection is spreading across the US as health officials warn that it doesn't respond to antibiotics that are typically used to treat it. A "serious public health" warning has been issued in the country. The Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued a "serious" alert about the bug, which is called shigellosis. Health officials say that the stomach bug, which is highly contagious, is caused by shigella bacteria that attacks the intestines and causes inflammation. Other symptoms include bloody diarrhoea, fever and stomach cramps, according to the CDC. It can also result in life-threatening blood infections in some rare cases.   The government agency warned that certain groups are more at risk of contracting the infection. Health professionals “should understand the nuances of testing and managing infections, especially when treating patients from populations at increased risk of drug-resistant shigellosis including young children; gay, bisexual, and other men who have sex with men; people experiencing homelessness; international travellers; and people living with HIV,” according to the new research. Young children under five years old and people who have recently travelled to countries with unsanitary water and food are at a higher risk of getting shigellosis. There are very few treatments available for the "drug-resistant" infection but in some milder cases, adequate hydration is enough to treat it, the CDC says. READ MORE: 10 heart symptoms you should never ignore, according to a doctor The agency said: "Shigella bacteria are transmitted by the faecal-oral route, directly through person-to-person contact including sexual contact, and indirectly through contaminated food, water, and other routes. "Shigella bacteria are easily transmitted because of the low infectious dose (as few as 10–100 organisms), and outbreaks tend to occur among people in close-contact settings.” There are believed to be around 450,000 shigellosis infections every year in the US, costing the population around $93 million in medical costs. The CDC said: "XDR shigellosis is resistant to all generally recommended antibiotics in the United States, making it difficult to treat. "Given these potentially serious public health concerns, CDC asks healthcare professionals to be vigilant about suspecting and reporting cases of XDR shigella infection to their local or state health department and educating patients and communities at increased risk about prevention and transmission" The CDC advise people with suspected or confirmed shigellosis to stay home from school, health care facilities, food services or child-care jobs. They also say to wash hands often, avoid preparing food, stay out of recreational water facilities and abstain from having sex. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews