Jeremy Hunt is facing a stark warning against removing the pensions' triple lock guarantee in his budget next week, with a new poll showing that a majority of people would be against such a move. A poll conducted by Techne UK for the Daily Express asked: "Should the Chancellor preserve the pension triple lock guarantee in his budget?" A massive 64 percent of people said yes, while 25 percent of people said no. Some 11 percent of people said they don't know. The triple-lock promises state pensions will rise by at least the rate of inflation, earnings growth, or 2.5 percent every year. But the policy has come under fire, with a report from the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) - published last month - warning that guaranteeing a decent annual rise will take an ever-increasing amount of our national income. The IFS report said the triple lock is "not sustainable", adding: "It is possible that the population currently of working age will not all end up benefiting in full from the same generosity." The Chancellor will unveil his budget on Wednesday, but there are fears of further cuts to Government spending amid a difficult economic climate. The triple lock was suspended during the pandemic, but it is being brought back from April 2023. When the policy returns, the increase to the state pension will be 10.1 percent in line with September 2022’s CPI inflation figure. Don't miss... Lineker mocked by Tory MPs after being 'shown the red card' by BBC [REVEAL] James Cleverly slams use of ex-RAF base to house migrants [REACTION] Britain to supply Australia with nuclear submarines as part of US deal [LATEST] This is the largest ever increase to the state pension, lifting the maximum new pension by almost £1,000, from today’s £9,627.80 a year to £10,600.20. The new state pension is paid to those who retired from April 6, 2016. Older pensioners continue to receive the basic state pension. Despite the reinstatement of the triple lock, there are concerns that the Government could scrap the triple lock as a result of the tough economic climate. Defending the triple lock at the time of the IFS report, Dennis Reed, of the Silver Voices charity, said: "Older people have paid in all of their working lives and there is plenty of money in the National Insurance fund to cover the cost. Young people will benefit when they retire as well." Caroline Abrahams, of Age UK, said: "It would be wonderful if there was no longer any need for a triple-lock. On average the state pension is still only worth about £10,000 a year, one of the lowest in the developed world." Meanwhile, Life peer George Foulkes, who co-chairs Parliament’s ageing and older people group, said: "There appears to be a new co-ordinated campaign to undermine the triple-lock. "It pretends to be in support of poor families but is fuelling an inter-generational battle. The poorest pensioners would sink further into poverty if this nasty campaign succeeds."