Antiques Roadshow and Bargain Hunt fans are in for a treat as a brand-new antiques series is arriving. Yorkshire Auction House sees expert Angus Ashworth and his team puts items under the hammer and turn household clutter into serious profit. Angus spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about an unusual collection worth a fortune. Angus is on an uplifting mission to help people clear their homes of trinkets and treasures they may never have known existed. Back at his saleroom in the North York Moors, he puts them under his gavel, turning family heirlooms into life-changing sums of money. Whether downsizing, emigrating or inheriting, Angus and his team hear some of the most heartfelt human stories behind the clearances and the objects they find. In one episode, in Glasgow, a bereaved sibling calls in the team to help clear the garage of her late brother's collections. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' He was an avid collector of watches, toys, and cigarette lighters. When Angus discovers there are more than 4,000 lighters to catalogue and sell, he knows he has a huge challenge on his hands. Angus told Express.co.uk: "Rather than an individual item, what struck me is we had a lot of collections that went on to make a lot of money. "In episode three a lady had lost her bother and in the garage, there were boxes of cigarette lighters, thousands of them.  "I don't think she had ever thought about the value, some were £100, £200 each. "There's something special about someone who has spent a lifetime putting a collection together. There were about 200 lots there were a few thousand lighters. "We had to get every one out go through them, sort them into groups, some were worth £20 each there were rarer ones. "We had to catalogue them all and research them, we had all sorts of lighter collectors who came who had been looking for a certain pattern for years. DON'T MISS... Endeavour's DS Jakes return as fans fear Joan Thursday will dieAntiques Road Trip expert triples her money with 'most gruesome buy'Antiques Road Trip expert gobsmacked by £20 item's staggering profit "We had a box of half a dozen making £500 or £600 a pop. That's the fascinating thing about my job. "It's not always what people expect, we handle all sorts and you are always seeing different items. "One week you will be selling lighters, then it's a victorian stamp collection and that's where you get the adrenaline rush from. "You had 50 boxes full of lighters and you just wouldn't have thought that was behind the door... it was quite quirky." The family came away with £19,500 for all of the items which also included watches, vintage toys, and the lighters. In another episode, Angus and his team discover a unique moth collection which had one of the biggest valuations the show has seen. Angus explained of the episode: "He was a moth counter, he used to go out with his late wife and officially count moths and monitor moth numbers. "He had a huge collection of cabinets of moths, it was quite incredible. "You'd never have thought there were that many different species all from Yorkshire, he had all these different specimens, there was a lot of local history and natural history." Brand new The Yorkshire Auction House premieres 9pm, Monday, March 6 on Really and will also be available to stream on discovery+.