A man has had his face crushed after crashing into a horse that fled its farm and got onto the motorway. Ian Tilston was driving from his home in Hawarden, North Wales, to Nantwich on the M56, when a horse that had just been hit by another vehicle crashed into the front of his car. The impact of the collision was so strong it crushed his car and the 34-year-old's face. The driver was rushed to Salford Royal Hospital where he underwent a life-saving brain surgery before several other procedures, including one involving reconstructing his face. His family said they could only recognise Ian by "his nose". More than a year after the accident on January 10, 2022, Ian’s brother Adam told the Liverpool ECHO doctors put Ian in an "induced coma for a few weeks" and "rebuilt his face". He explained: "He had a number of surgeries and they even rebuilt his face. His entire face was crushed in the crash and he had to have a piece of his skull removed for surgery." READ MORE: Family despair as man crushed by a horse in a freak car accident Adam continued: "He looked an absolute mess after the accident and we only knew it was him through his nose. Police at the time said it was a freak accident and the fences were in fine condition but horses had since escaped." Ian lost his vision and ability to walk after the accident, meaning he needs constant care. After a year at the Walton Centre, Ian can now speak and partially move his right arm, his brother added. The 34-year-old has been through rehabilitation at Walton Centre, a leader in the treatment and care of neurology and neurosurgery in Liverpool. After one year of rehabilitation, the hospital now believes the best course of action is to release Ian and accommodate him in his mother's home, which his family wishes to renovate to fit his needs. DON'T MISS:Michael Schumacher health - All we know after Eddie Jordan update [REPORT] Horror as boy, 17, shoots his own 15-year-old brother in the head [REPORT] Dan Walker shows off healed face as he steps out after accident [REPORT] Adam said: "We just want to get something in place for him. Police at the time said it was a freak accident and the fences were in fine condition but horses had since escaped. While Ian has made significant progress since the accident, he still struggles with cognition and occasionally believes the year is 2010. The family have set up a GoFundMe to raise £10,000 to pay for the repairs to be done at Adam and Ian's mother's house so that Ian can be released from The Walton Center. READ NEXT:Dan Walker details last thing he remembers before horror accidentSinger Kelis, 43, and her children 'almost fell off a cliff' Alex Beresford recovers from 'surgery' after earpiece got stuckLong A&E delays killed 23,000 people last year Sally Nugent's 'very long' email to ex co-star Dan Walker after crash