Kylian Mbappe has insisted his full focus remains on the task at hand at PSG despite the Parisian’s disappointing Champions League exit to Bayern Munich in the round of 16 - although he did hint he would be open to a move in the summer. The 24-year-old has been linked with a switch to Real Madrid in the past and some prominent parts of the Spanish press are already calling on him to come to the Bernabeu. Mbappe signed a bumper new contract with PSG last May with the deal reportedly making him the highest-paid player in world football and running until 2025. However, it has done little to prevent speculation regarding his future, something which is only likely to intensify after the club were once again knocked out of the Champions League early doors. Mbappe has now broken silence on his future after insisting his full focus remains on winning Ligue 1 with PSG this season. However, he did leave the door ajar for a potential exit with a cryptic ‘we’ll see’ comment when asked about what the future will hold. Speaking to reporters after the match, Mbappe said: "Am I thinking about my future? No, no, I'm calm. The only thing that matters to me this season is winning the championship. Afterwards, we'll see." Read more... Kylian Mbappe and mum at loggerheads over next club after meeting [GOSSIP] Swathes of the Spanish press have already called on Mbappe to come to Real Madrid, including Marca, who splashed a picture of him on their front page. The headline reads: "If you want to win the Champions League, you already know..." in a clear message to the Frenchman given Los Blancos' recent success in the competition. Defensa Central also offered their judgement, suggesting the La Liga giants would have watched the game closely. A passage from the publication read: "Real Madrid did not take their eyes off the Champions League match between Bayern and PSG because of the important relationship between it and the future of Mbappé, still linked one way or another to the White House”. Don't miss... Messi may have played last Champions League game in good Ronaldo news [LATEST] Chelsea one of five clubs who could sign Neymar on the cheap [COMMENT] Lionel Messi centre of Inter Miami row after Phil Neville comments [NEWS] It remains to be seen how long Mbappe will remain at PSG but the club are unlikely to be willing to let him go easily, meaning it could be another few years before there is even a chance of him ending up in Madrid. Mbappe also stressed before the game that he would not allow the result to dictate his future just days after becoming PSG’s record goalscorer. "Whether this game will affect my future? I don't think so,” he said. “If I tied my future to the Champions League, and I have no disrespect to the club, I would have gone very far! (laughs). I'm here, I'm very happy and for the moment, I can't think of anything else but to make the good days of PSG”.