King Charles has paid tribute to his "beloved Mother" in his first Commonwealth Day message as sovereign. The King opened his speech with a touching celebration of the late Queen Elizabeth II and her unwavering commitment to the Commonwealth throughout her 70-year reign. Speaking from the Great Pulpit of Westminster Abbey, the King said: "Commonwealth Day was an occasion of particular pride for my beloved Mother, The late Queen — a treasured opportunity to celebrate our Commonwealth family, to whose service she dedicated her long and remarkable life. "In succeeding Her Majesty as Head of the Commonwealth, I draw great strength from her example, together with all that I have learnt from the extraordinary people I have my throughout the Commonwealth, over so many years. "The Commonwealth has been a constant in my own life, and yet its diversity continues to amaze and inspire me. Its near-boundless potential as a force for good in the world demands our highest ambition; its sheer scale challenges us to unite and be bold." Today's Commonwealth Day Service is the first since the Queen's death and marks the first time the King is leading the service as sovereign. Last year, he stepped in for Elizabeth II as the late monarch was unable to celebrate the day in person due to the episodic mobility issues which troubled her for several months before her death. The King left a personal mark on the proceedings, as he read his message from the Great Pulpit. In previous years, Queen Elizabeth II had her statement published on the order of the service and broadcast in its audio version. The King was joined by other senior members of the Royal Family for today's service, including his wife Camilla, who almost suffered a wardrobe mishap as the wind attempted to take her feather hat. She held onto the hat and rushed into the Abbey just moments after the couple arrived, leaving her husband King Charles to be greeted by members of the Ngati Ranana London Maori Club outside. Camilla wore a striking sapphire blue wool crepe dress and coat by Fiona Clare with a feathered beret by Philip Treacy. Other royals at the service include the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh and Princess Anne and her husband Sir Timothy Laurence.