Minou the cat has died at the age of 17, leaving Antiques Roadshow stars and viewers equally devastated. Minou won the hearts of BBC viewers, as he appeared in the opening credits of the show for years. The adorable cat, who was owned by antiques expert Marc Allum, is seen walking amongst vases and ornaments on a sideboard, before almost knocking one over. Marc’s pet cat had been named “Wiltshire's most famous feline” due to his antics at the start of each Antiques Roadshow episode. Minou had to be put to sleep by a vet on March 2 after suffering from a period of deteriorating health. Marc paid tribute to Minou on social media, sharing that his legacy will live on in the titles of Antiques Roadshow. READ MORE... Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria The antiques expert wrote alongside a photo of Minou: “For almost 17 years this beautiful creature has been a central part of our lives.  “Today we had to say goodbye to Minou.  "The pleasure he gave us is beyond measure. We will miss him soooo much but he will still pop up on your screens on the titles of @BBC_ARoadshow Such a star!"  Marc met Minou when he was a kitten in France, before rescuing the “one-in-a-million” cat. It wasn’t long before Marc was inundated with support over the sad news about Minou. He responded: "Lots of lovely memories of a wonderful cat. Sad, but it's a good sad." Antiques Road Trip and Bargain Hunt star Roo Irvine also paid tribute to Minou. She tweeted: "Oh my… I am so heartbroken to hear this…. beautiful little Minou…. an absolute star… Don't miss... Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [OPINION] Carol Vorderman divides fans with eye-catching outfit [PICS] Kate Garraway shares heartbreak as Derek ‘trapped in own body’ [LATEST] “I wish I had met her but I know she had the most loving life." Marc seemed grateful for Roo’s condolences, writing back: "Thanks Roo, such a special creature and I know how you feel about cats too. Warm regards to you, Marc." Twitter user Clare McLeod also sent a sweet message to Marc, which read: “Sorry to hear that Marc and as a cat lover I sympathise. A great picture of a very handsome cat.” Marc replied: “He was extremely bright. “He did what he liked really and we smiled as he did it….but he was always there butting his head against my chin.”  Another fan, Allison Carey, added: “Oh Marc, I'm so sorry.  “I loved seeing your photos and hearing little stories about Minou. Rest easy handsome boy.”  “Thanks Allison. He was one in a million,” the Antiques Roadshow star replied.