Richie Myler posted a black and white photo on Instagram with his girlfriend, Stephanie Thirkhill, as they posed in a romantic embrace. Stephanie wore a shirt draped around her shoulders as she showed a glimpse of her blossoming baby bump. Richie rested his forehead against Stephanie’s in the loved-up pregnancy photoshoot. In his caption, the rugby player, 32, simply included a red heart emoji. Back In January, he decided to set his account to private after receiving nasty comments from some followers. He typed: "I’ve decided to put my profile private from now on. READ MORE:Jonnie Irwin seen with Jasmine Harman for first time since cancer news “If you are on here to share my photos or stories of me and my life maliciously to other people or waste your time sending me abusive messages please just unfollow me," he shared in January. "I'm going to start removing people from my account one by one, so if you are a genuine rugby fan and I accidentally remove you I apologise in advance and will accept you back! Thank you Richie." Comments were limited on the post today so only friends could share their congratulatory messages to the pair. samjearnshaw remarked: “Beautiful photo.” mrcagau added: “Amazing.” Helen split from her husband Richie last April and spoke about how competing in Strictly Come Dancing was a great distraction for her. In a candid interview with The Telegraph, the Countryfile presenter shared: "I was talking to my best friend about it and I was like, 'I'm not sure, there's the kids and the press and it will be full-on'. "And she just went, 'You're going to get paid to dance around with a fit guy, people are going to put makeup on you, and you’ve got to work. It’s not real life, is it? Why wouldn’t you do it?'" Don't miss... Meghan and Harry are going to make 'grand decision' on Coronation [LATEST] Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [LATEST] Piers Morgan makes Man Utd promise as he doubles down on Arsenal view [LATEST] Then, for the sake of her family, Helen agreed. "I think it would have been disrespectful for me to have not done Strictly. “For my family, who need to see me have a great time," she added. "It's not just for me. When you've got kids, if they're happy, you're happy. My kid scored a hat-trick this week, and I was like, 'Oh my God!' "And then I thought, 'Oh, I do that to my mum and dad.' You don't get it until you've got your own kids, do you? It gives you a different perspective." Touching upon her heartache, Helen confessed she does not feel like "a victim" after her husband left the family home four months after they had welcomed their third child. "There's loads of stuff to ask me about that's really interesting, that's not, 'Ohhh, poor you.' “I don't see myself as a victim, no, because I mean, look… There are a lot of people who have been in my situation who haven't been given the opportunities that I've got." The mum-of-three did confess to having days "when I'm ***ed off". She noted: "But equally, in this job, you're in a lot of people’s lives, which gives you a phenomenal amount of perspective."