Arsenal sporting director Edu admits there is no talk of a title win behind closed doors at the club. The Brazilian has instead opened up on the messages Mikel Arteta is sending the players ahead of each game. Arsenal again extended their lead at the top of the Premier League table to five points on Sunday. The 3-0 win at Fulham was one of their most comprehensive victories of the season so far. The Cottagers were no match for Arteta's side in the first half as the visitors raced into a 3-0 lead. Arsenal can extend the gap to second-placed Manchester City to eight points this weekend, with their rivals not playing due to FA Cup action. Edu won two league titles as a player with Arsenal, including the club's last triumph in 2004. But he says there is no private talk of a title win this season and says Arteta is focused on ensuring his players improve every week.  Read more... Alan Shearer and Ian Wright will not be punished for MOTD boycott [NEWS] Edu told Sky Sports News: "Well we, to be fair, we internally never mention anything about a title, internally, really. We always talk about performing, how we can perform better every week. "Mikel is sending those messages to say 'guys we want to be better and better and better every week'. And then let's see how we're going to finish. "We cannot dream if you don't really live the moment that we are living right now. So let's do it the way we are doing at the moment and let's see at the end of the season where we're going to be."  Don't miss... Man Utd could sign 'best defender in the world' for just £43m [TRANSFERS] Football news LIVE: Man Utd make Casemiro decision, Liverpool eye star [BLOG] Arsenal may back themselves into a corner with Odegaard as duo eyed [COMMENT] Edu and Arteta both play a big part in the club's recruitment strategy. Edu is pleased with the recent business completed and is hoping for a positive end to the campaign. He added: "As I've always said, we have a lot of people working to help us, to help me and to help Mikel make the right decisions. When we go into the summer, when we go into the winter, we are really prepared to make those kinds of decisions. "So we are really happy with the players, we are really happy with the squad, with the staff, of course with the club at the moment. So let's enjoy it but also let's keep our feet on the floor because as I said there's still a lot to go on in the league. But we want to finish in the best way possible."  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE