Judy Murray has compared Rafael Nadal to her son as she discussed the Spaniard’s recent injury woes. The world No 9 has not played since injuring his leg at the Australian Open and has admitted that his comeback remains uncertain with no date in the diary. Judy Murray has now likened Nadal’s mentality to Andy Murray’s as she admitted there could be concerns over his body. Nadal has played just two tournaments this year, picking up a fresh injury during his Australian Open second-round loss to Mackenzie McDonald. The 36-year-old originally claimed that the injury had a six to eight-week recovery timeframe but has since cast doubts over when he will return to competition. The world No 9 pulled out of this month’s Masters 1000s in Indian Wells and Miami, and has since revealed that he “does not know” when he will mount a comeback despite starting to practice on the clay. And Judy Murray has now given her opinion on the Spaniard’s injury woes, claiming that she doesn’t doubt his motivation but could be concerned over his body. “I’ve known Rafa since he was 11 years old. I first saw him in an under-12 event in France when he played against Jamie, my older son,” the tennis coach told Clay. “I’ve known him all that time and I’ve just known him as an incredible competitor, incredible fighter. Loves the game.”  Just in Djokovic theory rubbished by Indian Wells champion as Nadal named [LATEST] Murray also likened Nadal to her youngest son Andy, who himself has fought back from injury and adversity to continue competing. The three-time Major champion came back from a hip resurfacing surgery in 2019 and continues to defy odds on the court - with all of his victories this year coming in a final set. “He is very similar to Andy, very focused about what he wants,” the 63-year-old continued. “Still have that desire to go out there and compete, but at the end of the day you are relying on your body to be able to perform.”  Don't miss... Emma Raducanu 'missing out' as Judy Murray offers injury solution [QUOTES] Roger Federer's reaction to Indian Wells loss lauded by Dominic Thiem [FLASHBACK] Emma Raducanu was asleep 'two minutes' before Indian Wells win [UPDATE] Britain’s former Billie Jean King Cup captain explained that Nadal would no longer be able to keep coming back from his injuries if and when he body stopped allowing so, no matter how driven he was. She added: “I don’t have knowledge of his body. “I’m sure the desire would be there and if he wants to do it, I´m sure he will continue to perform in a high level. But as you get older, if your body doesn’t work, you don’t work.” 