Chelsea's stance on sacking Graham Potter has not changed as owner Todd Boehly is still willing to back him, despite disagreeing with the players over the under-pressure boss. Potter has faced intense scrutiny just six months into his reign after overseeing a dismal run of form, with questions being asked about his future at the club. The 47-year-old appears to have a new issue to contend with after a report from The Independent claimed some players are 'unconvinced' by Potter's management, which represents the first signs that he may be losing the support of the dressing room. The team's poor run of results, with just two wins from their last 16 matches and six goals in their last 15 matches, have contributed to the growing unease at Stamford Bridge. There is also a question from the players' side that their faith in Potter is 'misplaced', leading to the disagreement in opinions. Luis Enrique, Zinedine Zidane and Mauricio Pochettino have all been linked with taking over if Potter is sacked. READ MORE: Boehly yet to deliver on two key Chelsea promises as jury still out But as far as Boehly and the Chelsea board is concerned, Potter has their backing for the foreseeable future. It had been reported that even a failure to beat Leeds on Saturday and going out of the Champions League against Borussia Dortmund would not alter their position as they believe Potter will win the fans over eventually. Chelsea are currently 10th in the Premier League with 31 points from 24 games and a top-four finish looks more of a distant hope rather than realistic aim. They are now 14 points behind Tottenham after their 2-0 defeat to their London rivals on Sunday and even a European spot could be difficult to obtain due to the form of Fulham and Brighton this season. Potter will know that a run of positive results will turn their fortunes around and ease the pressure on his shoulders, and it could be a case of needing the players to gel after spending £323million in January on eight new signings. But the Blues boss accepts that he needs to start delivering results if he wants to stay in the role after holding a meeting with the Chelsea hierarchy. DON'T MISSChelsea chief Boehly can break Abramovich record with Potter sackingLuis Enrique appointment could reignite careers of three Chelsea starsChelsea's Havertz slammed for 'doing nothing' and seeing off managers "There is support and, of course, I've spoken to them. But I'm not going to hide behind that," Potter told reporters. "The results haven't been good enough for us and I'm responsible for that. "When you're a coach, if the results are good you accept the criticism and noise that comes with it. My job is to stay with the team, stay focused, try to prepare the team as well as I can, and win the game tomorrow." Regarding the players' performances, he added: "The boys have taken responsibility and understand where we're at. We all admit we can do better – firstly me – and the players are honest enough as well to know they can do better. "We're all there and fighting but we need to show it on the pitch and that has to manifest itself with three points."