Former Tennessee cop Maegan Hall claimed male officers in the police department "groomed" her to be mentally and physically abused. The 26-year-old lost her job in January alongside five other officers after she was found to have had sex with several colleagues in the workplace. But the lawsuit characterised Hall as a vulnerable young woman who was regularly objectified and harassed by older male officers. The suit named La Vergne Police Department (LPD)'s former chief Burrel "Chip" Davis, Sargeant Henry "Ty" McGowan and Lewis Powell. All three men were also fired in connection with the sex romp scandal. Hall alleged members of the department offered her favours in exchange for sex or threatened her with job loss, resulting in her submitting to their demands. The complaint alleges that Hall the pressure resulted in the former officer self-harming and causing her to be hospitalised in December 2022. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan to be evicted from Frogmore Cottage as King hands it to Prince Andrew The former Tennessee cop also lamented earlier investigation into the scandal suggested Hall had initiated all sexual activity as Davis and McGowall purportedly attempted to sway the inquiry in their favour. She also claimed the investigation influenced media coverage of the case and resulted in Hall being portrayed as a "girls gone wild" cop. The suit said the characterisation fueled a campaign of negative commentary and spawned viral memes mocking her alleged sexual appetites. The lawsuit reads: "Ms Hall’s face became the ‘Female Cop’ meme widely circulated throughout the internet. "Entire forums have emerged where users swap memes and sexual fantasies about Ms Hall." READ MORE: Trump blasts DeSantis’ record on elderly and welfare: ‘Wheelchair over cliff kind of guy’ READ MORE: Trump blasts DeSantis’ record on elderly and welfare: ‘Wheelchair over cliff kind of guy’ Transcript of the interview reads: "Me and my husband were kind of on the verge of a divorce and I just cracked and then it just kind of got out of hand. “I got stupid, I got desperate, I guess and guys are guys and they’ll stick their d***s in anything.” Despite the scandal, she said she is hoping now to stay with her husband and they are planning to seek support from a couple's therapist. Hall said: "It wasn't easy but I'm glad I told him." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews