Comparethemarket looked at the number of Google searches and Instagram hashtags for some of the UK’s most popular landmarks. Some tourists have described the number one spot as “breathtaking” but not everyone agrees. READ MORE: Passenger wants to ‘slap’ man that refused to swap seats with his wife Big Ben, one of London’s most iconic landmarks, took the top spot in comparethemarket’s research. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “Breathtaking. After five years of renovations they finally removed the scaffolding in December! We were so lucky to be one of the first to see it.” Although many people think of the whole tower as Big Ben, the nickname actually just applies to the clock. It’s one of the most Instagrammed places in Britain and has been hashtagged a whopping 3.2 million times on the social media platform. But while Big Ben took the top spot on many tourists’ bucket lists, not everyone left feeling impressed. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “What is the hype? It’s just a big clock, not really amazing.” Another London hotspot took second place on the bucket list. Buckingham Palace was hashtagged over 1.4 million times on Instagram. The home of the British Royal Family, the Palace is likely to attract a lot of visitors this year as King Charles III celebrates his coronation. READ MORE: 'Little gem' crowned Britain's best beach for staycations Tourists have to pay to visit the Palace but they can save money by booking in advance online. During a visit to the official royal residence, tourists will be able to see the throne room, ballroom and the imposing grand staircase. Stonehenge, one of the world’s most impressive ancient landmarks, took third place on the bucket list. The prehistoric monument is one of the UK’s most iconic attractions and offers a glimpse into Britain’s ancient past. Another royal residence took fourth place on the list. Windsor Castle is the oldest and largest occupied castle in the world. Loch Ness, home of the legendary monster, and Loch Lomond topped the list in Scotland while the Giant’s Causeway was Northern Ireland’s top attraction. Anne McEntee, from the life insurance team at Comparethemarket, said: “Whether it's a personal goal, or one to strive towards with family and friends, bucket lists are a useful tool for helping us break down what we want to achieve within our lifetime. “Ticking an item off from our bucket lists can also bring a great sense of accomplishment. Whether your goals for 2023 are travel-related, personal or professional, consider how a bucket list can help you narrow down what you want to achieve in the year ahead.”