Liverpool's injury woes are beginning to subside and it's now created an opportunity for Jurgen Klopp to start young quartet Ibrahima Konate, Darwin Nunez, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Cody Gakpo together for the first time. Liverpool have been bitterly disappointing this campaign following a year where they came within two wins of clinching an unprecedented quadruple. They've failed to build up any momentum in the season with just 10 wins from 23 league games. Several players appear to be lacking in confidence while most of Klopp's squad have spent some time out of the team due to injuries. Konate has missed more minutes than most out of Klopp's first-team squad with the defender starting just four league games all season. The 23-year-old is seen by many as the future for Liverpool's defensive unit having impressed for his country at the World Cup when called upon. He has been unavailable for Liverpool's last five games, but Klopp has confirmed the defender could be in contention to make his return against Wolves. Nunez, who missed the 0-0 draw against Crystal Palace due to the shoulder injury he suffered against Real Madrid, was also back in team training on Monday.  The Uruguayan looked as though he was set to hit top form with back-to-back goals against Newcastle and Real, but the injury setback has disrupted that momentum. He'd also begun to strike up a strong partnership with January signing Gakpo, who's begun to show his talents in recent weeks. Alexander-Arnold has also looked at his creative best with Gakpo and Nunez up there for the full-back to aim his wicked crosses into. All four will be in contention to start this week, either against Wolves or Manchester United later this weekend.  The quartet are also seen as the future of Liverpool football club as they're either 23 or 24 years of age. Getting all four players to start a run of games together may be the key to unlocking Liverpool's season for the final few months. Klopp has admitted the club are going through somewhat of a transition season and major changes are expected in the summer. The groundworks are clearly there for a squad capable of taking over the mantle for years to come. And that can start this week with Alexander-Arnold, Konate, Nunez and Gakpo starting together for the first time at Liverpool.