A woman who was jailed for causing the death of an elderly cyclist after swearing and violently gesturing at her is at risk of losing her home. Auriol Grey is estranged from her family and is said to have just one friend amid reports she led a "sad and lonely" life beset by chronic health problems. The 49-year-old suffers from cerebral palsy, is partially blind and has cognitive issues. On Thursday she was sentenced to three years in prison after being convicted of the manslaughter of Celia Ward, 77, who she told to "get off the f***ing pavement" before the cyclist fell into the road. The startled pensioner was subsequently struck by a car and killed during the incident in October 2020 in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire. Grey's lawyer has now warned her client is at risk of losing her home, reports the Mirror. Miranda Moore KC said Grey "has nobody to support her apart from a friend and no family support at all. She has no financial support at all other than state benefits. "If she goes to prison today she would lose her home and has no one to store her possessions. She doesn't know what would happen to them." Grey had lived alone for 17 years in an adapted home in the town, relying on state benefits. Her ground-floor flat is managed by a charitable trust that helps disabled people to live independently. Neighbours said she was seen as a "loner" and was often bad tempered.  READ MORE: Nurse Lucy Letby hugged mum after allegedly trying to murder her baby Winston Ward, who lives opposite Grey told MailOnline: "We have paper thin walls and sometimes I heard her having heated phone conversation with people, telling them to F*** off! "I never knew who she was talking to but it was on the phone because she never had any visitors."  Mr Ward, 60, who is confined to a wheelchair added: "She was a bit of a loner and only had one friend." He described Grey's daily routine as consisting of going for a walk at 8am, but she would always leave her front door slightly ajar.  DON'T MISS:One dead and multiple houses on fire after tanker explodes [PICTURES]The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s Coronation [COMMENT] Another unnamed neighbour added that life for her was "hard" - as it is for all the roughly 20 residents in the block - but "that doesn't mean you can't have a laugh". A source also said Grey "occasionally" spoke to her mum on the phone. Her older sister Genny died two years ago, though it is understood they rarely had any contact. During her trial at Peterborough Crown Court, Grey's one friend drove her each day.  