Emmerdale newcomer Marshall (played by Max Fletcher) and Arthur Thomas (Alfie Clarke) have grown close in the ITV soap, much to the horror of Marshall's homophobic dad, Colin (Mark Noble). After witnessing a moment between the youngsters, Colin decided to rip Marshall and Arthur apart by sending him to boarding school. But, the couple came up with a plan to forge a letter to the school, while Marshall secretly hid at Rishi Sharma's (Bhasker Patel) house. Rishi thought his house was haunted after noticing empty crisp packets in the house. However, it was actually Marshall who was hiding out in secret. In official spoilers released by ITV, Marshall is exposed as the mystery person hiding in Rishi's house. In upcoming scenes, Laurel Thomas (Charlotte Bellamy) and Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) take in Marshall. READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... Despite being relieved by Laurel and Jai's kindness, the schoolboy is left gutted when his school, Hotten Academy can’t accept him back without his dad’s approval. However, in an unusual turn of events, Colin agrees and says Marshall can go back to his original school. Although Laurel and Jai fear it may only be because he wants his abuse of Marshall to be kept quiet. Later on, when Jai opens up to Laurel about his fears of the impact on their family of them taking on Marshall, he doesn’t know that the devastated teenager is listening to the conversation on the stairs. The next day, Colin appears, asking to see Marshall, but Jai and Laurel are unconvinced by his apparent change of heart. However, they only agree he can see his son if Marshall gives his consent. Marshall’s wrong-footed by his caring approach when Colin tries to convince him he’s sorry for disowning him over his sexuality. When his dad says he loves him and tells the school boy it’s time to come home, Marshall is shaken by the request.  Don't miss... William and Kate savaged by James Corden as he mocks waxwork of royals [LATEST] Death in Paradise star addresses Beyond Paradise cross-over  [EXCLUSIVE] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [REACTION] Although, Colin does his best to manipulate him into coming home. The next day Marshall is left confused as his dad continues to love bomb him with messages. However, with Marshall feeling conflicted, it could soon have an impact on Arthur and his family. If Marshall gives in to his dad's demands, Colin could end up ripping his son and Arthur away from each other once again. And if Colin succeeds, will Marshall end up betraying the person closest to him? Fans have also grown concerned for the newcomer, with many airing their fears on Twitter. Kayleigh tweeted: "Can Marshall just rebel against his dad please #Emmerdale." @RyanTheSoapking shared: "Marshall's dad is vile." While @fussyMcWhiskers added: "#Emmerdale Oh no Marshall's turned up & his nasty dad's there!" (sic) Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.