 With the end of Droughtlander just months away, many Outlander fans have refreshed their memory by re-watching the show. This time an observant viewer noticed a major plot hole with Claire Fraser's (played by Caitriona Balfe) family ties to Scotland.  As fans await the premiere of season seven, many chose to re-watch key moments which led to Claire’s season six arrest. This included her return to the future after mysteriously travelling to 1743 and falling in love with Jamie Fraser (Sam Heughan). After returning to 1945 pregnant, Claire struggled to adjust back to her life with Frank Randall (Tobias Menzies) as Jamie was constantly on her mind. Following Frank’s death, Claire and her daughter Brianna Fraser (Sophie Skelton) happened to be in London visiting relatives when they heard of Rev Wakefield’s (James Fleet) death. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview However, fans have long wondered who these relatives were, as they have not been mentioned since. Taking to a Reddit fan page, u/historyarmchair22 wrote: “I’m doing a rewatch of the show and after Rev. Wakefield’s funeral in the manse, Claire introduces herself to Roger. “[Claire] says she and Brianna were visiting relatives in London when they heard of the reverend’s passing and decided to come up to Scotland. “I read the book a little while ago and can’t remember if it’s elaborated on, but what relatives could this be?” The user questioned: “Claire was an only child whose parents passed away years prior, so maybe Franks’s family? Can anyone elaborate or is this just a bit of a plot hole?” In response, u/cmcrich agreed: “I was scratching my head about that too, since Claire had no living relatives. “It was mentioned that Frank had an elderly aunt or 2 in upstate New York when Bree was small, but I’m sure they would have passed by 1968. “I figured it was just a plot hole since it was different in the book.” DON'T MISS...The Apprentice star details private conversation with Lord Sugar [INSIGHT]Outlander's Sam Heughan issues urgent warning to fans [INSIGHT]Outlander's Sam Heughan sparks frenzy with peek at season 7 [REACTION] Another fan, jlb64 added: “Hmmm, good question! Never picked up on that.” Slamming the author, Original_Rock5157 fumed: “Diana [Gabaldon] conveniently has relatives for Frank when she needs them. “Claire, Frank and Bree are stranded in the snow on the way to visit Frank's relatives. “Claire and Frank have a wedding reception with relatives. “The photos of the wedding reception are mentioned when Claire is preparing to return to the 1700s.” “I always assumed they were visiting Frank's family,” u/cosmicsugarstar added. While u/Admirable-Basis-2407 shared: “I recall an episode, when Roger wanted to return to their time and Bree, not deciding fully if she wanted to leave her parents, said that she grew up without grandparents and she wanted Jemmy to have that experience. “Not sure what the book did with Frank's parents but the show either had them dead or not actively involved in Bree's life. “So yeah, I'm not sure which family they were supposed to be visiting on that trip to London.” Outlander seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Starz in the USA and on Lionsgate+ in the UK. 