Piers Morgan has said King Charles is evicting Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to save the monarchy. The Talk TV presenter said the King made the move to save the monarchy and its reputation "from these two flamethrowers, who keep wanting to trash it and burn it to the ground". Morgan, discussing the Sussexes being evicted from their UK base, told viewers: "I think they are a malevolent duo intent on fleecing their royal titles for hundreds of millions of dollars and causing untold damage to their family and the institution in the process." His comments came after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were asked to vacate their Windsor home just weeks after the release of Harry's damning book Spare. Harry and Meghan's spokesperson said a "request" had been made for the Sussexes to give up Frogmore Cottage, which is close to Windsor Castle. Reports have claimed the move was sanctioned by King Charles and that it will further weaken ties with the Royal Family. The decision is likely to be interpreted as a major rebuke by Charles to his son, who since moving to North America in 2020 has slammed the monarchy and members of his own family, alleging racism and a lack of support. Royal expert, Dr Tessa Dunlop, responding to Morgan, said: "We want our monarchy to be bigger and better than that, Piers." She described Prince Harry as "damaged", adding that Frogmore Cottage was not just somewhere the Sussexes laid their heads. Dr Dunlop said: "It actually came with the umbrella of security that you get as being part and parcel of Britain's [Royal Family]." READ ABOUT SAMANTHA MARKLE FACING RUIN She predicted Harry and Meghan would no longer visit the UK due over security concerns. Prince Harry won permission in July 2022 to legally challenge the Government's decision to deny him police protection while in Britain. Elizabeth II's grandson received full police protection before he and Meghan stepped back from royal duties and moved the North America in 2020. Morgan said: "These two, by your yardstick (Dr Dunlop's) are obsessed by privacy and security. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan told they are powerless without Royal Family status [REVEALED] Meghan and Harry 'got what they wanted' amid Frogxit eviction [LATEST] Americans brand Harry and Meghan's date night in LA 'a PR stunt' [REPORT] "They've just done a six-part, Netflix documentary into their private lives at home. They don't care about privacy, they want to sell it. "Secondly, on security, Harry was unbelievably reckless in the book to boast about his Taliban kill numbers, and described the Taliban that he killed as chess pieces. "He, by doing that, immeasurably worsened the security for his family... So don't let me hear them talk anymore about privacy and safety when he has so deliberately invaded his own privacy." Dr Dunlop replied that whether he had made the situation worse or not, they hardly left Frogmore Cottage last summer when the couple were in the UK to mark Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee. She added: "You've (Piers) been shouting them down since Netflix came out - get them away from our Royal Family, you said." With the couple's permanent UK base now gone, there will be speculation about whether they will receive an invite to the King's coronation on May 6. Frogmore, a Grade-II listed property which is owned by the Crown Estate, was a gift from Harry's grandmother, the Queen. In 2019, royal accounts revealed Meghan and Harry paid £2.4 million to cover the refurbishment and rental of Frogmore Cottage, on the Home Park Estate at Windsor Castle, a property they have only have used a handful of times since relocating to the US. The couple were funding the general up-keep of their former home, like maintaining the garden, and were continuing to pay rent, a rental contract described as a "good deal" for the taxpayer by a senior palace source in 2022. Harry's cousin, Princess Eugenie, and her family, are thought to be staying at the property which underwent major work to turn five properties back into a single residence for the Sussexes. There are reports Prince Andrew has been asked to move into the "cottage" and out of his current home, Royal Lodge.