Meghan Markle and Prince Harry stepped down from senior royal duties to become financially independent in March 2020. Since then, the royal couple have signed multimillion-dollar deals with streaming giants Netflix and Spotify and the Duke of Sussex released a memoir which included a $ 20 million advance. But journalist Megyn Kelly has warned their money will dry up in Montecito as it is one of the priciest neighbourhoods in America. She told Sky News Australia: "Meghan has very disappointed to realise he doesn't have money, he's a prince who's a pauper. "He's got fame and he gave her that for sure, she's now a household name when she was doing Deal or No Deal or the Suit show but he doesn't have any money. "Now it all makes sense how she's pimped him out to write the memoir. "Maybe she didn't like how the PR tour went but she needed that money. You got a $20 million advance on Spare and she's crying all the way to the bank now because they got the $100 million Netflix deal, they got $50 million Spotify deal. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan warned they will be 'booed in the streets'  "But mark my words, she's going to blow through that in about two years in Montecito which is one the of most expensive communities in America. "That's not enough dough to be riding private all the time which they want to do." The royal couple have previously been told to live somewhere more modest amid speculation over their finances. Harry, who previously told Oprah Winfrey he had been "cut off" by the Royal Family, said he signed deals to afford security. After buying an £11million house in Montecito, California, royal expert Richard Eden queried the couple's future source of income. Speaking to Palace Confidential on Mail+, Mr Eden said: "Remember that Prince Harry said explicitly in his interview with Oprah Winfrey that they only signed the deals with Spotify and Netflix because he has been cut off by his family. "He was saying we need the money. Since then they've got some other deals for things like BetterUp but he made clear they needed to do that sort of deal. "It does make me wonder about what the future holds." DON'T MISS Prince Harry's apology demand from brother and King 'delusional' [ANALYSIS]Kate uses special phrase to keep George, Charlotte and Louis in line [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan to be evicted from Frogmore Cottage [VIDEO] Royal commentator Andrew Pierce noted: "They don't have to live in a house with nine bathrooms. "They could live somewhere more modest." Harry had told Oprah: "We didn’t have a plan. [The Netflix deal] was suggested by somebody else by the point of where my family literally cut me off financially, and I had to afford security for us. "[They cut me off] In the first quarter of 2020. But I've got what my mum left me, and, without that, we would not have been able to do this." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews