Angry farmers in Northern Ireland are protesting against Rishi Sunak's new Windsor Framework which they say has fallen short of tackling the issue of supply lines. Local farmers have struggled to bring in livestock from Great Britain because of the post-Brexit arrangements under the Northern Ireland Protocol. Under the new Windsor Framework, livestock will still be subject to EU law through the red lane, meaning livestock among other products will still have to go through paperwork, checks and customs control. Sheep farmers in Northern Ireland have traditionally bought stock in Great Britain to replenish their flocks. But since leaving the EU and with the Northern Ireland Protocol, this has proven a headache - even impossible in some instances. Alistair Armstrong, chair of the National Sheep Association in Northern Ireland, has raised concerns about the new rules. Speaking on BBC 4's Farming Today programme, he said: "Currently, if we go to buy sheep, they only can come if they have been scrapie tested. "So, we’re still restricted in what we can bring in till Northern Ireland." A Downing Street spokesperson said livestock will continue to move via the red lane "to reflect the fact that the island of Ireland is treated as a single epidemiological unit such as for the movement of livestock". However, they insisted that "technical easements have already been put in place to help with the movement of livestock between Northern Ireland and Great Britain." Mr Armstrong said Northern Irish farmers now require new bloodlines and genetics - and "that hasn’t got any easier". He acknowledged the EU and the UK "made some ground" but "it’s nowhere near what we need to bring in new genetics." READ MORE: King Charles will 'regret' meeting with EU chief von der Leyen Ulster Farmers’ Union president David Brown, who has been lobbying for two years to secure "free and frictionless trade" in both east-west and north-south directions, praised "the positive progress" made. But he added that there are still major issues of concern that the deal does not resolve. He said: "Other issues such as livestock movements, veterinary medicines, plant protection products and grain for livestock feed still require a technical solution. Through improved engagement and constructive discussions, we want to see solutions found that delivers for those impacted by these challenges." Other business bosses, like Patricia Gilbert, co-owner of Ballylagan Organic Farm, rejoiced at the unique access Northern Ireland has to two markets - the UK’s Internal Market and the EU's Single Market. She said: "I do believe that if this goes through and does what we believe it’s going to, it leaves Northern Ireland in a very advantageous position, particularly for manufacturing companies, which still have the route into Europe." DON'T MISS:Let’s be inspired by this new chapter with the EU [REPORT]Business firms back Rishi Sunak's 'historic and decisive' Brexit deal [REPORT]Ann Widdecombe warns of 'obvious problems' with Sunak's Brexit deal [REPORT] Touting the Windsor Framework, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak the new deal would create "the world’s most exciting economic zone" with international companies "queuing up to invest in the region". He said: "If we get this right, if we get this framework implemented, if we get the Executive back up and running here, Northern Ireland is in the unbelievably special position - a unique position in the entire world, European continent - in having privileged access, not just to the UK home market, which is enormous... but also the European Union single market. "Nobody else has that. No one. Only you guys: only here, and that is the prize." His statement drew the ire of Stella Creasy, the Labour MP who chairs the Labour Movement for Europe, who noted this had previously been the case for the entire UK. She said: "The Prime Minister is boasting about the benefits of the single market and customs union for businesses in Northern Ireland while denying those same benefits to businesses struggling in the rest of the UK with our current economic crisis." READ NEXT:Brexiteers refuse to be bullied and will scrutinise deal for two weeksBrexiteers hold urgent meeting to scrutinise new ‘details’ of deal Sunak strikes 'best deal' as barrier to UK-US trade accord removedGuy Verhofstadt calls for Brexit 'reversal' despite new dealBiden told 'move quickly' to unlock Brexit trade deal