Enzo Fernandez says he already feels at home at Chelsea - thanks in part to a young boy who ran onto the field after the club’s famous win over Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday. The pressure has been immediately put upon the club’s £100million signing to lift them from their current mid-table struggles to compete with the very best teams on the continent. Tuesday night’s 2- 0 win - giving Chelsea a 2-1 aggregate advantage over the two legs against Bundesliga title hopefuls Dortmund - was therefore a big step forward for the Argentine World Cup winner. There were an anxious six minutes of stoppage time to wait before booking that place in the last eight of Europe’s elite competition. But when the final whistle went, Stamford Bridge erupted, with one young fan running onto the pitch to ask Fernandez for his shirt. Fernandez said: “It touched my heart when the boy ran out to come and see me. He came and asked for my shirt. It was such a special moment because he wanted to see me and he gave me a quick hug. DON'T MISS... Jude Bellingham labels Chelsea penalty fiasco 'a joke' after loss [REACTION] READ MORE... Chelsea boss Graham Potter breaks character in job-saving Dortmund win [ANALYSIS] Graham Potter spotted in heated post-match exchange with Cucurella [CAUGHT ON CAMERA] Joe Cole and Owen Hargreaves agree on 'outstanding' Chelsea star [OPINION] “It made me feel even more connected with the fans. I love getting to know the fans and the trust that they have in me is incredible. I feel at home.” The supporter was escorted by stewards back to his group by stewards but the overall support from the Chelsea crowd on what one feels will become a famous European night for the club could have an impact for some time to come. And Fernandez insists their sights are set on winning the European Cup for a third time. “When we play at home, it helps the confidence of the group,” the South American said. “We played really well and we believe in the path that we are working on. “I am really happy here and I am getting to know my team-mates better. I am feeling more confident. We all are feeling more confident after our second win. We hope that we can be the champions again.” And despite the pressure on head of manager Graham Potter, the players feel it was his game plan that say them past Germany’s most in-form team at the moment and through to next Friday’s draw in Nyon, Switzerland. “We’re going to be staying on this path and we keep hope things carry on improving,” Fernandez said. “It was a great plan from our coaches for the game. We had trust that the team could do it. We had more people running in behind and many people working at the back. We just had to do our jobs and follow that game plan.”