The Saturday Night Takeaway hosts were causing chaos for those trying to enter a hotel as they voiced a check-in machine. Many of the customers were left frustrated by the machine but Ernest left Ant and Dec chuckling when he became fascinated by it. Those watching at home saw Ernest touch the buttons and open drawers attached to the check-in desk which amused the hosts. Ant remarked: "Ernest you seem to be pressing everything on the screen, around the screen. Are you interested in technology Ernest?" He replied: "I am indeed," as he proceeded to look at the microphone poking out the side of the machine. "You seem to be touching the microphone," Ant continued. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air What happened next left the Geordie duo in fits of laughter as Ernest pulled the microphone out of its holder and broke the machine. "You really need to stop touching the microphone Ernest," Ant instructed. "Ernest! Ernest you've broken our microphone." Ernest tried to fix the microphone as the presenters began to panic. Dec then joked: "Watch it wreck the microphone, psyche!" Back at the machine, the microphone began to extend out of the desk leaving Ernest baffled. Ant added: "If you have your hand on it, it will automatically get bigger. "Don't keep playing with it Ernest! Get your hands off it." Ernest continued to have the duo laughing when he was offered free items such as overnight pants and basil. DON'T MISS...Ant and Dec apologise minutes into Saturday Night Takeaway [LATEST]Dec admits Matt Hancock's I'm A Celeb backlash 'has some validity' [INTERVIEW]Ant McPartlin 'felt sorry' for Bruno Tonioli at Britain's Got Talent [INSIGHT] However, when they finally revealed themselves, Ernest delivered a brutal dig to Ant and Dec. "This is a bit downmarket for you," Ernest told the pair. "How the mighty have fallen." The pair shook hands with Ernest as he asked for a bag for the free items he'd been given. Saturday Night Takeaway viewers loved Ernest and took to Twitter to share their amusement. Jade tweeted: "How the mighty have fallen. I want to adopt Ernest #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Too Broke For Beyonce shared: "If it's free... laughing so much at Ernest. What a guy! #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Caroline Pocock asked: "Who else wants Ernest as their grandad?! He’s brilliant! @antanddec #SaturdayNightTakeaway #antanddec #ernest." Sarah posted: "Love Ernest! We must protect him at all costs...and give him all the freebies! #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Kenny Jones laughed: "This is a bit of a down market job for you boys. What a fella Ernest is #SaturdayNightTakeaway." Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturday on ITV at 7pm.