While soaring living cost pressures prevail, Britons have been increasingly turning to side hustles or exploring other, more lucrative ventures as a means to boost their income. After quitting her full-time position to focus on raising her children, Amie Darlow, 31, was feeling the “mental and emotional” toll of being financially dependent on her partner. That was until she found Avon, which helped her entirely self-fund Christmas and save for her upcoming wedding. Explaining the “struggle” of going from earning a full-time income to “nothing”, Ms Darlow from Northampton, told Express.co.uk it felt like she had to rely on her partner. She said: “This wasn't the dynamic, but this is the way that it felt for me. Every bill that came in, I’d think, I can't finance this, I can't do anything for this. And that really affected me both mentally and emotionally because it kind of felt like Groundhog Day. “I was just looking after the children, being at home and not really having much of an impact on our relationship. So my confidence took an absolute knock. I was in a new area as well. I had no social surroundings, no friends, my family were miles away. So I got into a bit of a slump really and I just accepted that.” According to research carried out by Avon of more than 7,000 women across seven countries, two in five (41 percent) feel it is more difficult for them to work flexibly in relation to men. READ MORE: Woman shares 'low-effort' method that helped save £20,000 in 3 years  A third (34 percent) of the women surveyed said taking on childcare responsibilities has had a negative effect on their career progression. With this, nearly a quarter (20 percent) feel there are inequalities present in opportunities offered to women to start their own businesses. When Ms Darlow was first approached to become an Avon rep by another mother in the school playground, she said she initially thought: “That's not for me. I'm just a mum. I haven't got time for this.” After persistence, Ms Darlow gave in and is now saying she’s “glad” she did, as she now earns between £400 and £800 a month. Ms Darlow said: “There are no conditions, no contracts or anything. There's no minimum amount of sales. My gut was telling me that I needed to do it. So I gave it a go and signed up and it just kind of went from there. It was amazing, the response I had.”  Don't miss... Man swaps zero-hour contracts for £500k side hustle [INSIGHT] Nearly half of Brits have set up a side hustle to help make ends meet [ANALYSIS] Jeremy Hunt 'to unveil significant pension cap increase' in Budget [LATEST] Describing what the job entails, Ms Darlow said she’s able to comfortably fit work around the school run. She said: “It varies day by day, but I get out and about in the community delivering catalogues, getting orders prepared, and taking deliveries - I'm best friends with the parcel force man. “I get out and about as much as I can, which is wonderful as well. I'm now known as the Avon lady. I've got more friends and it takes me hours to do my deliveries because when I'm going around, they're all introducing me to their dogs and new puppies and we have cups of tea. “It takes me ages. I've made genuine friendships out of it, which is another amazing thing.” Delving into her profits, Ms Darlow said: “Christmas was amazing. I joined [Avon] in October, and November was absolutely insane. I was fortunate enough to pay for Christmas for my children. And I talk about this all the time because, for four years, I hadn’t been able to do anything financially for Christmas.” READ MORE: Britons could slash inheritance tax bill by helping grandchildren  Ms Darlow said it had always been her partner, Jamie, distributing the money to spend. But last year, after making around £1,000 from November's success, she said: “The kids woke up on Christmas, and I was looking at all their presents, and I thought, that was me. And that was the best feeling in the world.” She continued: “It makes me really emotional because it's something I've always wanted to do, but I haven't been able to do it. And then finally being able to do it around the children and not having to be away from them working in an office somewhere.” She said, initially, she was “looking at the inevitable” that she would have to go back to work. Ms Darlow said: “I was in two minds thinking, ‘What on earth am I going to do?’ I haven't got a career - I have my degree. “But it was like a minefield. What do I do when they start school? I can't commit to something, really, because of the school holidays. And who will look after them for six weeks? But now I don't have to worry about that, I can bring them along. They come out with me.” Ms Darlow said the money she’s earning through her Avon business is also helping her fund her wedding in August.  She said: “I've got a secure enough income each month. Obviously, it does vary. But I'm putting everything now towards the wedding.” Ms Darlow is now an Avon leader and spends a portion of her role recruiting and supporting other women. Speaking about her experiences being approached by women needing to earn some additional income, she said: “ I love to support them. That's one of the most amazing things about being an Avon leader is that you can lead people. “I know how much it's changed and improved my life. And just being able to do that and help other people to achieve their dreams and aims for being in the business is amazing. Ms Darlow added: “If you've got a gut feeling, just go for it. Because there's nothing to lose. You can always walk away if it doesn't work out, but if it does work out, it'll be amazing.” Holly Tucker MBE, UK ambassador to creative small businesses and founder of notonthehighstreet, commented: “After mentoring and championing UK small business owners for over 20 years, I’ve been lucky enough to witness the life-changing benefits of running your own business, especially for women. Helping women flourish and fly, doing what they love, all whilst achieving financial independence, it’s one of the greatest privileges I’ve ever been given.”  However, Ms Tucker continued: “I know from my experiences of building both of my own two businesses that there’s so much progress still to be made when it comes to achieving gender equality — even though it’s proven how much it would benefit our broader society. “We want to make that a reality, and that’s why Avon’s purpose to create opportunities for women to earn flexibly with such quality support and coaching really resonates with me. I wish more businesses had women at the heart of their brands, as Avon does — imagine what the world would look like?” Angela Cretu, CEO of Avon, added: “Study after study has shown us that when women are empowered and engaged, all of society benefits – a better world for women is a better world for all. “Whilst some countries are taking positive steps forward, many women are still experiencing barriers when it comes to freedom of choice, work and the opportunity to earn. We want to change that. “For over 136 years, driving positive change for women has been hard-wired into Avon’s business: every time you buy a lipstick you are helping to support a female entrepreneur. Removing the barriers to economic participation that women face is crucial to help drive progress for women.” 