Like Love Island for the older generation, but still somewhat different, MILF Manor sees a group of single mums live inside a posh villa with a bunch of, notably younger, single lads – the catch of course is that joining the mums on their journey for love is their sons. Despite TLC being home to arguably some of the most out-there shows on TV, MILF Manor has still raised eyebrows amongst viewers around the world. If it wasn't the show's concept alone that has concerned telly watchers, it's some of the outrageous challenges given to the programme's contestants. Only recently, an episode saw the eight mums, all aged in their 40s and 50s, quiz their sons on bedroom positions in a truly bizarre sex education class. One mum even walked off set in protest as she fumed that "sex classes should definitely be kept to yourself or with your partner". READ MORE: The Apprentice star details private conversation with Lord Sugar Some viewers have branded MILF Manor the "most disgusting show ever" and have even gone as far as saying the "sick show" will "ruin families". But with such negative feedback on the new-age reality TV show, how exactly did this programme get the green light from broadcast bosses? Daniela Neumann, the managing director of MILF Manor's production company, has now explained how she and her team came up with the idea. Neumann explained in a new interview that she thought of it after speaking with a divorced colleague who detailed a recent holiday with his son. Daniela told The Washington Post that her pal's son began chatting up a woman that he had already spoken to himself, birthing the concept of MILF Manor. She explained that "casting proved to be a challenge" and that one of her team's "biggest hurdles" was finding "a group of single mums with single sons". Any potential matches were also required to take a month off their responsibilities to fly out to Mexico for a month to shoot the programme. One show star Kelle Mortenson told the outlet that she had signed up for the TLC show without knowing "exactly what it was about". Even while making MILF Manor, Mortenson reportedly remained clueless about its premise after being told it was all about "empowering older women". She was reportedly informed that her 20-year-old son Joey was invited along to filming to be her "support system" on the show – which wasn't strictly untrue. Mortenson claims she had no idea about the show's striking title until her final interview where she was asked to read the line "up next on MILF Manor". Rather than backing out there and then, she said she decided to "make the best out of the situation" and fly out to Mexico to record the programme. "Sorry ladies, I might be sleeping with your son," Kelle tells other contestants in a recent episode as her embarrassed son tells her she "has got to chill out". While social media is flooded with complaints about the show, there are also lots who enjoy the "wild" reality series – but even the crew recognise just how out-there it is. Daniela admits hoping the show will "spark conversations in the future". Reflecting on the controversy, she said: "Isn’t that part of the purpose of TV, entertainment, culture, art? It’s to get people talking about society and how we are and how we operate." MILF Manor airs Sundays at 10pm ET on TLC in the USA and is not currently available to stream in the UK.