Red Bull principal Christian Horner has been tipped to quit his role and take up a big job in F1 by Bernie Ecclestone. F1 supremo Ecclestone made his billions during his four-decade long career as the boss of Formula 1 and still offers his advice to chiefs. However, the 92-year-old departed his role in 2016 when the series was taken over by Liberty Media. Despite moving away from the sport Ecclestone's expertise are still sought after and he remains close to Horner and other members of the F1 hierarchy. He told the Independent during an interview: “I speak to the president, Mohammed [Ben Sulayem]. He gives me a call about different issues." Ecclestone's successor is Stefano Domenicali, who was team principal at Ferrari for six years between 2008 and 2014. The Italian was appointed the Formula One Group CEO to replace Chase Carey - the immediate replacement of Ecclestone. But the ex-F1 supremo doesn't think that Domenicali is the right man to lead F1 forward as he added: "Stefano has never been any closer to things beyond the fact that he once worked for Ferrari. READ MORE: Bernie Ecclestone laments lack of 'heroes' in F1 with dig at Liberty Media   "Apart from that, he didn’t know what happened behind the scenes. I never had somebody beside me. I wasn’t a teacher. I didn’t ever intend to be.” Horner has been involved in F1 since Red Bull bought the Jaguar F1 team in 2004 and made their debut the following season. Ecclestone believes the 49-year-old is the man who should be the figurehead of F1 as the popularity of the series continues to grow.  Ecclestone added: “If you had to pick anyone today, I’d say he would be as good as there is. He listens well. He sorts out what’s rubbish from what isn’t.” Horner has spearheaded the last two driver's world championship campaigns by Max Verstappen and led Red Bull to the constructors' title last year for the first time since 2013. Whether Horner would want the CEO role is unclear after he suggested a different career path on the Diary of a CEO podcast recently. He added: "When I get to the end of my journey, I'll go away and do something completely different - I'll be a sheep farmer or something like that. But I don't see that in sight at the moment." 