Prince Harry has shown three "giveaway signals" which indicated his true feelings about the eviction from Frogmore Cottage, an expert has claimed. It was earlier reported that Harry and Meghan Markle were "stunned" over the King's decision to evict them from their UK base. On Tuesday night, the couple were spotted out in Los Angeles on a date night, just before the news of the eviction became known - but the Sussexes had been told of the eviction in January. The couple appeared all smiles as they made their way into San Vicente Bungalows for a rare date night. Body language expert Judi James, suggesting that their smiles may be a false reflection of their true emotions in that moment, identified how Prince Harry may have been feeling in relation to the eviction. Based on the footage, the expert claimed that Harry showed three signs that he had the desire to hide or protect himself. Royal Family LIVE: 'Outraged' Charles evicted Harry and Meghan over 'ultimate disrespect' The first signal was Harry's choice to have his collars up on his jacket show, which is an indication that he is trying to protect his face and neck, the body language expert said. She then pointed out that Harry appeared to fiddle with his clothing, suggesting discomfort in the situation, as well as some anxiety. Lastly, she pointed out the way in which the 38-year-old shoved his left hand into his pocket so hard that his knuckles turned white. This also suggested anxiety and a sense of discomfort surrounding the current situation. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'got what they wanted' as Frogxit eviction likely 'leaked by Sussexes'  Ms James said: "His behaviour suggests some anxiety and a desire to protect as he hops about, rounding his group up like a sheepdog and ushering them into the venue." The expert also suggests that the smiles and laugher portrayed by the couple also appear to be a "deliberate projection", and not a genuine expression of "grins prompted by authentic happiness". Switching to discuss Meghan, Ms James suggest that she appeared in a much more "vulnerable" mode during the outing. She added that Meghan's behaviour suggested she was making an effort to put on a "performance" following the eviction news. DON'T MISS:King's Coronation offers Harry a 'fresh start' [EXCLUSIVE]Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction [ANALYSIS]Kate uses special phrase to keep George, Charlotte and Louis in line [VIDEO] As the couple's spokesperson confirmed the news, there were reports that the King is offering Frogmore Cottage to Prince Andrew, who currently resides at Royal Lodge with his ex-wife, Sarah Ferguson. Prince Andrew is reportedly not so keen on the idea and is "resisting" the move to Frogmore, as he doesn't want to downsize his current property.