The public are being “put at risk” by Government plans to hold prisoners in police custody cells, frontline officers warned. The Daily Express can reveal the Ministry of Justice has told police they need to expand the number of stations being used as emergency prison cells. Prisons minister Damian Hinds has told MPs that jails are approaching their maximum capacity, so an emergency scheme needs to be expanded from the North West and North East to the entire country. The Daily Express can also reveal 83 prisoners have been held in police custody cells since Operation Safeguard was activated. Mr Hinds has told police chiefs extra cells across the country must be available from Monday as internal forecasts project the prison population will continue rising. Originally, the Ministry of Justice only asked for cells in the North West, North East and West Midlands. Senior police figures insist the blocks are not suitable for prisoners to be kept longer term and that it means cops are having to double up as prison officers instead of being out on the streets tackling crime. They are said to be particularly concerned about having to transport prisoners between police stations if they fill up. Chair of the Police Federation Steve Hartshorn told the Daily Express: “The foreseeable danger is that police officers will be required to transport prisoners in custody from one station to another if local stations lack the capacity or existing capacity is reduced – this will remove them from the streets and local communities for longer periods, at a time when the police service is already over-stretched and under resourced, putting the public at risk. “It should be noted too, that this proposal reduces the capacity of a station to fully serve its local community. “This ill-conceived workaround puts our members and the public in danger, reduces the capacity of our police officers to protect the public and represents a short-term fix to a long-term problem. “This serves as a timely reminder of the underfunding in the system as a whole, and demonstrates police officers repeatedly being taken for granted. “If more prison cells are needed, they should be built, rather than relying on the police service to pick up more within their already overwhelmed workloads.” Operation Safeguard was last deployed under the former Labour government from 2006 until 2008, with the use of up to 500 police cells. Ministers have appointed a “gold commander” to tackle the growing crisis of prisons filling up. The Ministry of Justice is spending £4 billion to create 20,000 extra places by the mid-2020s, with six new prisons being built, sources say. Officials insisted 3,100 places have already been created. Around 1,000 temporary Rapid Deployment Cells are being set up across the prison estate – the majority of which will be delivered in 2023. Prisons minister Damian Hinds told MPs: “On Monday 20 February, the first Operation Safeguard places became available for use in the North-East, North-West and in the Central Police regions. “As of Friday 24 February, 83 prisoners have been held in Operation Safeguard places in police stations. “On Monday 20 February, HMPPS gave the police the required 14 days’ notice to activate Operation Safeguard in remaining regions.” An MoJ spokesperson said: “We make no apologies for taking more dangerous offenders off the streets for longer and we are delivering the biggest expansion of prison places in over a century. “As the public would rightly expect, we’re also exploring options to accelerate additional capacity in the immediate term, including rolling out hundreds of rapid deployment cells opening in the coming months.”