The Premier League and EFL could be set for significant disruption this weekend as the United Kingdom is battered by Storm Larisa. Several matches are at risk of being postponed due to snow and ice with severe gales and blizzards set to continue throughout the evening and into Saturday. Snow has covered much of the country this morning following an arctic blast with northern England, north Wales and the Midlands the worst hit. The Met Office has issued amber weather warnings for these areas while four yellow warnings for snow also cover large parts of the UK except for south-east England and western Scotland. Met Office meteorologist Alex Burkill has suggested the worst of the weather could be yet to come in the worst affected areas with gusts of 50mph possible alongside 30-40cm of snow. The weather could have a big impact on the football calendar with games in the Premier League and EFL at risk. While undersoil heating helps to keep the worst of the snow from affecting the playing surface, the same cannot be said for the roads and streets to the ground. Mass transport systems are also put under pressure making it more difficult for fans to make it to the stadium safely. Just in... Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [LIVE] In the Premier League, Leeds United’s match with Brighton is the most at risk. The Yorkshire city has been particularly badly affected by the weather with many schools and businesses shut over the last few days. Leicester vs Chelsea and Everton vs Brentford are also at risk of postponement with temperatures in the East Midlands set to fall to around minus six degrees while Merseyrail as been badly disrupted by the snow. A host of games in the Championship, League One and League Two have huge question marks. Sheffield United vs Luton, Hull vs Coventry and Burnley vs Wigan are among those most likely to be postponed. Don't miss... Antonio Conte aims 'selfish' dig at Richarlison after brutal interview [LATEST] Man City boss Guardiola speaks out after Walker filmed 'flashing' [PRESS CONFERENCE] Four class players Man Utd trialed and rejected including two legends [COMMENT] So far just one game has been officially postponed. Mansfield’s League Two encounter with Leyton Orient has already fallen foul of the conditions following a pitch inspection today. More inspections are likely across the coming hours as officials work around the clock to get as many matches on as possible. It remains to be seen how many matches will be able to beat the conditions as fans await to see whether or not they will be able to see their teams in action with the business end of the season edging ever closer.