Mike Tindall won the rugby world cup back in 2003 and he is also married to a trained professional athlete, Zara Tindall. Therefore, it is highly likely that the royal couple lives a healthy lifestyle. Simone Thomas, the founder of Simone Thomas Wellness, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what exercises and sports the father of three enjoys. She claimed: "Mike Tindall had an impressive career as a professional rugby player and while he retired in 2011, word has it that he still plays his beloved game today with a local team. "I would imagine that to do this he still needs to keep up his fitness levels and will no doubt meet up with his teammates for training sessions as well as playing matches. "I believe that Mike plays golf, often seen at charity events and on his Instagram feed he was recently seen talking about golfing and making this a sport for younger generations and I loved this.  "It shows he is making a difference to young children in sport, and we need more of this! "He is also seen out on his bike as part of the challenge for Cure Parkinson’s and those hills would’ve taken quite some training to climb! "This all suggests that he is into sports and fitness, so I can imagine that he packs a lot of activity into his days to maintain his fitness." The expert explained whether or not Mia, Lena and Lucas Tindall will help Mike remain active as he approaches his mid-forties.   Ms Thomas opined: "While they might be part of the Royal Family, having three children is a full-on job and will certainly keep Mike and Zara busy and on their toes. "I think that every family is different but given that Mike is a rugby player and fitness is a part of his world and life, they will have an active life. "Given that they live on a vast estate in the Gloucestershire countryside, I am sure they are active and if you throw in early mornings with little ones, it’s bound to be pretty full on, as it is with all parents. "They also have dogs so there will be a lot of walking going on, and horses, so I think he will certainly need to fuel up and look after himself, as will Zara. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home  "Back on social media there was a post of him with his children out enjoying an archery session as part of a Bear Grylls Adventure session, so looks like sport is being kept in the family." The expert also provided some insight into Mike's diet. Ms Thomas suggested: "Mike's diet is different to his wife Zara's. Word has it that loves 'quick and simple' homemade dishes which are perfect for family life, but it would seem that ready meals and pre-prepared dishes are a good way to fuel his workouts and rugby playing – however, I imagine these are pretty good quality. "It was great to see that he is all about balance which I think is what we are all looking for. His choice of scrambled eggs on toast with smashed avocado for breakfast is spot on as it offers the healthy fats that are needed to help cardiovascular strength.  "He also mentioned liking smoked salmon which is a good option with any meal because it gives you a serving of protein, but is also full of vitamins, and omega-3 fatty acids. "From what I have read he mixes meat and fish, sea bass with couscous, being a favourite, and this is a good way to eat, especially if he is very active. "Lots of water will be important, around two litres a day. I was pleased to see he enjoys the natural brew green tea, which aids digestion and helps to increase one’s metabolism. "The brilliant thing about green tea is that it contains caffeine, but it’s a naturally occurring source and one that doesn’t dehydrate you like coffee." 