If Geothermal Engineering is successful, its new plant will be the first geothermal power facility in the UK when it is up and running in 2024. In order to complete the project, the company has raised more than £15m, the majority from private equity firm Kerogen Capital. The announcement comes as several companies try and develop new ways of extracting warmth from deep underground with the hope geothermal energy could become mainstream in the future. In an interview with the Telegraph, energy expert Michael Liebreich said: “I think it can be very significant. I think there’s always been a strong understanding that it’s a big opportunity – the challenge is how do you get it out, and how do you get it out economically.” Geothermal energy represents a tiny proportion of the global energy system. The industry has been held back by the cost and risk of drilling deep underground. READ MORE: Energy bills support scheme ends but more support to come  However, this changed when Russia invaded Ukraine and the rest of the world had to start looking for alternative sources of energy, tipping the balance further in favour of geothermal energy. Furthermore, new drilling techniques developed in the United States are helping companies to dig deeper. In the UK, there have been several past experiments with digging deep underground for power. In South Wales, officials explored whether water swirling through coal mines could be used to heat homes. Meanwhile, in Cornwall, drilling had to be stopped in March 2022 when seismic activity was detected at a site close to Cornwall’s Eden Project. The company behind both sites, Geothermal Engineering, has said it is using a “binary” power plant. Once this project is completed, Geothermal Engineering has said it wants to build a fleet of small power stations in Cornwall. Geothermal Engineering’s chief executive, Ryan Law, told the Telegraph: “It's a very exciting sort of development for us and potentially huge for UK PLC. We’ve taken it step by step to try and get the solutions right, so that when we do produce lithium then we have meaningful quantities.” If geothermal goes mainstream, the hope is that it could ease the UK’s energy crisis and potential reduce energy bills.