Despite a highly impressive Formula 1 debut, American rookie Logan Sargeant has admitted he was a "little disappointed" with his introduction to the division. The Florida native had a great deal of pressure on him in order to prove he deserved his place in the sport, but if his showing in Bahrain was anything to go by, those worries have quickly been squashed. Despite setting an identical time to McLaren’s Lando Norris in Q1 who went through, Sargeant did not let that deter him come race day as he went on to finish P12. A strong first launch off the line set him up well for that result with team-mate Alex Albon scoring a point with his P10 finish. Sargeant's appearance on the grid signaled the end of a dry streak for the United States on the Formula One grid. As Williams displayed pace beyond what the team had initially expected, Sargeant reflected on a strong first race in Formula 1. He said: "I think really pleased with my first race. I feel like, you know everything operationally, from race start to pit-stops, VSC [Virtual Safety Car], everything went smoothly and really happy with the pace that me and Alex had today. "I think the team’s done an amazing job all weekend, just unlocking that pace. We probably didn’t expect where we were now compared to the test, and that’s just a massive testament to the work that the team has done. Super proud of everyone." Sargeant had a simple approach as he gained positions on the opening lap - and it paid off, laying the foundations for a race which he "loved" throughout. He added: "I just looked for the gaps and tried to fill them. I didn’t ask for too much! But yeah, it just fell my way. I really enjoyed it, I loved every second of it, I loved the on-track battles and it was it was super fun." Perhaps the only disappointment of the weekend for Sargeant was not making Q2, as like his team-mate Albon showed. The American racer, though, has already made it known that qualifying is a highlight of his race weekend. "You don’t want to get too greedy, it’s been a great weekend," he concluded, before adding: "I’m very happy with the way it went, I’m very happy with the pace we had. "Am I a little disappointed to miss Q2? Yes, because I know the car was capable of making it. So as a driver, that’s never the nicest feeling. But to be honest, that fuelled me, that gave me more motivation and I want to come back and be better next time."