In several top destinations around the globe, tourists are banned from taking selfies and could end up with a hefty fine for breaking the rules. From France to Spain, tourists will have to take care before grabbing a selfie. Matt Dahan, from ParrotPrints.com, said: “It’s now become second nature to take a selfie wherever we are to send to our friends and family, share on social media, or just keep as a memory for ourselves. “It’s difficult to imagine that some tourist hotspots around the world have actually banned anyone from taking a selfie. “Many destinations have forbidden visitors from snapping a picture of themselves for safety reasons - such as getting too close to dangerous animals in America or fears of electrocution in Japan.” Selfies are banned during the world-famous Running of the Bulls festival in the Spanish city of Pamplona. READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about ‘miserable’ excursion The rule is in place to stop tourists taking unnecessary risks and getting too close to the bulls which could be very dangerous. Half a dozen tourists were taken to hospital with injuries after 2022’s event although none of the six had been gored. Trying to take a selfie with a bull could land tourists with a fine of 3,000 euros (£2,562) which might not be worth the memento. A beach in southern France has banned tourists from taking selfies to stop people bragging about their holiday. Authorities at Garoupe beach want tourists to enjoy themselves in the moment rather than showing off in social media. Don't miss... Flight attendant shares ultimate tip to get 'royalty' treatment [INSIDER] Cheapest destination for a summer holiday named [INSPIRATION] Over 300 guests and crew fall ill on Ruby Princess crew [LATEST] Tourists are forbidden from taking selfies in the Jewel House at the Tower of London, where the Crown Jewels are kept. There are over 100 CCTV cameras watching over the jewels as well as guards, so any risk taking selfie snappers are likely to be caught straight away. There are several strict selfie rules in place at New York’s zoos, carnivals and circuses. Tourists aren’t allowed to take pictures with any of the city’ big cats after a huge rise in ‘tiger selfies’. Selfies are also forbidden at Lake Tahoe in California, due to the large number of wild bears in the area. Park officials were worried that tourists were getting too close to the bears in the hope of snapping a memory. READ MORE: Cruise guest shares ‘rule of thumb’ for choosing a cabin Saudi Arabia’s government has banned people from taking selfies while on the pilgrimage to Mecca. The authorities felt that selfies were taking away from the tranquillity required for worshipping at the site. Selfie stick selfies are banned across the West Japan Railway Company over fears of electrocution. The company issued a warning to customers of the risks of electrocution from the overhead wiring. Several countries have also issued warnings about risky selfies, following tragic accidents where tourists have lost their lives in pursuit of the perfect shot. From January 2008 to July 2021, around 379 people died in selfie related accidents with an average age of 23. Tourists should take particular care around heights and at cliff edges which can be very dangerous. Travellers should always follow the rules, stick to organised trails and heed any warning signs.