Arsenal are likely to sell loanees Albert Sambi Lokonga and Nuno Tavares this summer, according to reports. Mikel Arteta will also have a decision to make over three other members of his squad. Lokonga joined Crystal Palace on loan for the remainder of the season in January. The Belgian was struggling for game time at the Emirates and Arteta felt a loan was best for his development. He has impressed for the Eagles and starred in their goalless draw with Liverpool on Saturday. Tavares, meanwhile, has been a regular starter for Marseille this term after joining the French side last July. He has played as a left wing-back for the majority of the campaign and has shown his prowess in front of goal, scoring six times in Ligue 1. However, that may not be enough to convince Arteta he should be a long-term member of his squad. READ MORE: Keane gushes over 'next Grealish' as Tottenham and Newcastle battle for star   The Times claims both Tavares and Lokonga are likely to be sold at the end of the season. Arsenal want to recruit in midfield and at left-back, which would put the duo further down the pecking order. Tavares' performances in France may lead to interest in his signature, while Arsenal will hope Lokonga can continue to impress at Palace to ramp up his price tag. But they may not be the only players to leave the Emirates. The report says Arsenal may be willing to listen to offers for another left-back. Kieran Tierney has struggled for game time this season since the arrival of Oleksandr Zinchenko. Newcastle are interested in signing the former Celtic star. Arsenal would want at least the £25million they paid for him in 2019. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp finally given chance to start quartet togetherTottenham could sign four PSG stars as owners 'plan to clear out £100m'Chelsea could sign four PSG stars with 'mass exodus on cards'  Meanwhile, Arteta also has a decision to make over the futures of Emile Smith Rowe and Folarin Balogun. Smith Rowe has missed the majority of the campaign due to injury. After undergoing surgery on a groin issue, he then suffered a thigh problem upon his return. Smith Rowe played for the Arsenal under-23s on Monday and is likely to be in the squad to play Everton tonight. Meanwhile, Balogun is shining during a loan spell at Reims. Only Kylian Mbappe has scored more Ligue 1 goals than the striker this season. Balogun came through the academy at Arsenal but may not want to be third-choice striker upon his return to the club. Arteta may decide to cash in on a player who has received interest from across Europe.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here