Laura Jane Clark joined BBC Two's show Your Home Made Perfect in 2019. The award-winning architect and designer are joined by presenter Angela Scanlon and fellow architect Robert Jamison. Laura has a wealth of experience in design and architecture and for the first time has shared her knowledge with homeowners. On the show, Laura offers advice to those who are wanting to shake up their existing property, by showing them a virtual version of their brand-new home with extra wow factor before they commit to building. The architect is also known for sharing plenty of gorgeous home inspiration on her Instagram page. Laura has since shared that she would certainly consider fronting her own design show. READ MORE: Nina Warhurst headed to work with son after forgetting to drop him off "I might be. There might be something in the mix," she teased. "It's kind of bringing everything together - budget, gardens, interior, architecture." The architect placed emphasis on affordable budgets that viewers can also work with. Laura added: "I think there is a lack of that on TV at the moment." She went on to address the success of Your Home Made Perfect which has been a hit with viewers.  The architect has appeared on shows such as Ugly House to Lovely House, This Morning on ITV as an interiors expert, and alongside fellow famed-architect George Clarke on George Clarke's Amazing Spaces on Channel 4. Her own renovation of a derelict underground toilet in Crystal Palace which was transformed into a luxury apartment also featured on Grand Designs several years ago. "[Your Home Made Perfect] it's different from Grand Designs and that's why I love it," she explained. "That's why I was keen to do the show." She continued: "They're much smaller budgets and they really talk about design and there are takeaways for the viewer. "It gives people inspiration and I get lots of emails saying, 'I've watched your shows and I've really taken your ideas. It's really helped to look at our space.' I love that. "I love that you can share design knowledge with people and then they can get it and apply it to their own places. It's really important." The TV star has reason to celebrate ahead of the release of her new offering The Handbook of Home Design. The book offers room plans, case studies and practical tips to regenerate and revitalise your home without it costing a fortune. The Handbook of Home Design will be published on March 21 and aims to provide readers with the architectural solutions and designs to maximise the space in your homes. She also offers practical tips and tricks to help you create the "home of your dreams". Speaking about the book, Laura said: "I have noticed there is a real lack of architectural design in homes. And a lot of people come to me and they have worked with an architect or home designer and they'll say, 'we weren't really happy with the plans.' "They just feel a bit lost and I wanted to address that and give people the language and the ability and my own methodology of design to allow people to start drawing their own plans. Not necessarily to replace architects or to replace designers but to work with them." The Handbook of Home Design: An Architect’s Blueprint for Shaping your Home is available to pre-order now.