Rishi Sunak, who touched down in San Diego on Sunday, has vowed to increase defence spending by nearly £5billion over the next two years in response to hostile states. Speaking on NBC Monday night, the Prime Minister said China represents the biggest threat to the UK's economic interests and is a systemic challenge for the world order. “The behaviour that we’ve seen in China over recent times is concerning,” Sunak told journalist Lester Holt at the USS Midway Museum ahead of a summit with Joe Biden and Anthony Albanese to discuss the AUKUS pact. The Prime Minister also said Beijing is “acting in a more authoritarian fashion at home” and is “more assertive overseas”. “China represents the biggest state threat to our economic interests, for sure,” he added. “And it’s a systemic challenge for the world order.” Mr Sunak also shared his opinion on the origins of COVID-19 after recent reports from the FBI claimed the virus was “likely” to have come from a laboratory leak in China. “There's clearly questions that need to be answered,” he said. “I'd certainly say that and we haven't ruled anything out at this stage."  In the US 18 months after the AUKUS defence pact was struck, Sunak did not directly answer questions on how Britain would respond should China attack Taiwan. Pointing to the UK’s support for Ukraine, he said: “I think the best thing we can do to deter hostile action by any state anywhere is doing what we’re doing right now in Ukraine. “And that’s where we’ve seen an illegal, unprovoked invasion of Ukraine by Russia. And the right thing to have done in that circumstance is to provide Ukraine with all the support that it needs to defend itself.” The AUKUS pact aims to deliver nuclear-powered submarines to Canberra as part of a bid to counter China. READ MORE: 'Britain is back' Rishi Sunak jets to US to finalise defence deal Beijing called the submarine deal “a blatant act of nuclear proliferation” that undermines regional peace and stability. Sunak’s comments about China being “the biggest threat to our economic interests” also run at odds with Conservative MPs. Alicia Kearns, the Tory chair of the Commons foreign affairs committee, told the Prime Minister the threat from China should “not be seen as primarily economic”. “That is to fail to understand China is foremost seeking to undermine our national security and sovereignty,” she told the Guardian. “Because no county can have economic security without national security.” Don't miss... Fears of global 'domino effect' after SVB collapse [LATEST] Family 'desperate' as two sisters and friend go missing in Mexico [UPDATE] Moment Mexico volcano violently erupts blasting ash 1000 metres [VIDEO] Another Tory MP told Express.co.uk "the real test for the special relationship has to be movement on a trade deal". "There has never been any question of our security relationship with the US but clearly our trade relationship has become strained," they said. "The jury is out on whether Sunak has rekindled the special relationship." Sunak’s interview aired on ‘NBC Nightly News with Lester Holt’ tonight at 6.30pm ET, 5.30pm CT, and 10.30pm GMT. Follow our social media accounts here on https://www.facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @ExpressUSNews