Vladimir Putin has called an incident allegedly involving a Ukrainian unit made up of Russian soldiers in the Bryansk region on Thursday morning a “terrorist attack” as critics fear this is the latest “false flag operation” by the autocrat. After his state-controlled media reported that 50 Ukrainian reconnaissance soldiers crossed the border in the northeast and marched on two villages in the neighbouring Russian region - claims that appear to be untrue - Putin has addressed the nation to condemn the attack, using it as a platform to blame Ukraine. In his address, Putin said: “Another crime. They entered the border territory and opened fire on civilians. “They saw that it was a civilian car, that there were children sitting there. It was an ordinary field. They opened fire. “These are the kind of people who set themselves the task of depriving us of their history, depriving us of their traditions, language.” He also promised to “punish” the guilty, saying that nothing will work out for them, and they will be “pressed”. You can read the full story of the incident in the Bryansk region on Thursday morning here. Earlier on Thursday, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov allegedly reported that Putin had cancelled a planned trip to Stavropol “due to the situation in the Bryansk region”. Russia media reported that Peskov had been told Putin was calling an emergency meeting of the Security Council of the Russian Federation to discuss the “terrorist attack”. This claim has since been rebuked by the Kremlin, who said the meeting will take place as planned on Friday. READ MORE: Ukrainian forces capture Russian medic 'forced to drive tank'  But that did not stop Vladimir Putin delivering an address to the nation to label the unverified incident on Thursday morning as a “terrorist attack”. Hours before he spoke, footage was released on social media - the first images pertaining to the incident, despite hours of coverage - alleging to show the Russian Volunteer Corps near the entrance to a medical centre in the village of Liubechane. The men, part of a unit of the Territorial Defence of Ukraine formed in August 2022 from Russian right-wing volunteers, claim they crossed the border and are the reason for all the latest news about saboteurs. The RVC allegedly also released a statement, saying: “Right now on all Internet resources you can see news about the ‘Ukrainian DRG’ who killed children, took hostages, but at the same time hurriedly left and so on. All this is a lie of Kremlin propagandists.” DON'T MISS: Defiant pensioner blares siren outside Russian diplomat’s house [REPORT] Russia to imprison critics of illegal Wagner Group for up to 15 years  [REVEAL] Russian MPs call for 'counter-terrorist operation' after hostage claim [REPORT]   They added: “The Russian Volunteer Corps came to the Bryansk region to show compatriots that there is hope, that free Russian people with weapons in their hands can fight the regime. P.S. A little later, we will share with you a rebuttal film about our adventures.” If proven true that it was the RVC who carried out the march, it would mean that Vladimir Putin is deliberately capitalising on disinformation. Earlier this week, the Institute for the Study of War warned that Russian authorities “appear to be escalating their promotion of false flag operations”. They said it was to “distract from their lack of tangible battlefield gains and slow down the provision of Western tanks and other aid in advance of expected Ukrainian counter-offensives”. READ NEXT: Putin 'used at least 20 genocidal torture centres' in KhersonUK economy must grow or China and Russia will carve us upReal-life Romeo and Juliet from Russia and Ukraine flee Putin's war'We will never stop' Rebels vow new attacks after Russia spy plane hitLoud explosions heard as Crimea comes under attack  