Podcast host Zohreh Sadeghi and her husband Mohammed Naseri were killed by a crazed fan in a murder-suicide at their £1m home, police say. Trucker Ramin Khodakaramrezaei, 38, travelled nearly 2,000 miles from his home in Texas to Redmont, Oregon to carry out his psychotic plot. Sadeghi filed a restraining order against Khodakaramrezaei in early March for allegedly stalking her after he became enamoured with her through her podcast.  According to local reports, Khodakaramrezaei broke into the couple's home in Redmond, approximately 15 miles east of Seattle, and opened fire on Sadeghi and Naseri at 1.45am. Sadeghi's mother had reportedly clashed with the killer before fleeing to a neighbour to contact 911. Naseri was found standing in the doorway of the house before he collapsed to the ground. Redmond Police chief Darrell Lowe said he was taken out of the house and officers realised he had been shot in the chest. Paramedics attempted to revive him but he was pronounced dead at the scene. Sadeghi and her stalker were found inside the home. Redmond PD spokeswoman Jill Green said Khodakaramrezaei had turned the gun on himself after murdering the podcast host he had been obsessed with for "many months." Sadeghi contacted the police in December as the stalking intensified and filed for a restraining order only last week. Green said: "Apparently he got to know her because of a podcast that she was doing and they struck up kind of a friendship, talked. "But then he began to just send a lot of messages to the point that she decided to disengage and talk to us and our investigators in getting a restraining order." The police official said Texas authorities had tried to serve Khodakaramrezaei with the order but were unable to locate the trucker. Green added: “It’s just unfortunate that the stalking ended in such a tragic way." Court documents show Sadeghi had continued to report Khodakaramrezaei's behaviour to the police as late as February 21, 2023. The files showed the crazed stalker repeatedly sent the podcast host presents, including a scarf he sent on February 20, 2023. In the records, Sadeghi said she had met personally with her killer in 2022 but their "friendship" had quickly turned sinister. DON'T MISS: Alex Murdaugh claims he's a victim of 'vitriol and misguided attacks'  [INSIGHT] Insane moment murder suspect escapes courtroom after huge blunder [VIDEO] Lawyer silences court as he calls client 'b****' in strange defence [CRIME] The petition read: "He has bursts of anger and is completely delusional. These delusions make me fear for my life and the lives of my loved ones." She added: "He contacted my husband and continues to do so. He has come to my neighbourhood several times, staying at inns around my neighbourhood, he has parked down my street in hopes of seeing me. "I am suffering a deep-seated fear for my safety." Her legal team included logs of the persistent calls Khodakaramrezaei put in attempting to contact her. After being spotted near the property, the 38-year-old had been repeatedly cautioned to stay away but he would regularly lodge in motels near Sadeghi and Naseri's home. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews