March is a great time for gardeners to get back out into the garden to get it ready for the growing season ahead. While the weather may still be chilly, there are plenty of jobs to ensure the garden is ready for spring and summer. According to experts, there are 10 important jobs Britons should start doing now. Chris Bonnett from GardeningExpress.co.uk said: “Spring is just around the corner and if you want to have a gorgeous garden then you should start working on it now. “The days are getting brighter and longer so it’s a perfect time to keep on top of weeds, prepare your soil and start nurturing the lawn. “If you find there’s still some cold snaps where you live then you may want to put off certain jobs like planting summer bulbs. There’s still plenty to get on with though, like cleaning your patio and tidying your lawn.” When spring sets in, the soil will start to warm up, making it a great time to plant some bulbs so that they are ready for summer. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening ‘mistakes’ to avoid this spring There’s a variety of bulbs to plant including roses, gladioli, begonias and lilies. According to the expert, they will give gardeners a “beautiful and bright” garden for entertaining. The gardening expert said: “Unfortunately, as plants start to arrive in spring, so do weeds. Weeds tend to germinate in the spring so tackling them now means you may be able to prevent them from fully sprouting.” To tackle the garden, weed a small section at a time to make sure none are missed as they could set seed again. Slugs and snails love warm weather and so Britons could see an influx of them in their gardens during the spring and summer. DON'T MISS:Five common lawn ‘mistakes’ to avoid making now [COMMENT]Laundry expert shares seven steps to stop clothing going bobbly [EXPERT]I used baking soda to clean discoloured bathroom grout in 30 minutes [PICTURES] It is best to take precautions now and start scattering slug and snail pellets before they ruin the garden, making sure to keep pets and children away fro them. Chris continued: “If you’re hoping to grow some veg this year then now is a good time to prep and improve the soil. Most vegetables grow best in rich soil and you can enrich yours by adding things like bark, manure and grass clippings.” Most potatoes will need planting in April but certain varieties, such as rocket potatoes, can be planted earlier, towards the end of March. This will make them ready to harvest in around June or July. Rocket potatoes are considered to be one of the better varieties because they are great for boiling, according to the pro. READ MORE: Six effective methods to ‘deter’ foxes from your garden Gardeners should also prioritise perennials in pots at this time of year as they will need some care, including taking out the top layer of compost and replacing it. This can help to give the plants a good boost, giving them the best chance ahead of the flowering season. Another vegetable that Britons can get ready to plant in March are onions, which need fairly dry and warm soil. Planting them in March can give gardeners a nice harvest in late summer or early autumn. Chris continued: “For those hoping to grow their own fruit this year, why not try growing strawberries. Planting now gives you a harvest around early summer. “Strawberries are ripe and ready to harvest when they’re bright red, however, it's worth noting that they don’t remain fresh for too long once ripe, so eat them sooner rather than later.” March is a great time to prepare the lawn for the season ahead, so make sure to tidy up the edges and prepare any new areas for sowing grass. Gardeners should also treat unwanted moss that has grown throughout the winter, getting rid of weeds at the same time too. The gardening pro noted: “After the winter months, there’s probably a build-up of dirt and grime so the beginning of spring is a good time to get this all cleaned. This can be done with a jet wash, or by mixing water and vinegar together and scrubbing with a garden broom.”