Sickening footage captured the moment a teenage girl appeared to be kicked repeatedly in the head outside a Scottish school as an adult woman seemed to cheer on the attacker. The brutal incident outside Kirkcaldy High School in Fife on March 3 saw a woman rushed to hospital and suffering multiple seizures. A disturbing clip, believed to be from the incident, has gone viral. The video, obtained by the Daily Record, appears to show the teenager on the ground being kicked and punched repeatedly. Other pupils from the school crowd around, filming the brutal scene on their phones. An adult woman appears to be egging them on from the sidelines. She is heard referring to one the victim as "it" as she appears to say "kick its c**t in." She appears to say: "Pull its hood, kick its c**t in! Pull it by its hood, that's it!" "Drag it to the ground, to the ground, punch its face in.” A woman appears to be repeatedly kneed in the face and pulled to the ground before she then suffers a series of blows to her torso, as another grabs her hood and strikes her fists downwards. While another girl attempts at one point to step in and break up the fight, she is stopped and pushed away by the woman. Onlookers were eventually able to tear them apart. READ MORE: 'My parents made a typo on my birth certificate' [REVEAL] However, even as she's pulled away from the scene, the grils seems to lunge in again, kicking the victim in the head and knocking her unconscious. The clip stops as the crowd is seen gathering around the knocked-out teenager, who was reportedly then rushed to hospital. While there, she suffered several seizures from her injuries, according to reports. A local source said: "She was in hospital but she was released later that night after suffering multiple seizures from the kick to the head." Officers from Police Scotland confirmed they are investigating the video. Inquiries currently remain ongoing and there have been no arrests. Don't miss... 'Well-liked' school worker drops dead in playground [REVEAL] Man threatens to kill passengers and stab flight attendant with spoon [INSIGHT] Surfer 'felt his foot hit back of his leg' after encounter with seal [ANALYSIS] The clip was described as "sickening" by local MSP Willie Rennie, who particularly raised concern over the adult's conduct in the video. The Liberal Democrat leader said: "Sickening, just sickening. I hope the woman can look at herself in the mirror knowing that she condones this behaviour." A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "Around 1.30pm on Friday, 3 March, 2023, police were made aware of a disturbance in the Dunnikier Way area of Kirkcaldy. Enquiries are ongoing." Deborah Davidson, Education Manager at Fife Council, said: "I can confirm there was an incident at Kirkcaldy High School on Friday. This is now a police matter and therefore it'd be inappropriate for us to comment further. "I would add that aggression and violence are not tolerated in any of our schools. Through our engagement with young people and families we continue to reinforce the impact and fallout of bullying and physical violence."