Manchester United legend Paul Scholes claimed this week that Marcus Rashford is not a leader. The striker did not take the chance to stand up when his team needed him against Southampton on Sunday. Rashford has been in scintillating form since the World Cup. He has been banging in the goals as the Red Devils compete on all four fronts. But he was unable to make the difference when Saints came to town. Southampton arrived at Old Trafford bottom of the Premier League. United's task was made tougher in the 34th minute when Casemiro was given a straight red card following a VAR review. The hosts were still favourites to pick up all three points due to their fine record at home this season and their superiority in the table. But they needed their leaders to stand up after losing an instrumental figure like Casemiro. It was the perfect time for Rashford to prove Scholes wrong.  Read more... Lineker set to return to BBC for FA Cup and MOTD after breakthrough [LATEST] However, he was unable to rally the troops. In fact, he may have added more weight to the former midfielder's argument. It was the first time Rashford hadn't scored at Old Trafford for eight league matches. It wasn't just in front of goal where Rashford wasn't at his best. The England star also appeared to dive in an attempt to win a penalty with 15 minutes of the match remaining. Replays did Rashford no favours - not something you expect from a leader. Scholes made the comment about the 25-year-old following the Europa League win over Real Betis on Thursday. He said on BT Sport: "I don’t really see him as a leader.  Don't miss... Alan Shearer and Ian Wright return to TV a day after boycotting BBC [LATEST] Man Utd players wearing black armbands vs Southampton explained [LATEST] Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag hits out at VAR over penalty claim [LATEST] "I think he’s a leader by performance but not quite vocal or as a character as a captain should be. One thing we have to say about Rashford is that he’s been brilliant this season. He’s turned his career around in the space of time, in three-quarters of the season." Former United star Owen Hargreaves disagreed and said he can see Rashford growing into a leadership role. He said: "I think he’s [Rashford] not your typical Bryan Robson, [Eric] Cantona, that type, but he’s the star player – he’s been brilliant this season. "He could have that responsibility and grow into the role. I wouldn’t mind seeing that. He’s produced after coming out of a really difficult phase and he’s obviously the future of this football club. "I think giving him more responsibility wouldn’t be a bad thing, he could grow into it, I think captains are a lot different from what they were when we played." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 