Kate, the Princess of Wales uses a special phrase to curb unruliness from Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. A royal insider told author Tom Quinn the Princess of Wales has "drummed" the sentence into the children to ensure they heed her demands to stay calm. The author noted Kate was likely pushed into adopting a diplomatic parenting approach as she and the children face quite a lot of scrutiny in public. Writing in his new book Gilded Youth, the royal author said: "When they misbehave in public, every detail is noted by the press. "This can bring both praise and blame and it is easy to imagine the difficulties involved in trying to live in the glare of this level of scrutiny. "When Prince Louis misbehaved at the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee, for example, by sticking his tongue out at his mother and then putting his hand over her mouth. "Kate's reaction was praised by teams of expert commentators. She apparently used a secret code to calm the children as she does on occasions—she simply says, 'Let's take a break." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan to be evicted from Frogmore Cottage as King hands it to Prince Andrew A royal aide told Quinn that the Princess of Wales made sure George, Charlotte and Louis know they would face consequences back at home if they ignore her warnings. They argued the parenting technique shows Kate is good at setting "boundaries" for the children and "not nearly such a pushover as she might look." The palace aide said: "The children know these few words carry far more weight than we might imagine. "It's been drummed into the children that when Mummy says, 'Let's take a break,' she actually means, 'This is very serious and if you don't stop mucking about and embarrassing me, there will be consequences when we get back to the palace'." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry look to 'upstage' Coronation with major royal update They added: "That's why it works. If Kate says there will be consequences, then there really will be. "She is good at boundaries and not nearly such a pushover as she might look." Kate and Prince William have been repeatedly praised for their hands-on approach to parenting, and for ensuring their children's privacy is protected at all times. While the couple has recently included George and Charlotte in family events, their day-to-day lives are still shielded away as much as possible from the public. The Prince and Princess of Wales took additional steps to guarantee their brood a relatively calm childhood by moving to Windsor last year. The family of five settled into Adelaide Cottage, in Windsor's Great Park, with George and Charlotte moving from their Battersea school to Lambrook. And four-year-old Louis started reception classes at the same school as his elder siblings. The three all took part in the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations last summer – with Prince Louis winning over royal fans with his endearingly cheeky behaviour. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews