 Police cordons remain in place where Jordan Briscoe was attacked in Tottenham. Briscoe was attacked last night on Arnold Road and police and emergency services rushed to the scene around 10:17pm. The man was found with a number of stab wounds and rushed to a nearby hospital where he died later that night.   While formal identification has not taken place, the Metropolitan Police believe the man found dead last night is Jordan Briscoe. Briscoe’s family has been notified about the tragic incident and are being supported by specialist officers, a statement from the Met announced. A homicide investigation has been launched, led by Detective Chief Inspector Linda Bradley of Specialist Crime who has expressed her sympathies following the “tragic killing”. Chief Inspector Bradley also added that a number of local members of public have already spoken with the force about the incident and she urged anyone with information to come forward to aid the investigation. READ MORE: Desperate hunt for child heard screaming ‘help me’ from moving car   Anyone with information or any witnesses are asked to call the incident room on 020 8358 1010 or via 101 or Tweet @MetCC quoting reference CAD 6900/05Mar. To remain anonymous, contact Crimestoppers. DCI Bradley, said: “My heartfelt sympathies go to Jordan’s family and friends. Specialist support is in place to help them, and I can assure them that my colleagues and I will do everything possible to bring to justice anyone involved in this tragic killing. “Cordons are in place as officers conduct detailed forensic enquiries in the local area. Searches are taking place and extensive enquiries are under way to obtain all CCTV footage that may assist the investigation.  Don't miss... 'Concerns' mount for over 60s free NHS prescriptions during MP debate [REVEAL] Meghan and Harry left 'isolated' as they struggle to get 'invites'  [LATEST] Jurors 'read through' Murdaugh as he could turn crying 'on and off' [INSIGHT]  “I am appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious in and around Arnold Road, Philip Lane and the surrounding area to get in touch. A number of local people have already spoken with officers to tell us what they saw or heard. I thank them for their support, and urge others to come forward to police or, if they wish to remain anonymous, to contact Crimestoppers.” Detective Chief Superintendent Caroline Haines, in charge of local policing for the Met’s North Area Command Unit, said: “Officers working at the scene have been speaking with local people, including making house to house enquiries. I urge anyone with information or concerns about crime in the area to speak with those officers. “I have met with partners and community representatives this afternoon to share what we know and to listen to their concerns and suggestions. I am committed to ensuring that we continue working together in the coming days as the investigation progresses.”  