Jean-Claude Juncker launched a scathing attack on Boris Johnson, calling him "a piece of work". The former President of the European Commission also said he regretted not disputing claims made by Mr Johnson during the Brexit referendum but was told not to do so by former PM David Cameron. During a speech at a global soft power summit in Westminster this morning, the former PM said he will "find it very difficult" to vote for the agreement his successor but one struck with the EU. The deal is expected to reduce friction between the UK and Northern Ireland, mitigating some of the longstanding issues with the Protocol. Speaking about Mr Johnson, Mr Juncker said: "I had better relations with all the Prime Ministers of Britain I've known, starting with John Major, Tony Blair, Gordon Brown, even David Cameron, then mainly Theresa May, who was a lady... "And Boris Johnson was a piece of work, someone you cannot categorise, in normal definitions, but I liked him as a person."  Speaking about Mr Sunak's new deal on the EU earlier today, Mr Johnson said: "I'm conscious I'm not going to be thanked for saying this, but I think it is my job to do so: we must be clear about what is really going on here. "This is not about the UK taking back control, and although there are easements this is really a version of the solution that was being offered last year to Liz Truss when she was foreign secretary. "This is the EU graciously unbending to allow us to do what we want to do in our own country, not by our laws but by theirs." The Prime Minister finalised the Windsor Framework with EU chief Ursula von der Leyen on Sunday in a bid to end years of tensions over the Northern Ireland Protocol.  The deal removes barriers on trade across the Irish Sea and hands a "veto" to politicians in Stormont on EU law - but it still includes a role for the European Court of Justice. The powerful European Research Group - made up of eurosceptic Tory backbenchers - are currently weighing up whether or not to support the deal. ERG Chairman Mark Francois said Tory Brexiteers will take at least two weeks to scrutinise Mr Sunak's Brexit deal with an "extremely fine-tooth comb".  But he warned that the process could take longer as the PM faces an anxious wait to see if Conservative Eurosceptics and the DUP back his agreement. The ERG is convening Sir Bill Cash's so-called "star chamber" of lawyers to examine the pact before deciding whether to get behind it. 