Piers Morgan has tipped Arsenal defender Oleksandr Zinchenko as a surprise contender for the Premier League Player of the Season award. The TV personality and supporter also reserved praise for two other members of Mikel Arteta's title-challenging squad amid a tight battle with Manchester City at the summit. Arsenal moved five points clear as Premier League leaders on Wednesday night, beating Everton 4-0 at the Emirates Stadium. This weekend, they could stretch that advantage as Man City host Newcastle United and AFC Bournemouth visit north London. This season, the Gunners' impressive exploits have launched Arteta's key stars into the frame for the Premier League Player of the Season award. And Morgan believes that while Bukayo Saka and Martin Odegaard are worthy contenders, Zinchenko should be in the conversation. He told talkSPORT: "For me, potentially along with Saka and Odegaard, the player of the season for us and maybe the Premier League has been Zinchenko. JUST IN: Harry Kane had a howler as emergency Tottenham keeper after hat-trick  "Pep Guardiola said he was surplus to requirements. His heat map last night is absolutely insane. That guy was supposed to be left-back, and he was absolutely everywhere." A Man City player has won the award in the last three seasons - Kevin De Bruyne twice on either side of Ruben Dias. Thierry Henry was the last Arsenal player to receive the honour in 2006, the second time in three years. Patrick Viera and Freddie Ljungberg are the Gunners' other recipients, who Saka, Odegaard, or Zinchenko could join later this year. DON'T MISS Man Utd stars could earn huge payday with bonuses for quadrupleLuis Enrique has already hinted issue may deny him taking Chelsea jobMount's true feelings on Chelsea contract emerge as Liverpool close in Morgan has been one of Arteta's biggest critiques throughout his tenure as Arsenal boss, regularly demanding his sacking amid tough spells. But he now believes the Spaniard has turned the club into champions again, describing this season's side as their strongest since the Invincibles in 2004. "I remember the Wenger title-winning teams, and there were no weaknesses on the pitch, and I feel that again. That's why I'm excited about our chances of winning the league," Morgan explained. "We are up against City, who have this amazingly deep squad, but I don't think they are as good as they have been. I think we are as strong as we have been since 2004." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here