Emergency services have descended on a shopping centre and have turned cars away. A number of police officers have been spotted outside West Orchards Shopping Centre in Coventry city centre today.  The incident has occurred in the area of Ironmonger Row, outside the back entrance to West Orchards. An ambulance is also at the scene. Security guards have shut off one of the exits, reports Coventry Live, meaning people are being told to go the other way. According to reports, the incident involved paramedics, who were called to concerns for the welfare of a man at the Coventry shopping centre. A 999 call was first made at 11.23am today. A spokesman for West Midlands Ambulance Service said: "We were called to concerns for a patient's welfare near Smithford Way in Coventry at 11.23am. "One ambulance and paramedic officer are currently at the scene. More information will be provided when available." A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: “We've been called following concerns for the welfare of a man at the top of West Orchards car park. We're speaking with the man as we seek to bring about a safe conclusion.” Commenting on the incident, the Centre Manager for West Orchards, Andy Talbot said they are currently "assisting" police. Mr Talbot said: "We are assisting police with an ongoing incident."    We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. Please check back regularly for updates on this developing story . Get email updates on the day’s biggest stories straight to your inbox by signing up for our newsletters . Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you by following Express every time you see our name. Follow Express on Google News. Follow Express on Apple News. Follow Express on Flipboard. You can follow us and sign up for Twitter alerts here @daily_express. Keep up-to-date with your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day by following us on Facebook at 