A woman shared a heartbreaking message after her husband went missing two weeks ago. Nathan Millard was meant to be on a work trip for just 24 hours, but after leaving for his hotel he disappeared. Millard was last seen on February 22, and was cut off by the bar at around 11.30pm that night. Now, after weeks with no sign of the man, his wife Amber said: “My mind has been going nonstop, but I can’t let my mind torture me, and I’m just turning it over to God and prayer, prayer, prayer, staying positive. “He’s a loved man, a great man and we need him, we want him home.” Amber last spoke with her husband when he FaceTimed her to show her the seats he and his client secured for a Louisana State University Tigers game. “It was not anything I ever thought would be my last call,” she told 11Alive. The father to four teenage boys and a 7-year-old daughter went to scout out a prospective job site in Baton Rouge, Louisiana for his company. Concerns were raised when Millard failed to show up for a job with the client at 8 am the following day. An hour later, the client went to the hotel and requested a wellness check. But the staff at the Courtyard Marriott hotel said his room was empty, and it looked like no one had slept there. READ MORE: Alex Murdaugh handed two life sentences for killing wife and son The client said he stayed behind at the bar to close up the tab and saw Nathan leave on his own. His wallet and phone were reportedly found several blocks away from the hotel, but there's been no other sign of Millard. According to Millard's friend Matt Still, the missing man's family said police showed them footage of someone using his debit card. Authorities reportedly told the family that the card was used several times following his disappearance, Still told Fox News Digital. "It's just shocking to me with the details,” Still said. “When you look at where his phone was found, when you look at where his ATM card was attempted to use and just how it's completely off the path of where he would have gone from the bar to the hotel". Baton Rouge police told WBRZ that they are using video surveillance in an effort to locate the missing executive. They are also employing the use of "grid searches" which is commonly used in these situations. "You look at a particular area, and you look for patterns of where that person could have gone," BRPD spokesman L'Jean McKneely told WBRZ. Police said at one point that they suspected that there could be an element of foul play, but now they are unsure. "It's open-ended, so we don't want to say what it is or what it isn't," McKneely said.