The UK has an incredible number of free attractions and many of the country’s museums and galleries are free to explore. GO Outdoors has found the most popular free attractions across the UK. READ MORE: Travel expert explains how to keep ‘documents secure’ The UK’s most popular free attraction was Windsor Great Park which had a whopping 5.4 million visitors in 2021. The gorgeous park has been connected to the Royal Family for over 1,000 years and spans 2,020 hectares. Windsor Great Park’s website states: “There is a fascinating royal heritage at Windsor Great Park that’s just waiting to be discovered. “When you wander through the Great Park you’ll encounter royal residences, formal gardens and trees that have stood for over 1,000 years.” Don't miss... Tripadvisor names most popular holiday destination in Spain [INSPIRATION] Cruise ship astronomer shares the ‘best spot’ to see the stars [INSIDER] Cruise expert warns guests of ‘most forgotten’ item to pack [WARNING] Windsor Great Park was used as a hunting ground by William the Conqueror and Queen Victoria entertained guests there. The park is free to enter and is open for pedestrians from dawn to dusk, although the deer park opens at 7:30am. A tourist who visited wrote on Tripadvisor: “Beautiful to see Windsor Castle nestling in the park.” Another person said: “Huge and very green, open area to walk my lovely dogs. Quite a long distance, but you don’t need to walk it all.” READ MORE: Cruise expert warns guests of ‘most forgotten’ item to pack London’s fascinating Science Museum was the second most popular attraction and a perfect family day out. Tourists will need to pay for exhibitions but the museum’s permanent collection is free to experience. Jeskyns Community Woodland in Cobham took third place and covers 330 acres with a mix of walking trails and children’s play areas. The forest is free to visit but tourists will need to pay for parking at the popular Kent attraction. London’s Imperial War Museum also made the list with 320,000 visits recorded throughout 2021. Visitors can learn about the history of war and weaponry and entry is free although they may have to pay for exhibitions. Two Oxford attractions made the list. The Bodleian Library is the UK’s second largest library and one of Europe’s oldest. At the university’s Museum of Natural History, tourists can get to grips with the world's natural wonders.