The Chinese zodiac is represented by 12 different animals, all with different characteristics and personality traits. According to Chinese astrology, Rooster is the meanest animal of all. Astrology site Your Chinese Astrology stated: "Diligence and frugality are a good habit and it's not wrong to be saving, but money is to be spent while it should be. "Being stingy will only make your friends despise you. Then which Chinese zodiac sign is the meanest?" According to the experts, when it comes to meanness, "Rooster rightly ranks the top". Rooster is characteristically ungenerous, astrologers say, and are not keen to part with their money. READ MORE: 'Luckiest' sign' according to Chinese zodiac "Chinese people would use 'an iron cock' to express a stingy person - this is right on the button." Rooster is an intelligent and quick-witted sign so usually does not struggle to make money. They also have an expert ability to save. However, this does not mean that Rooster is happy to splash the cash on family, friends and experiences. Indeed, "thrifty" Rooster would "choose the cheapest no matter what they buy". Don't miss... Face yoga for a 'softer' face and 'natural glow' - no 'worry lines' [EXPERT]  Harry is 'determined' to be a 'complete contrast' to other royal [EXCLUSIVE] Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  [PICTURES] If on the rare occasion that they purchase something for someone else, they'll remember it forever. Astrologers stated: "They are very mean to others and would calculate every expenditure for a long time." "Rooster people pay special attention to money and one of their hobbies is counting money secretly in their rooms," as reported by Your Chinese Astrology. But Rooster isn't the only stingy sign, with Rat, Tiger and Snake also sharing this negative characteristic. READ MORE: Four Chinese zodiac signs are more 'attractive' than others According to Chinese astrology Rat is a miser, someone who hoards their wealth and refuses to spend. Reportedly ungenerous by nature, Rat "watches their wallets so closely that no one can cash in on their money". Rat's reluctance to spend means they are great for finding a bargain but not the best when their loved ones are in need. Tiger can be misleading, as they are seen by outsiders as "passionate, lively and generous". However, this sign can also be pretty "stingy" when it comes to money - which their family and friends know all too well. Finally, according to Your Chinese Astrology, Snake values money "above all else" and can be "cunning" about it too. Snake would rather borrow than lend, so those offering Snake financial help should "be careful". This sign is also not afraid of getting in arguments about money, often getting into "quarrels" over who owes who.