Manchester United may just have landed their next Alejandro Garnacho in the form of 16-year-old wonderkid Gabriele Biancheri. The majestic Welsh teenage talent was recently snapped up from Cardiff City, where he was making waves within the Bluebirds' youth sides with his goalscoring pedigree - even training with their U21s - on his way to wowing United's recruitment staff. Biancheri spent nine years with the Championship outfit before landing his dream move to Old Trafford and it appears he is already well on his way to making the grade with the Red Devils after making an instant impact on his debut. United will reportedly hand Biancheri a long-term contract when he turns 17 with the view that he could be an important player for the future as they successfully ousted a number of other Premier League sides for his signature. Just four days after signing for his new club, he came off the bench to net for United's U18s in their 3-3 draw with Leeds United. Having initially been named on the bench, the Wales U17 international entered the fray and bagged his first goal for the Red Devils, putting his side 3-1 up. READ MORE: Man Utd rocked by Raphael Varane injury scare ahead of crunch Liverpool clash Unfortunately for United, they would later surrender their two-goal lead late in the day as the Whites snatched a point. Biancheri showcased his lethal finishing by firing home from a tight angle and the goal will surely do his confidence the world of good. There is a sense that United have got their hands on a special talent - one that could yet follow in the footsteps of the likes of Marcus Rashford, Mason Greenwood and Garnacho by making his way into the first-team picture. It's still very early days but the signs are very promising and on the basis of the impression he has left of United's scouts, Biancheri has the potential to be as good as all of them. DON'T MISSLuis Enrique appointment could help reignite careers of three Chelsea strugglersMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightLiverpool have seven names on centre-back wish-list as Chelsea and Everton stars impress Reds The youngster made a difficult decision leaving his boyhood club but now he is pursuing his dreams of making it at the top level. He wrote in a personal message to the Bluebirds upon signing for United: "After more than nine years, my time with Cardiff has come to an end. I’d like to thank all of my coaches for helping me become the player and person I am today and to all my teammates. I’ll forever be thankful for the opportunity I’ve had at this club." Biancheri is a sharp, pacy forward with an eye for goal and he will be looking to make a name for himself behind the scenes at Carrington to follow in the footsteps of some of his peers that he will be walking past in the corridors of the training ground. He has even been playing in high age groups because of his prolific form at youth level, hitting 17 goals in 11 matches for Cardiff's U16s. Yet even when he made the step up, Biancheri has made scoring goals look easy after making his debut for Cardiff U21s against Wolves - bagging seven goals in 12 games this season prior to his move to Old Trafford. There is also the added bonus for the young striker that David Hughes is now a development coach for United and he was Cardiff's academy manager for one year between 2021 and 2022 - meaning he knows Biancheri well. Erik ten Hag has shown a tendency to embed a number of youngsters into his first-team picture since arriving at Old Trafford, meaning the opportunities are there to be earned. The Dutchman has been an integral force behind Garnacho's breakthrough Old Trafford season with the Argentine now among the stars of his Red Devils side after netting in the midweek FA Cup win over West Ham. Kobbie Mainoo and Charlie McNeill have also been handed their United first-team debuts under Ten Hag having featured in both the Carabao Cup and Europa League, respectively.