Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is being urged to examine the Money Purchase Annual Allowance (MPAA) which can affect someone’s pension. Reports suggest Mr Hunt is looking to entice over 55s back to the workplace in his upcoming Budget and reform of the MPAA could be the tax-saving measure to do so. Introduced in 2015, the pension allowance restricts the amount someone can contribute to their retirement fund to £4,000 a year if they have already accessed their pot. This measure comes into effect once older people start to access their pension savings for the first time. Currently, the pension allowance is set at £4,000 annually for each taxpayer however it has been as high as £10,000. Those who breach this allowance threshold may have to pay a tax charge to the Government as a consequence. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance In comparison, the yearly amount someone can contribute to their pension before they start to access it is £40,000. Research from Canada Life has shown that the MPAA has created a pensions tax trap for millions of over 55s. As it stands, public awareness of the pension allowance is very low with 62 percent having never heard of it and only 35 percent of people being aware of it. Of this latter group, only 11 percent of those polled were able to correctly identify what the MPAA was when tested. Concerns have been raised that Jeremy Hunt’s plans to get over 55s back into the workplace could be scuppered as many will have accessed their pension pot. As a result, thousands of older Britons will be unable to make the same pension contributions that they once did. With this in mind, retirement analysts are recommending the Treasury consider reform of the MPAA as a way to entice workers in their 50s and 60s to either remain in or return to employment. Andrew Tully, Technical Director at Canada Life, broke down the “big difference” reform of the MPAA could make to people’s lives. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing He explained: “There’s a clear risk here, not just to high earners, but to people on average incomes, who have needed to tap into their retirement savings over the past few years. “As they resume their working lives, automatically joining a workplace pension and recommencing saving for retirement, they unwittingly face being hit with a tax charge. “A small change to the rules could make a big difference and could even save the Treasury some money.” The financial expert emphasised that an “unfair tax charge” is being levied on thousands of over 55s as a result of the pension allowance. Mr Tully added: “The original impact assessment showed a net gain to the Treasury of around £75million when they cut the allowance. “But the cost of increasing it back again could be offset through increased employment, economic productivity and tax receipts. “Our research shows a small adjustment to the rules could prevent an unfair tax charge being imposed on people it was never intended to hit in the first place.” The Chancellor’s Spring Budget will be announced later this month on Wednesday, March 15, 2023