Many Only Fools and Horses fans flocked to Milton Keynes for the yearly convention which first started back in 2019. During the event, people were treated by meeting the star of the show Sir David Jason and other special guests from the show, including Sue Holderness. First airing back in 1981, the BBC sitcom kept audiences entertained for years as viewers watched two Peckham brothers Del Boy(played by David Jason) and Rodney (Nicholas Lyndhurst), try to get rich. Ending the series in 2003, the comedy ran for seven seasons and produced nearly 20 Christmas specials. Despite the show coming to an end two decades ago, it still holds a massive fanbase with people meeting every year at the Only Fools and Horses convention. This year, David Jason attended the event where people got to pose in the Trotter flat with the cockney legend and ask the actor questions during an onstage talk. READ MORE:Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction'  Along with David, other stars attend the event including Sue Holderness who played the hilarious Marlene Boyce in the show. Taking to Twitter on Saturday, the actress shared a snap of the duo as the 73-year-old captioned the photo of them both: “So lovely to be with Sir DJ again.” It wasn’t long before her social media followers flooded the comment section of the snap delighted to see the two co-stars reunite once again. YDraigGoch10 commented: “Wonderful photograph of two British sitcom legends.”  Jsambler added: “Aw, that's a lovely photo. What would Marlene and Del be up to these days I wonder?” Kay9514 said: “Beautiful legends in a frame.” Fan ria_d1983 tweeted: “How lovely, would be amazing if the two of you were to do a one-off only fools and horses reminiscing episode so we knew what really went on between del and Marlene.” AJ_LFC suggested: “Secretly filming just one more episode? I can dream.”  Don't miss... Emmerdale's Victoria Barton relives rape trauma after big night out [LATEST] GMB fans blast ITV over Prince Harry and Meghan coronation coverage [LATEST] Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex comforts Vanessa after emotional skate [LATEST]  Twitter user Crambo7214 added: “Two absolute legends from the best programme to have ever graced British TV. X” Although the series provided years of light humour, the actress revealed in the Channel 5 documentary Only Fools and Horses: Secrets and Scandals, that there was nearly once a huge incident with an alligator. In one of the festive specials, some of the cast jet-setted to the Everglades with one scene featuring Del Boy and Rodney sitting on a log with the reptile behind them. Sue explained in the documentary the animal was being controlled by a man behind the scenes called Shaun. Although the initial plan was for the reptile to spook the two brothers and run off towards food off-screen, that didn’t go as planned.    The alligator didn’t stop at the bowl of food, however, Sue was filming on her own camera which meant she wasn’t aware of what had happened. Sue said: “I’d lost the alligator in my camera and it was about two feet from me. “Shaun, the chap who was supposed to be in charge had leapt on its tail, grabbed its jaws shut and was wrapping this thing around it. “I nearly died of fear. In fact, I nearly died not only of fear... I could’ve been eaten by an alligator.”  