Damon (played by Ciaran Griffiths) was using the Bistro as a front for a few months after Nick (Ben Price) accepted money from Harvey Gaskell (Will Mellor), unaware it was actually Damon's. Nick kept this a secret from Leanne (Jane Danson), but when she and Sam (Jude Riordan) learned of his mistake they thought it best if he moved out of their Coronation Street home for a while. Sam was heartbroken to find out that his dad had turned to Harvey in his time of need, considering he was the one who killed his mum. Trying to move on from the news and get back to normal, upcoming scenes reveal that Sam and Hope Stape's (Isabella Flanagan) friendship reaches a new level. Official spoilers confirm that when Tyrone Dobbs (Alan Halsall) reveals that Sam and Hope are now an item, Nick is reminded of how much he misses his son. Unable to ask his own father, Sam cadged money off Tyrone for the cinema tickets, before the pair set off on their date. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers When a despondent Nick admits that neither Sam nor Leanne want anything to do with him, Sarah Barlow (Tina O'Brien) has an idea. Will Sarah be able to reunite Leanne and Sam? Will Nick's drive to try and get Leanne and Sam back just push them away even more? Sam and Hope have been best friends for a while now after she helped with Sam's mutism after the death of his mother Natasha Blakeman (Rachel Leskovac). She decided to give Sam a walkie-talkie and sit in a separate room from Sam so he didn't become overwhelmed with people's responses and reactions to what he was saying. They have grown closer since then after Sam helped Hope with her revenge place after Cilla the Chinchilla's death. Their sweet relationship is taking a new leap as in the cafe they agreed that they are now boyfriend and girlfriend. Sam asked: "Do you want another milkshake?" to which Hope declined as she needed to go and tidy her room. Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] Sam added: "Thanks for coming with me, really helps talking to you. Are you my girlfriend?" to which Hope looked confused and replied: "I don't know." Needing clarification on the matter, Sam asked Summer Spellman (Harriety Bibby) who was sitting nearby, explaining: "Well first of all you have to like each other. "Usually more than you like your other friends. That's it really, as long as you both feel the same way then it's fine." Coronation Street boss Iain MacLeod recently opened up about the upcoming months for Hope and said it will focus on the challenges she faces as she enters her pre-teen years. He explained on Loose Women: "She’s certainly not going to continue going down such a troubled path, in the short to medium to long-term. "We thought 'Actually, we’ve done some very dark and twisted things with that character, and okay that’ll still be part of her, but for the next 12 months we’re going to do normal pre-teen stuff'. "We’re going to be building a friendship with her and Sam that will verge on a very innocent pre-teen romance a little bit and they try to navigate those waters. "Yes okay, it will always have a Hope twist on it because she’s maybe wired a bit differently than most kids her age. She won’t necessarily get help, but we’ll see a more down-to-earth grounded side of her." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.