The best friend of one of the passengers who died in a devastating car crash in Wales has criticised police after he found the wreckage before they did. The crashed VW Tiguan was discovered by Matthew Pace, 45, and his son Lewis. Lewis said he and Rafel Jeanne were "best mates" and he had last spoken to him on Thursday night. Mr Pace said he had only been searching for 15 minutes when they stopped on the roundabout where the Volkswagen Tiguan left the road and went into the trees. Rafel, 24, Eve Smith, 21, and Darcy Ross, 21, were killed while Shane Loughlin, 32, and Sophie Russon, 20, are fighting for their lives in hospital. Mr Pace told the Sun: "I'm devastated. I can't cope, I can't eat. It's just devastating. When I saw them skid marks, obviously I was praying that it was nothing to do with it and it turns out it was. "I was just praying it wasn't, of course, I was just praying it wasn't them. Obviously, I didn't think anything of it until I saw he was reported missing. I saw comments on Facebook that the police were not taking it seriously, obviously they deffo should have been." Mr Pace said he located the crash after his son Lewis, 26, a friend of Rafel saw tyre marks leaving the road at St Mellon's roundabout. He said: "I stopped after Lewis noticed some tyre tracks going off the roundabout into some trees. "We pulled in and were talking towards the trees and thought I saw a headlight glinting. The next minute a plain clothes police car pulled up and said they assumed we were looking for the missing car. We said we thought it might be in those trees. "They radioed into the helicopter and shone flashlights to guide it in. I'm assuming the helicopter confirmed the car was there because the next minute it went crazy. They taped it off and then police came from everywhere."Mr Pace added: "The police took over so luckily I didn’t actually have to see the wreckage. “They might have been there even longer if we hadn’t got out. If they were found sooner maybe there would be better news."In recent days, the police have been criticised for how long they took to find the vehicle after it went missing. Don't miss... Crash victim's friends furious at police as dog walker finds wreckage [LATEST] Aerial pictures show exactly where three friends died in horror crash [LATEST] Ghoul arrested for refusing to leave scene of triple fatal crash [LATEST] Friends and families of the victims have expressed anger that it took police nearly 48 hours to find the vehicle. Speaking to the Guardian, Tamzin Samuels, 20, a carer who joined the search said: "I do think the police could have done a lot more – put up the helicopter earlier. They only posted an appeal an hour before the girls were found. "The search party found the girls before the police. I think that speaks volumes, really. It’s so public [the crash site] – a main roundabout, a main road."Another friend, Rhian Taylor, 26, added: "Those poor young girls could have been saved if they were found earlier. Thousands of people must have driven past. Why did it take so long to find them?" Following the incident, the police have now referred itself to a watchdog for an investigation. Assistant Chief Constable Jason Davies of South Wales Police said: "Our thoughts are with the families of all those affected by this tragic incident. Specialist officers are carrying out an investigation to piece together what has happened. Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them." South Wales Police and Gwent Police released a joint update on the investigation. The South Wales police statement confirmed that the five individuals has been last seen at 2am on Saturday March 4 in Pentwyn with the collision believed to have occurred during the early hours of Saturday.