Joey Essex, 32, and his professional skating partner Vanessa Bauer will be performing three routines in this year's Dancing On Ice final. Ahead of the live show, The Only Way Is Essex star has opened up about putting his heart and soul into the competition and wanting nothing more than to lift the trophy with Vanessa.  Joey has been rehearsing around the clock with Vanessa to finesse their three routines for the final. He took some time away from the rink to speak to Express.co.uk and other media about his ambitions to win Dancing On Ice. Joey said: “Every week, we try to show that we are progressing and show that we are into every skate. “I’ve lifted Vanessa enough times so I feel it’s about time to lift the trophy up.” READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail  Reflecting on the competition, Joey said: "I feel like a couple of years ago I tried to grow up and I did, I turned into a man. "But yes it’s been half a year and having this discipline is something I always wanted and needed. "It’s given me so much discipline and dedication. I’ve had no days off here and I’ve really enjoyed it. "I’ve put my heart and soul into this and that is the reason I am here."   Joey appeared on Friday's instalment of Good Morning Britain where he addressed attempting the Boléro in the final. He said: "We're stealing some of Torvill and Dean's moves." The reality television star told host Kate Garraway he will give it his all, adding: "Me and Vanessa have got it. We've got it." "I feel like I'm training for the Olympics," Joey added. "I've been dedicated to this competition." The other finalists, The Vivienne, 30, and Nile Wilson, 27, are also set to perform the Boléro in the final.   Don't miss... Joey Essex insists Dancing On Ice kiss was ‘planned’ with Vanessa [EXCLUSIVE] Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex comforts Vanessa after emotional skate [VIDEO ] Dancing On Ice 'fix' row erupts as Mollie Gallagher booted out  [LATEST]  Drag Race UK winner The Vivienne told Express.co.uk and other media: "We are throwing everything we can at this. "We came in and many people thought we were going to be the joke act in this and nobody is going to lift anyone. "But I think we have proved them all wrong at every corner, so we’ve still got some lifts we are trying out. Hopefully, you will see them." Gymnast Nile teased his showcase routine with his partner Olivia Smart will "blow everyone's mind".    The athlete shared: "I really wanted to bring something new to the show and the wow factor and try and impress the audience with my skating. "I think I can confidently say that we have ticked that box and we just have to keep doing what we are doing." He did admit he has some aches and pains "here and there" from training so much on the ice, but he ended the interview on a positive note. Nile said: "Everything is going great and Olivia alluded to it earlier, but these routines this weekend - the showcase is going to blow everyone’s mind. It’s madness." Dancing On Ice: The Final airs on Sunday, March 12 at 6.30pm on ITV and ITVX.  