The man who raped and murdered student Libby Squire flashed her weeks prior to the night he killed her, says her mother. Pawel Relowicz, 28, originally from Poland, attacked Libby in the early hours of February 1 2019 before disposing of her body in the River Hull.    Before Libby's murder Relowicz, a butcher, had carried out a spate of sexual crimes, peering through the windows of female students and breaking into their homes to steal intimate possessions. Lisa Squire, Libby’s mum, told The Guardian that she believes a man who had exposed himself to her daughter in the weeks leading up to her death could in fact have been Relowicz. She said Libby felt “absolutely furious” at the incident but didn’t think to report it to the police. Mrs Squire said: “I never thought to say to her, you need to report that, you need to ring the police, and she didn’t report it either”.  “We’re almost conditioned to ignore indecent exposure. I didn’t know better then, but I know better now.” Her comments come after it emerged Sarah Everard’s killer Wayne Couzens was responsible for flashing incidents committed in the weeks prior to her murder. The 50-year-old former Met officer exposed himself to a female cyclist on a country lane in Kent in November 2020. The rapist and murderer Couzens twice flashed female staff at a McDonald’s drive-through in Swanley, Kent, in February 2021. This incident took place mere days before he took Ms Everard off the street. READ MORE: Former RAF base to house migrants likely riddled with asbestos and undetonated explosives    Mrs Squire said Sarah Everard’s murder shared resemblances with Libby’s, something that “absolutely horrified” her. She said the details of Sarah’s murder seemed “identical” to Libby’s. Mrs Squire conceded she may never be able to prove Relowicz was the man who exposed himself to her daughter, but noted “the coincidence is there”. She said: “As likely as not, it was Relowicz who flashed Libby because he was doing that in the area at the time” “I’ll never be able to prove that but the coincidence is there, isn’t it?” Don't miss... Remains of couple found in woods after they went missing 5 months ago [LATEST] Carpathian Shepherd dog that understands Latin could be put down  [LATEST] Relowicz had been “emboldened” by the fact his flashing went unpunished, Mrs Justice Lambert said during his sentencing. Mrs Squire now campaigns for earlier intervention and stronger punishments for low-level sexual crimes. She said: “Not every non-contact sexual offender will go on and become a rapist, but every rapist was a non-contact sexual offender at one point”. “So I think we need to take them for the red flags that they really are.”   