The daughter of late wildlife expert Steve Irwin took to Instagram to share a candid photo from her hospital bed. Bindi Irwin, who is also a TV star like her famous dad was, said she was finally speaking out on the condition to help fight the stigma surrounding endometriosis. The television personality revealed she has undergone surgery after struggling with painful symptoms for 10 years. Doctors found 37 lesions and a cyst, after Bindi had battled through "insurmountable fatigue, pain and nausea”. Bindi said she felt a responsibility to share her story for other women who also needed help like she did. She wrote: "For 10yrs I've struggled with insurmountable fatigue, pain and nausea. Trying to remain a positive person and hide the pain has been a very long road. READ MORE... Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria "These last 10yrs have included many tests, doctors visits, scans, etc. A doctor told me it was simply something you deal with as a woman and I gave up entirely, trying to function through the pain.  "I didn't find answers until a friend lesliemosier helped set me on a path of regaining my life. I decided to undergo surgery for endometriosis."  She continued: "Going in for surgery was scary but I knew I couldn't live like I was. Every part of my life was getting torn apart because of the pain.  "To cut a long story short, they found 37 lesions, some very deep and difficult to remove, and a chocolate cyst. "seckinmd's first words to me when I was in recovery were 'How did you live with this much pain?' Validation for years of pain is indescribable." Bindi also thanked her family and friends for urging her to get checked, and credited the doctors and nurses who believed in her pain. The star told her 5.1 million followers she is now on the "road to recovery”. Endometriosis is a condition where tissue similar to the lining of the womb grows in other places, such as the ovaries and fallopian tubes, according to the NHS website. Don't miss... Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [OPINION] Strictly's Ola Jordan 'walks around naked' amid weight loss [COMMENT] Richard Madeley branded a ‘massive control freak’ by daughter Chloe [LATEST] Bindi, who shares a daughter with her husband Chandler Powell, also explained to those who had questioned why she had cancelled plans that she had been "pouring every ounce of the energy" she had into looking after her child and family. "Things may look fine on the outside looking in through the window of someone's life, however, that is not always the case," she added. "Please be gentle and pause before asking me (or any woman) when we'll be having more children. After all that my body has gone through, I feel tremendously grateful that we have our gorgeous daughter. She feels like our family's miracle. "I'm aware of millions of women struggling with a similar story. There's stigma around this awful disease. I'm sharing my story for anyone who reads this and is quietly dealing with pain and no answers." "Let this be your validation that your pain is real & you deserve help. Keep searching for answers. http://www.endofound.org," she concluded. Bindi married Chandler, a former professional wakeboarder, at her family's Australia Zoo in Queensland on March 25 2020. The couple welcomed their daughter one year later, on their first wedding anniversary. They named their first child Grace Warrior Irwin Powell, with the pair explaining the names Warrior Irwin were in tribute to Bindi's late conservationist father, famously known as the Crocodile Hunter. Steve tragically died aged 44 in 2006 after being attacked by a stingray while filming for a documentary on the Great Barrier Reef, off the coast of Queensland.