Conor Benn has opened up on the mental ordeal he has endured following his failed drugs tests. The power puncher shocked the world when it was announced he tested positive for clomifene last October. As a result, Benn's long-waited grudge match with Chris Eubank Jr was postponed. During an interview with Piers Morgan on TalkTV, the undefeated boxer opened up on his harrowing thoughts in the aftermath of the announcement. Piers asked him: “To be branded a cheat in the court of public opinion, what has that done to you?” Conor said: “It’s hurt me. I didn’t think I was going to make it through this period." Keen to dive more into his previous statement, Morgan asked: “When you say you didn’t think you would make it, what did you mean?” Asked if he was feeling suicidal, Benn replied: “Yeah, I would say so." Before admitting: “I was taking it day by day. I didn’t think I would see another day. And it upsets me now because I don’t know how I got so bad. I got in a really bad way. If you think I’m innocent or if you don’t think I am innocent — I am innocent.” JUST IN: Drake wins eye-watering Jon Jones vs Ciryl Gane bet after losing £334k on Jake Paul Last month, Benn took aim at both the WBC and the British Boxing Board of Control in an explosive statement released on social media. Declaring himself "grateful" for the eventual finding, he said his reputation and family name prevented him from taking the option of a ban and no legal costs, and voiced his frustration at the ambiguity of the WBC statement. "My only frustration is the manner in which I’ve been cleared has seemed to create further questions and further fuel to baseless negative speculation," he wrote. "As such, having now had a chance to digest, I wanted to set out my position in full and explain in the simplest terms possibly why I am innocent. "However, because of ongoing legal proceedings I have been repeatedly advised not to say anything. Keeping silent when I have this evidence in my possession and listening to ignorant uninformed commentary was one of the hardest parts of this process."