Want to watch The Last Of Us? The blockbuster HBO show, based on the critically-adored PlayStation game of the same name, is exclusive to Sky Atlantic in the UK, which is available to watch with a Sky Glass, Sky Stream, or Sky Q subscription. You can also watch The Last Of Us via a NOW membership (formerly NOW TV), but those who pay extra to watch Sky TV channels on Virgin TV will find the show (and the Sky Atlantic TV channel in its entirety) missing from their library. If you want to start watching The Last Of Us without paying, there are a couple of ways the check out the must-see drama, which stars Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey. Want to watch for free? For a very limited time, Sky Glass orders come with 3-months of Sky TV channels and a Netflix subscription for free, so you'll be able to watch the Sky Atlantic show without paying a penny. The clever Sky Glass bundles everything you could need for a good movie night – Sky TV channels, access to streamers like Disney+, Prime Video, Apple TV+, Netflix, and more, a Dolby Atmos soundbar, and a QLED 4K screen – into a single package. You can watch live sports, movies, and TV shows, like The Last Of Us, in up to 4K Ultra HD quality over Wi-Fi. Yes, you won't need to drill a satellite dish into the wall outside of your house to watch live telly! Want to know more? Our Sky Glass review has everything you need to know about our time with this all-in-one 4K TV. The Last Of Us has been co-written and co-created by Craig Mazin, best known for creating the five-part series Chernobyl for Sky TV and HBO. Like its namesake video game, the TV show follows the journey of hardened survivor Joel (Pascal) as he takes charge of 14-year-old girl (Ramsey) who may be humanity's last hope following the apocalyptic fallout of a global pandemic. The first season of The Last Of Us will contain a total of nine episodes, with the finale due to be broadcast in mid-March 2023. The Last Of Us is broadcast weekly on Sky Atlantic HD (channel 108). Sky airs new episodes at 2am GMT every Monday morning, so UK fans can watch at exactly the same time as US counterparts – avoiding the chance of seeing any spoilers online or at the water cooler in the office. The latest episode of The Last Of Us will be available on-demand as soon as the live broadcast finishes, around 3am GMT in the morning. That means you'll be able to download the latest episode via Sky Go to watch on your phone or tablet for the journey to work. If you'd rather not place an order for a brand-new Sky Stream box, there is another way to watch The Last Of Us without paying. Sky TV has generously uploaded the first episode in its entirety to YouTube to watch for free. You'll need to be signed in with a YouTube account to prove your age as The Last Of Us is rated 15 in the UK. However, as soon as that's set up, you can watch the season one premiere free of charge. If you find yourself on the edge of your seat when the credits roll, it might be time to take a look at that Sky Glass offer again – easily one of the best Sky deals that we've come across. The Last Of Us started to air in the UK from January 16, 2023. The show is broadcast on Sky Atlantic at the same time as HBO airs the latest episode in the United States, so UK viewers can avoid the risk of seeing spoilers on social media. The only problem? That means staying up until 2am GMT on a Monday morning to be amongst the first to watch the new episode. Sky Atlantic broadcasts the latest episode for a second time at the (more sociable) time of 9pm GMT on Monday evening. As soon as the show has finished at around 3am, it will be available to watch on-demand. Sky Go customers will be able to stream or download The Last Of Us from their iPhone, iPad, Android phone or tablet. Below, we've rounded up the complete list of episode titles and release dates and times for the first season of The Last Of Us. These dates and timings only apply to the UK, as those watching on HBO in the US or streaming via HBO Max in another timezone will be watching on Sunday night, rather than (very) early Monday morning due to the time difference. The complete rundown of release times is... Yes! If you're worried about committing to the apocalyptic series without knowing whether it will continue, rest assured. HBO has already confirmed plans to bring back the series for a second series. It's easy to see why the prestigious network has decided to return to The Last Of Us, it's already become Sky Atlantic’s second-biggest US drama debut, behind only House of the Dragon which launched last August. The Last Of Us creators Craig Mazin and Neil Druckmann has already started to put pen to paper planning the continuation of the story in season two. It's currently unclear whether the forthcoming second series will forge its own path, or time-jump forward to follow the events presented in The Last Of Us Part II video game, which launched back in 2020. There are a couple of ways to watch The Last Of Us without paying. Sky Atlantic has kindly uploaded the full first episode of The Last Of Us to its YouTube channel for anyone to stream for free. You'll be able to stream the premiere of the big-budget HBO show from any device with a dedicated YouTube app, including your iPhone, iPad, Android phone or tablet, Fire TV Stick, Roku, Apple TV, Google Chromecast, laptop, desktop PC, Smart TV and many more. If you're gripped by the opening episode of season one, you can continue to watch The Last Of Us without paying. It's all thanks to an exciting new deal from Sky TV, which bundles 3-months of Sky TV channels and a Netflix subscription for free with Sky Glass orders. That means you'll able to watch the Sky Atlantic show at no cost, although the Glass TV will cost you. MORE LIKE THIS