Nurse Lucy Letby hugged a mother after allegedly trying to kill her baby, a court has been told. Ms Letby, 33, is accused of murdering seven babies and attempting to murder 10 others while working as a neonatal nurse at the Countess of Chester Hospital.  Ms Letby, originally from Hereford, denies the alleged offences, which are said to have taken place between June 2015 and June 2016. Manchester Crown Court heard on Thursday that she is accused of making three attempts to kill Child N, who was born weighing 3lbs 11oz in June 2016. The prosecution alleges Ms Letby made her first attempt in early June, hours after exchanging messages with a friend in which she denied being "flirty" with a doctor. She is accused of carrying out two more attacks less than two weeks later. In a statement, the child's father said he got a phone call from Ms Letby on the day the baby was due to be discharged after spending 13 days on the neonatal unit.  He said: "Lucy said (Child N) had been a bit unwell in the night but she said he was OK now." He said Ms Letby did not give him any more information and he did not get the impression the baby was still unwell, but 10 minutes later his partner rang after speaking to the hospital and said they needed to go in. When they got there, the baby, who has the blood clotting condition haemophilia, was in intensive care and Ms Letby was by his bed, he said. He said: "Lucy just said, 'Hi, he's been a bit unwell in the night'. I felt shocked looking at him." He described the infant's skin as a bluish colour and said he could see blood around his lips.  The father said the baby's condition deteriorated twice more, once when he and his partner left to get food and again when they left to seek medical advice for his partner, who was feeling unwell. He said Ms Letby approached them as they were waiting for the baby to be transferred to Merseyside's Alder Hey Children's Hospital, where he made a full recovery. He said: "Lucy then came up to us. She told us she'd stayed on late past the end of her shift and she said to (my partner), 'I hope he's OK' and gave my partner a hug. She might have given (my partner) a kiss, I'm not sure." In a statement, the baby's mother said: "Lucy was our main point of contact through the day because she was tending to (Child N) in between consultants being with him. We had (Child N) baptised during the day and that was recommended to us by Lucy."   Ms Letby's first alleged attempt to kill Child N took place less than 24 hours after he was born, when the nurse designated to look after him was on a break at about 1am, the court was told. At about 8.30pm the previous day, while Ms Letby was working the night shift, she exchanged messages with a friend who suggested she was "flirty" with a doctor working on the unit at the time. Ms Letby replied: "Shut up! I don't flirt with him! Certainly don't fancy him ha ha just a nice guy." Jurors heard on Friday that Ms Letby had told a colleague she "wanted to cry" after Child N had collapsed  She swapped Facebook messages with a doctor, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, the court heard. The registrar, who was working nights, messaged Ms Letby: "Only a few hours to go and it's holiday time - do you think you'll manage to hand over quickly?" Ms Letby replied: "I'll still be here. He's (Child N) poorly, bled again and became apnoeic. Sat having a quiet moment and want to cry. Just mad with so many people and lack of space etc." The doctor said: "Oh Lucy, poor little thing and you. Are you OK? Have a cry, you'll feel better for it I'm sure. You're welcome to take my car home if you're too tired to walk. I sort out picking it up in the morning. "So sorry you've had a rubbish day at the end of your long run - holiday well and truly deserved."   Ms Letby responded: " I'm OK just feel like I've been running around all day and not really achieved anything positive for him. "Don't want to cry in front of people here, maybe when I'm home! That's very kind re the (car) but should be OK. Have you managed to switch off at all and sleep?" The doctor messaged: "No not really. Your day sounds as though as it's been horrible. Poor you. Are you going to be OK? I'm sure he's had the best care possible today and that you will have done everything you can for him." The trial continues. 