Costa Titch was delivering an electrifying performance for fans onstage at the Ultra Music Festival in Johannesburg, South Africa yesterday, when he suddenly collapsed. Distraught fans descended into panic as he appeared to fall unconscious in the middle of his show. Costa, whose real name is Constantinos Tsobanoglou, was rushed to hospital, where he sadly died. It is believed that the trap music legend never regained consciousness following the shock collapse. His family confirmed his death via Instagram, logging into his account to tell the world that they had been "robbed" of a talented rapper whom they'd loved. "Death has tragically knocked at our door. Robbing us of our beloved son, brother and grandson, Constantinos Tsobanoglou (28), who South Africa had come to love and idolize under his stage name 'Costa Titch'," the statement read. READ NOW: A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue "It is with great pain that we find ourselves having to acknowledge his passing at this time. "We are thankful for the emergency responders and all those present in his last hours on this earth," the official statement continued. "As a family we are faced with a difficult time as we try to make sense of what has befallen us and ask that we be afforded time and space to gather ourselves." Finally, they offered gratitude for the enormous support they had received from fans of his stage persona both before and in the aftermath of his death. "The Tsobanoglou family thanks you for the love and support that you have given to our son and may you continue to uplift him even in spirit. "Please keep us in your prayers and uplifted in the Lord," the statement concluded. Tragically, a friend and colleague with whom Costa collaborated shortly before his death has also been reported dead recently. AKA, whose real name is Kiernan Jarryd Forbes, co-starred with Costa on the track Super Soft, which was released this year. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams Clarkson fans wanting Lineker axed after Meghan row [DEBATE] Camilla deep in conversation with Love Island's Megan Barton-Hanson [PICTURES] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen causes stir with bloody photos [LATEST]  AKA died from a gunshot fired by an unknown aggressor, meaning that both the artists met a tragic end in the first quarter of 2023. Costa's official cause of death is not yet known. According to Wiki South Africa, he had built a financially promising career, having an estimated net worth of $200,000, despite being just 28. Costa was known for being notoriously private, and not much is publicly known about his personal relationships and whether he had a wife, girlfriend or any children. However, he has spoken fondly of his mum, revealing that she helped propel him to success with her good advice, including warning him to choose his friends wisely. Today, friends and fans flocked to the comments section on Instagram to mourn their loss. "Just discovered this talented bro just months ago & now he’s gone. This hurts, and it sucks," one sorrowful Instagrammer wrote. A second among Costa's 596,000 followers mourned: "I didn't expect you to leave us so early... I can't hide my inner pain." Meanwhile, a third wrote poignantly: "Your star continues to rise, even in your ascension. In our hearts & in the sky, you’ll live forever. Sincerest condolences to his loved ones, friends, family & the Titch Gang."