John Fury, the father and trainer of Tommy Fury, risked leaving his son red-faced with an honest admission over Jake Paul’s final round knock-down during the grudge match in Saudi Arabia. Fury defeated Youtuber-turned-boxer Paul on a split-decision as the duo finally settled their long-running feud in arguably the most hotly-anticipated fight of the year. The duo, both relative novices in the ring, shared 14 professional fights between them before last Sunday’s showdown in the desert. Fury was the first fighter Paul had faced from a traditional boxing background after a series of crossover bouts against celebrities and MMA stars. And the former Love Island star reserved praise for his American rival by describing him as a “proper boxer” following the eight-round contest. But fans thought Paul had Fury in deep trouble in the final round following a contentious knock-down. Paul floored the Brit with a strong jab late in the clash, jeopardising his hopes of winning the fight. He was off balance, but still appeared to be knocked to the canvas due to the power of his opponent’s punch and was docked a point. MUST READ: Logan Paul taunts Tommy Fury for celebrating Jake Paul win 'like he'd won World Cup' But Fury, who recovered and eventually went on to claim victory regardless, was convinced in his post-fight interview that he had slipped, insisting his reaction to the incident was telling. “That was a genuine slip,” Fury told Fight Hub TV. “There would be no excuses from my part if I got knocked down, I’d say I got knocked down. “If I lost the fight, I’d say I lost the fight. But that was no knockdown, you could see when I got up I was like, ‘No way!’” DON'T MISS:Deontay Wilder gives clear answer on Eddie Hearn link up to help make Anthony Joshua fightAmir Khan torn apart as Carl Froch explains if he'll take comeback fight against 'Bambi'Cristiano Ronaldo couldn't care less as reaction to Tommy Fury beating Jake Paul filmed Fury’s father John, however, disagreed with his son’s claim, admitting that the referee Hector Afu made the correct call in declaring a knock-down. “It was a stumble, but a jab caused the stumble, so the referee was right,” he told Boxing King Media. “It was a jab and it caused him to be off-balance, but I looked at him, he nodded back, I knew he was okay. I said, ‘Keep calm and watch what is coming your way.’ “He could have made things a lot easier, but he was carrying the weight of the world, the amount of pressure, the new baby, his name, his whole career was on the line. The kid stepped up to the plate and he did it.”