The detective drama series made its debut in 2012, but now only two episodes of the popular show are yet to air as series nine draws to a close. Fans have loved tuning in as Fred Thursday (played by Roger Allam) and Endeavour Morse (Shaun Evans) work together to solve grisly crimes, and will no doubt be disappointed the ITV series is coming to an end. Endeavour star Roger reflected on his 10 years on the show and paid tribute to the actress behind his onscreen wife, Win Thursday, portrayed by Caroline O'Neill. One moving scene from the final series shows Win talking about how quickly life seems to flash by. When asked if the moment struck a chord with the cast and crew, Roger replied: "That scene resonated with us all." He continued: "It seems unbelievable to me that we have been doing Endeavour for 10 years. "Caroline O’Neill as Win Thursday has been another crucial part of this series over the years." READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection  Reflecting on the actress he has worked so closely with, he added: "It’s been a hugely believable relationship between Win and Fred. I have loved doing those scenes with her. "It’s quite something when you are in the various sets filming and thinking, ‘Gosh, that’s the last scene here and I suppose they will break this set up now.’ Which, of course, is what they do." While fans will be equally emotional about the show wrapping up, there are still two episodes left, which are expected to tie up a few loose ends. Last week's episode saw the two detectives thrown into solving the murder of a man who was found in a college garden. During the episode, Fred was offered a job promotion by Chief Superintendent Reginald Bright (Anton Lesser) which would involve having to move away from his current location. The plot seems like it could be the direction the character's story heads in as the series comes to an end. This week's instalment will likely answer some questions and raise others as it sets audiences up for next week's finale. Titled Uniform, a synopsis for the next instalment reads: "Morse suspects a connection between a woman's disappearance and her past employer, but another missing persons case demands his attention in the form of a notable artist, whose work adorns the covers of a series of paperback mysteries. DON'T MISS... Ant leaves viewers 'in tears' over Saturday Night Takeaway gesture [LATEST]Megan McCubbin details 'sadness' over Autumnwatch axe [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders producer teases Mick Carter might be alive [THEORY] "Meanwhile, reports flood in of stolen cars and wanton criminal damage, as a debauched group of university undergraduates wreak havoc, while the murder of a uniformed officer sees Bright order all hands on deck at Castle Gate. "Much to Morse and Thursday's chagrin, the cast of TV detective show Jolly for Short is in town filming the final series." Much like most popular dramas, news of the show's conclusion has sparked rumours and theories from fans. Last week had some speculating Fred could die before the series ends for good. Many took to social media to share their predictions following last week's episode and the news of Fred's promotion. Despite the positive story for the character, some viewers were convinced the promotion could be a distraction from "something bad" happening to Fred. Only the final two episodes will answer the questions on all fans' lips. Endeavour continues on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.