Princess Kate and Prince William made a special visit to Hayes Muslim Centre today, March 9, to visit the Muslim community there who has raised money for those impacted by last month's earthquakes in Turkey and Syria. For the occasion, Kate wore a black and white headscarf by Pakistani brand Élan. Kate and William spoke to members of the community in Hayes and thanked those who have raised money in recent weeks to help towards the aid given to people in Syria and Turkey. The royal couple seemed comfortable and were smiling. They even shared a loving moment with one another, according to body language expert Judi James. One photo from the event showed Kate and William looking each other in the eye, with Kate smiling widely and William with a pleasant, happy expression on his face. Judi said: “This is such an intense and very telling tie sign from the couple who not only meet eyes but turn it into a sustained and meaningful gaze that is possibly more of a PDA than a hug or hand hold. “It’s the reaction that counts here. Kate’s prompted smile suggests shared fun and affection while William’s more suppressed smile hints at almost romantic levels of attraction. “It might only look like a small moment but they look lost in that moment and it was a powerful one in terms of their bonding as a couple.” Kate and William do not often show any PDA when out in public - rarely touching or holding hands, unlike Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who often hold hands. Judi seemed to suggest here that a strong emotion was passing through William and Kate today, almost like a current. DON'T MISS: Princess Charlene wows in 'classic' trench coat like Meghan's  [STYLE] Kate Middleton gave nod to Princess Diana twice this week  [FASHION] Princess Kate's brooch has special link to Queen Elizabeth II [ROYAL FAMILY] They seemed to be happy in each other's company, and weren't afraid to show this, even though they were in public. Kate looked elegant in the black and white floral headscarf and a bespoke, grey Alexander McQueen coat. The Princess also wore her Alexander McQueen ribbed bodice sleeveless dress, which she last wore during the mourning period for Queen Elizabeth II. The gown is described as a "Jersey sleeveless dress detailed with ribbed top, pleated long skirt with raw cut hem and side concealed zip fastening". READ MORE: Anti-ageing exercise which promises a 'completely new body' Kate also carried her black Grace Han bag, which retails for a whopping £2,050 and is the smallest size. The Princess of Wales has carried the black bag on more than five public engagements since 2020. Its description says: "The Grace Han Love Letter Top Handle Bag makes a perfect companion with its elegance and classic shape. "Its distinctive envelope closure is an ode to Love Letters of the past present and future."  As for shoes, Kate opted for her Gianvito Rossie 105 pumps in black suede. The royal last wore the Pakistani designer Élan when she arrived at Lahore airport to take her flight back to Islamabad during the royal tour of Pakistan in 2019. The outfit was a £103.69 white long-sleeved top, which had beautiful black detailing. Although the Princess did not wear the headscarf with the top at the time, it is likely she had bought it at the same time, ahead of the trip.