Michelle Obama has announced she is moving on from "mom-in-chief to advisor-in-chief" on her new The Light Podcast. Speaking to Today show's Hoda Kotb, the former first lady recalled greeting her oldest daughter, Malia, with "a critical eye". The 59-year-old said: "'You're wrinkly — you're gonna do something about this.' "And then I thought I did it. I greeted her with — instead of what I felt, which is, 'Sit on my lap, give me a kiss' — I'm fixing things. "I'm pointing out, 'Oh my God, your hair is not right here. "What Toni Morrison says is that our kids just want our gladness. They don't need us to fix them. "They don't need us to point out the thing that's wrong, first." READ MORE: Gayle King weighs in on Sussex children's new royal titles Michelle added: "I'm moving from mom-in-chief to advisor-in-chief. That's a lovely thing — to be able to watch my girls fly and have the relief that 'Okay, I think I didn't mess them up.'" It comes as the former first lady revealed she forced to give up practicing law for Barack to launch his political career. Michelle admitted that she "could not stand" her husband Barack when raising their two children. She lashed out at how things felt "uneven" when Barack launched his campaign to become president. Michelle revealed the strain it put on her marriage while promoting her new book The Light We Carry. Speaking to Revolt in early December, she said: "People think I'm being catty for saying this: it's like, there were 10 years where I couldn't stand my husband. "And guess when it happened? When those kids were little. "For 10 years, while we're trying to build our careers and worrying about school and who was doing what and what, I was like, 'Argh, this isn't even'. Don't miss... Dad investigated leads he 'dreamt up' in 42-year search for daughter [EXCLUSIVE] Firefighter’s son, 7, dies in tragic blaze as dad forced to save wife [INSIGHT] Melania Trump sparked fierce debate on International Women's Day [LATEST] "And guess what? Marriage isn't 50/50, ever. Ever. There are times I'm 70, he's 30. There are times he's 60, 40. But guess what? Ten years. "We've been married 30. I would take 10 bad years over 30 — it's just how you look at it. People give up — 'Five years; I can't take it'." She want on to describe her young daughters as "terrorist" when they were little. Malia, 24, and Sasha, 21, were seven and 10 when their family moved into the White House after several years on the campaign trail. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews