Yellowstone fans are eagerly awaiting the return of season five to see how John Dutton (played by Kevin Costner) is coping with the latest setbacks. He asked Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) to take a group of ranch hands to look after the herd in another location, including Abby's (Lainey Wilson) love interest, Ryan (Ian Bohen). The Abby star spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about how the show has changed her life. The award-winning country musician has been spending time in the UK as she prepares to perform at the Country 2 Country Festival a the O2 Arena. Ahead of her show, she spoke to Express.co.uk about having her music featured in Yellowstone and how playing the role of Abby has opened up so many doors. "Just having music in the show in general has been a huge stepping stone for my career," she said. "It has introduced me to a lot of people because the soundtrack of that show is huge. "To think a soundtrack can have that much of an impact on someone's career is wild. READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation "So when Taylor Sheridan asked me to be a part of the show I knew this was going to be huge. "It's going to be an opportunity for people to put my voice to my face. "I think that has been one of the biggest dots that has been connected so far, so it has changed a lot for us." The star was initially nervous about seeing herself on screen for the first time in what was her acting debut. However, she praised the show's creators for "doing her justice". She added: "When I was watching the episodes I was in, in a weird kind of way I was a little nervous about it. "Because I didn't know how it was going to end up, you never know. "I had a kissing scene and everything else, I figured I'd end up on the prayer list back home. "But they did such a great job, I feel like they definitely let me show my personality. "I think they captured the best shots and they did me justice, I was really proud when I was watching it as they made me look like I knew what I was doing." Don't miss... Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [LATEST] Yellowstone’s Mo star warns fans ‘aren’t ready’ for Rip team-up [INTERVIEW] Yellowstone's Jamie Dutton was almost played by Wes Bentley’s co-star [INSIGHT] As for where she is headed next, she opened up about performing at the C2C Festival and her latest projects. She said: "I'm so glad to be back [in the UK], it's been a long time since I have been here... "I feel welcomed with open arms, that's how I feel every time I come over here." The singer-songwriter has also been busy touring her hit track, Bell Bottom Country. She added: "We toured all of last year and didn't stop touring, even at the end of the year we rolled right into my very first headlining tour which has been crazy. "It's completely sold out and night after night it just seems like the crowds keep getting louder. "People were learning every word, they know the songs better than I do sometimes. "We are touring Bell Bottom Country, we are going to live on that one for a little while. "I have a song coming out with Lukas Nelson which I'm really excited about, I'm a big fan of his. "And we will see what happens with this Yellowstone stuff, I do have a good feeling about it. It just seems like one blessing after another." Yellowstone returns to The Paramount Network later in 2023