In upcoming Coronation Street scenes, ITV viewers will see friends Aaron Sandford (played by James Craven) and Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) have a drunken night together at their flat. Although things quickly escalate as Aaron takes advantage of the situation and has sex with Amy without her consent. Speaking to Express.co.uk, actress Elle Mulvaney detailed why her character stays quiet after the incident. Before the two friends head to the Bistro to celebrate Aaron’s promotion, they share a kiss at the flat as they both sense the chemistry between them. As Amy returns to the flat later that evening, guilt-ridden she’s betrayed her best friend Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby) by kissing her boyfriend, Aaron shortly follows as he bickers with Summer all night. Both annoyed at their partners, with Amy still heartbroken after Jacob Hay’s (Jack James Ryan) exit, they decide to drink an excessive amount of alcohol. Although as Amy stumbles into her bed stating she feels sick before passing out, Aaron follows her into the room and decides to have sex with her while she’s unaware of what’s happening.    Scenes set to air next week on the soap reveal Amy wakes up hungover with no memory of how she got into bed. Meeting with Aaron for lunch, he admits things went too far and they shouldn’t have had sex, which is the first Amy hears of what happened. As he begs her to forget they had sex, not wanting it to impact his relationship with Summer after making up with her, Amy explains she was too drunk to of given consent. However, Aaron lies and tells Amy the decision was mutual as she was just as drunk as he was.   Speaking about the storyline with Express.co.uk and other media publications, actress Elle shared what hurts Amy the most about the situation. She commented: “For him to have no recognition for her feelings, I think that’s what shocks her the most. “Deep down, I think she knows he doesn’t think this is anything and I think that really, really hurts her.” When asked whether or not she thinks Aaron’s persistence in claiming they both wanted to have sex deters Amy from telling people, the soap star agreed. DON'T MISS.. Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION] Antiques Roadshow's Fiona Bruce mortified over value of Star Wars prop [VIDEO] Love Island backlash as ITV2 hit with Ofcom complaints [LOVE ISLAND]    She said: “Yeah, but also how do you even phrase that to somebody? “She has so much going through her head at that time, she can’t even begin to think, ‘how can I tell other people?’ “She's dealing with so much and she thinks that she’s strong and she can handle it all by herself. “But even saying the word rape and saying what has happened to her is so difficult and takes so much effort and energy from her which, in that initial stage, she just doesn’t have.  “She just feels deflated, so paired with the fact Aaron is saying don’t tell anybody, she feels like she’s not being heard by him. “He’s batting it off as though it’s nothing. “It does, in her head, make her think, ‘how can I begin to tell anybody this when he doesn’t even believe me and he’s done it.’.” Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV. 