Ever since Nish Panesar (played by Navin Chowdhry) showed up in Albert Square, having completed a 20-year prison sentence for murder, he has been making his presence felt. Although his wife Suki (Balvinder Sopal) had been running the family businesses in his absence he has relegated her role since his return. EastEnders fans have seen her become more and more distressed by his behaviour and her upset is compounded by hiding her true feelings for Eve (Heather Peace). This week Suki tries to regain some control and personal space. The mini mart matriarch persuades Nish to spend more time at their business in Leeds. However before he can go, daughter Ash (Gurlaine Kaur Garcha) lets him know that she’s been re-offered a job in Canada. With son Jags (Amar Adatia) dying while he was in away and eldest son Kheerat (Jaz Deol) currently serving time for a murder he didn’t commit, Nish is reluctant to lose anymore of his offspring READ MORE:EastEnders' Zack and Whitney shaken after baby Peach's death Realising she probably won’t listen to him, Nish enlists Suki to dissuade her from accepting. Unfortunately for him Suki wants her daughter to spread her wings. Despite this she is unable to be honest with her child given their troubled and erratic history. Instead, she uses manipulative tactics to persuade her to leave. She cruelly suggests Ash isn’t capable of doing the job, knowing full well that her daughter will accept to spite her. Later, she tells Nish she wasn’t able to convince Ash to stay. Although he is disappointed, he seems to have accepted it and the pair head to The Vic to reluctantly see her off. Their united front doesn’t last long and Nish soon becomes enraged when he realises his wife’s deceit. When they are back at No.41 he shows his true colours and threatens her. DON'T MISS: Endeavour to learn something about Thursday 'he will take to his ... [SPOILER]Great British Bake Off to go 'back to basics' after viewer complain... [INSIGHT]Channel 4 axes 'rip off' reality show after just one series [INSIGHT] Meanwhile Eve has a heart-to-heart with Ash and convinces her to have an honest conversation with her mother. Instead, she speaks to Nish and convinces him to give Suki more responsibility with the family businesses. But still rattled from discovering she lied to him, when he doesn’t hear from Suki, he starts to think the worst. With a huge murder mystery storyline looming at Christmas could this be the beginning of the end for Nish. A recent ground-breaking episode teased the murder of a major male character this coming festive season. It ended with a flash-forward to an opulently decorated Queen Vic in Christmas 2023. Six of the Square’s matriarchs; Sharon Watts (Letita Dean), Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Denise Branning (Diane Parish), Suki, Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) were standing over an unidentified dead body. EastEnders fans will have to wait until Christmas Day 2023 to find out the identity of the victim, who the murderer was and how it all went down but with Nish grinding Suki down he’s a definite candidate.  EastEnders on BBC One has a scheduling shake up this week due to the FA Cup. There will be a double episode on Monday February 27th at 7.30pm, Thursday night’s episode will broadcast at 7.30pm as usual and there will be an episode at 7.30pm on Friday. All episodes will be on the iPlayer at 6am on their usual date of broadcast.