The ITV chef was also joined by country-pop duo Ward Thomas who performed at the end of the show, and chefs Frances Atkins, and Dom Van Marsh. When cooking with James, the pair got into a cheeky argument over the temperature of the hob whilst cooking the lamb. James introduced Paul to the show and explained: "We're meant to be tasting Irish stew, but who knows what'll happen with this chef? "He's probably changed his mind and decided to cook something completely different, it's Mr Paul Rankin, what are we going to do, chief?" Paul explained: "We're gonna do a sort of lamb shank version of Irish stew. Now Irish stew is a very simple dish, it's a gorgeous dish that I love. "But this one is very easy and it's very satisfying." READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers James confirmed: "So it uses lamb shanks. Now when I first started training in London, lamb shanks were... 20p. "They were nothing, were they?" to which Paul explained: "I was probably the first chef in the UK to put a lamb shank dish on the menu. "I stole it from a great chef in California called Jeremiah Tower and he had made lamb shanks one of his signature dishes. "So I sort of tasted this beautiful lamb shank, so I put them on my menu and then well you know. "James came over and he saw it and thought 'I've got to have a bit of that!'." Whilst Paul was frying off the lamb shanks and beginning to peel potatoes, James began to mess about with the temperature of the hob. Noticing that the hob had been changed, Paul asked: "Did you just turn that up?" to which James denied and said he was turning it down. James teased: "I can turn it up if you want?" to which Paul declined and said: "No, you've done that before to me! Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] "People still talk to me about the time you burnt my noodle dish." Still messing about with the temperature, James joked: "All right I'll turn it down. Next series, I'm going to have a foot pedal here for the power. "We'll really stitch him up." Later, after leaving the lamb shanks and vegetables to sit and stew, Paul went to take the lid off of the pan but was shouted at by James for not waiting for the camera. "Ah-ah-ah! You've got to wait for the money shot because the director's a bit slow in this show. "Give him five seconds to get that in, and then you've got to think to yourself, 'Right, I think the camera's on it'. "Three, two one, lift," before Paul lifted the lid and the guests were impressed with how the dish had turned out. James Martin Saturday Kitchen airs Saturday from 9:30am on ITV.