Manchester United’s stand-in captain Bruno Fernandes has been on the receiving end of backlash and criticism for his antics during the Red Devils’ humiliation by Liverpool on Sunday, as they lost 7-0 to their fierce rivals. The 28-year-old was lambasted by the likes of Gary Neville and Roy Keane for his behaviour as the second half saw United lose their discipline further with each goal, while there have been calls for him to be stripped of the captaincy. Fernandes has been wearing the armband in Harry Maguire’s absence this season but was criticised for complaining during a substitution taking place, of which Neville accused the midfielder of asking to leave the pitch but was later denied by the club. Several incidents throughout the game prompted many to question whether Fernandes was suited to being United captain, as Maguire looks likely to leave Old Trafford at the end of the campaign. Former Chelsea striker Chris Sutton led the calls for Fernandes to be stripped of the captaincy. "There are people that are far better qualified to be captain," Sutton told the BBC. "Fernandes is not their best leader. There are more suitable candidates than him, Casemiro being one. I think he should never put on the armband again for Manchester United." Don't miss... Liverpool stars 'regard Bournemouth as more important than Man United' [LATEST] However, the noise coming out of the club is that Fernandes is respected by both his team-mates and head coach Erik ten Hag. Fabrizio Romano has claimed on his YouTube channel that Fernandes is well appreciated by his United team-mates, as he has a fantastic relationship with them and they have no problem with the Portuguese star. They share the same view as Ten Hag, who Romano claims also appreciates the playmaker despite his attitude in the Liverpool defeat. He added that Ten Hag’s trust in Fernandes showed as one of the first requests that the Dutchman made to the board was to approve a new contract for Fernandes, who penned the deal and extended his stay at Old Trafford until 2026. Don't miss... Man Utd 'make contact with Kane camp' and have strong Levy belief [LATEST] Scholes wants Man Utd to axe Weghorst and Neville and Keane may agree [LATEST] Man Utd stars 'dreamt of title in WhatsApp chat' before Liverpool loss [LATEST] Fernandes explained after the game that he was "frustrated" with his side's performance in the defeat, as was evident by his exploits on the pitch. "It is very frustrating, disappointing, sad because it is a really bad result,” he told Sky Sports. “We came here with a different mindset before the game. The first half was really good from ourselves, we had a lot of chances. We controlled most of the first half I think, they didn't create that much. "[In the second half] we tried to go forward and score goals and we lost a bit of balance. We gave too much space away against this kind of team. We have to avoid that. The games are coming thick and fast. We had setbacks in the past and we have to come back quickly again. This is what Manchester United are about, we can go down but we have to get back up."