Located just a one-hour drive away on the M4 from central London, Slough has excellent transport links to the British capital. But even with plans for a new Crossrail route expected to put the commuter town on the map, the southern destination has struggled to shake off its dreary reputation. Soaring rates of rent in London are not a new challenge faced by Britons, but the hunt for lower living costs has only increased as more people are priced out of home ownership. With many residents in the capital looking further afield when house hunting, nearby commuter spots like Peterborough and Slough have grown in popularity thanks to their attractive housing markets. According to This Is Money, a staggering 20 percent of London leavers chose Slough as their new home in 2022, and there's good reason for it. Known for its close proximity to many West London landmarks like Heathrow Airport and Thorpe Park, the town is ideal for families and commuters alike. READ MORE: Professional cleaner advises to ditch these common household products According to Rightmove, average house prices in the area fetched £425,885 over the last year. The majority of sales were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £391,449, while flats sold for an average of £239,266, and semi-detached properties for £491,866. Though still high, prices are much more feasible in the area compared to its close neighbour West London. Rightmove estimated that the city region had an overall average price of £1,238,507 over the last year. The majority of sales in West London during 2022 were flats, selling for an average price of £930,434. Terraced properties sold for an average of £1,669,482, and semi-detached properties fetched £1,670,513. Don't miss... Inside incredible $25.5m Hollywood home bought $2bn lottery winner [INSIGHT] Households urged to perform ‘simple’ cost-free job to keep heat in [REVEAL] Anger as King could offer Sussexes taxpayer-funded accommodation [LATEST] But despite an influx of city-goers choosing to settle in the borough, the town has struggled for years with its poor reputation. Empty high streets, towering concrete buildings and a lack of culture have all contributed to its ranking as the fourth-worst town in the whole of England. Slough has also been the butt of many jokes among British comics including Ricky Gervais' nod to its "bleak" and "miserable" status in The Office UK. Even Jimmy Carr who was born in the Berkshire town has smeared its name. He said: "If you want to know what Slough was like in the 1970s, go there now." READ MORE: Stop cats pooping in gardens naturally using 13p kitchen staple  While its status could be on the up with the recent launch of a £400million regeneration project focused on the city centre, not all locals have faith in the outcome. The heart of the town is expected to welcome 1,500 new homes plus more office space, a hotel, a restaurant quarter and a bus shelter as part of the plans, though some residents have no plans to stick around. Speaking to MyLondon, 68-year-old Jackie Hughes, who has run a jacket potato food truck on Slough's high street for more than three decades said he has seen the former "golden mile" lose its shine. The Slough local said: "If you traded here they used to call it the golden mile, but not anymore." Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He noted that the stall he had worked on for 31 years is one of the only constants on the renowned stretch of the high street and that he feels "lucky" to still be earning a living. Jackie told the publication: "If I owned my house I would sell it and move tomorrow." Karolina, who works at the independent cafe Mleczko admitted that she doesn't think Slough is the best option for commuters in search of a lower-budget lifestyle. She noted that "rent is ridiculous" for some properties and the wages are not like London. The cafe worker said: "For people who are working in London, in 20 minutes you take a train and you are in London. If you live here and work in London, perfect but when you live here and you work here - it’s not that great. Average wages here are much lower." 