Curry sauce, red wine, cooking oil, nail polish and coffee are common stains that can wreak havoc on our carpets and floors. If stains are not cleaned properly, homeowners could risk making them worse causing permanent damage. With this in mind, Alternative Flooring has shared their care advice for keeping carpets, floor coverings and runners clean. Kirsty Barton at Alternative Flooring, explained: “In every room of your home, the floors are your fifth wall and play an important role in the design of your space; so it’s vital to know how to keep them clean and looking fresh all year. “Below I’ve outlined my top tips on keeping your floors in great condition, whether you have carpet, rugs or runners.” For those with carpets, rugs or runners made of natural plant fibres like sisal, jute or coir, make sure you’re using a suction-only vacuum when you hoover. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge - Prince Andrew's £30m home Using a vacuum with a brush could also be too harsh on the natural fibres of these carpets and could eventually lead to lasting damage. Make sure you vacuum slowly and thoroughly to avoid causing further damage. For spots and spills on natural fibres, always use dry cleaning methods. Because natural floor coverings are made of plant fibres, they are naturally absorbent which means water and even steam could leave a stain. When it comes to cleaning a natural fibre carpet, speed is of the essence. DON'T MISSTwo easy methods to clean your patio without a pressure washer [INSIGHT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [UPDATE]Cleaning solutions to ‘avoid’ using on your sofas [ANALYSIS] Speed is of the essence when it comes to cleaning up stains and spills on natural carpets. A popular choice, wool carpets are soft, and springy underfoot and create a luxury feel inside a property. Wool floor coverings need hoovering around once or twice a week, especially on areas that receive the most foot traffic. To get the deepest clean possible, pass over the wool carpet two or three times during a vacuuming session. READ MORE: Five 'common cleaning mistakes' that can 'damage' your home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea When cleaning spots and spills on wool carpets, it’s best to “avoid” using detergents like dishwashing liquids, soaps and other cleaners. These detergents will clean the area but could also re-soil the carpet and cause colour loss. Always use cleaning products which are suitable for wool. To keep synthetic carpets looking their best, they need to be vacuumed regularly. Synthetic-material carpets also need to be vacuumed thoroughly with around three or four passes in each section twice or three times per week. Use an upright brush-assisted vacuum for cut pile rugs and a suction-only vacuum for loop pile carpets and rugs. The experts at Alternative Flooring have also shared a step-by-step guide to removing spots and spills from faux carpets. 1. Act quickly and address the stain as soon as possible. 2. Take up as much of the stain as possible before applying any cleaning product. Pre-test your cleaning product on an inconspicuous area of the carpet before starting. 3. Use a cloth when applying your cleaning product - never put it directly onto your carpet. 4. Only use small amounts of cleaning product at a time and repeat the process if you need to. 5. Always work from the edge of the stain towards the middle of it and remember to blot, never rub the stain. 6. Thoroughly rinse out water-based spot removers with clean water. 7. Call a professional if you’re struggling to remove the problem stain.