Struggling pub managers hoping the King's coronation will boost trade have urged drinkers to “raise a toast to His Majesty”. The Government will tomorrow present legislation to Parliament extending opening hours to 1am across the Bank Holiday Coronation weekend on May 5, 6 and 7. It will provide much-needed help to the hospitality industry following Covid lockdowns and the cost of living crisis, according to Emma McClarkin, Chief Executive Officer of the British Beer and Pub Association. She said: “This is a timely boost for the pub industry. In the midst of an acutely challenging period I am sure our pubs will look to mark this joyous occasion by hosting special events and parties as part of national celebrations. The announcement of extended opening hours will help us all to mark this important event. “It is sure to be a time for community and celebration and the great British pub is always right at the heart of both, so I would encourage everyone to head down to their local and raise a toast to His Majesty during the Coronation weekend.” Legislation presented by Home Secretary Suella Braverman will extend standard licensing hours in pubs, clubs and bars across England and Wales from 11pm to 1am. The Home Secretary said: “Up and down the country, people can enjoy an extra pint or two in the evening while families and friends can come together to wish His Majesty The King a long and happy reign.” Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is to host a party in Number 10 for community volunteers from across the country to mark the Coronation, Downing Street has announced. His “Big Lunch” will be one of thousands of similar events expected to take place nationwide and the Government is setting up a website where members of the public can publicise their own celebrations. These will be displayed on map advertising street parties and other Coronation activities so nearby residents can get involved.Culture Secretary Lucy Frazer said: “Our interactive map will help you find activities, events and celebrations nearby.” The celebration weekend begins on Saturday May 6 with the King and Queen crowned at Westminster Abbey in London. A Coronation Concert will take place at Windsor Castle on Sunday May 7, with iconic locations across the UK lit up using projections, lasers, drone displays and illuminations. A Bank Holiday on Monday May 8 will allow the nation to come together to support charities in the Big Help Out. In tribute to His Majesty The King’s lifetime of service, this will encourage people to support the causes that matter the most to them and activities are already planned by organisations including The Scouts, Royal Voluntary Service, National Trust and RNLI. Alex Salmond, the former First Minister of Scotland, attempted to put a spoke in the wheel yesterday when he insisted the historic Stone of Destiny, also known as the Stone of Scone, should not be transported to London for the event. The stone, held at Edinburgh Castle, was used to inaugurate Scottish royalty for centuries. It also plays an important role in the coronation of a British monarch.