With Yellowstone season five currently on hiatus, many fans have tuned into the show's acclaimed prequel series, 1923. However, viewers were left baffled after Emma Dutton’s storyline (played by Marley Shelton) didn’t match the Yellowstone timeline.  Paramount Network’s hit western drama Yellowstone follows the complicated lives of the Dutton family as they fight to keep their Montana ranch away from corrupt corporations. Led by patriarch John Dutton (Kevin Costner), he refuses to share a piece of the land because it has been in his family for generations. 1923 transported viewers back in time as it told the story of Jacob Dutton (Harrison Ford) and his wife (Helen Mirren) as they took over the ranch from John’s great-great-grandfather, 1883’s James Dutton (Tim McGraw). However, as the season unfolded fans noticed a major error, taking to a Reddit fan page to question the show’s timeline. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark User u/Unable_Item_3750 wrote: “Does it ever say on Yellowstone when Rip’s cabin was built? “I’m curious because in 1923 Emma makes a comment to Cara about how she wishes they had a smaller house to stay in whenever the men are gone. “I immediately thought about Rip’s cabin. I always assumed that Rip’s cabin would have been built first and then the main lodge house was built after.” The Redditor added: “But it wouldn’t make sense for Emma to say that if that cabin was built first. “I’m also curious about the cabin that we see James & Margaret living in.” They questioned: “Was that Rip's cabin? Because again, if that cabin was built before the lodge then why did Emma make the comment about wanting a smaller place?” During a series of flashbacks, Yellowstone revealed John had taken in Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) as a youngster. He has since become one of John’s most trusted ranch hands and later tied the knot with John’s daughter, Beth Dutton (Kelly Reilly). DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [INSIGHT]1923 finale teases Spencer and Alexandra ‘lost at sea’ [INSIGHT]Yellowstone's Wes Bentley admits Jamie Dutton role is 'draining' [INSIGHT]  Taking to the comments, u/Opie19 agreed: “I don't think you're missing anything, I've had the same thoughts and not found any answers. “I always assume James built the lodge but still don't have a solid answer for that.” Another fan u/dad_savage anticipated: “I have a feeling James and Margaret's home won't survive the events of 1923, and at the end of the series we'll see them breaking ground on the current Yellowstone structures/ranch.”  Whereas u/LatterEmployment4257 argued: “I also thought Rip's cabin was James's due to the letter Beth read Rip. “‘My great grandfather had a dream, all of his sons on the same road. The same ranch. Working toward the same goal. “‘That dream survived a hundred years. Until me. With me, it died. I didn't have enough sons, they just kept dying or quitting. Then one day, not too long ago, I realized that I have enough sons after all.’” The user added: “But James' house was a 1-story house & not near as big as Rip's cabin, plus Rip's was 2-story.”  1923 continues Sundays on Paramount Plus in the USA and on the following Monday in the UK. 