Dominic Thiem has reflected on his run to the Indian Wells title in 2019, where he defeated Roger Federer in the final. The former world No 3 admitted he was getting “destroyed” by the Swiss star as he explained how he managed to turn things around from a set down and praised Federer for being “unbelievably nice” despite losing a tight championship match. With Indian Wells officially underway for 2023, one of the tournament’s former champions has been looking back at his own title win in the Californian desert which involved a now-retired Federer. Four years ago, Thiem won his first - and so far only - Masters title against the then-fourth seed. It was a dramatic final which saw Federer take a one-set lead before the Austrian forced a decider, where the 41-year-old was two points away from the title before losing. Federer could have gone on to compete the ‘sunshine double’ that year, as he ended up winning the Miami Open but Thiem denied him one final Indian Wells title before his injury hiatus and subsequent retirement. And the 29-year-old has now talked through the tough match, claiming it was “unbelievable” to see one of the top players be so happy for his success even in defeat. “I remember that from all of the finals I played, this was actually one of the most relaxed approaches from my side because I came from a bad start to the season,” Thiem explained.  Just in Emma Raducanu was asleep 'two minutes' before Indian Wells win [LATEST] “And I found myself in a Masters 1000 final against Roger, who played great that time.” Currently ranked at No 102 in the world, Thiem claimed he couldn’t have played a better first set and was still “destroyed”, a credit to Federer. He continued: “I knew how Roger can play and I know why everybody loves to watch him but there I felt it as an opponent. He made everything look so easy and I played a great first set, I didn’t do a lot of wrong stuff but he basically just destroyed me. I played really one of my best sets I would say on a hard court and I lost it 3-6.” Thiem was able to get an early break in the second set which proved crucial and reviewed his comeback against one of the sport’s greats. “I felt like ‘Okay, I’m playing well but it’s Roger on the other side. He’s having a great day so there’s basically no chance.’ And then I made a break and things shifted a bit and I was also playing very well at the time,” he explained.  Don't miss... Andy Murray fears lucky streak will end soon after Indian Wells win [INTERVIEW] Jack Sock has gorgeous wife after dating multiple tennis stars [FEATURE] Serena Williams point made as Wilander discusses Swiatek dominance [EXPERT]  “The third set I approached in a way that in one set I can beat anybody on any day. I was just hoping for the best and it turned out that I won it that day.” And Thiem also shared a special moment from after the match as he watched himself lifting the trophy four years earlier with Federer and Indian Wells tournament director Tommy Haas smiling in the background. “To be honest if I could choose one Masters 1000 to win, probably it would be this one,” he said, before turning his attention to Federer. “One of the matches I’ll remember forever. Also so nice from him. I felt like also when you see him at the ceremony that he was happy for me that I won which was unbelievably nice and everything was perfect,” he added. Unfortunately for the Austrian, it won’t be another title sweep in the Californian desert as he lost his opening match to Adrian Mannarino on Thursday. Thiem took the opening set 6-4 and was 5-3 up in the final set tiebreak but lost the last four points in a row to crash out 4-6 6-4 7-6(5).