Football Focus was replaced by an extra episode of Bargain Hunt with Final Score also being replaced with The Repair Shop. The change came after Gary Lineker was suspended from his presenting duties over a tweet he made about government immigration policies. Last night's Match of the day ran for a total of 20 minutes, despite normally running for 90 minutes with full commentary from presenters Gary Lineker, Ian Wright and Alan Shearer. The episode aired without the usual theme tune and saw highlights of the week's matches played accompanied with the sound of fans in the stands. Lizo Mzimba took to his Twitter to reveal the viewing figures of the show: "Last night's Match of the Day was watched by 2.58m TV viewers on BBC One. "Up nearly half a million on last Saturday's figure of 2.09 million according to BARB overnights. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers "It's the show's biggest audience since 5th November 2022 when 2.63m watched #MOTD."(sic) Viewers of the show responded to Lizo's tweet, with Liam Costello replying: "It’s not a massive surprise that people would tune in given all the interest. "But MOTD usually runs for close to two hours, finishing well beyond 11pm when the total TV audience has fallen dramatically. "An average based on 20 minutes would always appear bigger." (sic) @BeedleB added: "Keep it like that for a few more weeks to see if it wasn't just a blip... if it isn't and the viewing figure rise then you can ditch Lineker because he's just a waste of money." @ratesandstuff noted: "Had a load of advertising effectively, and people just wanted to see what it was like." Jonty replied to the observation: "It shows that the program is bigger than 1 man." @kb1_uk positively said: "I'm not too concerned who hosts MoTD, I don't watch it myself as it is on too long. Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] "I don't have almost 2 hrs to watch highlights when I can get all the goals from the Prem and lower EFL on YT in less than 15 minutes. Last night's show was refreshing IMO."(sic) Yesterday the BBC was forced to apologise to their viewers for the "limited sports programming" after many of Gary's co-stars pulled out of their positions. A BBC spokesperson said: "The BBC will only be able to bring limited sports programming this weekend and our schedules will be updated to reflect that. "We are sorry for these changes which we recognise will be disappointing for BBC sports fans. We are working hard to resolve the situation and hope to do so soon.” BBC Director General Tim Davie said: "Gary Lineker is a superb broadcaster, he’s the best in the business." He admitted it had been a “difficult day” but said he would not quit, adding: “Success for me is – Gary gets back on air. "And together we are giving audiences that world-class sports coverage which I’m sorry we haven’t been able to deliver today.” Match of the Day airs Saturday from 10:20pm on BBC One.