Handmaid's Tale author Margaret Atwood has sparked backlash after saying Prince Harry would have been murdered by a lesser royal. The Canadian writer issued the bizarre statement in an interview in which she said it's a good thing the Windsors don't enjoy the power that previous royal households have exercised in past centuries. An article in The Times about Ms Atwood reads: “An admirer of Game of Thrones, Attwood thinks Prince Harry, the self-described “spare”, is lucky to be born into a royal family that has been stripped of real power. “Otherwise 'he probably would have been murdered by somebody lower down in the food chain to get him out the way'.” The controversial comments have shocked a lot of people on Twitter, many of whom were saddened to read the remarks. One wrote: “Words fail me. What an utterly ridiculous comment to make. It’s so disheartening to discover some female authors that I revered after reading their books or using them to teach Literature are actually very nasty people.” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan will never get an apology from King, says expert    Another said: “Lucky you weren’t born in the 1700s eh! You probably would have been enslaved or beaten to death for speaking!” From theoretical pasts to the actual present, Attwood’s comments come after a difficult week for Prince Harry. There have been reports the Prince is being kicked out of Frogmore Cottage, a home gifted to him by the late Queen Elizabeth II. Two other members of the royal family are said to have been “appalled” whilst the new inhabitant of the property could reportedly be Prince Andrew. Don't miss... Harry faces 'exile' by royals as he sabotages bond with William [LATEST] Rebel Wilson condemned for 'slagging Meghan off' in interview [LATEST] Kate & Meghan wowed in cool style trend but accessorised differently [LATEST] Sources close to the King said he was outraged after a string of accusations made by Prince Harry in his recently published memoir. Harry’s attacks on the King’s wife are believed to have been the focus of King Charle's displeasure. Royal sources have also claimed the King took decisive action immediately after being passed a folder of findings which summarised details from Spare. An insider told the Mirror: “It was the last straw. Harry was well aware how Camilla would be a red line for his father and he crossed with flagrant disregard anyway. “The King felt without a doubt it crossed a line – it was the ultimate act of disrespect.” The latest news comes as uncertainty remains over whether Harry and Meghan will be present at Charles’ Coronation on May 6.