 Forecasters have warned that the UK is not likely to see an early spring as unsettled conditions are set to grip the nation over the next couple of weeks. The Met Office even warned that snow and wind may batter Britain, bringing travel chaos later this month.    Looking ahead, the Met Office warned in its long range forecast that the UK could be blanketed in snow in the second half of March. Wintry conditions could grip the nation “later rather than sooner”, forecasters have warned. The Met Office predicted in its long range forecast that frosty weather could cause chaos as commuters are set to face delays brought on by snow and powerful wind. It predicted the sub-zero weather "may be disruptive due to the potential combination of snow and strong winds" in the second half of next month. READ MORE:Iran's 'dangerous milestone' as UN confirms near-weapon grade Uranium   Jim Dale, senior meteorologist for British Weather Services, said: “Every day it backs off eastwards due the the Omega (blocking) to our west. “For now and the next 10 days that’s the winner. “I still fancy something will give but it’s now later rather than sooner.” The chilly weather warning comes after Britain experienced a major weather event this month. A sudden stratospheric warming (SSW), which was a huge factor in the deadly Beast from the East in 2018, was tipped to have a dramatic effect on the nation's weather fronts in the coming weeks. DON'T MISSKate and William wise to Harry and Meghan's 'mission of destruction' [REVEAL]Greta Thunberg protests against wind farms despite green stance [INSIGHT]£10k reward to help find missing baby with 200 officers on search [UPDATE]  The Met Office’s long range forecast for the next two weeks warns of a return of wintry conditions as well as below average temperatures. For the period between March 5 and March 14, the Met Office predicts: “On Sunday, a mixture of sunny spells with scattered showers likely in the north and east, turning particularly wintry over northern hills and in the far northeast at times, and perhaps becoming more frequent in the north later. “Drier conditions with sunny spells are expected in the rest of the country, with isolated showers possible at times. “Light winds are expected for most, but moderate or fresh in the east. For the rest of the period, settled conditions are most likely across the country, with some wintry showers and snow the north and east at times. “There is an increasing chance of it turning more unsettled later with spells of rain or snow becoming more likely. “Temperatures overall will be below average, but gradually trend up through the period.”  