CBS’s high-stake drama follows an FBI Fugitive Task Force that relentlessly pursues and captures notorious criminals on the Bureau’s Most Wanted list. However, in the midst of all the drama, fans may have noticed the next episode of the crime-drama series isn’t planning to air next week. It’s not clear why the show has been rescheduled to air a week late but many could guess it is to do with a CBS schedule shake-up. The network has recently seen a schedule change around with many of its other hit shows after it announced which series would be renewed for the 2023-24 broadcasting season. Fans will be pleased to know that the FBI spin-off is set to return back to CBS on March 14. Despite episode 15 being delayed, fans have been given the title of Double Fault, but as of yet, no synopsis has been revealed. The team includes Special Agent Sheryll Barnes (Roxy Sternberg), a former NYPD detective and forensics expert who is raising two young children with her wife; Special Agent Hana Gibson (Keisha Castle-Hughes). Special Agent Kristin Gaines (Alexa Davalos), a Navy veteran who became a star in the FBI’s Miami Field Office as a result of her strong pursuit to solve cold cases. And the squad's newest member, former New Orleans cop-turned-junior detective Ray Cannon (Edwin Hodge), who was recently working Violent Crimes in Albany after following in his retired FBI agent father’s footsteps and graduating at the top of his class at Quantico last year. The fourth season of the show focuses on stars Dylan McDermott as Supervisory Special Agent Remy Scott, Alexa Davalos as Special Agent Kristin Gaines and the rest of the team as they hunt down America’s most wanted. This week's instalment kicked off with a violent murder of a rising triathlete star, named Sparrow May. And as soon as lead star Remy Scott arrived at the scene and saw the body, he thought it was rage driven. As the show proceeds, the squad narrows down its search to find the murderer, leading them to hunt down Sparrow’s love interest, Colbey who viewers later find out was a huge player. However, one of Colbey’s other girlfriends, Mavis, was later found to be guilty of the vicious attack on Sparrow, after a blood-stained towel was found wrapped around the murder weapon with Mavis' DNA on it.  Fans have speculated that season four will keep them entertained all the way up to spring when the finale for Most Wanted will show sometime in May. Last year, CBS also confirmed the spin-off will be returning for a fifth run. Developers of the hit crime show have not revealed much about FBI: Most Wanted Season five, although it is expected to continue from where the fourth season will end. The main cast members who carried season four are also expected to reprise their roles for the upcoming season to continue the action-packed storyline.  The fourth season of FBI: Most Wanted has raked an average 0.41 rating in the 18-49 demographic and 5.05 million viewers in the live+same day ratings. An improvement from season three which was down by 22 percent in the demo and down by 10 percent in viewership. While these numbers don’t include further delayed or streaming viewing, they are a very good indicator of how the show is performing, especially when compared to others on the same channel. FBI: Most Wanted will return to CBS in the USA on March 14. A UK release date is yet to be announced.