Antiques Road Trip sees its experts travel around the country, in the hope of spotting some rare finds they can sell on for a profit. While many go in search of particular items which interest them personally, others take the risk and purchase things they may not know quite as much about. Expert Irita Marriott came across a "macabre" medical kit which turned out to be the right buy. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Antiques Road Trip. Antique Road Trip's Irita Marriott and co-host Mark Hill went to Fens in search of valuable antiques. They went their separate ways to make their own finds with Irita visiting Stratton Oakford Antiques in Whittlesey. It was here that she came across a small item that turned out to be surprisingly profitable. However, Irita admitted she got "a bit faint" as it was a portable surgeon's amputation kit. READ MORE: Ken Bruce pays tribute to fans in emotional final Radio 2 message Opening the leather box, she explained: "Now I feel I need to be sat down to even look at this item because I might get a bit faint. "It is a portable surgeon's amputation kit. "You've got two hooks, you've got the saw part and what you do is you put it on the hooks and you have a bone saw for amputations. "And then, once you've amputated and you need to stitch up - that is your needle." The kit, which was completed with all of its equipment, was predicted to be made sometime between the 1830s and 1930s. Irita ended up paying just £60 for the item, having managed to get a half-price discount from the original price of £120. Auctioneer Jemima believed the portable kit would be the "star item" during the auction at Brettells. Thankfully for Irita, who wasn't initially keen on the item, Jemima's hunch turned out to be correct. DON'T MISS...Beyond Paradise viewers 'heartbroken' at tribute to Ruth Madoc [TRIBUTE]Denise Welch emotional as she announces she's a grandmother  [CAST]Bargain Hunt star Kate Bliss has her 20 years of antiques experience [EXPLAINER] At first, the sale started at £85, so Irita was already making a profit on the item. From then, the bidding continued both in the room and online with plenty of offers coming in. After an intense few minutes, Jemima eventually hit the hammer at £180. So this meant Irita had made a profit of a whopping £120 on the surgeon's kit. Both experts were determined to come out on top following the auction but it was Irita who was crowned the day's winner. She walked away with a profit of £568.42, whereas Mark left with £419.56 for all of their auctioned items. They made far more than the previous episode in Hertfordshire when the pair had a profit of just £220. Antiques Road Trip airs every weekday at 3.45pm on BBC One.