Meghan Markle and Prince Harry will have "no control" over King Charles's Coronation, royal expert and historian Dr Ed Owens believes. The historic event will be organised in an "extraordinarily careful" manner, leaving nothing to the guests' choice or improvisation, Dr Owens said. He told Express.co.uk: "Harry and Meghan will have no control over how this event plays out, the Royal Household will have complete control over this event. "The rehearsal schedule will be extremely intense. Everything will be organised down to the second in terms of how the event is meant to unfold, in terms of the role of the different performers. "If Harry and Meghan are present on the day, they are going to be minor figures at the fringe of this event." Dr Owens added Buckingham Palace will have full control of the event's media narrative, down to the more minute details. Much as it happened with the funeral service of Queen Elizabeth II, the Palace will be "able to control what images broadcasters can share with the public" among other things, Dr Owens said. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been invited to the Coronation, as one of their spokespeople confirmed over the weekend. They said: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation." However, they added, "an immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend" would not be immediately disclosed. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf' Over the past few years, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex spoke at length about their fractured relationship with members of the Firm - including King Charles. Prince Harry and Meghan launched damaging allegations and criticism against the Royal Family and how the Palace operates in various interviews, a Netflix docu-series and the Duke's memoir. However, Harry didn't close the door to reconciliation, saying in multiple interviews he was available to discuss their differences with his royal relatives. Speaking with ITV's Tom Bradby as part of the promotional tour of his book, Harry said when asked if he would attend the Coronation: "There's a lot that can happen between now and then. But, you know, the door is always open. Don't miss... Fergie claims she 'hasn't really met' Meghan after curtsey claims [INSIGHT] Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’  [REPORT] Archie and Lilibet risk becoming 'royal celebrities', author says [EXCLUSIVE] "The ball is in their court. There's a lot to be discussed, and I really hope that they are willing to sit down and talk about it." However, Harry also demanded in a different interview an apology from the Firm, something experts have said is unlikely to ever happen. Nevertheless, conversations between the Sussexes and the Palace have continued to take place behind the scenes, as shown by the fact that Harry and King Charles reportedly discussed the use of Princess Lilibet Diana and Prince Archie Harrison's titles in late 2022. The Coronation will take place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey and it will be televised around the world.