Star Wars fans have been feasting in recent years with the continued Disney Plus TV series releases. The Mandalorian and Andor have come out on top as some of the best Star Wars products in years, but the desire for a new movie hasn't dwindled. The last picture set a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away was 2019's sequel trilogy ending, The Rise of Skywalker. And now one of the Disney bosses has opened up about the next step for the franchise. Bob Iger recently appeared at the Morgan Stanley Technology, Media and Telecom Conference where he spoke about the company and its various brands. (Via Deadline) During the conference, he spoke candidly about the future of the Star Wars series. Iger explained Disney is "still developing Star Wars films". He went on to add: "We're going to make sure when we make one, it's the right one." He went on to add that Disney are "being very careful there" in terms of releasing the correct kind of Star Wars movie. The Chief Executive Officer of Disney Studios went on to reveal what the company felt was "disappointing" about one of the most recent Star Wars pictures. Iger confessed the 2018 origin movie Solo: A Star Wars Story had "disappointing" box office returns. As a result, Iger confirmed, Solo "gave us pause" in terms of the feature film pipeline. He noted executives determined that "maybe the cadence was a little too aggressive". Solo was the last off-shoot movie to hit cinemas, following Rogue One in 2016. Further reports this month revealed two other upcoming Star Wars movies had been scrapped behind the scenes. Don't miss... The Mandalorian fans complain they ‘can’t see a thing’ in episode 2 [FAN REACTION] The Mandalorian creators clear up confusion over Star Wars timeline [INFO] The Mandalorian fans baffled as premiere explains Cara Dune exit [INFO] Two untitled Star Wars movies - one being produced by Marvel boss Kevin Feige, and another by Wonder Woman director Patty Jenkins - were reportedly "shelved" in recent weeks. Despite these disappointments, Iger confirmed the Disney Plus instalments, such as The Mandalorian and Andor, had been "extremely successful". Taika Waititi's upcoming Star Wars movie is apparently still in the works, however. Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy previously said the Thor: Love and Thunder director would be dropping his picture in "late 2023" but had "not locked anything in". Waititi himself recently spoke about his new Star Wars movie and confirmed it would be an entirely new story. Waititi told Total Film: "Look, I think for the Star Wars universe to expand, it has to expand. I don't think that I'm any use in the Star Wars universe making a film where everyone's like: 'Oh great, well that's the blueprints to the Millennium Falcon, ah that's Chewbacca's grandmother.' "That all stands alone, that's great, though I would like to take something new and create some new characters and just expand the world, otherwise it feels like it's a very small story." The Star Wars films and TV shows are available on Disney Plus now.