Guy Verhofstadt has been torn to shreds by an ardent Brexiteer after the outspoken former MEP insisted: "Brexit doesn’t work, will not work, cannot work!" The ex-Belgian Prime Minister and MEP has continued to be a huge critic of the UK's decision to leave the European Union but nearly seven years after 17.4 million Britons voted to leave the bloc, he is still launching furious attacks. This time he has taken to Twitter to react to a 30-second video clip posted on the social media platform where Nick Ferrari is interviewing Sir Martin Broughton on his LBC radio show. Mr Ferrari asks the British businessman and deputy chairman of International Airlines Group, parent company of British Airways, Iberia and Vueling: "Is Britain an attractive place to invest, in your view?" Sir Martin replies: "In my view it has become a lot less attractive post-Brexit because making it difficult to trade with your biggest market is a dumb thing to do." "That therefore makes it a less attractive place to invest." Mr Verhofstadt was quick to jump on these comments, and wrote on Twitter: "Simple as that. Brexit doesn’t work, will not work, cannot work!" But his anti-Brexit opinion has been torn apart by Nile Gardiner, a former aide to Lady Margaret Thatcher, who replied: "Mind your own business Guy and respect democracy." The former Belgian MEP also came under attack from several other people on Twitter, who laid into him over his latest views on Brexit. Twitter user "john rudd" (@Johnnyr1970) hit back: "Oh Guy, we've gone, please move on, it's being made more painful by the constant griping coming from folk like you. "The UK has chosen its path whether we agree with it or not, we just have to make the best of it." READ MORE: 'Debt trap' to trigger financial crash as interest rates race past 6% "CPierceUK" (@CPierceUK) wrote: "Dear Guy Verhofstadt, Brexit has happened poppet. "The UK doesn’t need an unaccountable, supranational body determining and dictating its laws. We just need to sort out the Northern Ireland exit, and elect capable politicians to lead us." Fellow Twitter user "Bob Beattie" (@bobbt2417) replied to the claims from Mr Verhofstadt that "Brexit doesn't work" by commenting: "But it does. "The PMI survey showed new order volumes grew at the strongest pace since May last year, helped by a rebound in exports and stronger demand from customers in Western Europe and the United States." DON'T MISS:  POLL: Is Boris Johnson right to put his father forward for knighthood? [POLL] Sunak urged to 'reset' EU trade deal by UK manufacturers [COMMENTS] Minister branded 'Lord Gobbledy of Gook' in Brexit bonfire row [REACTION] Last month, a Bank of England policymaker claimed Brexit has dealt the UK economy a "productivity penalty" of £29bn, or £1,000 per household. Jonathan Haskel, an external member of the Bank's monetary policy committee, said following the referendum vote in 2016, a wave of investment "stopped in its tracks" in 2016 following the vote. He added the UK had "suffered much more" of a productivity slowdown than other large economies because of Brexit. During an interview with website newsletter The Overshoot, Mr Haskel had been asked why he thought the UK was an "extreme outlier" when it came to facing a slowdown in productivity. He said: "Yes, we suffered much more. A bit of that is that we have this larger financial sector. But I think it really goes back to Brexit. "If you look in the period up to 2016, it's true that we had a bigger slowdown in productivity up to 2016, but we had a lot of investment. We had a big boom between 2012-ish to 2016. "But then investment just plateaued from 2016, and we dropped to the bottom of G7 countries." The Treasury said it did not recognise Mr Haskel's figures, while the Bank of England declined to comment.