Prince Harry is doing his wife's bidding while she isolates herself from the ongoing fallout, one royal author has claimed. Since the Sussexes released their Netflix docudrama in December, Harry has launched his tell-all memoir, taken part in numerous interviews to promote it and sat down with trauma expert Dr Gabor Maté, while Meghan Markle has kept a low profile. In so doing, the Duchess of Sussex is reaping the rewards while Harry takes the heat from his controversial remarks about the Royal Family, Tom Bower, author of Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, suggested to GB News. "Meghan, the person that really fired up this whole crisis, is absent," the royal biographer claimed. He continued: "She is sending Harry out to fight her battles while she stays in obscurity. She's using him to fight her enemies: the Royal Family." Bower added: "He's the one who takes all the flak and she stands back. He has become her puppet." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan warned US is 'absolutely sick of them' as popularity plummets Harry's media campaign has sparked a backlash on both sides of the pond. Initial polling conducted six days after the release of his tell-all memoir, Spare, found his popularity had sunk. Redfield & Wilton's asked 2,000 eligible US voters to rate how much they liked the Duke following the release of Spare and the couple's Netflix docuseries, Harry & Meghan. The polling company found the Duke of Sussex's favourability score had plummeted to -7 from a high +38 on December 5. Don't miss... Piers Morgan slams Clarkson fans wanting Lineker axed after Meghan row [LATEST] Meghan 'really lets go' as close pal says Duchess has 'lots of fun' [LATEST] Harry's 'rudeness' would have ‘appalled Diana', says Vanessa Feltz [LATEST] More recent polling has found Harry and his wife Meghan's popularity has further sunk into the negative. According to polling undertaken in Britain on March 1 by strategists Redfield & Wilton, Harry's net approval rating has dropped 37 points since November to -22. Meghan's has also dropped 31 points leaving her with an approval rating of -33. The latest polling is a blow to the Sussexes brand but other royals did not fare much better. READ MORE: Meghan is 'effortless' in all black but some fans say one detail 'takes away the chicness' Prince Andrew's net approval rating now sits at -53, a 22-point drop since November. Queen Camilla received an approval rating of +1, a 24-point drop since before Harry's memoir and docuseries were released. Camilla and Prince William were perhaps the royals most negatively portrayed in Harry's tell-all memoir and the interviews undertaken to promote it ahead of its record-breaking release on January 10. In the book, Harry accuses his stepmother of leaking stories to the media about him in order to sacrifice him on her "PR altar" in the pursuit of earning public favour. He also made a number of swipes against his brother in the book, recounting at one point a physical attack at Kensington Palace in 2019. Despite Harry's divisive remarks, the Duke and his wife have been invited to his father's Coronation on May 6. Harry and Meghan have not yet confirmed whether they will attend the historic occasion. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews