Injured Chelsea star Thiago Silva was seen raging after Jude Bellingham wiped out Reece James late in the Blues’ Champions League win over Borussia Dortmund. Silva seemed to call for Bellingham to be sent off for a frustrated challenge on his England team-mate. The Brazil star watched from the stands as Chelsea came from behind on aggregate to beat Dortmund 2-0 at Stamford Bridge. His wife Belle recorded a video of the pair reacting to Bellingham’s tackle on James. Reported Chelsea transfer target Bellingham lunged in on the wing-back after he miscontrolled the ball. James’s knee appeared to jar but there was no serious damage, with the close friends seen laughing together moments later. Veteran defender Silva remained unhappy, though, shouting in Portuguese from the expensive seats at Stamford Bridge. Belle filmed the 38-year-old getting up from his seat holding his head in his hands, clearly worried that James had suffered a serious injury. JUST IN: Havertz compared to Van Persie after Chelsea clinch Dortmund win Silva apparently called Bellingham a “son of a b****” before demanding that referee Danny Makkelie send off the Three Lions prospect. According to various translations, Silva raged: “Son of a b****. Not my full-back! Red card!” Makkelie played advantage as it seemed as though James had sent Chelsea on a dangerous counter-attack. But he later brought play back for a Blues free-kick and showed Bellingham a yellow card. Replays showed that the decision was correct, with Bellingham’s tackle not meeting the requirements for a sending-off. Chelsea advanced to the quarter-finals of the Champions League thanks to goals from Raheem Sterling and Kai Havertz. Silva was unable to play having been ruled out for several months with a knee ligament injury. Don't miss... Chelsea ace Havertz admits what he 'can't believe' about Potter in dig [LATEST] Boehly's tunnel reaction to Chelsea win says it all after blunt remark [LATEST] Rio Ferdinand slaughters UEFA rules after Chelsea get away with one [LATEST] The former PSG ace suffered the problem during Chelsea’s 2-0 defeat at Tottenham last month. A club statement at the time read: “Having sustained a knee injury during the first half of Sunday’s match against Tottenham Hotspur, Thiago underwent further assessment and a scan on his return to the training centre on Monday. “Scan results from those assessments have confirmed damage to Thiago’s knee ligaments and he will now work closely with the club’s medical department during his rehabilitation to return to action as soon as possible." Silva made 27 appearances before suffering his injury. He recently signed a contract extension until the end of the 2023-24 season, which will take him close to his 40th birthday. Meanwhile, Bellingham has been linked with a summer transfer to big-spending Chelsea. However, the Blues will face strong competition from Liverpool, Real Madrid and a host of Europe’s biggest clubs.