Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were reportedly left in the dark about Frogmore Cottage being earmarked for Prince Andrew after their exit. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been issued with an eviction notice by Buckingham Palace.  A spokeswoman from the Foundation confirmed the development and said in a statement: "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” According to the reports, the couple who is currently living in California, have been given until just after the Coronation to vacate their Windsor home. The Sussexes were said to have been disappointed when told they were being evicted from the property in January, three years after announcing that they were quitting royal duties and relocating abroad. However, the revelation that their much-loved home has been offered to the Duke of York might serve to aggravate what have already been “difficult” talks, reported The Telegraph.   The King asked the Sussexes to vacate their five-bedroom Georgian cottage around the time that Spare, the Duke’s memoir, was published in the New Year, but discussions have only recently gathered pace. A friend told the publication that the decision had not been welcomed by the couple, noting that they had “made that place their home”. Frogmore Cottage, a Grade-II listed 10-bedroom property in the grounds of Windsor Castle in Berkshire, was a gift to the royal couple from the late Queen. They refurbished the property, owned by the Crown Estate, at an estimated cost of £2.4m in 2018-19. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry look to 'upstage' Coronation with major royal update  The cost was initially covered by taxpayers through the Sovereign Grant before being repaid in full by Prince Harry. The Duke and Duchess now live in California with their two children, Archie and Lilibet, after quitting life as working royals in 2020. They retained the cottage as their UK residence, and last year celebrated their daughter's first birthday there. Meanwhile, Prince Andrew has reportedly told friends that he does not want to leave Royal Lodge, his home of 20 years, and is pushing back against the plans, which have been put down to “budgets and running costs”. DON'T MISS:Australia reluctant to acquire British nuclear submarines [REEVAL]Young girl dies in her father's arms after suddenly falling ill [SPOTLIGHT]'Enough said!' Camilla wades into woke row with at Roald Dahl edit  [INSIGHT] He moved into the 30-room Grade-II listed house in Windsor Great Park following the death of the Queen Mother in 2002, taking on a 75-year lease. From next month, the King will cut Prince Andrew’s annual £249,000 allowance from the Duchy of Lancaster, which may leave him no choice as he has indicated he will be unable to afford the upkeep of the 98-acre property, reported The Telegraph. Royal sources told the publication that the monarch would not leave his brother “homeless or penniless”. 