The creators of the hit show, The Traitors are bringing their latest reality show to Channel 4. The first trailer for Rise and Fall has just landed and shows people in a power battle worthy of an episode of Succession. The show will be hosted by BBC Radio 1's breakfast show presenter Greg James. The trailer gives a taste of what to expect as a Ruler looks at the camera while sitting at an opulent banquet and welcomes people to, “the game where rulers like me have all the power.” Before he can finish the sentence, a hand reaches up through the floor and pulls him down it as a woman says simply: “Nope”. She then explains: “In this game, a grafter gets the chance to take control…” but she is tackled to the ground before she can continue. This leads to an all-out riot between the rulers and the grafters as everything to hand gets used as a weapon. DON'T MISS: Four In a Bed star 'turned down' show after bosses refused request The premise sees sixteen ordinary British people, from all walks of life and ages, begin the game as equals but they soon find themselves either in a position of power as a Ruler or as part of the powerless as a Grafter. Anyone can rise to a position of power and anyone can fall, but only one Ruler can win the prize fund at the end of the game and who rises and who falls will be decided by the other Players. The Grafters work to complete a series of gruelling games and challenges to build a cash prize fund only the Rulers can win. The Rulers must encourage them to work harder but if they push them too hard, they might find themselves toppled from power. Greg James also took to his Tik Tok to announce the news in a short clip to his 272.7k followers. Giving his fans a glimpse of the actual luxury apartment contestants will live in he said: "This is an announcement, and I am very excited to tell you that I am the host of a new reality TV show on Channel 4 called Rise and Fall. “It’s made by the same people who did The Traitors, so you know it’s gonna be good.” He continued by explaining the premise of the show, saying: “It’s a game of winning power. DON'T MISS: Love Island stars in 'tears' after show favourites 'axed' [SPOILER]Royle Family star rules out reboot over fears it would 'be mean'  [INSIGHT]Steph McGovern announces break from show  [SPOILER] “So, it’s about getting power, keeping power and our contestants, sixteen of them, are from all walks of life and they will live here. “Some of them will rise to the top. Some of them will fall to the bottom. “But one person will walk away with an enormous cash prize.” Claiming that he wasn’t allowed to say any more, he signed off asking people to watch.  One of his followers Hanna was hooked, responding to the video: “If Greg James is hosting I’m watching.” Jill seemed excited by the pedigree of producer writing: “You had me at ‘Same people that did the traitors’.’” (sic) However, a user called Declan2203 stipulated a condition he had to tune in. “I will watch but they better not have famous friends or famous family members because that p***** me off,” he wrote. “Normal people, that's what we want.”  Rise and Fall will be on Channel 4 in the coming weeks.