Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been accused of using their announcement of Prince Archie Harrison and Princess Lilibet Diana's royal titles as a "retaliation" against senior royals. Speaking to Palace Confidential, the Daily Mail's Diary Editor Richard Eden claimed that the timing of the announcement was "revenge" aimed at King Charles. He said that two big developments in recent weeks - the Frogmore Cottage eviction and the Coronation role of Queen Camilla's grandchildren - had likely "upset Harry and Meghan". Earlier this week, the Sussexes announced their daughter Princess Lilibet of Sussex had been christened and they used the title princess for the first time. A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan said: "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch. "This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace." Mr Eden suggested the move was Harry enacting revenge on his father for evicting him. JUST IN: Prince Harry's family 'did attend Princess Lilibet's christening'  He told the MailPlus programme: "It does strike me as revenge by Harry and Meghan. "What we've seen is two big developments over the past week. "Last week it emerged that they're being evicted from their only British home, which they described as their forever home at Frogmore Cottage. "Then we also learnt that Camilla's grandchildren were going to have roles at the Coronation.  "Both things I think will have upset Harry and Meghan. "They’ll be thinking 'What can we do to have our revenge?' and that’s making sure that their children can have these two titles." The title announcement prompted a swift change on the Royal Family's official website to make the prince and princess titles official. On the line of succession page, Archie and Lilibet are named as the Prince and Princess of Sussex. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan mocked over 'highly ironic' bid for royal titles [REACTION]Prince Harry playing 'dangerous game' to reinvent Sussex image in US [LIVE BLOG]British public demand Hunt protect pensions triple lock at new budget [POLL]  They are sixth and seventh in line to the throne, respectively. Previously they were listed as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. On the same programme, the Daily Mail's Royal Editor Rebecca English revealed the Sussexes had appeared to "force the Palace's hand" over the matter. She said that Harry and Meghan were "panicking" that Charles would move to prevent their children from receiving their royal titles, so they acted first. 