Kate Middleton stepped out at the BAFTAs last month wearing an affordable pair of Zara earrings that stole the show. They amplified her simple white Alexander McQueen dress to make the overall outfit look even more exciting. Ben Roberts is the Managing Director of Clogau, a Welsh-heritage jewellery brand that has an esteemed association with British royalty. For over 100 years, they have mined their gold from the same mine as many of the Royal Family’s wedding rings, including that of Queen Elizabeth II. Mr Roberts spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain how the Princess of Wales uses jewellery to spruce up her outfits. He said: “When it comes to fashion, history always repeats itself and we can see that in giant, 1980s-esque earrings we are seeing all over the catwalk including beloved brands like Bottega Veneta and Coach leading the trend. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims "Now, the trend is slowly making its way into the red carpet style of some of our favourite fashion icons, including the Princess of Wales at the BAFTA awards. "This bold and beautiful set of earrings from high-street brand Zara really added a modern look to the Princess’ classic style." The expert explained why the affordable jewels added "glamour" to Kate's overall outfit. Mr Roberts claimed: "The gold, floral design cascaded elegantly against the Princess’ dark hair while the studded rhinestones added an extra touch of glamour.  Don't miss... Queen Camilla has ‘awkward’ body language with royal fans - claims [BODY LANGUAGE] Kate and William have numerous security gates at Adelaide Cottage [PROPERTY] Royal fans are divided over Sarah Ferguson's £1,555 jacket [STYLE] "Stars on the red carpet are now thinking the bolder the better when it comes to their accessories! "Donning a pair of chandelier earrings adds a touch of elegance and really brings even the simplest of outfits to the next level." Kate will have inspired many royal fans, according to the expert, to choose a "statement" jewel to elevate their outfit. Mr Roberts added: "The world is your oyster when choosing statement earrings that suit you, with some of the most popular design trends ranging from bold, geometric droplets to an ornate, waterfall of flowers like the ones worn by the Princess of Wales. There’s lots of room to experiment. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims  "For those who want to imitate the Princess' bold look, we’d suggest letting the earrings do all the talking, and keeping your other accessories and hairstyles to a chic minimum." Kate managed to let her earrings be front and centre on the BAFTA red carpet, despite also wearing old Hollywood-style black gloves. Mr Roberts continued: "The Princess of Wales rocked a slicked-back, undone hairstyle and opted for no necklace, which allowed her gorgeous waterfall earrings to take centre stage.  "We hope we’ll see the Princess of Wales and the other fashion-forward members of the Royal Family reach for their boldest and most statement pieces on red carpet events this year. It makes their glamorous looks all the more exciting to look at!” Although Kate's earrings were fantastic, she also turned heads with her stunning Alexander McQueen gown that she had worn before. The gown was first seen at the 2019 BAFTA Awards. But Kate changed the shoulder detailing on the dress for the 2023 ceremony. The Princess' dress was updated by removing the floral petals and adding additional fabric on the shoulder. Kate also wore black gloves that reached her elbows, which echoed the old Hollywood style of Grace Kelly and Marilyn Monroe.