Aries (Mar21/Apr20) Sometimes it is not speaking out and sharing your own views that matter. Sometimes what matters is the willingness you show to listen to others. Someone in your life needs to feel their needs are important to you. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Life has come to a pause. This will be temporary. Use this time to try observing the big picture. Consider your situation from all different perspectives. Don't fall too easily into wishful thinking as a rational approach is needed for the next step of your journey. Gemini (May22/June21) A friend or colleague will share some great thoughts with you. You are reluctant to act on these for fear of being accused of stealing their ideas. One of the hardest things to know is what is right for you and what isn't. Cancer (June22/July23) Your thoughts are all over the place when there are a number of options you are considering for the future. You are being reminded that life is an adventure and it is time to have a little more fun. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's 'rift will be repaired' - astrology Leo (July24/Aug23) Be responsive to what is going on around you. Be in the moment. Being present in your approach to life will give you new insights and offer new perspectives as you make important decisions. Getting involved in a new social circle will bring some much-needed excitement. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) You're curious to learn more about subjects you have recently been introduced to. It makes sense to join forces with someone who shares your interests and curiosity. A new friend or partner will have a big influence on your life. Don't miss... 'Some signs will fare better than others' this March, says astrologer  [LATEST] Best destination for each zodiac sign for the perfect holiday [LIST] Chinese zodiac sign Pig must avoid 'misunderstandings' in 2023 [INSIGHT] Libra (Sept24/Oct23) It isn't much fun when someone else commits you to something you aren't keen on. Refuse to allow them to manipulate you in this way. You've been working hard to keep others' happy while trying to keep on top of your own responsibilities. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) Stay open to new creative projects and possibilities. This will be a way to keep learning and expanding your mental and physical horizons. Things may be moving rapidly soon but trust you will have plenty of energy and vitality to cope. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) Worries are keeping you awake at night and although you can't stop your mind from returning to the same problems, as the week progresses you will discover that nothing is or will be as bad as you had imagined. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) Repetition gives you a sense of security and familiarity but it also stops you from challenging yourself and stepping outside your creative, career or family boundaries. An addiction to the familiar is holding you back. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) You know someone isn't being genuine or honest with you. They are using your friendship while waiting for something definite to occur in their lives elsewhere. This is a temporary phase in their life and because you don't have a place in their future. 