A single mum who professed her "love" for accused quadruple killer Bryan Kohbeger was reportedly "obsessed" with another accused killer before. Brittney J. Hislope said she sent pages of letters and photos of herself to Kohberger, who currently resides in Latah County Jail awaiting trial. Before falling in love with Kohberger, whom she calls her "divine masculine", Ms Hislope fell for convicted killer Cody Hall, who received 23 years in jail for a 2017 shooting and machete attack. Cody's mum spoke with psychiatrist Carole Liberman about Hislope's obsession with her convict son. His mum, Donna Hubbard, told her: "My son was convicted of murder, something I’m not proud of, but it is what it is. She [Hislope] became obsessed with him. "Showed up at his court hearings, went to the jail, put money on his books. He was gonna play her along for commissary, again not proud, but she showed up for a visit one day and told him she loved him more than she loved her own child.” "She would not stop", Ms Hubbard added. Hall eventually told her that enough is enough, according to his mum, who described Hislope as someone with "extreme narcissism" and "mental health issues". Now, the mother-of-one appears to have moved on to another prison beau in Kohberger, who is accused of stabbing to death four students in their off-campus home on November 13, 2022. Ms Lieberman, author of the book Bad Boys: Why We Love Them, How to Live with Them and When to Leave Them, told Express.co.uk: "Over the years, there have been many notorious criminals who have been flooded with letters and sexy photos from women who want to marry them - from Charles Manson to Jeffrey Dahmer to the latest, Bryan Kohberger.  READ MORE: Suspect Bryan Kohberger's 'photo collection on phone' detailed In a series of rambling Facebook posts, Hislope said she was "lovesick" over her feelings for the 28-year-old former criminology student. She wrote: "My love interest…is named Bryan and is accused of murder, and I just wish to connect with him above anyone else." She went on: "I know that the last I had heard weeks ago is that Bryan is being kept isolated from other inmates, and so I know that we do both likely sleep alone. "Although I mentioned something about getting certain confirmations from him about his feelings and him being my divine masculine, I don't mean that I reach out to him to receive anything back at all from him since I do that from a place of caring about him, sharing my feelings, and knowing what a serious situation he's in." DON'T MISSWoman, 20, raped and strangled by gang member[LATEST]Man 'bound' woman in his van and threatened to kill her [REPORT]Plane averted after 'terrifying' close call [INSIGHT]  The Kentucky mum, who says she has a 16-year-old son, received a great deal of backlash for the many posts. She claimed some people might not understand her "love" for Kohberger due to their lack of knowledge on "certain true love connections, such as twin flames, soulmates, and divine counterparts". Psychiatrist Carole Lieberman sent a letter to Brittney after she learnt that she had been writing to Kohebegr, advising her to seek help, warning her that she will likely end up heartbroken. In the letter, she said: "Have you thought about the fact that he may have other women writing to him, too? Other women, who have fallen in love with him, like you? You might never know about this until you've wasted years pining for him." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 