 Former Health Secretary Matt Hancock’s handling of the coronavirus pandemic has come under scrutiny following the leaking of more than 100,000 WhatsApp messages sent between Mr Hancock and other ministers and officials. But do you think his management of Covid was negligent? Vote in our poll.  The messages, published by the Daily Telegraph’s Lockdown Files Team, allege Mr Hancock rejected advice from Chief Medical Officer Professor Sir Chris Whitty to test all residents going into English care homes. The messages in April 2020 allegedly show Sir Chris advising testing for “all going into care homes”. But further messages suggest Mr Hancock did not follow the guidance, telling an aide that the move “muddies the waters”. Mr Hancock also allegedly expressed concern about how expanding care home testing could “get in the way” of the daily targets of 100,000 coronavirus tests. Mandatory testing for those entering care homes from hospitals was in place but was not brought in for those from the community until later. Mr Hancock is said to be “considering all options” over the leaked messages. A spokesman for the West Suffolk MP said: “It is outrageous that this distorted account of the pandemic is being pushed with partial leaks, spun to fit an anti-lockdown agenda, which would have cost hundreds of thousands of lives if followed. READ MORE: Nick Robinson rages a 'naive' Hancock over leaked WhatsApp messages   “What the messages do show is a lot of people working hard to save lives. The full documents have already all been made available to the inquiry, which is the proper place for an objective assessment, so true lessons can be learned. “The story spun on care homes is completely wrong. What the messages show is that Mr Hancock pushed for testing of those going into care homes when that testing was available. “Instead of spinning and leaks we need the full, comprehensive inquiry, to ensure we are as well prepared as we can be for the next pandemic, whenever it comes.” So what do YOU think? Was Mr Hancock negligent in the handling of Covid? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.