Leyla (played by Roxy Shahidi) landed herself in a lot of trouble and her life was left hanging in the balance when she was secretly addicted to the drug. The ordeal led to the breakdown of her marriage to Dr Liam Cavanagh (Jonny McPherson) and has since left her focusing on herself and getting off of the drugs. However, official Emmerdale spoilers reveal Leyla may not be clear of her addiction just yet as an arrest could pull her back down the dark path. After getting through her stint in rehab, Leyla was tempted to go back to the drug but managed to resist, with her son Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant) coming in at the precise moment and thought he had caught her about to relapse. The misunderstanding led to Jacob taking matters into his own hands and confronting her dealer Callum (Tom Ashley). The encounter led to Jacob being stabbed with a knife he'd brought for protection and almost losing his life trying to protect his mother. Leyla and Jacob's relationship hasn't been the same since with Leyla trying her best to get back into Jacob's good books. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' The loss of Priya Sharma (Fiona Wade), who moved to London after getting the job that was initially promised to Leyla, was another blow to her life. She has since been spending more time with Suzy Merton (Martelle Edinborough) who was previously her drug-taking buddy. Their friendship left questions and an uneasy feeling for Jai Sharma (Chris Bisson) and he warned Leyla he didn't think spending time with Suzy was a good idea. In upcoming scenes, Leyla is worried this big night out with the village might increase her temptation to relapse. However, being a good friend Suzy reassures her, convincing Leyla to come out and bury her fears. Both are determined to have a good time and attend the party together, putting their worries to the side for one night. However, later in the night, Leyla spots Callum in the club and her mood shifts and she becomes vulnerable to his actions. Suzy also spots Callum in the corner of the club and convinces Leyla to be smart about her next move. DON'T MISS...Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [LATEST]Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection [WATCH]James Jordan warns 'best skater' may not win Dancing On Ice  [INSIGHT] Wanting to put an end to the fear she feels in his presence, Leyla begins to record Callum's mid-drug deal, hoping she can get him bang to rights. As he’s handcuffed and taken away, Leyla confronts him and reveals she caught him, celebrating how he would no longer affect her life. Suzy fears she’s made a terrible mistake and begs for her to stop gloating. Has Leyla just put herself in a more vulnerable position in Callum is let off with a warning? Callum could return into Leyla's life and manipulate her into dealing for him after being caught with the drugs by the police. Is Leyla about to walk down yet another dangerous path? Viewers of the ITV soap will remember Leyla and Callum have a volatile relationship after he threatened to cause her harm if she couldn't keep a bag of drugs safe. Is history about to repeat itself? Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.