Garden lawns are likely looking a little worse for wear after months of wet and cold weather. For many, lawns haven’t had any regular maintenance or mowing since October. Moss, weeds and thatch often build up during this time giving lawns a dishevelled appearance. While there are some jobs that can’t be tackled just yet, there are still plenty of tasks to start now in order to prepare lawns for spring and summer. Zach Osta, owner of Sycamore Lawn Care, a family-run business based in West Yorkshire, has exclusively shared with Express.co.uk which lawn care tasks we should be doing in March in order to achieve “green” and “thick” grass. At this time of year, we would expect the weather to be warming up. However, with temperatures continuing to drop, some of us are still experiencing frosty mornings. While a frosty lawn may look beautiful on a sunny morning, it’s important you don’t set foot on your grass when it’s frosty. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p Frosty footprints damage the grass underneath which can be difficult to repair come spring. Zach said scarifying and aerating is his “ultimate springtime lawn care tip”. He continued: “Thatch and moss build up in a lawn over time, particularly during winter months. “But when spring hits, the soil is starting to warm up, which means a lawn will recover well from deeper mechanical treatments. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass [INSIGHT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [UPDATE]Cleaning solutions to ‘avoid’ using on your sofas [ANALYSIS] “The scarification process pulls thatch and moss from a lawn, allowing new grass room to grow once the weather picks up come spring/summer. “The aeration process works by creating small holes within the grass, to improve ventilation and improve the passage of water and nutrients to the lawn roots. “The two together reduce thatch and compaction – the main aim for a good-looking lawn come summer.” It’s easy to underestimate the importance of watering your lawn, especially during the cooler months. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening ‘mistakes’ to avoid this spring Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Lawns are hardy and can often withstand even the most extreme weather conditions. However, they still need a good drink of water in the spring months, especially if there has been a long period of time without rain. Zach continued: “Spring can bring some dry weather, and for any prolonged hot and dry spells, the grass needs a good drink – just like any other plants in the garden. “This is particularly true just after an intense treatment such as a scarification.” Spring is a great time of year to start using lawn treatments on your grass. Zach said working with a lawn specialist to treat your gardens every season is the “best way to ensure green, fluffy, thick grass all year round”. Lawn treatments can be mixed to suit certain weather conditions and often include a balance of fertilisers and weed killers.