A lawyer left a court in stunned silence on Thursday as he argued the jury couldn't convict his client for being a "b****". Angela Pollina has been charged with murder over the death of 8-year-old Thomas Valva. Ms Pollina allegedly forced her ex-partner Michael Valva to lock his autistic son in a freezing garage the night before he died.  Addressing the jurors at the end of the trial, attorney Matthew Tuohy said the court should ignore Pollina's demand to move Thomas and his older brother Anthony into her garage. He said: "Who cares. It was several months before. Yeah, she was a bad person before… but not on that day. "She wanted the boys exiled to the garage. She got up and owned it, she said it was wrong.” He insisted the boys' father, Michael Valva, was the main culprit in Thomas's death. JUST IN: Hamburg shooter who 'killed at least seven people at Jehovah's Witness centre' named Tuohy added: "It’s all Michael Valva. She could be mean, she wanted the boys exiled to the garage but she didn’t kill him. She’s got no part of that. "That is all the father… There’s no crime for being a b**ch" But Assistant District Attorney Kerriann Kelly did not hold back as she immediately shut the defence down and said Pollina's alleged abuse of Thomas had directly contributed to his death by hypothermia in 2020. Kelly said: "She acknowledged it was evil – and it was. READ MORE: Wagner chief 'wants Putin gone' leaving Russian President 'nervous' of power grab "She tortured them. Screamed at them. She forced him out into the cold. Thomas was tortured and died for the sin of being autistic.” At the time of his death, Thomas had no body fat, sunken hips and a chronic kidney infection due to having to hold his urine. The final verdict is due to be announced on Friday after two weeks of intense testimonies. Pollina testified herself, saying the night Thomas died was "a little chilly" while she was "comfortable" inside her New Jersey home. DON'T MISS Man ‘kills 15-year-old daughter’ in nightmare killing [CRIME] Evil stepmother killed toddler after slapping him 'multiple times' [LATEST] Serial killer obsessed murderer has obsession with 'Chucky' [INSIGHT] Jurors could be heard whispering "oh my God" as they listened to the woman talk, with one member of the jury spotted wiping tears from his face as they heard how the 8-year-old and his older brother Anthony repeatedly experience abuse at the hands of Pollina and their father Michael. One witness said the woman had been heard on several occasions cursing and screaming at Thomas, with the boy's father joining in the abuse as he helped his ex-fiancée mock the boy for his autism. During the trial, jurors were shown videos of Thomas and his 10-year-old brother Anthony shivering on the garage floor. Text messages showed Pollina had complained about Thomas grabbing a dirty towel from the laundry basket in a desperate attempt to keep warm. She wrote to Valva: "That SOB Thomas went in the dirty laundry basket to get a dirty towel. Look how he sneaks." Thomas died of hypothermia on January 17, 2020, at Long Island Community Hospital but a paramedic who testified earlier in the trial said the boy was likely already dead when emergency services were called in. The boy was found to have spent more Thant 16 hours in the freezing garage before being hosed down in 21F (-6C) cold. Michael Valva was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison for the second-degree murder of Thomas in December. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews