Ken Bruce is well known for his popular PopMaster quiz on BBC Radio 2, having been with the broadcaster since 1978. So when it came out that Bruce would be saying his goodbyes after 30 years, listeners were gutted. But it is onwards and upwards for the 72-year-old who already has another gig lined up. Ken Bruce is going to be joining commercial radio broadcaster Bauer next month, having left BBC Radio 2 on Friday, March 3. He will be presenting a new mid-morning show on Greatest Hits Radio, taking PopMaster quiz, which he owns the rights to, to his new programme. The first edition of his new programme is going to air on Greatest Hits Radio on Monday, April 3. From then on, his show will come out on weekdays from 10am to 1pm for his loyal fanbase to enjoy. READ MORE: Frida Kahlo may have ended her life with an overdose to escape agony Referring to his new start, Bruce said: “What better way to celebrate my 45 years in radio than with a new adventure and a brand-new show on Greatest Hits Radio? “I say brand-new but there will still be PopMaster, me and my musings and all the great records you know and love from the 70s, 80s and 90s.” He quit BBC Radio 2 and was expected to host his last ever episode on Friday, March 24. However, his exit came a lot sooner than expected as he was asked to leave the BBC ahead of this date. When his departure was first announced, Bruce said it was "time for a change" after a “tremendously happy” time at the station. His time on Radio 2 may have been cut short but he didn't seem to hold any grudges against the BBC. When he signed off for the last time last week, Bruce said the BBC was “apart from the occasional vagary… still the finest broadcasting organisation in the world”. The broadcaster has already revealed who fans are going to be listening to in the meantime. Don't miss... Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [ROYAL] The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION] BBC defends Fiona Bruce as host slammed over domestic abuse remark [EXPLAINER] Bruce is going to be temporarily replaced in the mid-morning slot by DJ Gary Davies. For a decade in the 80s and early 90s, Davies was a BBC Radio 1 disc jockey and a regular Top of the Pops presenter. When it comes to May though, it will be presenter Vernon Kay who is going to take over the role permanently. Kay is probably best remembered for hosting the reboot of ITV series Family Fortunes. At the time of the announcement, Kay said presenting the radio show was "a dream come true". He commented: "And what an honour to follow in the footsteps of the mighty Ken Bruce. "I'm absolutely over the moon to be handed the microphone."