Gary Lineker's Match of the Day colleague Ian Wright has threatened to quit the BBC permanently if the broadcaster does not bring back the former England striker. Lineker was forced to take a step back from hosting duties following his tweet that compared the language used to launch the government's new asylum policy, with that used in Germany in the 1930s. Wright was one of the first of Lineker's colleagues to confirm he would not be appearing on Saturday's edition of MOTD in solidarity with his fellow pundit, as Alan Shearer then followed which led to the BBC confirming that the show would continue without any studio punditry. The Arsenal hero has since confirmed on his Wrighty's House podcast that if Lineker is not reinstated at the BBC, he is "gone" also after receiving a massive outpour of support from the football community and wider. “That is the distraction and let me tell you something, if the BBC do get rid of Gary Lineker I am out," Wright said. "I am gone, I am not staying there. On his own platform, he should be able to say what he wants to say. “Gary Lineker he says stuff on everything and it’s almost like this one has missed everybody simply because he says so much but this is so right what he is saying. I have spoken to Gary, I am behind him. “He wrote a tweet about everything that has been happening with the human rights issues and everything here and it’s the perfect distraction for this government. Gary’s tweet was the headline news, it’s like they need Gary Lineker to distract everybody. For me, it is a human issue it’s not political. “They have got no empathy, the most vulnerable ones are always the ones that suffer. They are the ones that suffer and it starts with words. Gary Lineker I think retweeted from a German professor, because the Hitler thing is what they all jumped on and everything like that but he retweeted saying that it all starts with language.  "It starts with words, they didn’t just start throwing people into concentration camps. It starts with words and language and what they are doing again is the culture war they want us to all have, left-versus-right: ‘Oh you’re woke, you’re woke’." On Friday, Wright confirmed on Twitter that he would be absent for Saturday's episode of MOTD: "Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity." Though Wright may have appeared on his final episode of the show, as former director general of the BBC Tim Davie expressed doubts over whether Lineker would return to the programme. "It's quite clear Gary Lineker is not going to give him the assurances that he says he wants," he said on the Today Programme. "Therefore I suspect this is the end of Gary Lineker as a BBC presenter as we've known him, and I suspect it will have a long-term effect on Match of the Day." MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football. Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. 