Manchester United players will reportedly earn themselves an astonishing £485,000 each if the club are able to complete the quadruple. Erik ten Hag has played down the prospect of winning all four competitions, though he will be well aware of the monetary incentive that his stars have. United secured their first piece of silverware of the season last weekend after winning the Carabao Cup final against Newcastle at Wembley Stadium. Goals from Casemiro and Marcus Rashford – two of the Red Devils’ most important players – ensured that Ten Hag’s first final as United boss was one to remember. The victory has kept the club’s chances of winning the quadruple alive, though many around the Theatre of Dreams are realistic about their ambitions. United are currently third in the Premier League and 11 points behind table-toppers Arsenal, though they do have a game in hand over their long-term rivals. But with Manchester City waiting in the wings to pounce upon any mistake made by Mikel Arteta’s side, it is unlikely that both of the title contenders will slip up enough to create a three-horse race. However, if that was the case and United were able to secure their first title since the departure of Sir Alex Ferguson, the Daily Mail report that each player would receive a whopping £250,000 in bonuses, having already pocketed £65,000 following the Carabao Cup success. Late goals from Alejandro Garnacho and Fred also kept the Old Trafford outfit’s hopes of winning the FA Cup alive on Wednesday night. Ten Hag’s side came from behind to secure a 3-1 win over West Ham in their fifth-round clash, and winning the competition overall will earn the players further bonuses of £85,000 each. They would pocket that amount, too, if they are able to lift the Europa League at the end of the season. The Red Devils are also one of the firm favourites to win the competition after knocking Barcelona out across two legs last month. Asked by Sky Sports about winning the quadruple, Ten Hag admitted that the chances of such a success are slim: “We are not talking about that, we are talking about the next game [vs Liverpool] and it is a big game. “That is for dreamers [talk of winning a quadruple], that is for fans. It is nice but it is not for us [to think about] and the players know that they are so experienced, they don't get distracted from beautiful dreams. Maybe you can dream but we don't."