EXCLUSIVE: Charles Bronson will pose a danger no matter where he is and there is a “high risk of relapse”, according to a mental health expert who has treated violent criminals. The notorious prisoner is appearing in front of a public parole board this week in his latest bid for freedom, making him the second inmate in UK legal history to have his case heard in public.  He has chosen to appear in public because he has said that he wants people to see he is a changed man, and says art is his salvation and has swapped a sawn-off shotgun for a paintbrush. Bronson - who changed his surname to Salvador in 2014 after the artist Salvador Dali, has been in prison for much of the last 50 years, often spending time in solitary confinement or specialist units. He is dubbed one of Britain’s most violent offenders and this week the Parole Board will decide whether he should remain behind bars. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk forensic psychotherapist Noel McDermott, who has 25 years experience in treating complex mental health issues, says that Bronson will always pose a risk to others. He said: “The question is whether the level of risk he poses, because there's no doubt he will pose a level of risk wherever he is, can that risk be managed so that members of the public and or people employed to work with him are reasonably safe? “The chances that they've got him to a level of manageable risk are fairly unlikely but maybe they have done that. “It's about the system that manages the risk as opposed to anything else. There's no way that the guy is safe."  Mr McDermott added: “That's not even theoretically possible that the guy is safe. “Anyone being released from prison is going to pose a risk of repeat offending and certainly somebody with a level of disorder that this guy has in the secure estate is at high risk of relapse." He added: “That sort of level of disorder isn't something you cure people of, it's more like you manage it more effectively and they manage it more effectively. “So, we'll see and we'll see what this parole board says about whether he represents a manageable risk or doesn't.” Mr McDermott said it wasn’t his place to say whether or not Bronson should be released because the public needs to trust the judgement of the parole board. But he says it is legitimate to ask whether public services like the police, prison service and probation are linked up and talking to each other, so the risk of reoffending is managed. READ MORE: NHS cancer care crisis laid bare as thousands face 'worst' wait times  He said: “If I lived in the area where he was potentially being placed I'd want to have a lot of confidence in that the public services in that area were unusually linked up because at the best of times various agencies are not linked up. “It is legitimate for people to ask is my local multi-agency public protection team up to the job and that's just a reasonable request but links to a broader question about whether people in the UK want to pay for public services or not. That's the truth here.” Bronson, who has married twice in prison, changed his name from Michael Peterson during a short stint in the outside world in the 1980s. He was first convicted in 1974 when he was 21 and was jailed for seven years for robbery, aggravated burglary, assault with intent to rob and possession of a firearm. The 70-year-old has held 11 hostages in nine different sieges - with victims including governors, doctors, staff and, on one occasion, his own solicitor. DON'T MISSPeople smuggler says life in Britain 'easier' and laughs off new laws [REPORT]Prince Harry diagnosed with new condition during live interview wit... [WATCH]EU chief says privately that new Brexit deal fails to 'regain control' [ANALYSIS]   Back in 2000, he was sentenced to a discretionary life term with a minimum of four years for taking a prison teacher at HMP Hull hostage for 44 hours. Since then, the Parole Board has repeatedly refused to direct his release. Speaking at his latest parole hearing at the Royal Courts of Justice this morning, Bronson said: "First of all, it's no secret I have had more porridge than Goldilocks and the Three Bears, and I'm sick of it. I've had enough of it, I want to go home." He told the judges he was a "retired prison activist" but he deserved much of his time behind bars. Bronson added: "Out of the 50 years I've been in prison, I have probably deserved a good 35 years of it ... but I have been naughty. Not 'naughty, naughty', but naughty." Talking about his prison rooftop protests he said: "I enjoyed every f****** one of them," and told how he had slept in "cages" and "boxes", and spent "40 years of my life in solitary". He added: "Don't think I'm wearing these glasses for sinister reasons. My eyes are blown away with the light" as he discussed how being in solitary confinement made his eyes sensitive to light. 