Owners of one Kindle model are being treated to a fabulous free upgrade that's bringing new features to this book-reading device. The Kindle Scribe was originally announced late last year and features a giant 10.2-inch, 300 ppi glare-free display along with a digital stylus that lets owners scribble on the screen just like an actual pen on real paper. Notes can be stored to be read later and there's also the ability to mark up documents or add scribbles to books being read. It's a big upgrade over the standard Kindle and now Amazon is boosting the usefulness of this device thanks to the addition of some new features including extra brush types. This change means owners will now find an arsenal of options such as a fountain pen, marker and new pencil. It should mean notes can be created in more unique styles. All of these writing tools also feature enhanced pressure and tilt capabilities which makes things feel far more real when putting pen to (digital) paper. READ MORE: Amazon issues Fire TV Stick warning that could stop you streaming content Along with upgrading the stylus, Amazon is also adding new sub folders. This allows owners to manage and organise all of their notes more easily with a simple tap on the + sign then adding an extra folder to the list. Finally, this Scribe update adds improved page navigation so users will now be able to jump to a specific document in a notebook rather than endlessly scrolling through pages. To use this feature, owners simply click on the three-dot menu at the top, select “Go to page,” and simply type in the page they need to skip ahead to. This Scribe update is rolling out now so if you have purchased one of these £400 devices you should see the changes. If you don't own a Scribe but have another Kindle model in your bag then don't forget that there is a simple way to get a bunch of books without paying a penny. Right now, Amazon is offering two months of Kindle Unlimited access for free. That means you can sign up and check out one million books without paying a penny for the privilege. Kindle Unlimited usually costs £9.49 per month so there's a total saving of £18.98 to be made. If the update mentioned above has got you thinking about buying the Scribe, you'll also get a whole four months of Kindle Unlimited when popping this device in your shopping basket. • SEE THE SCRIBE DEAL HERE