A woman has been jailed after a 77-year-old cyclist fell off the path and into an oncoming car. Auriol Grey, 49 was handed three years in jail after she gestured towards Celia Ward in a "hostile and aggressive way" before the cyclist fell into the path of an oncoming car. Video footage captured the moment Grey shouted at Ms Ward to "get off the f****** pavement" in Huntingdon, Cambridge in October 2020. The court heard that the two women passed each other on the path in opposite directions with the prosecution claiming Grey was "angered by the presence of a cyclist on a footpath". Ms Ward died at the scene after the vehicle had no chance of stopping or taking avoiding action. Grey, who has cerebral palsy, left the scene prior to emergency services arriving and carried on to buy groceries at Sainsbury's. The 49-year-old later told police she was partially sighted and described the cyclist as travelling "fast". She said she was "anxious" she was going to be hit and "may have unintentionally put" out her hand to protect herself. READ MORE: Epsom headteacher’s daughter died of ‘shotgun wound to the head' Judge Sean Enright, told the defendant her actions "are not explained by disability". Ms Ward's widower, David said in a statement read to the court by prosecutor Simon Spence KC that the "clip of Celia's last moments will haunt me forever". "Rarely a day goes by without thinking of her and our happy life together but I can so easily burst into tears, as I have on so many occasions," he said. He described how he misses her "terribly" and sold their house of 34 yers to relocate to a retirement home.  Miranda Moore KC, mitigating for Grey, said: "What happened took but a moment that has impacted on many." She said that Grey's "present opinion is where the pavements are narrow the cyclists... should cycle on the road". "There was no intention to cause harm or an obvious risk of harm," she said. Following the sentence, Ms Moore told the court she would be applying for bail ahead of an appeal application.  