NBA superstar Joel Embiid declared he is ‘unguardable’ after hitting a sensational game-winner to lead the Philadelphia 76ers past the Portland Trail Blazers on Friday night. Embiid is one of the MVP frontrunners and he delivered for the 76ers with a spectacular shot to clinch a 120-119 win over the Trail Blazers. Embiid is making a strong push to finally win the coveted MVP after finishing second in the running behind Denver Nuggets ace Nikola Jokic. While the Serbian remains the favourite for the 2022/23 MVP award, Embiid is delivering classic moments across the season and Friday’s game-winner Is no different. With his 76ers down by one with just over seven seconds left in the fourth quarter, head coach Doc Rivers drew up a play to get Embiid the ball in the middle of the floor and let him go to work. The Cameroonian obliged, delivering a divine turnaround jump shot with one second remaining on the clock. Portland were unable to get a shot off on the following possession, which meant Embiid’s epic shot secured the win for the 76ers. The six-time All-Star scored 39 points to go with seven rebounds, four assists and three blocks on a memorable night for the center. READ MORE: Shaquille O'Neal hits out at suspended Memphis Grizzlies ace Ja Morant Embiid is enjoying a stellar season with his scoring average at 33.3 points per contest - a career-high. After the win, he insisted no defences can stop him as he routinely scores while being double-teamed. “I've said it: I think I'm unguardable,” Embiid said. “It's all about using that and trying to make my teammates better. “With that comes a lot of double- and triple-teams every single game. So it's about how do I make my teammates better every game.” Don't miss... Devin Booker, Chris Paul rue Kevin Durant injury as Suns year at risk [LATEST] Morant avoids criminal charges but NBA investigation continues [LATEST] When will LeBron's son Bronny James enter the NBA  [LATEST] The seven-foot scorer was guarded by opposite number Josef Nurkic and he was aided in his defensive efforts by Blazers superstar Damian Lillard, who scored 22 points in the defeat. Rather than using his size, Embiid showcased his incredible footwork to pirouette away from the defence and hit the fadeaway. Embiid is making 47% of his midrange jump shots this season, which places him among specialists such as Devin Booker, Kawhi Leonard and DeMar DeRozan. As seen last night, he is making the shots in clutch moments, too. The 44-22 76ers face the Washington Wizards in their next contest on Sunday. The 10th-paced Wizards possess a 31-36 record and sit seven places below Philadelphia in the Eastern Conference standings.