WARNING: This article contains spoilers from BBC’s The Gold BBC’s The Gold retells the 1983 robbery of £26million from the Brink’s-Mat security depot near Heathrow Airport in London. The six armed robbers unexpectedly found themselves in possession of three tonnes of gold bullion after their bog-standard hold-up didn’t go quite to plan. The Gold follows the ensuing police investigation to try and recoup the stolen gold before the criminals successfully managed to sell it off and launder the money. The BBC show features a disclaimer at the start of each episode, which reads: “The following is inspired by real events. “Some characters and elements have been created or changed for drama purposes.” The Gold has also created some characters for the show, which are based on a composite of real-life figures. The show has taken creative licence to some degree with writer Wensley Clarkson dissecting fact from fiction after penning his book The Curse of Brink’s-Mat, which covers not only the robbery and subsequent investigation but what happened after this. 1. Johnny Palmer and Kenneth Noye’s depiction Clarkson said while a lot of the details were close to the real-life-events, some things weren’t quite right including the portrayal of gangsters John ‘Goldfinger’ Palmer and Kenneth Noye, who were involved in the Brink’s-Mat heist. He said: “Some of it is surprisingly near to the true-life events but the softening of characters to make them more acceptable and dramatic is quite disturbing. "Obviously, with Kenneth Noye, to a certain degree John Palmer, they’ve sort of made them into likely lads, happy-go-lucky almost.” Clarkson went on to say the underlying theme of class warfare between south London versus the establishment was something of a cliché as well. Moreover, he noted this was a narrative the real-life robbers had been “pushing” but said it was also a growing trend among TV shows to include this class war theme. READ MORE: Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal 2. Kenneth Noye’s house The author was left with a raised eyebrow after watching the show when he saw the inside of Noye’s house. Clarkson said: “Then they’ve used properties. I’ve been in the real properties and all this sort of stuff. “Noye’s house, for example, they obviously found a place that fitted the bill to a certain degree and the outside. “They filmed inside and it looked like a country lord’s house instead of Kenny Noye, which would have been shagpile carpets, lots of beige, a bit of gold here and there - not just gold bars - and a completely different type of house. “And that does make a difference to the impression given by the show when it comes to these characters’ personalities.” 3. Nikki Jennings is 'woke' Nikki Jennings (Charlotte Spencer) was a composite character based on a number of female police officers from the era whom the show’s creator Neil Forsyth spoke to. Clarkson said of Jennings: “I’m not aware there was a woman officer who was so heavily involved, so I’m presuming - I know that character doesn’t exist - that’s all woke stuff. “But to be fair, it worked quite well. It gives them another layer, that’s what drama always wants. Her father’s a criminal and all that and that’s about south London and showing how close everyone was.” Clarkson said despite Jennings not being real, The Gold illustrated how cops and criminals grew up together on the streets and fell onto different sides of the law in adulthood. The author documented the close-knit nature of the south London fraternity between the police and criminals in his book The Curse of Brink’s-Mat and The Gold does the same with the inclusion of Jennings. He added: “Her character is the one you can pull to bits the most and say it’s 2023 standards.” The author continued: “She’s almost like a lad and it is okay.” 4. One big character isn’t featured Clarkson said many of the real-life figures did have a role to play in the TV show but did say there was an individual who wasn’t part of The Gold. The writer and journalist said: “There was one character they haven’t got, who was the most corrupt policeman I’ve ever come across, who overlapped between Brink’s-Mat, the murder of Stephen Lawrence, so many. “He’s like a grim reaper and he obviously didn’t come into the series, he’s not mentioned.” Nonetheless, he said the depiction of police corruption on the whole as well as the portrayal of Brian Boyce (Hugh Bonneville), who led the Brink’s-Mat police task force was “absolutely true and well-documented”. Actor Bonneville has previously said: “It’s been documented elsewhere that there was a significant amount of corruption in the police throughout the ‘60s, ‘70s and ‘80s – but Boyce was clearly a man who was not going to be corrupted, which is why he was trusted by both the Security Forces and by those high up in the establishment.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [THEORY]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges [UPDATE]Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' [INTERVIEW] 5. John Fordham’s murder Episode three ended with policeman John Fordham (Hadley Fraser) being killed by Noye. In real-life, Fordham was stabbed to death by Noye in his garden while undertaking undercover surveillance on the criminal in 1985. Clarkson took issue with this scene and said: “The killing of the police was handled by the TV drama in a very noncommittal way, even though they had made clear that Noye had done it, they didn’t show any of it. “They didn’t actually show the killing. They just went from him going to the bushes to the next thing you know, the bloke’s dead and that’s it.” Clarkson said the programme-makers “only just got away with it” for dramatic effect. The writer said with all of these differences from real-life, The God used the “classic get-out” with the disclaimer at the beginning of each episode which meant the show could veer away from real-life events when it needed to. The Curse of Brink's-Mat by Wensley Clarkson is available to buy now The Gold airs on BBC One on Sundays at 9pm and is streaming as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer