Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has hailed summer signing Casemiro and explained the reasons why the Red Devils moved for the Brazilian to kickstart the Dutchman’s era at Old Trafford. The club were questioned for paying the exorbitant amount of £70m on the 29-year-old but Casemiro’s impact at United has been hailed by supporters and pundits following their Carabao Cup victory over Newcastle. The Brazil international has been a mainstay in Ten Hag’s midfield since he was integrated into the team, garnering praise for his defensive acumen that had been evident in Spain, but his ability on the ball and knack of scoring important goals has proved as vital for the Red Devils. The club spent the majority of the summer chasing another midfielder from La Liga in Frenkie De Jong, but Ten Hag explained how Casemiro came to the club. “I knew what a magnificent player Casemiro was - just look at his profile and all the cups he’s won, that’s not a coincidence,” Ten Hag said. “For me it’s always the same, you have players who win and who always win, and players who lose and are always losing. “You have to do your research and find the type who will win and who are cooperative in the dressing room, who are humble, but when they are on the pitch they take responsibility. I can sit on the bench and be composed because I know the players will do the job and will deal with the situation and bring you the wins. JUST IN: Liverpool decide stance on replacing Firmino as pressure piles on four “When we were recruiting in the summer, we were looking for players with character, with personality. It was not only about signing good players. A lot of players in the world have great skills from a technical approach, or they can run really fast. “But we were looking for players who have character, who have personality, who have leadership, take responsibility, who are resilient. That is the type of player I was looking for after I analysed the squad. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes “Casemiro in this team is such a leader and so important for us. Not only with his performances and skills, like scoring goals with his headers, or linking up, or intercepting balls – but his organisation, his mentality, the culture. We are so happy that we signed him.” United icon Gary Neville was one of many that questioned the long-term idea behind bringing Casemiro to the club, but recently named him as United’s most important player ahead of the crunch clash with Liverpool. "In order, I'd go: Casemiro, [Marcus] Rashford, [David] De Gea and [Raphael] Varane in equal third at this moment in time. I can't believe I'm saying that, I mean forget Casemiro he wasn't here last year," Neville told Sky Sports.