Sarah Ferguson is on a book tour in America and was in New York on Monday evening. The Duchess of York promoted her new book "A Most Intriguing Lady" with Samantha Barry in New York.  Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The Duchess wore a new Alice + Olivia "Kidman" embellished leather jacket in white and silver. This jacket sells for a whopping £1,555. The description says: "This fierce jacket is crafted in embellished leather which makes it super glamorous and cool. "Think: the easiest way to look jaw-droppingly amazing with approximately zero effort." The jacket has long sleeves, a round neck, embellished leather, and is made from 100 percent lamb leather.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby To accessorise, Feegie carried a brand new Gucci "Ophidia" medium green leather tote bag. This bag costs £1,580 with the following description: "The Ophidia line continues to be one of Gucci signature handbags. "New silhouettes are introduced each season, providing versatile accessories to complete any look. "Two handles transform this tote bag, allowing it to be styled either as a shoulder bag or top handle. Don't miss... Queen Camilla is in Colchester wearing a Fiona Clare coat [PICTURES] Princess Beatrice dons a 'Fergie bow' leaving royal fans 'obsessed' [STYLE] Kate Middleton uses 'effective parenting strategy' with Prince Louis [ROYAL] "The Double G remains integral to the design, presented across a soft green leather base." The Duchess dipped into her wardrobe for her shoes, a pair which she has owned for many years. Fergie wore her French Sole "Dragonfly embroidery ballet slippers". Royal fans were divided by Sarah's style in New York. READ MORE: Meghan's 'life-changing' beauty treatment plus how to do it at home Instagram user @_emma_hurley_ said: "No to the jacket, but yes to the shoes." Royal watcher @pamela.lipscomb.3 commented: "Love the shoes and green tote, but I don’t think that particular jacket is doing her any favours." One fan, @cattym63 defended Fergie's style, saying: "What's wrong about her flat shoes? "I am amazed by the royal ladies wearing high heels all the time. "It is so bad for your feet, knees, hips and back. Maybe she has an off day concerning high heels." But @rachelhlhannam claimed: "Why can’t she wear some heels? Those hideous shoes and black tights." Royal fan @lovelyflowersinherhair said: "Sarah has mentioned that wearing the heels to the height that she did in the 1980s/1990s caused damage to her feet. I believe she had to have surgery done." Instagram user @lou.cartonkelly added: "Love the bag - the jacket is awful and doesn’t fit neither does it suit the skirt. Shame as she’s been on point very recently."