Prince Harry's live streamed therapy session doesn't explain why he is so publicly "destructive" towards the Royal Family, according to a royal expert. Richard Fitzwilliams, speaking to Express.co.uk, branded Harry more "cautious" than in previous interviews during his recent Q&A session with trauma expert Dr Gabor Maté. The Duke of Sussex sat down with Dr Maté for a 90 minute live-streamed Q&A covering topics from Prince Harry's drug use to his self-proclaimed "broken home" at the heart of the Royal Family. Still, Harry seemed more "cautious" than in previous interviews, according to Mr Fitzwilliams. "It showed Harry as more cautious, there was plenty of background about the royals who don’t hug, that Harry was different and there was a mention of his 'broken home', but no personal attacks on senior royals which was a relief," he told Express.co.uk. During the session, Prince Harry told Dr Maté he didn't see himself as a "victim" and wasn't looking for "sympathy". The doctor diagnosed Harry on the spot with ADD, PTSD, anxiety and depression, but what wasn't explained was Harry's tendency to be publicly "destructive" towards other royals, according to Mr Fitzwilliams. He said: "Harry says he doesn’t see himself as a victim. He obviously relies on therapy a good deal.  "What was not explained is why he is so destructive when it comes to discussing his family in public, yet claims his memoir is 'an act of service'. To whom, one wonders? Recent polls in the US have shown a seismic drop in support for the Sussexes. The royal expert added that the Duke seemed "in awe" of Dr Maté, giving the session a "master-pupil" dynamic. "It struck me as a master-pupil session. He was obviously in awe of Dr Maté, although I was perturbed to learn that the latter relies on The Crown for his understanding of the Royal Family," Mr Fitzwilliams opined. In previous interviews, Prince Harry has lashed out at other members of the Royal Family, including his father King Charles, Camilla, Queen Consort and his brother Prince William.  READ MORE: Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying' Although the Duke spoke of his family in general terms with Dr Maté, direct personal attacks were absent. He didn't mention his brother Prince William by name once during the 90-minute chat. Following previous interviews and the release of Prince Harry's memoir Spare tensions between the Sussexes and the Firm appeared to be at a breaking point. Now, Meghan and Harry have confirmed they did receive an invitation to King Charles's Coronation but have so far refused publicly confirm their attendance. The once-in-a-generation event will take place later this year on May 6 with thousands of guests in attendance to mark the reign of King Charles III. 