Some of the road trip essentials for a UK holiday include car chargers, snacks, comfy shoes, plenty of water and a Spotify playlist. In an exclusive Express.co.uk interview, former lorry driver Agustín Gavilán shared his best tips and recommendations for those who have planned a staycation and have a long road trip ahead. Agustín explained: "Apart from usual road safety tips, I'd say there are two main things that allow holidaymakers to enjoy a nice road trip without issues: time and food. "I like to prepare everything the day before I hit the road and I always leave with plenty of time. "That gives me peace of mind for the rest of the trip, I can stop whenever I want, I avoid possible stress and tension due to traffic and it will even allow me to visit some nice destination on the way!" In terms of food, "you need to avoid the 'stomach surprises' at all costs during the trip," the lorry driver said, and "try to stick to your normal day-to-day diet". READ MORE: 'Little gem' crowned Britain's best beach for staycations Trying new foods or overindulging, which sometimes happens on holiday, "can cause digestive disorders and discomfort, which force us to stop too often and can ruin the whole journey," he commented. Agustín also shared his "essentials for the road" and the items he never forgets to pack in his travel bag. "Nowadays, everybody has a GPS app on their phone, which is my number one essential," he said. The lorry driver always carries "personal hygiene items and products which are also very important".  "From a professional point of view, I would recommend always carrying a mini MacGyver kit. "They often include zip ties, strong contact glue, duct tape and scissors. It is cheap, very easy to get and it doesn't take up any space." Survival and tool kits for travel can be found online for less than £10. Other travel and car emergency kits can include flashlights, ice scrapers and a first aid kit. Agustín concluded by sharing his "personal lorry driver's hack" and said: "There is no doubt that the GPS is a great invention but experience has taught me that you can't fully trust it. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' "It is always helpful, especially if you are not familiar with the roads, to study the itinerary in advance. The shortest route is not always the fastest and most comfortable," he recommended. For this exclusive article, I followed the lorry driver's top tips for a peaceful and trouble-free journey. I packed my suitcase in advance, prepared everything I needed the day before and left the house with plenty of time to have a relaxed road trip. This also allowed me to stop on the way and visit some stunning spots. I followed my usual diet, carried healthy snacks and drank plenty of water. I wore comfy clothes for a more pleasant trip and I also checked the itinerary in advance and chose the best route using my GPS. For snacks, I carried bananas which are considered one of the best foods for a road trip as they contain potassium delivering the necessary energy for a long drive. Other good fruits for the journey are mandarins, although it is recommended to peel them before the trip so they are all ready to go. For drinks, holidaymakers should carry one litre of water in the car and a good rule of thumb is to drink to your thirst.