Chelsea owner Todd Boehly gave a blunt verdict on their crucial Premier League win over Leeds United to relieve the pressure on under-fire head coach Graham Potter. The American billionaire was spotted in the stands watching on at Stamford Bridge and his plain three-word response summarised the low mood at the club after another below-par performance, albeit with a much-improved result.  The Blues finally ended their long wait for a goal after going five games without scoring, with Wesley Fofana heading home from a Ben Chilwell corner on 52 minutes. That proved to be enough for the west London club to clinch their first three points since January 15 - a 1-0 win over Crystal Palace - to ease the burden on Potter. However, Boehly did not appear to be overly impressed with the team's performance after catching the game on Saturday afternoon. And the American gave a blunt response when asked for his thoughts on their display when leaving the stadium.   A reporter for Sky Sports asked Boehly: “Did you enjoy that today?” to which the mega-rich owner replied: “It’s a result.” It was far from a straightforward win for the hosts, however, as Leeds pressed for an equaliser and had several chances to level the score in the second half. But the victory will do wonders to their confidence ahead of their Champions League last-16 second-leg tie against Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday. Boehly and his fellow co-owners Behdad Eghbali and Jose E. Feliciano have chosen to stick by Potter despite heavy opposition from the fanbase and calls for the former Brighton coach to be sacked. DON'T MISSMount's true feelings on Chelsea contract emerge as Liverpool close inChelsea can appoint Luis Enrique who wants job 'ASAP' if Potter sackedChelsea owners edging towards 'knocking down Stamford Bridge'  Since taking over the club in May 2022, Boehly has spent close to £600million on revamping the club's playing squad and senior management, but there are only glimpses that his heavy investment will bring positive changes to the club. Potter was pleased with the response of his players after securing their first win in seven matches in all competitions to dampen the dissenting voices for now, praising the impact of goalscorer Fofana and Ben Chilwell. "It is [massive]. Delighted for the players and supporters. We've had to suffer. It's been a challenging period. I thought we played well in the first half and attacked well," Potter said. "We were a team who had something to lose so it was great character from the players, they cared and showed togetherness in the team. It gives us something to build on." 