Line of Duty star Will Mellor's new show Cops Who Kill lands on Crime + Investigation tonight (March 6). For the opening instalment, the former Strictly Come Dancing star investigates the tragic death of Sarah Everard who was brutally murdered by Met Police officer Wayne Couzens in March 2021. Ahead of the series airing, Will shared why he felt compelled to put a tracker on his daughter Renee's phone. Speaking on Monday's instalment of Lorraine about the crime programme, Will said: "They asked me to do it and it was something I was interested in because it is something I have not really done a lot of." While the 46-year-old commended the nation's police force, he shared how he wanted to highlight the "bad eggs" which slip through the net. Sarah was stopped while walking home in Clapham, London, by Couzens in March 2021 and he used a warrant card and handcuffs to convince her she was being arrested. After she got into his car, he raped her, killed her, and tried to dispose of her remains in a crime which shocked the nation. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' "It's about what he can learn from these horrendous crimes," the Strictly Come Dancing star added. When host Lorraine Kelly asked if creating the series had changed his view on women's safety, Will said: "In this series, I go to the scenes of the crime and I went to where Sarah was taken. "It left me feeling quite sick walking down a busy street like she was. "She'd done everything right, she had just been on the phone with her boyfriend and she'd been out at her friend's house.  "To feel she was taken on a busy road like that... To feel vulnerable as a woman and to walk in her footsteps did open my eyes." Lorraine later asked the actor about "putting a tracker" on his 15-year-old daughter's phone. "When my daughter was 12 we said we would get her a phone," Will expanded. "One, because we can find out where she is and she can call us.  Don't miss... Line of Duty's Will Mellor on how true crime series compares to show [EXCLUSIVE] Woman raped by David Carrick was inspired by Sarah Everard's mum  [LATEST] Officers face misconduct cases over Couzens indecent exposure reports [LATEST] "But there are ways now of seeing where your kids are on their phones. "I said to her, 'It's not that I don't trust you, but we know where you are if anything does happen.'" "All this technology can help," he concluded to Lorraine. As well as exploring the vile crimes of Couzens, Will also looks into wife-killer Inspector Darren McKie and four other heinous cases.  Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk about being part of the series, the father-of-two shared: “It’s important to keep the conversation going and it’s vital and how we move forward. “When bad things happen, it’s what we learn from it that’s important. "We can’t let these things die down without making changes and making sure this doesn’t happen again.” Lorraine airs on weekdays at 9am on ITV and ITVX. Cops Who Kill With Will Mellor premieres on Crime + Investigation tonight (March 6) at 10pm and on Crime+Investigation PLAY on March 7. 