Gymnast Nile Wilson, drag queen The Vivienne and reality TV star Joey Essex will be battling it out on Sunday (March 12) in a bid to be crowned the winner of Dancing On Ice 2023. The finalists have to perform three routines each, so they have been rehearsing for hours each day on the rink to remember every step. Nile has promised to perform a move which has never been attempted before in the ITV show's history. The 27-year-old former British artistic gymnast is the frontrunner to win this year's series with his skating partner Olivia Smart, 25. Nile secured his place in the final after receiving a maximum of 10 points each from judges Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill, Christopher Dean and Ashley Banjo for his routine to In My Blood by Shawn Mendes. The athlete spoke to Express.co.uk and other media ahead of the final about having plenty of tricks up his sleeves he hopes will impress the judges and viewers. He shared: "We are so excited and we can’t wait as we are very grateful to get to this position. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail   "It’s a big change this week to what it has been because we have to learn a lot more and skate a lot more. "We have been on the ice for five hours over the last two days which is a shock to the system trying to learn three routines." He continued: "We are really buzzing to show you what we have got on Sunday, but the choreography in the routine is going to bring the competition. "It is going to bring things you have never seen on the show before."  Nile explained he and Olivia are trying to stay as focused as possible on the ice and do the best they can on the night. "With my background, I am super hyper focused on that and I have been trying to get great at skating," Nile added. Olivia teased: "There are going to be things which have been seen before on the show, but also from my time in the figure skating world." They are hoping to perform the Boléro in front of the judges for the final as well as a "mad" showcase routine and battle skate.  Don't miss... Joey Essex insists Dancing On Ice kiss was ‘planned’ with Vanessa [EXCLUSIVE] Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex comforts Vanessa after emotional skate [LATEST] Dancing On Ice 'fix' row erupts as Mollie Gallagher booted out  [LATEST] Olivia continued: "The showcase skate will hopefully be more action-packed and we will be bringing in a lot of Nile’s gymnastics skills into the routines. "So there are definitely going to be things in there like that that we pro skaters cannot do - he’s the only person who can do that. "There are a lot of things you are going to see and things which will probably never be done in the show again." While he seemed confident about entering the final, Nile admitted he is suffering from some aches and pains.   However, he said: "Everything is going great and Olivia alluded to it earlier, but these routines this weekend - the showcase is going to blow everyone’s mind. It’s madness." He added: "I really wanted to bring something new to the show and the wow factor and try and impress the audience with my skating. "I think I can confidently say that we have ticked that box and we just have to keep doing what we are doing." Dancing On Ice's final airs on Sunday, March 12 at 6.30pm on ITV1.  