Phil Neville has reportedly come under fire from Inter Miami's hierarchy after he went public on their interest in the potential transfers of Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets. Messi is believed to be set for talks over a new contract with Paris Saint-Germain, with a meeting scheduled for after this week’s Champions League tie against Bayern Munich. The Argentina World Cup winner remains one of the very finest players in the world and his future is in some doubt ahead of the summer, with David Beckham's Inter Miami closely monitoring his position in the French capital. But according to CaughtOffside, those higher up at Miami did not appreciate Neville being so out in the open about pursuing the 35-year-old and his former team-mate. Their report claims that the seven-time Ballon d'Or winner wants to discuss new terms with his current club, rather than simply extending the deal he already has. Ben Jacobs of the publication wrote in his exclusive column that it seems unlikely the player would be open to leagues like the MLS at this stage in his career, with Neville coming under fire for his comments on the Argentine. He wrote: "PSG are in ongoing talks with Lionel Messi to try and extend his contract. A new round of discussions will take place after the Champions League tie with Bayern Munich. "There is a one-year option to extend within the existing deal, which comes to an end this summer, but it’s believed Messi doesn’t want to simply activate this and instead prefers to negotiate new terms. PSG also want to agree a new 1+1 contract potentially keeping Messi at the Parc des Princes until 2025. "Inter Miami have held an interest for quite some time and put in some legwork. Their manager Phil Neville even recently admitted the club would love to sign Messi and Sergio Busquets. I understand Inter Miami’s hierarchy were not too impressed when Neville fuelled the fire." During a candid interview with The Times last month, Neville revealed that he wants to sign both Messi and Busquets. He told the publication: "I'm not going to deny [it and say] there isn’t truth in the speculation that we’re interested in Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets. "We want to bring the best players in the world to this football club. Messi and Busquets are the two that stand out more in recent years. They're great players who would still be a massive benefit to this organization. For MLS, it would be a game-changer."