Prince Harry and Meghan Markle announced Princess Lilibet was christened in LA. It is understood the King was aware beforehand that the Sussexes intended to refer to their daughter as Princess Lili and that there had been correspondence about the matter. Lili, who turns two in June, was baptised in California on Friday, with the couple's spokesperson saying: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu hit out at Royal Family for not joining the special occasion. She wrote on Twitter: "I’m glad cutie, Princess Lilibet Diana, was surrounded by those who love and wish her well. Well done Harry and Meghan for keeping the christening intimate. "Shameful that King Charles and Prince William snubbed Lilibet though invited. Petty. Was there representation from Royal Family?" Royal journalist Omid Scobie revealed that Charles, Camilla, Prince William and Princess Kate were invited but did not attend. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry left 'isolated' as they struggle to get 'invites' While a royal historian was quick to point out a major error in Meghan and Harry's statement. Marlene Koenig noted that the Sussexes said Lilibet was christened by an archbishop but Rev John Taylor is an LA bishop. Lili, who turns two in June, was baptised in California on Friday, with the couple's spokesperson saying: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." It is understood the titles will be used in formal settings, but not in everyday conversational use by the couple, and this was the first opportunity to do so since the death of the late Queen. Harry and Meghan are understood to be keen to not deny their children their birthright, but to allow them the chance to decide for themselves when they are older whether to drop or keep using the titles. The use of the titles has been revealed just days after Harry and Meghan were asked to vacate their UK home Frogmore Cottage, a move sanctioned by the King which further weakens the couple's ties with Harry's home country and the Windsors. The past few months have seen huge turbulence in Harry and Meghan's relationship with Charles and other members of the royal family. Don't miss... Prince Harry's 'choice of guru' may prove 'unwise' after drug comments [EXCLUSIVE] Harry and Meghan’s relationship with Netflix threatened by Chris Rock [INSIGHT] Meghan cleverly uses 'psychology' to 'evoke innocence and purity' [LATEST] Harry, who stepped down as a senior working royal in 2020 for a new life in the US, criticised his father's parenting in his controversial autobiography Spare, accused the Prince of Wales of physically attacking him and said the Queen Consort sacrificed him on her own personal PR altar. The duke and Meghan, in their bombshell six-part tell-all Netflix documentary series, also claimed Kensington Palace lied to protect William when it issued a statement denying a story he had bullied Harry out of the royal family. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews