  Danni Menzies spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her close friendships on Channel 4 show A Place on the Sun, as well as her reaction to “legend” Jonnie Irwin’s devastating cancer diagnosis. The star described her beloved colleague as an “inspiration” as she prepared to meet property show fans at The Ideal Home show this month.     Last year, Jonnie bravely revealed his terminal cancer diagnosis, sharing that he doesn’t know how long he has left to live. Asked about her colleague and friend, Danni said: “Yeah, Jonnie is… It's incredibly heartbreaking. “But Jonnie's such a legend, the way that he's been super strong,” she continued. “And you know, he's still managing to get out and work. Yeah, he's an absolute inspiration, Jonnie. And I love him a lot.”      Despite being given a prognosis of just six months to live, Jonnie has continued to keep busy on social media and giving his fans helpful home renovation tips. He also opened up about his condition with the hope that it would inspire people who are living with life-limiting prospects to make the most of every day. Danni went on to describe how much “love” she had for her Channel 4 team, giving special mention to Lee Juggurnauth, Jasmine Harman and Scarlette Douglas. “I love all the presenters on the show, truly,” she explained. “We might not get to see each other all that often, but we all get on really, really well.    “I think to do a show like that, you genuinely care about people and their dream. And so there's not a bad egg, you know? They're all really good eggs. “I probably get to see Lee a little bit more than the others - we go to the same gym. So we catch up now and again for a cup of coffee when we're at the gym. “We also had a little party a while ago and it was really nice to see Jasmine - I hadn’t seen her in a while. “Scarlette and her brother [Stuart Douglas] are also going to be at The Ideal Home Show as well and, with everything that's been going on with her, I haven't caught up with her in an age.      “So, I'm really excited to see her, because she's an absolute babe,” she said of the recent I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! contestant. “We give each other a call, we keep in touch, and if there's ever anything going on that we're not sure about, we check in with each other,” Danni said of her other colleagues. “So yeah, I think we're all pretty close.” Speaking about the Ideal Home Show, which is the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition, Danni recalled the fun she had last year on the Super Theatre Stage. This time around, she said she is “chatting about buying property abroad and giving my top tips”.      Danni also hinted that fans might get some “juicy” intel about filming A Place in the Sun, as there were plenty of “good questions” last time about how the show gets made. She described how “lovely” it was to meet fans of the property show last year, as it had “brought some sunshine into people’s lives” during the height of lockdown. The Ideal Home Show, in partnership with Sky Glass, is the world’s longest-running home and interiors exhibition and is returning to Olympia London from Friday 17th March until Sunday 2nd April. For more information and tickets, please visit idealhomeshow.co.uk.   