A police community support officer (PCSO) has been jailed for 14 years after telling children to perform sex acts on their siblings and filming young girls at swimming pools. Matthew Shaw, 38, videoed children as young as six at swimming pools on around 100 occasions at a Center Parcs holiday village in Nottinghamshire. Shaw also spoke to girls aged between 11 and 15 while posing as teenage girls and boys online via fake accounts. He asked the children to send sexual images and videos on snapchat, and even told one victim to perform sexual acts on a dog. On other occasions, Shaw asked young children to perform a sexual act on their siblings. The disgraced PCSO from Derbyshire had served in the force for 15 years. He has now been sentenced to 14 years in prison for 24 offences. Shaw was arrested for his crimes in April 2022 after a 10-year-old girl noticed he was using a GoPro camera to film her changing at the Lammas Leisure Centre in Sutton-in-Ashfield, Nottinghamshire. Police then discovered 25 recordings of children taking in changing rooms at the Lammas Leisure Centre and the Rebecca Adlington Swimming Centre in Mansfield on a seized phone. The footage dated back to October 2021. Shaw used Snapchat to speak to seven girls aged between 11 and 16. He first used an account under the name Chloe before introducing a "brother", falsely named Matt. One of his victims was from New Jersey in the US. He spoke to them for over a year while she was aged 11 and 12. He would refer to her as "baby girl" and left the girl feeling that she was in a relationship with him. The prosecution told Nottingham Crown Court that Shaw's pressuring of one victim to send pictures left them crying in the school toilets. Shaw visited a Center Parcs in Sherwood Forest while on bail, entering by jumping over the fence. He used old wristbands to access changing rooms and take five more recordings between June and August last year. Shaw was arrested again on August 31, with Derbyshire Police confirming he had been suspended the next day. Last December, Shaw pleaded guilty to nine counts of causing a child under 13 to engage in a sexual act, 12 of causing a child to engage in a sexual act, and three counts of voyeurism. Harinderpal Dhami, mitigating in court, said Shaw has been diagnosed with autism and was a "lonely, sad and pathetic figure." He added: "He took to social media and his mobile phone to strike up what he thought were relationships. "It quickly took him to a very dark place and he effectively made a misjudgement. It did not start out with the aim of grooming young girls. "He understands the consequences are catastrophic, not for him but for those who are left on the outside." As well as his sentence, Shaw has also been made the subject of a sexual harm prevention order and ordered to sign the sex offender's register for life. Judge William Harbage KC said: "You have brought shame and disgrace on yourself, your family and the police service. "These are appalling offences which will fill right-thinking members of the public with horror, revulsion and disgust. "These are despicable offences you have committed against ordinary members of the public going about their everyday lives. "I am satisfied that you pose a significant risk of serious harm." Speaking following sentence, Simon Blatchly, Deputy Chief Constable of Derbyshire Police, said: "Matthew Shaw's offences are utterly shocking. "As soon as the allegations came to light, Shaw was suspended from his role as a police community support officer - and the force assisted colleagues in Nottinghamshire Police with their investigation. He subsequently resigned from his position last year. "Through that investigation, it was concluded that none of Shaw's offending was found to have taken place while he was on duty - and no victims were identified as being linked to his role. "While all officers and staff hold a position of trust, PCSOs have a unique role that puts them in contact with a great many different groups within our communities, including young people. "His role and position of trust make his crimes all the more shocking to the public and I share their revulsion at his actions."