Call the Midwife fans were heartbroken when they heard Leonie Elliott was stepping down from the BBC hit series as Lucille Robinson. The star confirmed the news in a heartfelt letter, but she has since spoken out further about her exit. She revealed she would be happy to return to the series, which is set to run up until at least 2026. When asked whether she would pop up as a guest star in a later season, the star told Radio Times: "You'd have to ask the producers, ha! "It would be lovely to pop up and see what's happening with Lucille in Jamaica." The character returned to Jamaica earlier in season 12 after suffering from severe depression following her miscarriage. READ MORE: Call the Midwife star hints at exit for Matthew after wedding She said her time on the show had been a pleasure, adding: "For me, Call the Midwife represents female pioneers who made tremendous contributions to Britain. "It’s also been a joy to represent the Windrush generation and to tell the stories of mine and so many others' grandparents." With this in mind, fans of Lucille should not give up hope just yet as she could make a guest appearance in the future. Her close friends and family in the show are likely to continue mentioning her in passing as they are keen to find out how she is getting on. Her original statement on Twitter said: "Thank you all for embracing Lucille and rocking with me on this journey. "It is with a heart full of love and appreciation that I embark on pastures new. "Having spent six years on a truly wonderful show, with a fantastic team I have fallen deeper and deeper in love with Lucille. "I feel honoured to have represented the pioneering Windrush generation and their incredible impact on British society. DON'T MISS... Call The Midwife fans fear for Nancy Corrigan after finale Call the Midwife star makes candid filming confession Call the Midwife has been renewed for three more seasons "I would like to say a massive thank you to the brilliant cast and our uber-talented creative team: Heidi Thomas, Pippa Harris and Annie Tricklebank. "Thank you again for all your support, it is hugely appreciated. Super excited for what's coming next." The star signed off with one of Lucille's famous references, saying: "Over and out, precious!" Fans flocked to the comments to thank the star for her work on the beloved show. They also wished her well in whatever she chooses to pursue next in her acting career. Gemma Scott shared: "You will be missed! Lucille was such an amazing character. "Thank you for bringing her to life. I hope that you will return again one day. Until then I look forward to seeing what you do next!" Filming for the 13th season is expected to start in the spring of 2023. Call the Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer