When not grown in a pot, English ivy can be both ground creeping or climbing nearby trees, rocks, buildings, and pretty much anything they can lay their stems on. The vines of the plant can strangle the roots of a tree and can cause damage to the bark, plus it adds excess weight to the tree. When it comes to damaging property, the roots of the ivy can dig into the softer mortar of a brick wall and weaken it. This allows moisture to get into and behind the bricks. Ivy shoots can easily grow bigger in these weak spots and will worm their way into windows and under siding. As ivy stems grow thicker, it expands and causes more damage. Searching for ways to get rid of the ivy plant in their garden, one gardening enthusiast took to Gardening Hints and Tips on Facebook to ask fellow group members for the best advice. Carol Lynch wrote: “How can I get rid of ivy? It's taking over my hedges.” The post was inundated with comments from fellow gardening enthusiasts. The majority recommended cutting the plant back. READ MORE: Remove ‘stubborn’ weeds from paving ‘properly’ with 2 natural methods Daniella Kerrigan said: “Cut in right at the rook and then dig it out.” Sandra Lee commented: “Cut it from the bottom. I have some all over my trees. It’s such an invasive plant that strangles all it grows on. Make sure you get a big chunk out of the ivy trunk.” Joe Murphy replied: “Don’t use any chemicals as it’ll kill the plant it’s on that you’re trying to save. Just cut it at the base if you want it gone." Karen Newall advised: “Cut it back and at the roots block its light out. It's the only way to kill it and not your hedge. DON'T MISS‘Quick rule’ when loading tumble dryers for optimum energy efficiency [EXPERT]‘Soak off’ stubborn air fryer grease with 4p item - ‘works like magic’ [TIPS]‘Super effective’ solution to stop your clothes smelling of bleach [COMMENT] “No need to pull it out of the hedge, just cut at the base of the ivy to kill it. Add a thick layer of bark chippings and it will die off. I've had the problem too.” Andrea Shaw recommended: “Cut a three inch piece out of the main stem near to the root and the top of it will die off making it easier for you to get to the root to dig up.” Lauren Lamb instructed: “Cut it at the roots, it will die off. Tackle the roots by digging out or strong weed killer.” Willie Homer added: “Cut at base where you can. The runners will die off then pull. READ MORE: ‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ “The base and root should die as well if you cut below soil level but if not just cut any new growth as it comes. Afraid in most things gardening related, digging and pruning is always best.” Other gardening fanatics recommended using household remedies to get rid of ivy, specifically with vinegar, salt and washing up liquid. Josie Connor said: “Vinegar, salt and washing up liquid in a spray bottle. You might have to do it a few times. Eventually it will kill it.” Sam Hawkins responded: “You can use a bucket of this solution. I think I was told one gallon of vinegar, half a cup of salt and half a bottle of dish soap (I used only about a quarter of a bottle), worked well for me.” Speaking to Express.co.uk, Fiona Jenkins, gardening expert at myjobquote.co.uk, agreed with this method to kill ivy. She said: “A strange yet effective combination to stunt the growth of ivy with quick results, is a mixture of apple cider vinegar (one gallon), dish soap (one ounce) and salt (one tablespoon). “Fill up a spray bottle and spray thoroughly over the plant, let the mixture sit for at least five days before checking on the progress.” Once the ivy appears to be dead, gardeners can then use sheers to remove the plant from their property.