One of Joe Biden's political rivals has urged the US President to allow Novak Djokovic to play in the Miami Open as the controversy over the star entering the US continued. Djokovic was forced to withdraw from the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells this week over his continued refusal to be vaccinated against Covid-19. It follows the 22-time Grand Slam champion missing the same events last year and the US Open in September. And sure enough, those not jabbed remain forbidden from travelling to the US, meaning further frustration for Djokovic and his camp. That's despite him being backed by the United States Tennis Association (USTA), while the official US Open account last week tweeted: “Novak Djokovic is one the greatest champions our sport has ever seen. The USTA and US Open are hopeful that Novak is successful in his petition to enter the country, and that the fans will be able to see him back in action at Indian Wells and Miami.” US Travel Association President and CEO Geoff Freeman has also slammed President Biden from persisting with a draconian policy, arguing his travel regulations are costing the country £67 billion. And now Florida Governor Ron DeSantis has written an open letter to Biden urging him to allow the Serbian to play in Miami, with the tournament starting Sunday, March 19. JUST IN: Emma Raducanu out of pre-Indian Wells exhibition just hours before match in new setback "The only thing keeping Novak Djokovic from participating in the Miami Open tennis tournament is President Biden’s misguided and unscientific COVID-19 vaccination requirement for foreigner travellers," he tweeted, alongside images of the letter. "Mr. President – lift your restrictions and let him compete." In the letter, DeSantis accused Biden of "pedantic politics" that was going against the will of American tennis fans. "The denial is unfair, unscientific, and unacceptable," he added, arguing the presence of Djokovic posed no risk to the public. Don't miss... BBC respond to claims 60-year Wimbledon tradition to be axed [LATEST] Medvedev's 'impossible' Indian Wells theory proven wrong by title run [LATEST] Britain could still have Emma Raducanu-style fairytale at Indian Wells [LATEST] Djokovic has already enjoyed leeway from the Australian authorities this year, having been deported out of the country in January 2022 following his explosive visa saga. He was duly handed a three-year ban from revisiting the coutry. However, that was lifted in time for him to compete at the Australian Open. The 35-year-old capitalised, winning the tournament for the 10th time to equal Rafa Nadal's overall Slam record.