Mercedes will face a difficult position over Lewis Hamilton and George Russell later in the season, according to F1 icon Emerson Fittipaldi. The Brazilian feels the team will not interfere with the pair’s inter-team rivalry unless the championship is on the line. However, he warned Toto Wolff and Mercedes bosses will have to prioritise one of their drivers if there is a glimmer of hope in securing the title. Speaking to VegasInsider, Fittipaldi said: “I think Mercedes' situation, they let the drivers fight each other. I think that's a good policy. George was more consistent at the beginning of last season and then Lewis came back. "The talent and experience of Lewis is there. No doubts about that. He has a gift and the talent, and putting it together, it will be tough for both. It will be interesting and it is similar to the situation of Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz. I think that is also interesting to keep track of. "At that level, Mercedes will not give any advantage to either driver until the championship points start accumulating in the year. READ MORE: Lando Norris 'the number one pick' to replace Lewis Hamilton "At one point, they'll have to make the decision of putting 100 per cent effort behind Lewis or behind George. Depends on who's where. That can happen. It can happen easily in that situation.” Hamilton and Russell’s relationship is yet to be tested with a heated championship challenge. Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were childhood friends before clashing as the pair battled for top honours at Mercedes. The tension came to a head at the 2016 Spanish Grand Prix as the two title protagonists collided. Wolff has vowed he would never let the situation get out of control again and even threatened to ban drivers from racing as punishment. Russell questioned if the pair were free to race during the Brazilian Grand Prix last year which the youngster eventually won. DON'T MISS Lewis Hamilton concerns raised by Ted Kravitz before Bahrain GP [INSIGHT]Red Bull car set-up may be hurting Max Verstappen's team-mate [ANALYSIS]Martin Brundle uses Liverpool to explain worrying Mercedes situation [COMMENT] Mercedes confirmed the pair could battle in a “respectful” manner with Russell clarifying the team's position after the race. He said: ”We have always said we are free to race. "Toto and the team have put a lot of faith and trust in Lewis and I. We have had a few side-by-side moments throughout this year and it has always been respectful and I think we have got a huge amount of respect for one another.”