Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag may be about to experience the same frustrations as Ole Gunnar Solskjaer heading into the summer transfer window. The Norwegian was originally seen as the man to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford after an impressive start to life in the dugout at Old Trafford. After taking over from Jose Mourinho as a caretaker manager, Solskjaer went on to win 14 of his first 19 matches in charge including a memorable Champions League comeback against Paris Saint-Germain before being handed the job on full-time basis. He was given big money to spend in his first summer transfer window as both Harry Maguire and Aaron Wan-Bissaka joined before a deal was brokered for Bruno Fernandes in the January market. But there were multiple reports at the time suggesting that Solskjaer's main wishes were for another deep-lying midfielder to be brought in. A deal for Donny van de Beek raised several eyebrows with the Dutchman playing in the same position as Fernandes and unlikely to start regularly. Solskjaer was soon coming under pressure with both Scott McTominay and Fred struggling to impress. But the United board seemingly saw no need to bolster the one position the club were in desperate need of changing.  Solskjaer ultimately paid the price as he was sacked in November 2021 with Van de Beek the only midfield signing made during his three years in charge. Ten Hag didn't have to wait nearly as long as his predecessor for United to make a move in the market for a top-holding midfield player with Casemiro joining from Real Madrid. But it's being reported that the Dutch coach wants to make another marquee signing in midfield this summer while the United board supposedly prefer to focus their efforts on a central striker. It's claimed that a midfield signing will be solely dependent on the club raising funds through player sales with the likes of Harry Maguire, Anthony Martial and Alex Telles being made available. While Ten Hag will have been delighted at the capture of Casemiro, he won't want the club to rest on their laurels in building a side capable of challenging for the Premier League title once again. Ten Hag has managed to revive Fred's career at Old Trafford with the Brazilian forming a strong partnership alongside his compatriot.  But now it's a case of squad depth and ensuring United have adequate cover to avoid any injury crisis affecting their performances. Marcel Sabitzer was signed as an emergency short-term loan solution in the January window and he's hit the ground running, but it's unclear whether the Austrian will join on a permanent basis in the summer. It's indicated that Ten Hag is wanting to bring in a player like Frenkie de Jong or Jude Bellingham, both of whom are seen as two of the best young midfielders in world football. The United board backed their manager last summer to rectify the errors made under Solskjaer. But Ten Hag clearly wants to build a dynasty of his own at Old Trafford and Solskjaer's reign will act as a warning to the Dutchman in terms of the club's transfer business.