Chelsea will reportedly listen to offers in the region of £50million for Mason Mount this summer with both Manchester United and Liverpool showing an interest. Frank Lampard was the man who gave Mount his opportunity in Chelsea's first-team back in 2019 after impressing on loan with Derby the year prior. He was one of several young stars including Callum Hudson-Odoi, Reece James, Fikayo Tomori and Tammy Abraham to all enjoy impressive breakthrough seasons that year. But Mount, 20 at the time, looked to be the standout player in the crop of young stars with only Cesar Azpilicueta playing more minutes than him that year. He's been an ever-present in Chelsea's side ever since and had a career-best season last year with 12 goals and 16 assists in all competitions. But his role at Chelsea has changed this year under Graham Potter with an abundance of other attacking options joining the club. He's only completed the full 90 minutes in the Premier League seven times so far this season and was a substitute in two of Chelsea's last four league matches. With little over a year left on his current contract, his decrease in minutes at Chelsea has added to speculation that he could be sold. Both Liverpool and United are credited as two teams who would potentially be interested in signing the 24-year-old. And The Guardian claim Chelsea owner Todd Boehly would contemplate selling Mount if an offer in the region of £50m came in. The report states that Chelsea want to avoid scenarios of key players entering the final years of their contract. Boehly was supposedly left 'unimpressed with the previous regime' with both Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen leaving as free agents last summer. Don't miss... Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [LATEST] Tottenham may owe Chelsea and Potter gratitude amid growing crisis [LATEST] Man Utd transfer plans have been 'changed by Harry Kane and Casemiro' [LATEST] Talks over a new contract for Mount have reportedly 'hit a brick wall', raising further doubts on his future at Stamford Bridge. Potter evaded questions over Mount's future recently, insisting his main focus was getting things right on the pitch. “In terms of the contract that’s between him and club," he said earlier this month. “I’m the head coach and I get on with my job to work with the players and help them improve. "At the moment we’re not doing that as well as we liked so that’s the focus for me.”