A primary school teacher attacked her partner, stabbing him in the neck, before burying his body in their garden and telling her headteacher that she had COVID-19 and needed to self-isolate, a court heard. Prosecutors allege that Fiona Beal wrote a “chilling” confession, describing her “dark side” as ruthless and detailing how she had kept a knife in a bedside drawer and encouraged Nicholas Billingham to wear an eye mask, prior to his pre-planned murder. Beal, 49, of Moore Street, Northampton, denies she murdered 42-year-old Mr Billigham, whose partially mummified remains were uncovered in March last year, four-and-a-half months after he was seen at a business meeting. Prosecutor Steven Perian KC opened the case at Northampton Crown Court on Monday by saying that Beal had written in her notebook that she believed her husband was cheating on her, and as a result “had decided to kill him” by October 2021. Jurors were informed that the notebook contained a claim that Beal had been spat on as well as threatened during sex and subjected to cruel and belittling treatment. Mr Perian, alleging that Beal killed Mr Billingham on November 1, told the court: “Nicholas Billingham while still in a relationship with the defendant had cheated on her with other women. She (Beal) believed he was cheating on her again.” However, Mr Perian claimed Beal constructed a plan to kill Mr Billingham rather than simply leave him. The prosecutor argued that Beal conceived of how she would conceal his remains, explain his disappearance to others as well as explain her own absence from work when she committed the crime. Mr Perian said: “The prosecution suggests from the evidence gathered it is very likely, she killed Nicholas Billingham during the evening of the 1st of November 2021 in their bedroom.” The Crown alleges that to dispose of his body, Beal wrapped and tied Mr Billingham’s corpse, buried it in the garden, before painting and cleaning the bedroom where the murder had unfolded. Mr Billingham, it is alleged Beal claimed to others, had left her for another woman. It is also alleged that she used his phone to message friends and work colleagues, to create the illusion that he was still alive. Beal, the court heard, was found by police in March 2022 at a lodge near Kendal in Cumbria. She was suffering from superficial wounds and had written “what read like a suicide note”. She was then taken to the local hospital and detained under the Mental Health Act. Mr Perian told the court: “The police recovered a notebook from the place where she had been renting that detailed a chilling account of how she had planned and killed someone, but it did not contain the name of the person she had killed.” Northamptonshire Police were then contacted, the trial heard, and visited Beal's home. They found a bloodstained mattress in the basement, as well as an apparent blood stain on the bed frame in the master bedroom.   The garden was then also partly dug up, which revealed “partially wrapped and partially-clothed” human remains. Black plastic which was wrapped around the victim’s head was uncovered as well as clothing thought to be a dressing gown. Mr Billingham’s death, a pathologist concluded, was a single stab wound to the right-hand side of his neck, which cut through the jugular vein. Beal, who worked as a Year 6 teacher at Eastfield Academy in Northampton, was absent from November 1 to November 12, according to records. During Beal’s period of “Covid sickness”, her headteacher had been in regular contact with her, the jury heard. Upon returning to work, she said her partner had left her, but her work would not be impacted. Beal sent the headteacher another message in late February 2022 saying she was unwell. However, she was traced by the authorities to Cumbria, where she had checked into the lodge on March 6. The court was told the police attended the lodge on March 15 after being contacted by a concerned family member. Police found the apparent suicide note and notebook. Beal was admitted to the Royal Lancaster Infirmary, where officers read the notebook and came to the conclusion that the defendant had killed Mr Billingham. Don't miss... Former RAF base likely riddled with asbestos chosen to house migrants [INSIGHT] Fury at plan to house migrants in 'inhumane' RAF base [ANALYSIS] Carpathian Shepherd dog that understands Latin could be put down  [LATEST] The notebook, some of which was read to the jury by Mr Perian, contained a reference to the 1991 film Thelma & Louise. It read: “Everything changed last year. There's a quote from 'Thelma and Louise' that feels appropriate, 'Thelma: “You be sweet to them, especially your wife. My husband wasn't sweet to me.' “I suppose I ought to explain what happened to get me to this point. My mental health had been deteriorating. Whenever he was cheating he would up the ante on belittling, moaning and criticising.” “I have to confess. Ok here goes. October 2021. He spat on me and threatened me during sex. I thought about leaving but the things he said and did fuelled my dark side - I call her Tulip22, she's reckless, fearless and efficient. Ruthless. “I started plotting as Tulip22 after he'd gone to bed. I could no longer sleep in the bed due to my breathing being too loud or I moved too much or I was snoring or etc.” The court heard the notebook entry, which referred to 17 years of “him” being argumentative, mean, cruel and belittling, continued: "I knew I couldn't let him get away with it. Halloween sealed it. He was vile. “That night I planned. Covid rules meant I had a guaranteed 10-day isolation period from positive symptoms. “I called (Beal's headteacher) on the Monday and said we'd tested positive and had symptoms. He went to work. Tulip22 smoked and planned. I'd planned it mentally so many times before. “I had a bath. I left the water in. I encouraged the bath with the incentive of sex afterwards. “While he was in the bath I kept the knife in my dressing gown pocket and then hid it in the drawer next to the bed. I brought a chisel, bin bag and cable ties up too. “I got him to wear an eye mask. It was harder than I thought it would be. Hiding a body was bad. Moving a body is much more difficult than it looks on TV.” The trial continues.