Millions of people in the UK are shivering as a sudden influx of wintry conditions brought severe weather warnings across much of the country. Almost all of the UK has been blanketed in snow at some point this week, with more arriving now across the north of England, Scotland and large swathes of Northern Ireland. But with spring officially just 11 days away, many will be wondering when temperatures will warm up. And the good news is brighter days are coming. The Met Office told Express.co.uk the nation would be able to look forward to a milder mercury, but that late March and early April wouldn't come without its unsettled periods. Stephen Dixon, a Met Office spokesman, said: "During the latter part of March and through to early April, temperatures are most likely to be around average with milder interludes favoured in the south and colder interludes favoured in the north. "However, although uncertain, there are signals for more unsettled conditions in the south, with periods of wind and rain possible at times." Jim Dale, senior meteorologist at British Weather Services also did not reject claims of warmer weather approaching. Weather maps from WXCHARTS show the south east could well bask in highs of up to 15C before the end of March.  Mr Dale said: "Temperatures are going that way, up, albeit slowly and from the south upwards, we can expect to see some spikes by April." The south east, particularly areas south of London, has escaped the worst of the snow, especially today as much of the south-east coast is drenched in rain. Regions such as Essex, Cambridgeshire, parts of Hertfordshire and Berkshire are without any weather warnings for snow and ice. And it's these areas which could be set for the warmest conditions by the end of March. In terms of when the nation's fortunes will collectively change, Mr Dale added: "It'll be mid-month for all but a bit up and down with Scotland holding on to snow for a while yet." READ MORE: Queen Camilla forced to abandon visit as snow grounds royal helicopter   Maps show parts of northern France will also heat up to around 19C on March 24, which is the day when highs of 15C to 16C could be reached in England. According to the Met Office's long-range forecast for March 14 to 23, the risk of wintry showers will continue along "exposed coasts" of northern England and Scotland. It says: "However, away from Scotland, settling snow is most likely confined to high ground. "Temperatures will be nearer average in the south. The unsettled regime is predicted to stay into mid-week, although becoming milder than average for most away from the far north, this bringing rainfall, and potentially strong winds at times. "This theme is likely to continue, with spells of rain periodically moving north, and snow on the leading edge of rainfall over northern high ground. Many places potentially wetter than average through this period, except for the far north, with temperatures around average for many."  DON'T MISS Jet2 issues weather warning for travellers [REPORT] Households urged to perform ‘simple’ cost-free job to keep heat in [INSIGHT] Benidorm expects record-breaking Easter as hotels could sell out [LATEST] It hints the UK could be in for a mixed bag of conditions by late March and early April, with mild spikes met with colder plunges, rain, and even more snow. From March 23 to April 6 it adds: "Confidence remains fairly low during this period, with a lot of uncertainty. However, in general it's likely to be drier further north, apart from occasional wintry showers, while rain and strong winds are more likely to be more of a feature in the south, with a low risk of snow at times. "This is mainly on the boundary between these two regimes. Milder conditions may extend north periodically. Temperatures overall mainly around average, with milder spells in the south and colder spells in the north."