The 95th Academy Awards saw history being made as Everything, Everywhere All at Once star Michelle Yeoh made a heartfelt speech following her historic win. The film dominated the awards show, and the 60-year-old expressed how much it meant to her to have achieved the all-important title. Michelle stated the win was "a beacon of hope" for "little boys and girls who look like me". The film won seven awards in total, with the multiverse story proving a hit with audiences. As she took to the stage to accept the award, Yeoh commented: "For all the little boys and girls who look like me watching tonight, this is a beacon of hope and possibilities. "And ladies, don't let anybody tell you that you are ever past your prime." She added: "This is proof that dreams do come true. I have to dedicate this to all the mums in the world because they are the superheroes, and without them, none of us would be here tonight." READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap Speaking after the event, she echoed her sentiments whilst speaking to the BBC. "It means the world to me," she beamed. "It means the world not just to me but so many people who look like me. "And in that part of the globe, you can hear the roar of joy and happiness." When asked how it feels to her on a personal level to be the first Asian actress to win the award, she continued: "Hey, I hope that I'm not the last and that this is just the beginning." The movie also won Best Picture, Director, Original Screenplay, Supporting Actress, Supporting Actor, and Editing. Yeoh plays a Chinese-American woman who is facing a few struggles in life in the hit film. She soon discovers different versions of herself in a multiverse and must utilise all of her talents to save the world. Yeoh is also only the second woman of colour to have won Best Actress. Don't miss... Endeavour's Shaun Evans pays tribute to Fred Thursday star [LATEST] David Attenborough 'enthusiastic' for BBC show 'never done before' [EXCLUSIVE] Megan McCubbin delivers sweet message to 'amazing' Chris Packham [EXCLUSIVE ] Halle Berry also took the title for her role in Monster's Ball in 2002. In the latest ceremony, Brendan Fraser was named Best Actor for his depiction a reclusive and morbidly obese teacher in The Whale. The actor paid tribute to the film's director, stating: "I'm grateful to Darren Aronofsky for throwing me a creative lifeline." He added: "I just wanted to say thank you for this acknowledgment." On his fellow nominees, he continued: "You laid your whale-sized hearts so we could see into your souls, like no one else could do, and it is my honour to be named alongside you in this category." Meanwhile, German anti-war epic All Quiet on the Western Front scooped four awards, including Best Foreign Feature and Cinematography. The event was deemed a success and a less controversial night than last year's, which saw actor Will Smith take to the stage to slap comedian Chris Rock. While the incident was thankfully not repeated, a few jokes were made alluding to the shocking moment from last year.