Britain is set to be swept with heavy snow and ice, the Met Office has warned, as temperatures have been tipped to reach as low as -9C next week. Yellow warnings have been issued by the Met Office for much of Scotland - while a Level 2 Cold Weather warning has now been updated to Level 3 in parts of northern England starting on Monday. According to WX Charts, very cold temperatures will hit Scotland on March 6 before moving down the country. According to WXcharts temperatures could reach as low as -11C by Monday 13. Snowfall is also expected to sweep the south of the country, coming on Thursday, Saturday and Sunday in Cardiff, London and East Anglia, the charts suggest. This is combined with a 90 percent probability of severe cold weather, icy conditions and heavy snow from Monday to Thursday next week in a Level 3 Cold Weather warning. The warning, issued by the UK Health Security Agency and the Met Office is one stage below a national emergency and predicts widespread frost, wintry showers and a risk of ice hazards. Brits are advised to look out for anyone who is vulnerable to cold temperatures.  Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at the UK Health Security Agency, said: "During periods like this, it is important to check in on family, friends and relatives who may be more vulnerable to the cold weather, as it can have a serious impact on health. "If you have a pre-existing medical condition or are over the age of 65, it is important to try and heat your home to at least 18°C if you can.’" Commenting on the yellow warnings for the north and east of Scotland and England, the Met Office told people to prepare for "frequent snow showers." The agency said: "The area of high pressure that has brought recent benign conditions will move away to the west at the start of next week, allowing a northerly airflow to sweep across the UK. The introduction of an Arctic maritime airmass will bring snow showers to Scotland, Northern Ireland and along the east coast of England from Monday. "The snow showers will predominantly impact northern and eastern areas; however, it will be cold across the UK, with widespread freezing conditions overnight." Deputy Chief Meteorologist, Chris Almond, said: "Very cold air will spread across the UK from late on Sunday through early next week. READ MORE: Met Office bolsters fears of Arctic blast and heavy snow coming to UK [REVEAL] "This brings with it snow even to low levels in the north and east through Monday and Tuesday, and in excess of 10cm could accumulate, most likely on high ground in the north, but also settling for a time at lower levels. "With freezing overnight temperatures and the risk of ice, there’s a risk of some travel disruption and wintry hazards are likely to persist through much of next week, even further south for a time, so keep an eye on the Met Office forecast for the latest information." James Coles of Scottish Mountain Rescue and Team Leader at Moffat Mountain Rescue also warned of "challenging conditions". He said: "The UK is entering a period of increasingly challenging weather conditions with snow, ice and gusty winds all featuring prominently in the forecast for the coming week. "Upland areas, especially in the mountains, can see conditions change very rapidly and they may be markedly different from surrounding lowland areas. Met Office warnings come into force on Monday, but conditions ahead may deteriorate more quickly at higher elevations." In Ireland, Met Eireann has warned a windchill on Tuesday morning "will be a shock to the system" adding Tuesday night will be "another very cold night with a widespread sharp frost in sub-zero temperatures."