A woman has been refused IVF treatment because she is single. Anne-Marie Morrison, 36, says she is "absolutely outraged" and "deeply hurt" that legislation does not currently allow single women entry to publicly run IVF clinics.  Anne-Marie, who left an abusive relationship, said it would "mean everything" to have have a child. Speaking to Edinburgh Live, the university student said: "I am absolutely outraged, I can’t believe it and I am deeply hurt. For someone to squash your dreams when they don’t even listen to you and don’t even know who I am. They don’t know these millions of other women and they don’t know what we’ve been through. "I am always giving gratitude for my life and everything that surrounds us. It’s beautiful and I could provide that to someone else. It means everything to me to bring someone into the world that is stunning and experience it with me." The psychology and counselling student has campaigned for the NHS to change how it offers services. Anne-Marie, a practising Christian, started her baby journey 10 years ago and has suffered setbacks in her quest to become a mum. She was previously offered IVF on the NHS but had the offer rescinded when she ended the abusive relationship. This led to Anne saving thousands of pounds of her own money to go to a private sperm bank twice - but sadly both attempts failed. Anne-Marie argues that being forced to be in a relationship “is against” her choice and “ludicrous.” She went onto say: "I am able to have relationships, I’ve had them but it’s not what I want for my life, I’m not saying that I wouldn’t have a relationship but all I want in this life is a baby. I just haven’t met anyone who that I can trust enough at the moment to bring into a baby’s life. I am putting mine and their safety first before anyone else.” "I was with someone who was horrible to me and beating me. I went through women's aid and left this person a long, long time ago and grew these protective skills to know where to spot them if I am ever with someone like that again. "You deserve the highest level of treatment and I haven’t found that and that’s why I haven’t settled down with someone." Anne’s petition has already received over 400 signatures but needs 10,000 for it to be considered by the Scottish Government. It can be viewed here.  Anne also encourages anyone to get into contact on email with any information or support many other woman: mumstheword23@mail.com. A Scottish government spokesperson said: “While legislation, licensing and regulation of IVF is reserved, delivery is managed by the Scottish government. We have invested around £40 million over five years to improve IVF waiting times and meet expanded NHS access criteria." A UK government Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: “To ensure equal access to fertility treatment, we expect local health services in England to commission fertility services in line with National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) guidelines. "As guidelines cover diagnosing and treating fertility problems, they do not cover IVF treatment for single women who do not have a diagnosed fertility problem. NICE is currently reviewing its fertility guidelines and will consider whether the current recommendations for access to NHS-funded treatment are still appropriate. We expect that this review will be published in 2024.” 