Meghan Markle was all smiles as a photographer complimented her on her outfit and wished her a "Happy International Women's Day". The Duchess of Sussex, 41, looked in a very good mood as she left the Gracias Madre restaurant after a quiet lunch with her friends. She could be seen beaming as she walked towards her car, taking a second before getting in to thank the paparazzi for their compliments. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat As she left the restaurant, one of the paparazzi was overheard saying: "Happy International Women's Day! You look great, by the way." "Have a good day guys - thank you so much," Meghan replied, before hopping into the car. For the outing, Meghan donned an all-black outfit, accentuated by sleek Valentino sunglasses and a classic Chanel handbag. The Duchess of Sussex also paid a visit to Harvest Home, an organisation that provides housing and support to women struggling with domestic violence, substance abuse and mental health issues. READ THE LATEST ROYAL NEWS ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S LIVE BLOG But because of the ban imposed on their parents when they stepped down, they will not be able to use the HRH style. The issue of the titles emerged as a major point of contention between the Sussexes and the Royal Family during Harry, 38, and Meghan's interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. During the interview, the Duchess said: "They didn't want him to be a prince...which would be different from protocol, and that he wasn't going to receive security. "We have in tandem the conversation of, 'He won't be given security. He's not going to be given a title'." DON'T MISS: King agreed to Archie and Lili's titles 'before Harry's book published [LATEST] Queen's lady-in-waiting made prediction about Princess Diana [INSIGHT] Meghan and Harry may have new 'Sussex tradition' after christening [ANALYSIS] Under a 1917 Letters Patent, only the grandchildren of the sovereign in the male line are entitled to be known as Princess or Princess. The rule was amended in 2012 to extend the privilege to the children of Prince William and Kate, the Princess of Wales. Her decree did not apply to Harry's children and therefore Archie and Lilibet were simply known as Master Archie and Miss Lilibet at first. But with the ascension of King Charles III to the throne, and with the pair now grandchildren of the sovereign, they automatically became eligibile to use their new titles in September. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews