Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta insists he will not be telling his players to reduce the intensity of their celebrations. The Spaniard says that level of passion cannot be taken out of the game. Arsenal have escaped any punishment for their elaborate celebrations following the dramatic win over Bournemouth last weekend. Gunners players and staff ran onto the pitch after Reiss Nelson's 97th-minute goal put them 3-2 ahead at the Emirates. Arsenal had completed a dramatic turnaround to maintain their distance to second-placed Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table. Referee Chris Kavanagh mentioned in his match report about the actions of the substitutes and staff. The FA launched a probe but decided not to take the matter any further. Arteta says the celebration police should "go to church" if they do not like how his team reacts to what could turn out to be a crucial moment in the title race. He said: "If you win in football you celebrate. You want passion and emotion. There is nothing better than scoring goals and winning football matches.  Read more... Lineker shrugs off BBC criticism as MOTD host seen joking at Leicester [LATEST] "So if not, you go to church. For sure I won’t be telling the players not to celebrate on Sunday." Arsenal will today be aiming to reopen the five-point gap over City following their rivals' win at Crystal Palace last night. The Gunners travel to Craven Cottage to play Marco Silva's Fulham. Captain Martin Odegaard missed Thursday's Europa League match at Sporting Lisbon due to illness. Arteta is unsure whether he and Kieran Tierney will be available in west London. He added: "I hope they do [train]. Martin was feeling better and then he became a little bit worse, but hopefully he is able to train today."  Don't miss... Jeff Stelling leaves fans in stitches with Gary Lineker joke on Sky [TV] Scholes wants Ten Hag to drop two stars after Real Betis win [QUOTES] Ian Wright called out by Matt Le Tissier after Match of the Day snub [REACTION] Meanwhile, Gabriel Jesus is edging closer to a return to action. He has not played since the World Cup following knee surgery. The Brazilian was pictured back in training this week but was not ready to play in Lisbon. Arteta claims Jesus still needs time to be at the level to play competitively again. "He had a bad injury and he’s been really pushing the boundaries and trying to get that recovery as quick and smooth as possible," Arteta said. "The reality is when he’s started to do some activities, he’s still feeling that he needs a little bit of time. "Is it a matter of days? Hopefully yes, more than a matter of weeks. The moment he is ready, he will be thrown onto the field. "The timescale that he had has been respected and it’s now more about his feelings, and when he actually demands he wants to be part of it." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 