Arsenal would reportedly only be one point clear at the top of the table if there was no VAR in the Premier League despite being on the receiving end of several poor decisions this season, with Manchester City losing out on four points by the system. Despite the Gunners’ recent issues with the off-field interventions, that PGMOL admitted were wrong, they have gained and lost exactly the same amount of points through VAR and it has not impacted their tally or league standing. Prior to Manchester United’s 7-0 loss at the hands of Liverpool over the weekend, Erik ten Hag’s side were speculatively tipped to mount a title charge this season. However, ESPN reports that VAR has actually benefitted them marginally this season and have gained a point on City thanks to the system. Tottenham would only be just a solitary point behind the Red Devils on 47 points, with the north London side being stripped of two points by the system – with the of their goals this season being disallowed by subjective decisions. Brighton would also be in fifth without VAR, with the south coast side missing out on six points this season due to questionable interventions – the most of any team in the league. Roberto De Zerbi’s side would be five points clear of sixth-placed Liverpool without the video assistant referee, whilst also having two games in hand over the Anfield outfit – who have gained three points thanks to those at Stockley Park this season. Newcastle would currently be in seventh without VAR this season, with Fulham on 35 points in eighth. Thomas Frank’s Brentford would be one point behind their London rivals, though they do have two games in hand to play. Chelsea have gained one point due to VAR this season, eradicating the potential excuse from Graham Potter that the system is to blame for their woeful campaign so far. They sit just a point above Aston Villa in the newfound table, with all the teams below them deemed to be in a relegation battle. Crystal Palace would be on one more point this season if VAR had not intervened in their matches, which is the case for 13th-placed Nottingham Forest as well. Wolves have gained one point through VAR and would drop into 14th, just above Leeds on 26 points. The Elland Road outfit would be on four more points this season without the video assistant referee, one of the worst affected sides in the Premier League. Leicester City would remain on 24 points without VAR, just a point above Bournemouth, who have dropped two points due to the system. Southampton and Everton remain in the bottom three, regardless of VAR, with West Ham rock bottom of the table on 21 points. The Hammers have gained two points through the video assistant referee this season, and if they were stripped of them then one would wonder whether the club would continue to stand by David Moyes. Full Premier League table without VAR 1)      Arsenal 63 2)      Man City 62 3)      Man Utd 48 4)      Tottenham 47 5)      Brighton 44 6)      Liverpool 39 7)      Newcastle 38 8)      Fulham 35 9)      Brentford 34 10)   Chelsea 33 11)   Aston Villa 32 12)   Crystal Palace 28 13)   Nottingham Forest 27 14)   Wolves 26 15)   Leeds 26 16)   Leicester 24 17)   Bournemouth 23 18)   Everton 22 19)   Southampton 22 20)   West Ham 21