More than 100,000 middle-aged women have dropped out of the workforce since the pandemic. Figures suggest the exodus has left a £7billion hole in the economy.  Some 109,000 females aged between 50 and 64 withdrew from the labour market after Covid struck. Anneliese Dodds, the shadow equalities secretary, has warned that the potential of midlife women is being left “untapped”. She will tell the Women’s Institute in London today that many women between 45 and 64 are often left juggling work, caring responsibilities and health issues. Ms Dodds is set to say: “The campaign for women’s equality has taken huge steps forward, such that women in their 50s are now the fastest-growing group in the UK workforce. This would have been simply unbelievable in my parents’ generation. “But women of this age group are often expected to hold down a job, care for elderly parents, support older children financially and ­emotionally, and more. The pressure is immense.”  One in 10 menopausal women have left their jobs because of their symptoms, while 14 per cent have reduced their hours with many ­taking time off sick, it was said. Ms Dodds, 44, will tell the WI that “if the menopause happened to men, there would be outrage, research, policy solutions and action”. She will add: “Our power is enormous, our potential untapped. “New analysis released today shows that if women aged 50 to 64 had the same employment rate as before the pandemic, they could be contributing up to £7billion more to the UK economy – £7billion worth of untapped contribution, creativity and brilliance.” Labour has said it will force large employers to publish menopause action plans setting out how they will support employees. Its analysis of official data showed the employment rate of 50 to 64-year-old women fell from 68 per cent at the start of 2020 to 66 per cent in October 2022.  This accounts for 109,000 more women in this age group not in work. The average productivity level for each worker is £66,600 a year. Ms Dodds will say she wants to start a “national conversation” about how to achieve a society where women in their 40s, 50s and 60s are helped to live “fulfilling lives”. A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said: “The department is thoroughly reviewing workforce participation to understand what action should be taken on increased economic inactivity.” 