Meghan Markle has "grown in confidence" and "come into her own" during solo appearances without her husband Prince Harry, according to a body language expert. A body language expert has shared the tell-tale signs that prove the Duchess of Sussex is a natural in front of the camera.  Body language and behavioural expert Darren Stanton analysed the Duchess of Sussex during her solo Variety interview last year. He said: “Despite being edited into different segments, Meghan gives us a number of interesting clues as to how she processes questions and responds in her interview with Variety. "The first thing with Meghan in this clip is that she has amazing eye contact with whom she is addressing. We talk about genuine eye contact being three to five seconds and she definitely adheres to this perfect timeframe. "She’s also not distracted when looking at the interviewer. This is a clever technique to make somebody feel special. READ MORE: Meghan was 'very humble' before she 'had to cull' friends  “A lot of the smiles and emotions that she demonstrates in some of the video segments are genuine. She appears to be operating from true emotions of happiness and joy. "When someone is being genuine their whole face is engaged, whereas someone who is looking to mask sadness only engages half of their face. "We know Meghan’s happiness is authentic as we can see three crows feet at the side of the eyes. Her whole face is engaged and she is radiating positivity.” According to the expert, Meghan's body language is very "tactile" for a key reason.   Mr Stanton added: “It is very interesting to see how Meghan processes information. When she is asked a question, she tends to look down and to the left. "This means she is running a tiny voice in her head called internal auditory dialogue. We all have this little voice when we’re going into certain situations, like a job interview or a social setting. "That’s her way of processing the question and checking her response. She is able to do this process very fast. “Meghan is quite tactile and not afraid to show her emotions. In psychology, we would refer to Meghan as being very kinaesthetic. This means she is able to respond through gut instinct. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby  "She comes over 100 percent confident in herself throughout the interview. As Meghan was previously an actress with many professional accolades under her belt, she’s used to being on set and in front of the camera. "It’s almost like she is able to turn on the charm for the interviewer.” According to the expert, Meghan is "extremely comfortable" being alone and without the presence of the Duke of Sussex. Mr Stanton explained: “During the photoshoot segments, I noticed Meghan putting her hands on her hips. "This is a classic power gesture that people in certain positions are taught, such as celebrities, politicians and CEOs. The theory is the more space we occupy as a human, the more powerful we will be perceived.  "Celebrities often adopt this stance in attempts to show their power. Meghan also seemed extremely comfortable posing for photographs. “I believe Meghan comes into her own when she is alone. She appears to have grown in confidence, especially during solo appearances with the media.  "I’m not saying she doesn’t exude confidence with Harry, but she seems more comfortable in her own skin when appearing by herself on screen. "She also appeared quite giddy at times. Perhaps she’s just enjoying the opportunity to show herself as an independent woman, as well as being part of a Hollywood power couple.” 