Minutes into the Oscars 2023, viewers became distracted by Tems' outfit as the singer, who was nominated for an award, donned the red carpet in a glamorous white dress which was accompanied by a huge headpiece. When the camera panned to the singer in the audience during the ceremony, viewers could see the Vibe Out hitmaker blocking the view of the people behind her. Tems was nominated for Best Original Song alongside Rihanna, director Ryan Coogler and Ludwig Goransson for Lift Me Up, which was included in the soundtrack of the Marvel movie Black Panther: Wakanda Forever. Tems stunned viewers with a puffy dress crafted by LA-based fashion designer Lessja Verlingieri of Lever Couture. Fans took to Twitter in droves, and while many complimented Tems' outfit, others slammed the singer for being "inconsiderate". User @gabycambero tweeted: "I feel sorry for the people sitting behind Tems at the #Oscars." READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap @Fela_bqck branded Tems "rude", commenting: "I DON'T F*****G UNDERSTAND." While @TicyCece added: "To be candid, Tems deserve every criticism she is receiving right now. How do you go to an award night as Big as the #Oscars in such an outfit?? That's absolutely disgraceful." @alexblac_ink shared: "Tems' outfit at the #Oscars was insensitive though. And it just stood out for the wrong reason." User @babs_sbs likened Tems' dress to the iconic Chris Rock slap which dominated headlines last year. They said: "Last year’s #Oscars was the famous slap by Will smith, here we go again this year with the block by Tems." "We should be honest? Tems was inconsiderate with that her dress to the #Oscars," @TundeTresh complained. @SirJamini went on to say: ""Tems’ outfit at the #Oscars was very wrong. She should know better by now. I blame her, but her designer takes a larger portion of the blame. They didn’t think it through at all." However, @Yubbie007 went on to defend: "I know Tems was uncomfortable in her dress when she sat down. Don’t be too hard on her. She didn’t have to bend her dress either." Don't miss... Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [LATEST] Laura Kuenssberg faces calls to 'step down' over Lineker impartiality [REACTION] Vera star praises Brenda Blethyn as he details off-air monent [INSIGHT] The Oscars was filled with emotional moments, especially when Jamie Lee Curtis won an award. The Hollywood actress picked up the award for Best Supporting Actress for her part in Everything Everywhere All at Once. However, her victory sparked controversy among viewers, who felt Angela Bassett was "snubbed" for her role in Black Pantha: Wakanda Forever. Angela kept a straight face when Jami Lee picked up the trophy, and viewers claim the actress didn't clap for her opponent. Another talking point from the programme was Jimmy Kimmel's opening speech. The host took a moment to mock Will Smith and Chris Rock's iconic slap from last year. Jimmy slammed the Oscars crowd for "doing nothing" after Will slapped Chris following a joke about his wife Jada Pinkett-Smith. The 95th Academy Awards are available to stream on NOW and Sky Go.