There are several methods to make crispy bacon, but according to one TikTok creator, you should be sprinkling flour over the bacon strips before placing them in the oven, to ensure perfectly crispy bacon emerges. TikTok user @thechoppedcouple shared her video on her account, and it’s since gone viral, amassing more than three million views. The video was captioned: “Do you flour your bacon? Creates perfectly crispy bacon for BLTs, by reducing the curling!” Start by lining a baking tray with a silicone mat or greaseproof paper. Next, lay the bacon out side by side along the tray. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 5 weeks with simple storage solution Then take a pinch of flour, @thechoppedcouple chose all-purpose flour, and sprinkle it across the bacon. As for how the bacon was cooked, it’s presumed the tray was placed into the oven until it emerged crispy. It is also not known whether you flip the bacon halfway through and add flour to the other side. But there were many suggestions about placing the bacon in a ziplock bag of flour and shaking it to ensure all sides of the bacon are coated. Don't miss... Kate Middleton elevates her outfits from 'plain to chic' with  [STYLE] Hairdresser shares worst hair colours for older women [COMMENT] Man who was ‘addicted to takeaways’ sheds 6st with ‘no fad diet’  [EXCLUSIVE] Some suggest using cornstarch as it will make the bacon “even crispier” and is great for celiacs. TG uses the flour method but cooks the bacon in a pan: “We have always done it this way. Coat both sides lightly and fry.” Gusto said it’s the “best bacon ever” when it’s cooked this way. Leeann added: “Ok this looks [like a] game changer.” There were several other suggestions for anyone looking to elevate their crispy bacon. READ MORE: Two-ingredient breakfast bagel recipe that takes just 10 minutes Aaron Adams said: “Brush with maple syrup and sprinkle on brown sugar.” Another comment read: “Brown sugar is the bomb, basically candied bacon.” Someone else however “adds brown sugar and cayenne” pepper to their bacon. If you don’t want to use an oven, you can always place the bacon into an air fryer to crisp it up. Another way to make crispy bacon is by boiling it in a frying pan with a little water. The water “prevents the temperature from getting too high which gives the fat [on the bacon] the time to render out” and crisp up. The water will eventually evaporate and the bacon won’t overcook or burn.