A man has been arrested at the scene of a fatal car crash. Thomas Taylor, 47, from the Rumney area of Cardiff, was arrested at the scene to prevent an alleged breach of the peace after being asked to leave the area.  Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died while Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, survived but remain in a critical condition, according to police. All five were in a Volkswagen Tiguan that came off the A48(M) between Newport and Cardiff, crashing into trees. Mr Taylor was at the scene of the crash which had been cordoned off by police after the wreckage of the car was discovered just after midnight on Monday, almost two days after the group was last seen. A film and TV extra, Mr Taylor spoke before his arrest. He said: "When I heard the reports, I just couldn't believe it could be possible that a car could come off and no one know they were there. I still don't understand it.    "I feel for the families because, from what I can see from the reports, they did have a feeling something was wrong and they were flagging it up. Their instincts were correct. "I have some fears that perhaps when the reports came they had gone missing people (and) thought, 'Oh, it's just a night out'. "It's natural they might have disappeared for a bit, but the families' instincts are right." South Wales Police (SWP) said on Monday that their investigation into the incident is continuing as they confirmed the names of the victims.  Both SWP and neighbouring force Gwent Police, which was leading the missing persons investigation prior to the discovery of the car, said they have referred themselves to the Independent Office of Police Conduct (IOPC) "in line with normal procedure". An IOPC spokesman said: "We can confirm that Gwent Police have advised us that they are making a referral in connection with this tragic incident and we will carry out an assessment in due course to determine what further action may be required from us." Friends and relatives of the five youngsters have called the police handling of the case into question. Meanwhile, tributes continue to be left at the scene of the crash.  Eve's sister paid tribute to her in a post on Facebook. She wrote: "My beautiful little sister I've cried laughed and fought with you every week, but I've never been without you. "We always said, 'I got you always', but now I'm sat here feeling so empty because you're not here with me anymore, and I can't accept this. "I know you're safe up with there with our beautiful sister Xana, but I was never ready to let you go, my body is aching without you."  A friend of Darcy and Eve wrote: "I don't really have the words right now. "Darcy Ross I'm going to miss you little gypsy girl. You were one of a kind, I'm going to miss trying to 'life coach' you as you would've said. You were a real ray of sunshine especially on my bad days. "Eve Smith you were truly a beautiful young girl, who's heart was made of gold just like your sister's, give her a big hug for me and hold each other tight until the day we all have our turn and reunite." A friend of Mr Loughlin posted on Monday: "I'm so proud of us all pulling together out there searching for our dear friends last night."  "It's heart breaking what's happened to Rafel Jeanne and those two girls. My body is still shaking and I can't stop being sick the thought of them all there all of that time. "Many times I have driven past, it just makes me so sad and to how helpless our Shane Loughlin must of felt trapped inside. "Wish Sophie a speedy recovery and I send all my love and strength to all the families involved."  We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this news story. Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you by following Express every time you see our name. Follow Express on Google News. Follow Express on Apple News. Follow Express on Flipboard. You can follow us and sign up for Twitter alerts here @daily_express. Keep up-to-date with your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day by following us on Facebook at  