The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are set to get a taste of what Manchester United have had to put up with in recent years, with the NFL franchise preparing to cut back on spending. Both the Bucs and United are owned by the Glazer family. The Bucs have been the largest cash splashers in the AFL in recent seasons, with their spending helping them win their second Super Bowl title in 2020. The biggest outlay was legendary quarterback Tom Brady – who arrived on a £41.3million ($50m) two-year contract. They also traded for Rob Gronkowski for £8.25m ($10m), while making significant outlays on the likes Shaquil Barrett, Jason Pierre-Paul, Ndamukong Suh and Leonard Fournette. But according to Ian Rapoport on Good Morning Football, the Bucs are going to reduce their spending this upcoming free agency. “They don’t have a lot of money to spend. This is a different time for the Bucs after going all-in for the last three years and winning a Super Bowl with Tom Brady," said Rapoport. “They've spent as much cash as anyone, but they are kind of getting their books in order and paying some bills, so it isn’t going to be a wild spending free agency for Tampa Bay.” The Glazers recently put United up for sale after decades of complaints from Red Devils fans about the way they have run the club – with Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Qatari Sheikh Jassim among those who have bid for the outfit. Don't miss... Odell Beckham Jr names huge price tag ahead of NFL free agency [LATEST] Aaron Rodgers trade 'done' with teams agreeing a deal for NFL star [LATEST] New York Jets give sign they're about to trade for Aaron Rodgers [LATEST] While the Red Devils have spent a huge amount on money on the likes of Antony, Casemiro and Jadon Sancho in recent windows, the Glazers have been accused or not investing their own money. The good news for the Bucs is they aren’t going to avoid adding to their roster. Brady retired last year, so a new quarterback is on their radar – with Los Angeles Rams’ Baker Mayfield their top target. Free agent Mayfield, who previously played for Cleveland Browns and briefly the Carolina Panthers, is the cheaper option – with the likes of Lamar Jackson, Aaron Rodgers and Geno Smith available. “It does seem like Baker Mayfield is going to be a target for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers,” Rapoport added. “They do need a quarterback and it does seem, according to sources, that Baker Mayfield is at the top of the list. “For Baker this makes a lot of sense too. There isn’t a lot of legitimate starting opportunities in the NFL for a team that may not draft a quarterback in the first round. “Don’t be surprised if Baker, for the right deal, comes in here to compete with Kyle Trask and create some interesting quarterback competition.”