Kris Marshall is currently reprising his role of DI Humphrey in the Death in Paradise spin-off series, Beyond Paradise. The new series features him and his fiancée Martha Lloyd (played by Sally Bretton), as they move to the fictional seaside town of Shipton Abbott. Tim Key, who is executive producer for both series, had high praise for his leading man. Viewers resonate with Humphrey as a character, and Tim believes it has a lot to do with Kris Marshall’s skill as an actor. He revealed: “It’s a lot to do with Kris, he’s an amazing actor. Those great actors have something: whatever the story is, you want to be sat in the room with them. "If they’re on screen in a bar, you want to be in that bar and if they’re in conversation, you want to be a part of that conversation, too. You’re drawn to them, and Kris has that in abundance.” READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Fans of Death in Paradise know the warm, funny character of DI Humphrey well. Tim thought he was unique, which is why he wanted to bring the character back for another series. He explained: “Humphrey has this unerring zest for life, people are drawn to that positive energy. Humphrey was always a special character, so why not go back and see what he’s up to?" Beyond Paradise picks up several years after Death in Paradise in a new Devonshire location. The new series explores the relationship between DI Humphrey and Martha in more depth as they navigate real-life issues. Tim believed the chemistry between the two actors was key to the new series He stated: “When Sally Bretton joined the show as his love interest Martha Lloyd, we could just see the amazing chemistry they had together.” In the most recent episode both characters throw themselves into work to escape the recent loss of a baby. Don't miss... Beyond Paradise boss pays tribute to 'absolute joy' Ruth Madoc [LATEST] Death in Paradise star 'nearly died' on 'terrifying' flight to BBC set [INSIGHT] Beyond Paradise's DS Esther Williams star talks 'emotional' scene [INTERVIEW] Speaking about the storyline, he continued: "We explore this in all sorts of different ways, particularly through their journey wanting to start a family and become parents. "We wanted to tell an honest story of how hard this is, and what the definition of family means. "They bring such truth and heart and warmth to that story that we knew we could do something surprising which people wouldn’t expect from the show, alongside what people absolutely do expect, such as the puzzles and warm-hearted fun. "Their life journey is very truthful and very relatable, and the show is a glorious mix of emotions." Despite some character cross over, the new spin off series stands alone and Tim said viewers don't need to have watched Death in Paradise to enjoy it. He stated: “There are links in terms of the tone, but it is also its own thing, as we cannot, nor would we want to, rip off Death in Paradise. "I think people who haven’t seen Death in Paradise will enjoy it and take to it the same way as the people who have religiously watched the show from the start." Beyond Paradise returns this Friday at 8pm on BBC One.