Chelsea star Mason Mount has reportedly missed out on around £10million for his stance in contract negotiations with the club. The England midfielder is hoping to be paid in line with several of the new signings brought in under co-owner Todd Boehly, but talks have since reached an impasse and will resume in the summer. Mount has less than 18 months on his current deal and could leave Stamford Bridge in the summer if an extension cannot be agreed upon, as the likes of Liverpool, Newcastle and Manchester United have all been mentioned as potential landing spots for the 24-year-old. Mount has been in discussions over a new contract for several years, though may regret turning down a previous offer. The Daily Mail have claimed that Mount has been offered a £170,000-a-week deal by Boehly and co, which was similar to the financial package sent by the Roman Abramovich regime two years prior. Having turned down the offer in 2021, he would have been in a better position to negotiate another improved deal and has missed out on approximately £10m in earnings in the meantime after rejecting the £100,000-a-week pay bump. MUST READ Chelsea at risk of seventh transfer mistake in 16 years with £50m call [TRANSFERS] Chelsea boss Graham Potter has admitted that talks between the club and Mount are “complicated” though expressed his desire to keep him at Stamford Bridge. “I've spoken to him several times about his situation, football, and life generally,” Potter said ahead of the Blues’ trip to Leicester on Sunday. “My feelings for Mason are clear. He's a fantastic person firstly, but sometimes these things happen. They're complicated, and it's best I speak little about it, let them get on with it in deciding what is right for both parties.” Don't miss... Didier Drogba at 45 - Chelsea icon helped bring peace to Ivory Coast [LATEST] Chelsea boss Potter has performed Mason Mount contract U-turn [TRANSFERS] Storm Larisa could wreak Premier League and EFL havoc [REACTION] Potter gave an emphatic “yes” when asked if Mount is part of his plans for next season, but added: “But I'm not naive, and I know it's an important time for him and an important contract. These things have to be right for him, and his family, and it's important he makes a decision on that basis.” Chelsea may not want to hold onto Mount in the final year of his contract and risk him leaving for free in 2024, as reports have suggested that he could be available for a fee of £50m if an extension cannot be agreed upon when negotiations resume at the end of the current campaign. Mount has recently found himself out of the Chelsea team in recent weeks due to an abdominal injury though Potter admitted that the trip to Leicester would come too soon. Mount had been dropped from the starting lineup prior to his injury, however, as Kai Havertz, Joao Felix and Raheem Sterling have impressed in a front three together. 