Alan Shearer and Ian Wright have returned to screens just a day after leading the BBC boycott due to the broadcaster forcing Match of the Day host Gary Lineker to step back from his duties over a series of tweets criticising the government's new asylum policy. Arsenal hero Wright was the first to stand down and confirm he would sit out Saturday's edition of the football highlights show before Shearer then joined as the 20-minute programme was forced to air without punditry or commentary. However, Shearer and Wright were back together on Sunday as they provided punditry and analysis for Premier League TV for the three league games that kicked off at 2pm. The MOTD duo provided insight for Arsenal's trip to Fulham, Manchester United's clash with Southampton and West Ham's home fixture against Aston Villa alongside presenter Jules Breach. Premier League all-time top scorer Shearer shared a picture of himself with Wright and Breach ahead of their return to screens. Lineker has remained absent, though was pictured attending Leicester's 3-1 defeat to Chelsea on Saturday. MUST READ Gary Lineker set to win BBC row and return to Match of the Day [LATEST] Shearer's message was the first time he has spoken out since announcing via social media that he would not be appearing on MOTD. "I have informed the BBC that I won’t be appearing on MOTD tomorrow night," Shearer wrote on Twitter on Friday. His statement came after Wright had confirmed that he would miss the show in solidarity with Lineker before the former Gunners striker then claimed that he would quit the broadcaster for good if they fired the presenter.  Don't miss... Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [LATEST] BBC coverage of 4 events in jeopardy as co-workers stand with Lineker [REACTION] Lineker shrugs off BBC criticism as MOTD host seen joking at Leicester [SPOTTED] Lineker was forced off air by BBC director general Tim Davie on Friday evening, though the former Conservative Party local council candidate's recent comments have since suggested that a U-turn could be made after the backlash to the broadcaster's decision. “We are working very hard to resolve the situation and make sure we get output back on-air," Davie told BBC News. “I don’t want to go into too much details about the discussion. Gary Lineker is a superb broadcaster, the best in the business, that’s not in debate. He is an outstanding broadcaster and success for me is Gary gets back on-air.”  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE. 