Yesterday, March 1, Princess Charlene joined her husband, Prince Albert of Monaco, for the opening of the Testimonio Nursery in Monaco. The royal couple met with staff and children at the nursery. For the occasion, Charlene kept her look simple but chic. She wore a trench coat by one of her favourite brands, Akris. Called the 'Emotion' Camel Hair Trench Coat, it is still available to buy on Akris's website for €4,450. This is currently equivalent to £3,943.40. On its website, Akris described the coat, saying: "This camel hair coat has a soft, silk lining that will feel buttery against your skin. "A detachable hood allows you to wear the coat in multiple ways, while a self-tie belt cinches in your waist." Princess Charlene has worn the garment before, donning it for a slew of events during the run-up to Christmas in December last year. Yesterday, the royal paired the coat with a pair of slim black jeans and Dior heels. The shoes were the Cane Heel Navy Suede Pumps, costing €750, or £664.62. A simple shoe with a block heel, Charlene has opted for this footwear many times in the past.  Underneath her coat, Charlene seemed to be wearing a black turtleneck jumper and a black scarf. Her hair was styled in its usual chic Pixie cut and she wore minimal make-up. Royal fans were quick to comment on Charlene's outfit choice, and some noted how similar to another prominent royal woman she looked: Meghan Markle. Fans claimed Charlene's coat was very similar to Meghan's favourite coat - a Burberry trench she was seen in just earlier this week. Meghan was spotted in a new video on Monday, February 27, in collaboration with the coffee brand Clevr Blends. In the clip, Meghan was wearing the 'Maythorne' Nude Mulberry-Silk Trench Coat from Burberry, which currently retails for £1,595. Like Charlene, Meghan combined her coat with a pair of jeans and black shoes. Although Meghan's jeans were blue, the Duchess of Sussex also has a penchant for slim black jeans, similar to Charlene's pair. Meghan had been seen in this coat on numerous occasions before Monday - she donned it during her and Prince Harry's tour of New Zealand in October 2018, as well as in May 2017. Instagram user Catherine Duncan wrote: "Very much in the style of Meghan." User @sunshineandstars25 said: "Simple, classic, love a camel trench." Twitter user @vbspurs noted: "Princess Charlene favours Akris so much." Earlier this week, royal fans called Meghan's coat "simple and classic" too. Instagram user @mydocuments_ wrote: "The quintessential classic - white dress shirt, dark denim, and a great trench coat." User @austy_spumante added: "I'd wear this from head to toe. What's not to like about a classic trench and white button-down."