A courageous young girl battling cancer hopes to take Crufts by storm as she graces the stage at the dog competition this weekend. Freya Harris, 8, is undergoing treatment for stage four kidney cancer that has left her in hospital for weeks at a time. But despite having undergone brutal chemotherapy and radiotherapy, lung surgery and kidney removal, the brave youngster still plans to walk her dog Echo through her routine at Crufts. The eight-year-old from Horncastle, Lincolnshire, was diagnosed with Wilms' tumour, a rare form of kidney cancer, in 2021. Australian shepherd Echo joined the Harris family in 2022, years after Freya's love of dogs developed. She was exposed to the animals by her mum, Gemma, who worked as a dog walker when she was younger. They also watched the Crufts competition together, cementing her affection and inspiring her to one day enter herself. READ MORE: Dog and three new pups rescued from rubble months after Turkey quake She and Echo have realised her dream after passing a qualification event in Boston, Lincolnshire. Ms Harris told ITV's Good Morning Britain that her daughter was "jumping with joy" and "nearly crying" with excitement after finding out she had qualified, having taken the test after suffering a life-threatening adverse reaction to chemotherapy. The two will grace Birmingham's NEC this weekend alongside other entrants, with thousands of dog lovers watching on. Speaking ahead of the event, she said she was participating in the competition for "cancer warriors". She added that she wants to "help people fight and make dreams come true". While she has helped get Freya to Crufts, Echo plays a valuable role in Freya's home life and cancer battle. Freya said her dog is "amazing", and spoke of her valuable role in helping her stay afloat. She said: "If I’m having a bad day, she’ll snuggle up on the sofa with me. If I go and play out, she’ll go play with me." Don't miss... Shocking photos show migrant who wanted to be deported stab student [PICTURES] Woman buries neighbour's dog alive after barking kept her up at night [INSIGHT] Groceries chain probe after South American meat labelled 'British' [REPORT] "It depends on my mood, that’s her mood. She is everything you could think of for a dog.” Ms Harris concurred, stating Echo has helped open a "whole new world" for her daughter. She credited the dog with giving Freya "so much confidence", adding she has "really helped the family". She added: "Echo’s just clicked with Freya. Bad days, she’s there. Good days, she’s there. She’s never fussed with her tubes or anything, she understands what’s out of bounds.”