The Met Office has issued a yellow snow and ice warning for nine regions across the UK. The wintry weather warning is in place for 48 hours on Monday and Tuesday next week. In its warning, the Met Office said that "cold, blustery northerly winds will drive frequent showers of snow and hail into these areas". The snow and ice are forecast to impact nine regions, including central Scotland as well as the East Midlands. Other regions under the weather warning are: Grampian, Highlands, North East England, Orkney & Shetland, South West Scotland, Strathclyde, and Yorkshire & Humber.  The snow showers will start overnight on Monday, as the Met Office warned that those driving in for work could face travel chaos. The weather agency said "a small chance of travel delays on roads with some stranded vehicles and passengers, along with delayed or cancelled rail and air travel". JUST IN: Huge search and rescue mission launched in Sussex  On Tuesday, the area covered by the warning expands from seven regions across the UK to nine, with Strathclyde and East Midlands facing 24 hours of snow chaos.  The Met Office said that "frequent snow showers will continue" on Tuesday, while up to 10cm of snow possible in northern Scotland by the end of the day. Icy stretches are also a likelihood, especially during hours of darkness, according to the official warning. The Met Office forecast for the week ahead said that temperatures will start to plunge over the weekend before a "northerly airmass" introduces snow next week. DON'T MISS:Cold snap laid bare as -15C freeze to bring snow with 'nowhere immune' [FORECAST]Sunak wipes 4 points off Labour's lead with new Brexit deal [POLL]King Charles evicted Harry & Meghan over 'ultimate disrespect'–source [LIVE BLOG]  While the snow showers will predominantly impact northern and eastern areas, widespread freezing conditions are expected throughout the country. Deputy Chief Meteorologist, Chris Almond, said: “Although we’ve moved into meteorological Spring there will be a distinctly wintry feel to our weather next week. "Very cold air will spread across the UK bringing snow showers even to sea level in the north on Monday and these snow showers could spread further south on Tuesday. “With freezing overnight temperatures and the risk of ice it is likely weather warnings will be issued for Monday and Tuesday once the detail of potential impacts becomes clearer, so keep an eye on the Met Office forecast.”