Mauricio Pochettino is reportedly interested in a sensational return to Tottenham should the club decide to part ways with Antonio Conte. It is looking increasingly likely that the Italian will depart at the end of the season in a move that may be the best thing for both parties. Here Express Sport looks at four players at the club who would be perfect for the Argentine as he hopes to come back. Rodrigo Bentancur Much of Pochettino's success during his first spell hinged on the excellent performances of Moussa Dembele. The Belgian was a fantastic press-resistant midfielder and was regularly described as the best player at the club by his team mates. Bentancur is perhaps the best-suited of those currently at the club to take on that role. The Uruguayan is ultra-composed on the ball and should be fit to take his place in the starting lineup next season once he recovers from his knee injury. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg While Dembele was the key man of Pochettino's original Tottenham midfield, he was always supported by a hardworking, industrious ball-winner like Eric Dier or Victor Wanyama. Hojbjerg could be the perfect man for the role. The Dane already enjoys a good relationship with Bentancur and is an excellent ball-winner. Pochettino is likely to look to return to a four-at-the-back formation and the addition of an attacking midfielder would aid the 27-year-old's game no end as he would have even less pressure to create on the ball. Read more... Arsenal drop early team news hint as Gabriel Jesus filmed in training [LATEST] Dejan Kulusevski Everyone knows that Pochettino can get the best out of Kane and Heung-min Son with the duo the main goalscoring threats in his original Tottenham side. However, what they often lacked was a consistent third man, something they now have in Kulusevski. Pochettino will relish working with the Swede if he makes a return and will feel he has a better chance of getting his hands on silverware as a result. The Argentine often liked playing with two No 10s in Christian Eriksen and Dele Alli, and while Kulusevski may not be the same kind of player, he relishes coming instead to play in similar areas meaning he could still flourish. Don't miss... Laura Woods destroys Tottenham fan over 'miserable season' [REACTION] Tottenham star Ben Davies gives verdict on Antonio Conte return [LATEST] Billionaire NBA and McLaren chief 'eyeing Everton takeover' [NEWS] Destiny Udogie It is easy to forget that Tottenham signed the left-back over the summer given he instantly returned to Udinese on loan however he should be back in north London once this comes to an end. The 20-year-old is solid defensively but excels in attacking areas and could be the man Pochettino looks to as he did with Danny Rose years prior while he shapes his new defence.