Tottenham could be tempted to pursue as many as four Paris Saint-Germain players in the summer transfer window as the Ligue 1 giants attempt to trim their salary expenses over the coming months. They currently have one of the biggest wage bills in world football, with The Athletic claiming it to be as high as £645million per year. However, reports now claim that the club's Qatari owners are looking to scale back their expenses as a matter of urgency, which suggests that a fire sale could be set to take place at the Parc des Princes in the not-too-distant future.Express Sport takes a look at four players who could be of interest to Tottenham when the bidding opens at the end of the campaign... Tottenham are thought to be in the market for a new first-choice goalkeeper amid the uncertainty over Hugo Lloris' contract situation in north London. The Frenchman will be a free agent in the summer of 2024 as things stand and has only kept seven clean sheets in the Premier League so far this season, which suggests that he could be allowed to move on at some point over the next 18 months.Lloris' exit would leave Tottenham needing a long-term replacement but Donnarumma could be the perfect candidate after excelling for club and country in recent years, while he still has plenty of room for additional growth at the age of just 24. A cut-price move for the Italian stopper would be a shrewd deal for Spurs, who could solve their goalkeeping situation for at least the next decade by snapping him up later this year. JUST IN: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'wants to sign two of six stars' Another potential option for Spurs could emerge in the form of Renato Sanches, who has made just three league starts for PSG this season despite excelling at Lille when they won the title in 2021. The former Swansea City loanee would be able to add some depth to Tottenham's midfield ranks, with the north Londoners having been forced to deploy an inexperienced pairing of Oliver Skipp and Pape Matar Sarr on a handful of recent occasions.Sanches is yet to reach his peak years as a footballer and could be another smart long-term investment for Spurs if they decide to chase a move for his services when the season draws to a close. The Portuguese maestro could be another one up for grabs for a relatively modest fee in the summer after joining the club for just £12.5m a little under a year ago. A move for Presnel Kimpembe would suit one of Tottenham's main objectives for the summer transfer market, with the club believed to be keen on adding a new centre-back to replace Clement Lenglet when he returns to Barcelona at the end of his loan spell. Kimpembe would offer no shortage of top-level experience at the back for Spurs, which could help to strengthen their bid to qualify for the Champions League again next season, while he is also versatile enough to do a job on the left-hand side of defence when required.The Frenchman is also said to be one of the highest earners at PSG as things stand, which means that it could make sense for the Ligue 1 champions to ship him out when the campaign draws to a close. However, there is yet to be any indication as to whether or not he would be interested in seeking a new challenge in the near future or if he would even consider making a move to the Premier League with Tottenham. Tottenham could possibly be tempted to explore the idea of an ambitious move for PSG right-back Achraf Hakimi, who has starred for the Parisian heavyweights since joining them from Inter Milan back in 2021. He worked under Antonio Conte during his time at the San Siro and could be swayed to reunite with his former manager in north London if the latter ends up signing a new contract before his current deal expires at the end of the season.Hakimi's sky-high wages could also lead PSG to try and move him out of their squad when the bidding opens in the summer if they are serious about reducing their salary expenses over the coming months. It is likely that Tottenham would not be the only club in the race for Hakimi's signature, though, with his proven quality on the right flank almost certain to have many high-profile teams interested in securing his services. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.