James Cleverly today accused Gary Lineker of being "desperate to gain attention" over his criticism of the Government's new laws to tackle migrant Channel crossings. The Match of the Day host has been at the centre of a BBC impartiality row after taking to Twitter to criticise the crackdown. But the Foreign Secretary this morning suggested Mr Lineker needs to study the "history books a little bit more carefully". He told LBC: "There are some people desperate to gain attention by using deeply offensive and inappropriate language about this and I would gently suggest they use their history books a little bit more carefully." Mr Lineker sparked the row on Tuesday when he responded to a video on Twitter in which Home Secretary Suella Braverman discussed the Illegal Migration Bill. He wrote: “There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. “This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the ’30s.” But the BBC's highest-paid star has refused to back down over the tweet despite calls for him to be sacked. Elsewhere on the broadcast round, Mr Cleverly confirmed more money would be handed to France for joint efforts to prevent small boats crossing the English Channel. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is meeting French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris today as part of the first UK-France summit in five years. High on the priority list for their discussions will be the issue of Channel migrant crossings. Britain has given more than £250 million to France since 2015 in a series of deals but the number of rubber dinghies making the dangerous journey has continued to rise. Mr Cleverly told BBC Breakfast: "It will cost money, it has cost money and of course we will be negotiating how we fund that joint work to prevent those migration attempts across the Channel. "I'm not going to speculate as to the outcomes of the negotiation but we have been spending money doing this, it's right and proper that we do and of course we will be spending money in the future." The Foreign Secretary also declined to described Mr Sunak's relationship with his French counterpart as a "bromance" but said they "agree on a lot". He told GB News: "I don't know if I would go as far as to describe it as a bromance but there is a very strong professional relationship between the UK and France. We don't agree on everything but we agree on a lot." The summit comes days after Mr Sunak and Ms Braverman, who will also meet with her counterpart in the French capital today, unveiled the Illegal Migration Bill. The crackdown announced on Tuesday would see migrants who arrive through unauthorised means deported and hit with a lifetime ban from returning. Nearly 3,000 people have made the perilous crossing on flimsy boats to the UK already this year but it is understood that France has successfully prevented around the same number from embarking on the journey. 