Ukrainian forces have destroyed a Russian munitions base 24 miles behind the frontlines in occupied territory, a local governor has claimed. Serhii Haidai, the Head of Luhansk Oblast Military Administration, reposted footage of an explosion on his Telegram channel. It was a “direct hit on the long haul [Russian] trucks with shells”, local sources report. Smoke could be seen pouring from the site of the explosion as Russian forces scrambled to extinguish the carnage. The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon but was reposted and confirmed by Mr Haidai on Wednesday late morning. He described the incident as “Bavovna”, which is a term that the Russian media used to downplay explosions that take place in Russia. The phrase is now used by Ukrainians to mock explosions in what Russia claims is their annexed territory in Ukraine. The city of Kaviidka is located in the Luhansk region of eastern Ukraine, one of the four areas illegally annexed by Putin last September.    Mr Haidai wrote on Telegram on Wednesday: “There was ‘Bavovna’ in Kadiivka, there on the territory of the plant the Russians tried to hide trucks with ammunition. Video from social networks.” According to preliminary information, the explosion took place at a factory where the Russians were hiding their ammunition. Kadiivka is a logistical centrepoint for Russian forces in the Luhansk and Donetsk regions, as it is located roughly 37 miles directly west of Bakhmut, where intense frontline fighting has been taking place for several months. It is also just under 50 miles south of the city of Kreminna, which is currently held by Ukraine but is the subject of ferocious attacks by Russian soldiers. READ MORE: China spending billions on spreading pro-Russian lies, US claims [REVEAL]  News of the attack follows reports from the Russia ministry of defence that Ukraine launched a drone attack on the occupied Crimean peninsula. A spokesperson for the MoD said Ukraine had fired 10 drones against the peninsula overnight. Igor Konashenkov, the official representative of the Russian Ministry of Defence: "[We] prevented an attempt by the Kyiv regime to carry out a massive drone attack on the Crimean Peninsula targets. “6 Ukrainian combat drones were shot down by anti-aircraft missiles, four more were disabled by radio-electronic warfare systems.”   