This week it was revealed that King Charles formally asked the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to vacate Frogmore Cottage, the residence on the royal estate at Windsor that they were gifted as a wedding present in 2018. The five-bedroom home which has served as the couple’s permanent UK residence, even after their departure from the Royal Family in 2020, had its lease renewed by the pair last March in the hope they could retain a base here in the UK. Since Harry and Meghan’s ongoing legal row with the Government over their right to armed security, it would appear this is the only place the couple feels safe to lodge when they make trips to the UK. Indeed, they spent two weeks there in September whilst attending The Queen’s funeral. Plus, the residence allowed the Duke to retain his “domiciled” status in the UK, which would have kept him eligible to serve as a Counsellor of State in the future (now highly unlikely). By removing their last remaining link to the UK, it seems the King has finally drawn a line in the sand. There will be no reconciliatory tea parties or open-table therapy sessions à la Hollyweird. Clearly, they are being cut out of the picture for good and, for most people, this is a welcome development. After all, what else did Harry and Meghan expect? They have spent the last few years complaining about their unhappiness as members of the Royal Family. They have enriched themselves by selling intimate details of their relationship with the Windsors to various media outlets while simultaneously citing a lack of privacy as a key reason for leaving the UK. In their pursuit of “privacy”, they have managed to film an interview with Oprah Winfrey, release a Netflix documentary for a cool $100 million, and publish a tell-all memoir which reveals more than the most determined journalists could have unearthed about the Royal Family. South Park’s cartoon depiction of the couple on a “worldwide privacy tour” couldn’t be more apt. And yet a source close to the Sussexes has stated that they are “disappointed” with the decision to evict them. Their swift reaction to the news is in stark contrast to the way they were happy to allow rumours of racism within the Royal Family to proliferate unabated, only to eventually turn around and say that the family was not racist but suffering from “unconscious bias”. Many would say the Sussex’s priorities are wholly misplaced. The tone-deaf nature of the couple’s complaints could not be more apparent, with the Duke and Duchess feeling particularly hard done by at the loss of a luxury once-in-a-blue-moon residence while most of us are grappling with the cost-of-living crisis. The timing of The King’s decision couldn’t be better. In the lead-up to the Coronation, when he is setting a new direction for the monarchy, some spring cleaning is in order. Hardly anyone can blame The King for wanting to distance the beloved institution under his charge from the attention-seeking Sussexes and their perpetual media exploits. In doing this, The King is treating his role with the seriousness that it deserves. Moreover, he is reasserting that members of the Royal Family are not “celebrities” but public servants. Their role is to serve the public, not their bank accounts. Lastly, the Coronation is a serious affair of national significance. It is an opportunity to reiterate the values and traditions which make Britain great. It is not, contrary to popular belief, an opportunity for Netflix cameras and the Sussex’s sycophants to press their noses up against the glass to fish around for tabloid gossip. The only aspect of The King’s decision which raises eyebrows is the rumour that Frogmore Cottage has been earmarked for the disgraced Prince Andrew instead. Most of us would be happy to see Prince Andrew relegated to a one-bedroom flat in Stevenage but, even so, why on earth does a 63-year-old-man need a five-bedroom cottage in Windsor? Close friends of the Duke have confirmed his resistance to downsizing to the Sussex’s former home, but if The King wants to retain his credibility on this matter, he will have to draw a line in the sand where his brother is concerned too. Questions remain as to whether Harry and Meghan will now ever feel able to return to the UK again. However, for those of us sick of this tawdry and undignified mud-slinging affair, we say “good riddance”.