The Duke of Sussex is unlikely to ever receive an apology from his family and Buckingham Palace, a royal commentator has said. Rather, some members of the Firm are likely to feel they are owed a mea culpa following the string of revelations and claims made by Prince Harry and Meghan in recent years, journalist Jack Royston claimed. Appearing on ITV's Good Morning Britain, Mr Royston said: "I think [the royals] are supposed to apologise for not having issued a public statement calling on the media to go easy on Meghan, I think that's probably what's at the centre of Harry's case. "It's never going to happen, they are not going to get that apology, and in fact I would imagine certain members of the Royal Family think they are owed an apology the other way." Harry mentioned in the last episode of his and Meghan's biographical docu-series released by Netflix in December - which also included blistering allegations of a briefing campaigns against the Sussexes - he had to "make peace" with the fact he and his wife are unlikely to ever "going to get genuine accountability or a genuine apology". A few weeks later, the fifth-in-line to the throne told journalist Anderson Cooper during CBS' 60 Minutes that his "full-scale rupture" with the Royal Family can be healed. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat However, he added, the "ball is very much in their court". During one of the interviews done to promote his book Spare, Harry added: "You know, Meghan and I have continued to say that we will openly apologise for anything that we did wrong, but every time we ask that question, no one's telling us the specifics or anything. "There needs to be a constructive conversation, one that can happen in private that doesn't get leaked." Harry added he is looking forward to having a relationship with his brother William and father Charles. READ MORE: The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview In another interview, this time with the Telegraph's Bryony Gordon, Harry told the Firm to "come clean". Addressing the royals directly, he said: "Because you know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you’ve been caught out, so just come clean and then we could all move on." Harry added that "if people had listened" when he first expressed his concerns, they would not be in this position. Appearing on GMB, Mr Royston also discussed the invitation to the Coronation of the King received by the Sussexes. The Newsweek's chief royal correspondent said sending an invite to Meghan and Harry was the "right thing" for the reputation of the King and the Firm. Don't miss... Americans react to Rebel Wilson's comments about Meghan Markle [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [REPORT] He continued: "If you are going to look back in 20, 30 years time, the monarchy always has to present itself being above the cycle of drama, above the soap opera, and too good for revenge, basically. "So I am not actually surprised they got the invite, but I think it's quite interesting the comment that came from Meghan and Harry's office, that they were invited by the King's office, so Charles didn't ring Harry and told him I want you there." A Meghan and Harry's spokesperson confirmed over the weekend the Sussexes had "received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation", but did not say whether they had already decided to attend the historic event.