If you leave food cooking for too long or water boiling for too long, it can completely ruin the pan. However, this isn’t the only way a saucepan can become burnt, over time saucepans lose their nonstick qualities and if not good quality, can result in burnt pieces in the bottom of the pan or even on the back of the pan. To help get rid of these marks, Mrs Hinch fans have shared top hacks on social media. Posting on the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, an anonymous group member wrote: “Hi guys. Does anyone have any tips on cleaning this burn mark on the bottom of my pot? “It was my boyfriend’s nan’s pot and we use it every day but it’s starting to spark and burn at the bottom. Any other tips than using oven cleaner please?” The post attracted more than 40 comments from cleaning enthusiasts, recommending various hacks including white vinegar. Caroline Goch wrote: “Make a paste with white vinegar, lemon juice and baking soda and rub it on the bottom of the pan before leaving it overnight. READ MORE: Laundry expert shares five common ‘habits’ to ‘stop’ making now “Works brilliantly and doesn’t require much elbow grease. Can also try coke by putting it in the sink overnight.” Sue Lister commented: “Using natural products is the best as you don’t want to completely ruin the pan by rubbing away its non stick base. “Would recommend mixing white vinegar and baking soda with lemons to help target the grime and burn marks.” Lemons are full of citric acid, making them great for cleaning any type of burnt pot and pan as well as oven trays and dishes. Don't miss... DIY expert shares six steps to paint a staircase [EXPERT] Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ tip to get rid of washing machine mould [COMMENT] Five bathroom decor choices which could ‘decrease’ your house price [EXPLAINER] Baking powder has mild abrasive properties which make it perfect for cleaning pans, without causing damage to the surface. Catrina Copeland said: “Bicarbonate of soda, white vinegar and lemon. Mix together to make a paste and then rub over the pot and let it sit. “Was as normal and it should all melt away, I use this tip all the time on my cast iron pans.” Other fans also recommended adding a drop of washing up liquid into the water to help soak the pan overnight. READ MORE: Five jobs you should never do at home to avoid a ‘DIY fail’ Some even recommended using salt, which many claimed was the easiest and cheapest way to clean a burnt pan. Simply cover the burnet area with table salt before scrubbing it into the pot with a sponge and scourer, leaving it to sit for a while before rinsing. Courtney Andrews wrote: “Hi there, just thought I’d share an easy cleaning tip that my nan passed down to my dad and he’s just taught me. “I fill one cup of washing powder and then fill it with water from the kettle I’ve just boiled. Leave it to soak overnight and then pour it down the sink. “Run the hot water on it for five minutes while completely scrubbing and rinsing away the powder residue with a scourer. Once rinsed, squirt one drop of washing liquid and then rinse again with a clean scourer. Rinse thoroughly and dry.” Other suggestions involved using washing powder, although Britons should check that their pan can be cleaned with certain products before attempting to avoid damage. Gail Donaghey-Reid agreed and said: “Washing powder in the pan, let it sit at least overnight.” Katie Masom wrote: “Detergent powder works for all my pots and pans, makes them look brand new, it’s game-changing.” It is thought that cleaning burnt pans is easier when using a good quality washing powder. Detergent contains enzymes which are specifically designed to tackle food-based stains, which is why it works perfectly on targeting burnt-on food residue.