The Apprentice Week Nine saw the teams go head-to-head in creating their own male skincare products and pitching them to leading industry experts. It didn't exactly go according to plan for one team though, as their creation ended up staining their skin green, resulting in not one but two firings. The second candidate to be axed from the show last week was former banker Avi Sharma who spoke to the press, including Express.co.uk about his experience on the BBC show after his firing. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Apprentice.Throughout The Apprentice, cameras follow the candidates wherever they go, making sure not to miss any of their decisions, however questionable at times. There are also a few scenes featured where BBC viewers can see what is discussed during the taxi rides between some of the locations. In the reality show, these moments focus on who's going to put themselves forward for the project manager or talking about tactics regarding the task. But Avi Sharma, who was fired in last week's episode, opened up on what really went on during these cab rides when there were no cameras about. READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... Avi explained: "Off camera, myself, Rochelle [Anthony] and Marnie [Swindells], we formed a little band. "In the taxi home, we asked the driver if they could play some music. "They would never let us play any news because you're not allowed to hear the news because it might give you an advantage. "But we trudged to the taxi after a long day and I really did enjoy travelling with Marnie and Rochelle because we formed a band and performed music." The 24-year-old former Canary Wharf banker continued: "And unlike myself, this dominant duo, they were real divas, always trying to outdo each other. "Even in the cab, even when they're singing songs - we sang along to some Drake bangers like Take Care, Make Me Proud, Higher and it really was a sight to see." While Avi might have been one of the more entertaining characters this season, he wasn't destined to be Lord Sugar's business partner. As he was part of the team that came up with the skincare product that stained people's skin green last week, he was kicked off the show. Don't miss... 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [EXPLAINER] Best online Mother's Day flowers for 2023 - best UK bouquet delivery [DEAL] Karren Brady baffled Harry and Meghan are ‘upset’ by Frogmore eviction [CAST] But unlike other contestants, Lord Sugar did say his firing was "regretful". He said: "Avi that concoction you put it on your skin, and it dyed your skin green…. "Avi, you've grown in this process since you came here and I’m very pleased about that for you. But it is regretful, that Avi, you’re fired." Lord Sugar went on to add: "Good luck, keep in touch and keep the enthusiasm up." Going into Week 10, there are just six candidates remaining in the process. This week, they will be tasked with creating a new dog food brand, including the food itself as well as the marketing campaign surrounding their product. But who will be sent packing, before it's time for the all-important round of interviews? The Apprentice continues every Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.