The man who killed at least seven in a shooting at a Jehovah's Witness meeting hall in Hamburg, Germany was "enraged against" religious people, particularly Jehovah's Witnesses, police believe. Phillip F., 35, a former member of the religious group, was seen opening fire through a window of the hall in dramatic footage. A seven-month-old, unborn child was among those killed during the attack. Ralf Martin, chief of Hamburg Police said Phillip was understood to be "enraged against religious people, particularly Jehovah's witnesses". He left the congregation around 18 months ago but there were reportedly "ill feelings" since 2014. The shooter, whose backpack contained massive amounts of ammunition, was known to have a license for a legal, sports pistol. Police had performed a surprise check-up on Phillip last month but they found nothing suspicious, police said. Phillip took his own life during the attack. In the footage, taken from a distance, Phillip appears to walk up to a window and open fire into the building before storming inside. Police, who were called at 21.15 local time on Thursday, said the suspect was found dead at the scene. Nine empty magazines, which carry up to 15 bullets, were found at the scene. Gregor Miesbach, who filmed the footage, told the newspaper Bild: "I heard loud gunshots, went to the window to get a picture of the situation. I saw a man with a firearm shooting through a window and filmed it." The victims were attending a bible study meeting which started at 7pm local time at the church known as Kingdom Hall. The attack is understood to have started at 9pm. During the video, the suspect is seen holding an object, reported to be a pistol, in front of him. Flashes can be seen coming from the object. "There were 12 continuous shots," one witness told reporters. As well as killing eight, including himself, his attack injured several more, according to police officers. An officer said: "The officers also heard a shot from the upper part of the building and went upstairs, where they also found a person. So far we have no indications that any perpetrators fled." German Chancellor Olaf Scholz, former mayor of the city, called the shooting a "brutal act of violence". Investigators worked throughout the night to gather evidence surrounding the attack. The Senator of Hamburg, Andy Grote said: "It is a horrific crime. A very cruel crime. In Hamburg we have experienced many things but somebody running amock like that is something that we have not experienced in the past. We see it on television and happening elsewhere but we never thought it might happen in our city. "More than likely it is due to the very fast and decisive action of the police force that we don't have any further victims." Mr Grote said after the police entered the building, they spotted a man fleeing to the first floor who they assumed was the perpetrator. They soon spotted a body upstairs lying on the floor with a gun next to it. Speaking at a press conference, the police confirmed around 20 people managed to leave unharmed.