Renowned referee Ian John-Lewis saw his career hit a new low on Saturday night as he took on the role of a judge for Misfits’ inaugural tag-team boxing match. John-Lewis watched on as the duo of Luis Pineda and BDave mercilessly dominated opponents Ice Poseidon and Anthony Vargas en route to a second-round stoppage victory at the Telford International Centre. Only three years ago he had been the third man in the ring for Daniel Dubois and Joe Joyce’s all-British showdown at the Church House in London. But yesterday evening he was officiating influencer boxing. This comes after John-Lewis was relegated from a British Boxing Board of Control A* referee down to A, following his controversial scorecard for the Josh Taylor vs Jack Catterall clash last year. John-Lewis inexplicably scored the fight in Taylor’s favour at 114-111 despite most seeing that Catterall had won it. Many believe the punishment wasn’t strict enough, but the Brit felt hard done by and chose to relinquish his BBBofC license in order to join the lesser-known British & Irish Boxing Authority (BIBA), setting him up for an appearance at Misfits Boxing 5. John-Lewis is perhaps best known for being the referee that got punched in the face by Anthony Joshua during the Watford powerhouse’s debut against Emanuele Leo back in 2013. The official was caught in the mouth and nose by a wayward left hook from AJ as he attempted to separate both fighters. Speaking at the time, John-Lewis said: “It all happened in a split second and I was thinking, ‘he’s just hit me! I had never been punched before as a referee in all my years and I was proud of that. MORE BOXING NEWS... Swingler bursts into tears after edging out NickLmao in thrilling bout Tag team boxing loved by fans as Pineda and BDave win as woman strips Wett beats Bunker in wild bloody battle to set up Brooke showdown “Anthony said, ‘sorry ref’ and afterwards he explained that he thought the Italian was going to hit him, so he instinctively tried to get in there first. No disrespect to other referees but some would have gone down. I am a big strong guy, and I can take a dig but that was no little cuff, it was bang on the button, flat in my face.” Also chiming in on the incident, Joshua added: "I was aware of what happened. When there are two blokes fighting, you're in the mode. I thought Leo was going to hit me and it's protect yourself at all times. As soon as I saw him flinch, I thought 'I've got to get to him first', but the referee was there! I thought 'if I hit the wrong person, that isn't what I want to do!'." 