The Government recently announced that a total of 2,400 new EV chargepoints will be installed in locations around the country as part of a £56million in public and industry funding. Sixteen more local authority areas will receive money as part of the Local Electric Vehicle Infrastructure (LEVI) pilot scheme. Justin Godfrey-Cass, head of transport solutions at Wireless Logic, exclusively commented on the Government investment and what it would mean for EV drivers. He said it was great to see the Government making a real commitment to the EV rollout, but said they must ensure charging points meet the demands of EV sales. At the end of January 2023, there were 37,851 electric vehicle charging points across the UK, across 22,355 charging locations. This represents a 31 percent increase in the total number of charging devices since January 2022, according to Zap-Map data. READ MORE: Elderly motorists offered course to brush up on driving laws Mr Godfrey-Cass highlighted how the EV charger rollout had been hampered by planning constraints, cost of installation, need for access, and the need for resilient wireless connectivity. He added: “The whole process can take weeks, making it hard for councils to keep up with the demand of EV sales. “As the EV charge point rollout begins to take form, it will ultimately represent critical national infrastructure to the public and businesses, so the importance of having secure connectivity cannot be overlooked. “It isn’t enough to simply install thousands of charge points, consumer expect a charge point to be fully operational and keep their data secure. DON'T MISSE10 petrol 'causes vehicles to run terribly' as many return to E5 [SHOCKING]All drivers could face new 'tyre tax' in bid to slash emissions [WARNING]'Use VED to push car buyers' towards electric cars [INSIGHT] “The Government and companies involved must make this top priority. “Equipment managers and charge point operators (CPOs) need to ensure secure, resilient, and reliable connectivity that allows them to monitor charging points effectively remotely.” Fewer than 9,000 public EV charging devices were installed in the UK last year, leading to claims that the infrastructure is not keeping up with demand. Last year, over 1.61 million new cars were registered, with 267,203 battery electric vehicles being registered. READ MORE: Electric car owners can save £600 a year despite rising bills This represented 16.6 percent of all new car sales, while plug-in hybrid vehicles sold just over 101,000 or 6.3 percent. Mr Godfrey-Cass concluded, saying: “Massive EV adoption also presents a significant load-balancing challenge for energy service providers. “As charge points are rolled out it becomes harder and harder to track whether devices are a load or a source of power on the network. “Managing fluctuations and preventing power surges will only get more difficult increasing the risk of possible power outages. “Service providers need to be able to monitor operational performance and control remote assets to schedule charging cycles or determine when EVs are charging or discharging to help address the imbalance in the grid." To further accelerate the EV switch, the Government has this week pledged £25million to boost the rollout of British-made green buses around the UK. People in Yorkshire, Norfolk, Portsmouth and Hampshire will enjoy greener, cleaner journeys as an extra 117 buses are rolled out thanks to the investment from the Government. Roads Minister Richard Holden said the move would help the UK “step up a gear” to reach net zero faster and level up transport around the country.