Season 23 of The Voice made a comeback this week with a premiere that introduced fans to a brand-new panel of coaches. Fans saw newcomers Niall Horan and Chance the Rapper, as well as veterans Kelly Clarkson and Blake Shelton, judge aspiring singers on their bid for Hollywood stardom. The episode kicked off with The Voice’s usual format, showing the panel of all-star coaches blindly judging contestants in the first stage of the competition. Despite being deep into the proceedings, Horan still hadn't found a singer to add to his developing team. Meaning the singer was desperate to win over an artist with a pitch to join his team. Horan’s prayers appeared to be answered when in the midst of the blind auditions, a country singer with a rock edge called Ross Clayton made his way onto the stage. The aspiring artist gave his take on Keith Urban's popular country hit Blue Ain't Your Colour. Clayton wowed all four of the judges with his performance, resulting in all of them pressing their buzzers to turn their chairs around. This meant that Horan would have to fend off all four of his fellow coaches with a pretty good pitch if he wanted to tin Clayton over. When the time came for the former boyband star to pitch, he decided to do things a little differently. "I need a bit of privacy," the singer said before walking over to Shelton's chair and pushing his button, which sent the chair spinning back around so couldn't see the stage or Ross anymore. But the This Town singer wasn't finished there as he brought a hilarious theatrical performance to the stage, impersonating Shelton. In a Shelton-style voice, Horan mocked his co-star, saying: “He’s [Shelton] about to go" in his last season on this show” as he was seen laughing in his chair. The coaches all finally spun back around to face the stage where the aspiring singer now had to make the tough decision of which team he would like to join. And luckily for Horan, Clayton chose him to be his new mentor for the season, despite Shelton claiming the decision came down to Horan's "dirty tricks." It was clear there was a brewing rivalry between country singer Shelton and former One Direction star Horan. As throughout the episode the pair could be seen throwing digs and jokes at one another. Thankfully for country star Shelton, he won’t have to put up with his pesky co-judge Horan for much longer. After winning nine seasons out of his 12 appearances as a coach on the show, this season happens to be Shelton's very last. The musician announced he would be leaving The Voice in October last year via an Instagram post. Shelton wrote: "I've been wrestling with this for a while and I've decided that it's time for me to step away from The Voice after next season. "It's been a hell of a ride over these 12 years of chair turns and I want to thank everyone at The Voice from NBC, every producer, the writers, musicians, crew, and catering people, you are the best.” Shelton has set the record with the most wins out of any Coach in history, meaning this season the singer has the chance to go out with a bang, potentially taking home his 10th victory. The Voice continues every Monday on NBC in the US.