Sadio Mane is convinced that Jurgen Klopp will be able to turn things around at Liverpool over the coming months in spite of the club's dire form in the Premier League and in Europe this season. The Reds currently find themselves well adrift of the division's top four as things stand, while they are also facing Champions League elimination after losing 5-2 at the hands of Real Madrid ahead of this month's second-leg clash at the Bernabeu. Liverpool's poor form has led to speculation over whether Klopp has taken them as far as he can after eight successful years in charge of the Anfield club, although Mane retains the view that his former manager will eventually put things right by using his unparalleled man-management skills to keep spirits high."Liverpool will be back," said Mane, who left the Reds for Bayern Munich last summer, in an interview with Bild. "I’m convinced they will overcome this situation. They had many injuries and tough tests, but Jurgen Klopp is definitely the right man. He will lead Liverpool back up from this season, the players love him."Mane's exit has coincided with Liverpool's downturn in fortunes over the last few months after the Senegal winger shone throughout his six-year spell at Anfield, winning no shortage of trophies and establishing himself as one of the Premier League's best players after joining from Southampton in 2016. He has gone on to enjoy a relatively strong debut season in Germany, with 11 goals and four assists in all competitions to his name thus far despite an injury which stopped him from representing his country at the World Cup. JUST IN: Gary Neville backs Harry Kane to lead Man Utd to Premier League glory The former Reds ace went on to insist that he has been largely pleased with how things have been going in the Bundesliga, adding: "I never had doubts. When I decided to leave Liverpool, I only wanted to go to Bayern, to the Bundesliga."I know the league from my time in Salzburg, I didn’t watch the Premier League back then, but the Bundesliga. Bayern was very attractive to me back then. I met Cristiano Ronaldo in Mallorca before this season after my move was completed. He congratulated me and told me: ‘A great club! This is a great step for you!'” Meanwhile, it remains to be seen whether Liverpool will be able to return to their very best in the absence of Mane as Klopp looks to bring a welcome end to the club's lacklustre form as a matter of priority. Former Reds midfielder Didi Hamann has been among those questioning whether or not Liverpool would reap the rewards of changing their manager in recent months, with the 49-year-old insisting that Klopp cannot simply be deemed immune from criticism based on his past achievements."At some stage, I think we will have that discussion about the manager and I’m not sure how far we are off that," Hamann told talkSPORT. "He said that he still feels that he’s the right man to do it, but I see little things like Jordan Henderson midweek seeing his number going up and reluctantly taking his armband off and coming off, shaking his head."This is something that we haven’t seen at Liverpool for five years. Maybe these are little signs that people have little problems with the team or even the manager. The dynamics at Liverpool are no different to anywhere else and if the results aren’t there then the manager will come under pressure." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.