A man cut in half in a freak forklift accident has celebrated his second wedding anniversary with his wife, and together, they have marked the occasion with a touching pledge. Loren Schauers, 20, lost his lower half in an accident while working as a labourer more than three years ago. But while the devastating injury cost him dearly, he continues to live a happy life with the support of his wife, Sabia Schauers-Reiche, 23. Mr Schauers, of Great Falls in Montana, USA, suffered the injury while working on a bridge on September 27, 2019. Oncoming traffic pushed him close to the bridge edge, causing him to fall off. He survived a 50-foot drop, but the forklift followed him over the edge, crushing his lower half. The vehicle destroyed his legs and most of his torso, and severed his forearm. READ MORE: Michael J Fox looks in good spirits at Back to the Future reunion The labourer underwent intense surgery, with doctors performing a hemicorporectomy, a procedure that surgically removes organs and bones in the lower extremities. Surgeons amputated everything below his belly button, but they remained fearful he could still die. While medical professionals continued to fear for his life for the next month following the procedure, Mr Schauers successfully recovered. He now shares his life with Ms Schauers-Reiche, who he married in 2021, and the couple has vowed to spend many more decades together. In an Instagram post on February 28, she shared an adorable snap of her and her husband commemorating the occasion. She wrote in a caption below the picture: "02/28. 2 years married to my best friend." And she vowed: "Let’s make it 70 more." The couple makes YouTube videos on their channel, Sabia and Loren, where they document their journey following Mr Schauers' accident. They have amassed more than half a million subscribers on the platform, with dozens of videos uploaded since 2019. The couple has previously opened up about their hopes for the future, as past cases like Mr Schauers' have raised the question of life expectancy. In one Q&A video, they said they are unsure how much longer he will live. The pair has also spoken candidly about the future, confessing they're unsure about Loren's life expectancy. Ms Schauers-Reiche explained that the average is "about 11 years", with a record holder living for up to 24. They were different to her husband, she added, with none of them "in the same situation". She said the couple hopes Mr Schauers has "40-plus years left with us”. But, ultimately, the rarity of his condition makes such a timeline tricky to estimate.