We have been teleported back to the terrible pandemic years as if being pinged there by test and trace. Suddenly, I was back on a train without a mask in an empty carriage (after a late shift broadcasting) and a picture of me, fast asleep, maskless and with my mouth open, had just been published on a news website. Or I was standing two metres from my mother as she held her arms out for a hug and her carer said, “no closer” after I had popped in to bring her Christmas dinner (her last, as it turned out, on Earth). Or rushing around to use my father’s landline when my brother was taken into intensive care (my BT wifi and home telephone chose that night to go on the blink, and I needed to tell his children), and having someone in his bubble screaming at me “don’t come in!” Look, lockdown was a hard time for everyone – nobody was perfect. I don’t want to relitigate lockdown – but how could anyone be in favour of such a blunt instrument as a public health policy that wasn’t even on anyone’s radar until China and Italy did it? To question the rules and restrictions was not, as cabinet secretary Simon Case put it, “pure Conservative ideology”. It was pure common sense, as almost all of them were mad and pointless. The pandemic brought out the best in people but also the worst, especially those in the Government. After the Coronavirus Act was granted Royal Assent on March 25, 2020, we went from a country where everything was legal unless there was a law against it, to a country where everything was illegal unless there was a law permitting it. Those in power became tinpot dictators, using fear to justify taking our freedoms, splashing out hundreds of millions of pounds on misleading adverts warning teenagers not to kill granny, or that a walk in the park could cost lives. Yes it was an unprecedented panic, but mistakes were made and lessons must be learnt from them. First lesson... no lockdowns. Second, the use of fear was wrong. The Government knew early doors that risks of Covid varied hugely according to age and comorbidity, yet instead of pivoting to focused protection, they locked up the healthy and young to “protect” the old and the sick. Third, tone. Matt Hancock wanting to frighten the pants off people with the new Kent “scariant”; thinking it funny that air travellers were cooped up in shoe boxes. Encouraging neighbours to snitch on each other, and urging the police to arrest people on park benches. In the end, the Government did not trust the people. Read the room, guys. This meant that the people did not, and do not, trust the Government. The dam is breaking. If you thought lockdown was bad enough (and I certainly did), imagine the hell that would have broken loose if the Government had announced this: the mass cull of family pets. When I read that the UK Government even considered whether it might have to ask people to exterminate their cats during the early days of the Covid pandemic I thought it was a sick joke. A literal dead cat to distract from Hancock’s WhatsApp messages. It wasn’t. “What we shouldn’t forget is how little we understood about this disease,” James Bethell explained to Channel 4 News last week. “There was a moment we were very unclear about whether domestic pets could transmit the disease. “In fact there was an idea at one moment that we might have to ask the public to exterminate all the cats in Britain. Can you imagine what would have happened if we had wanted to do that?” Yes, Lord B. There would have been riots in the streets. And if they’d asked us to sacrifice our dogs too, “to protect our NHS”, there would have been a revolution. Led by Larry the cat and Dilyn the terrier, the entire country would have risen up, marched on Downing Street and overthrown the Government. The lilies of the field famously neither toil nor spin, but not our Fergie. Sarah, Duchess of York, is an absolute powerhouse. Bestselling author. Founder of two charities, mother, grandmother, custodian of her late Majesty’s corgis – and probably the most loyal ex-wife in the world. Sarah, 63, still shares a roof, if not a ceiling, with Prince Andrew 26 years after their divorce. She says she will always be there for him, and you know what... I don’t think it’s spin at all. She’s standing by her man through thick and thin long after everyone else has cast him asunder. I once described myself as “the Fergie of the Johnson family”. I should be so lucky! Many have found the suggestion of my father getting a knighthood triggering. I don’t know if he is – who would I possibly ask? – but I shall risk outrage by saying this much: recognition and acknowledgementfor his work on the environment alone is long overdue. He has done more for nature and animals than almost anyone in Parliament. People will get hot under the collar about it but Danny Finkelstein is in the Lords for ghostwriting a very long book and Michelle Mone – who some think should be “behind bras” – was ennobled because she was a businesswoman from Glasgow. Plus, consider the elevated statuses of Mark Thatcher, Philip May and Norma Major. Three wrongs don’t make a knight but, if it is “Arise Sir Stanley”, then I will be the first to congratulate him. To Drag Queen Story Hour, which is now very much with us. Much as I approve of anyone bothering to read aloud to small children, I admit I can’t get down with drag, per se. Every “queen” has prosthetic boobs and bums, false lashes, wigs and face paint. This “woman face” reduces femininity to fakeness. Drag queens may be lovely people but they certainly don’t look like women – they parody women and make being one even more high maintenance than it already is.