The Met Office has warned that a "cold and increasingly unsettled weather pattern" is establishing itself across the UK. The pattern, the agency warns, will bring snow, ice and low temperatures for many, in line with its recent weather warnings. Forecasters have warned there will be more to come "throughout the week" as the conditions develop. In a release earlier today, the Met Office said the "most impactful snow" would first land in northeast England, with fragmented showers in Northern Ireland and southern and central areas of England and Wales. Matthew Lehnert, the agency's chief meteorologist, warned that the coming chill could cut off some affected communities. Laying out the timeline, he said: "Snow, ice and low temperatures are the main themes of this week’s forecast, with the UK under an arctic maritime air mass. "Snow could lead to some travel disruption, with a chance some rural communities in the north could be cut off." READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow simple tips to clear windscreen frost "The focus for the snow moves to southern England and South Wales tomorrow and some may wake up to a few centimetres of snow, with the south coast and far southwest likely to see a mix of rain and sleet. "Further snow and hail showers are also expected along northern coasts, especially in northern Scotland. "During the afternoon, a further spell of sleet and snow is likely to develop across southern England and South Wales which could cause travel disruption into the evening. "The impact of lying snow and ice on untreated surfaces may have an impact on Thursday morning travel." The snow risk will remain in the south from early on Thursday morning, born on intermixing mild and cold air. The risk will gradually extend north throughout the rest of the week, in line with other warnings issued by the agency. Helen Caughey, the agency's deputy chief meteorologist, said "central and northern areas of the UK" would also see snow on March 9 and 10. She added that parts of Northern Ireland, Wales and northern England would see the worst of the conditions early on Thursday. Scotland and northern England would experience similar conditions persisting into Friday accompanied by strong winds, in some cases creating blizzards.