Theresa May pretended to fall asleep in the Commons as she listened to a Brexiteer's speech. The former prime minister mockingly flopped sideways on the benches when Sir Bill Cash brought up the Maastricht Treaty - which was signed in 1992 to create the EU. The moment came yesterday as MPs were paying tribute to late Commons Speaker Baroness Betty Boothroyd. Sir Bill said: “As the first lady speaker of the House of Commons, she not only made her mark but she was a wonderful person. “But it wouldn’t go for me not to mention some aspects of the inevitable issue. "That is the Maastricht Treaty, because she was the Speaker, which I had to deal with and it was a very, very important moment." As the EU pact was mentioned the ex-PM feigned dozing off as she slowly leant to one side on the benches. Earlier in the session, Mrs May paid tribute to the first female Commons Speaker after her death aged 93. She said: "As the woman who broke that glass ceiling and became the first woman speaker in 700 years, Betty Boothroyd will always have her place in history." Mrs May added: "She reminded us of the importance in this place of humanity, because she showed that so well through everything that she did." She said Baroness Boothroyd "supported this place" and "enhanced the role of speaker". The former prime minister added: "May she rest in peace. We will always remember a remarkable, amazing, impressive woman." Baroness Boothroyd became the first woman to be elected Commons Speaker in the more than 700-year history of the role in April 1992, staying on until October 2000. She then entered the Lords as a crossbench peer in January 2001. Born in Dewsbury, in Yorkshire, Lady Boothroyd worked as a professional dancer from 1946 to 1948 and appeared in pantomime in London's West End before going into politics, unsuccessfully contesting four parliamentary seats before being elected to West Bromwich (later to become West Bromwich West) in May 1973. Sir Lindsay Hoyle, the current Commons Speaker, said: "Yesterday, when her passing was announced formally, there was shock and sadness all around because Betty was one of a kind. "Not only was she the first woman speaker, she was a force to be reckoned with." 