Better has been airing every Monday night for the past few weeks with just a couple of instalments left to come out. After her son Owen (Zak Ford-Williams) fell ill, DCI Lou Slack thought it was time she redeemed herself and decided to stop working with crime boss and old friend Col McHugh (Andrew Buchan). Little did she realise how difficult it would be to try and pin him down and is starting to lose hope. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Better. Leila Farzad has been married to her husband James Maizels since October 2013 and were friends for more than six years before getting together. They welcomed their one and only daughter Allegra Noor Maizels a year later. The 40-year-old actress prefers not to share too much of her private life with the public, keeping her loved ones out of the limelight. She has shared a couple of cute posts though in the past that gave her followers the feels. READ MORE: Mark Steyn's GB News show branded 'materially misleading' In a post from May 2021, Leila shared a picture of a piece of paper which reads "I'm very proud of you mummy." She posted this along with the emotional caption: "Squirrelled away in my suitcase. Gulp." A few months before this, Leila also shared a picture of her and Allegra on the beach together, staring out at the sea. The Better star spoke of how her husband showed his love for their daughter last year. In a "day in the life" type interview by The Guardian, when questioned about breakfast, Leila replied: "Because he’s a legend, my husband makes my daughter banana oat pancakes, which are her favourite." She has previously said how supportive James is of her and in November last year, they were appointed co-directors of the production company Persian Pictures Limited. However, it has now been reported that she and James are no longer together. In fact, it is strongly believed that she has moved in with her Better co-star Buchan. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [CAST] GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [REACTION] Beyond Paradise boss pays tribute to 'absolute joy' Ruth Madoc [TRIBUTE] The former Broadchurch actor is married to Downton Abbey actress Amy Nuttall. They were together for 11 years and share two children but are thought to have left the family home last year. Speaking to the Daily Mail, a source opened up on Leila behind the scenes of Better, stating: "She never mentioned her husband and was always larking around with the cast and crew. "I thought that she was single — I think a lot of people did. "She came across as single and also as exactly the kind of person who it would be better not to leave alone with your husband." Express.co.uk has approached the representatives of both Farzad and Buchan for comment. While there is plenty of drama going on in real life, Better is still playing out on BBC One. The description for the penultimate episode reads: "Lou makes one last desperate attempt to bring Col down by trying to convince him that the police are coming to raid his house, and that his only hope is to hand over any incriminating evidence to her. "However, her plan does not go exactly as she hoped. "Feeling powerless, Ceri resorts to drastic action in order to defend his family." Better is available to watch every Monday at 9pm on BBC One as well as on BBC iPlayer.