Following his memoir Spare and the Frogmore Cottage dilemma, Prince Harry is reportedly "distancing himself from the family" according to an expert. This means he is highly unlikely now to attend his father King Charles's Coronation in May. The Duke of Sussex’s attendance at his father’s Coronation is currently in doubt, with the odds of him going having plummeted. A spokesperson for betting experts Casinos En Ligne spoke to Express.co.uk about the results. They said: “Prince Harry is now even more likely to not make an appearance at his father’s Coronation - which would be a damaging blow to the Royal Family. “In the wake of Harry’s memoir controversy, Harry and Meghan’s right to live in Frogmore Cottage, given to them by the Queen herself as a wedding gift, has now been removed by King Charles." The expert explained why this will reflect negatively on the relationship between Harry and Charles.   The spokesperson added: “He and his father’s relationship appears to be hanging on by a thread with Harry distancing himself from the family. "With this latest development, the chance of him attending the King’s ceremony in May is dwindling and now very unlikely at odds of 1/3, in from 4/7, with the chance of him attending at 2/1." According to the betting expert, the Duke is likely to take another option instead of attending the Coronation. The expert explained: “Harry’s persistence to prove a point to the British public and media isn’t likely to stop here. READ MORE: All Harry and Meghan's £2.4m Frogmore changes  "There are odds of 4/1 that he’ll next do an interview with Diary of a CEO’s Steven Bartlett." However, Harry might not just sit down for more interviews, according to the expert. They suggested: "Another outlet could be appearing as an actor (not himself) in any cinema release, which is odds of 8/1. "Or further afield, as the next James Bond (250/1).  "As this family feud continues, showcasing his new life with Meghan and his children in an American-styled reality TV show like the Kardashians is also a possible next step at odds of 14/1.” A William Hill Spokesperson, Lee Phelps, also spoke to Express.co.uk about their odds for the Duke attending the Coronation. He said: “Following the King’s request for the couple to vacate Frogmore Cottage on Wednesday, there now seems to be even more doubt over the Duke of Sussex’s presence at this year’s Coronation. “We are now just 2/7 for Harry to shun Westminster Abbey on May 6, having been as high as 11/8 only a month ago, with his price to show his face on the day conversely priced at 5/2.” 