An arrest warrant has been issued for Georgia defensive tackle Jalen Carter, who was present at the fatal crash scene involving staff and teammates. Athens-Clarke County Police Department have issued Carter with a warrant for reckless driving and racing, for an incident that led to the death of two people. Georgia football staffer Chandler LeCroy and Georgia offensive lineman Devin Willock both died in a crash on January 15, and now police will speak to Carter about the incident. The investigation has been ongoing ever since, following the fatal crash in the 900 block of Barnett Shoals Road. ACCPD have confirmed in a statement that LeCroy was driving a 2021 Ford Expedition, while Carter was behind the wheel of a 2021 Jeep Trackhawk. The statement confirms that both cars were driven in a manner consistent with racing after leaving the downtown Athens area at 2:30am. Express Sport have reached out to the university and the ACCPD for comment. An official statement was published by ACCPD on Wednesday, which read: "The investigation found that Chandler LeCroy, driver of the 2021 Ford Expedition, and Jalen Carter, driver of a 2021 Jeep Trackhawk, were operating their vehicles in a manner consistent with racing shortly after leaving the downtown Athens area at about 2:30 AM. "The evidence demonstrated that both vehicles switched between lanes, drove in the center turn lane, drove in opposite lanes of travel, overtook other motorists, and drove at high rates of speed, in an apparent attempt to outdistance each other. Evidence indicated that shortly before the crash the Expedition was traveling at about 104 miles per hour. "The toxicology report indicated that LeCroy’s blood alcohol concentration was .197 at the time of the crash. Investigators determined that alcohol impairment, racing, reckless driving, and speed were significant contributing factors to the crash." The police department then issued a further statement, which read: "On January 15, 2023, at approximately 2:45 AM, ACCPD responded to a single-vehicle crash in the 900 block of Barnett Shoals Road. Initial investigation indicates that a 2021 Ford Expedition was traveling southbound in the outside lane of Barnett Shoals Road when the vehicle left the roadway, striking two power poles and several trees. "A passenger, Devin Willock, 20, died at the scene as a result of his injuries. The driver, Chandler LeCroy, 24, was transported by EMS to a local hospital where she died as a result of her injuries. "A 21-year-old male passenger sustained minor injuries and a 26-year-old female passenger sustained serious injuries." Carter was scheduled to appear at the NFL combine on Wednesday, and was even projected to be the top pick in the 2023 Draft, but investigations are ongoing regarding the fatal incident. Carter's representatives and the University of Georgia have both been contacted for comment. Carter released a statement late on Wednesday confirming he would answer the charges and was confident he would be exonerated. His statement read: “This morning I received a telephone call from the Athens Georgia Police Department informing me that two misdemeanour warrants have been issued against me for reckless driving and racing. Numerous media reports have also circulated this morning containing inaccurate information concerning the tragic events of January 15 2023. “It is my intention to return to Athens to answer the misdemeanour charges against me and to make certain that the complete and accurate truth is presented. There is no question in my mind that when all of the facts are known that I will be fully exonerated of any criminal wrongdoing.”