Ed Sheeran is heading back on tour, and tickets for UK dates are available now. Grab your tickets for the upcoming gigs in London, Manchester, Dublin, and Glasgow from Ticketmaster and AXS. The new tour, which is tied to the release of new album "–", pronounced "Subtract", begins in Manchester on March 23, followed by the O2 Arena in London (March 24 and 25), then Glasgow (March 28), Dublin (March 30), and onto Paris for one night (April 2). Tickets for the very limited run of dates are going fast, with Manchester Arena purportedly already sold-out. Ed Sheeran has only just wrapped up his latest global tour, but the British singer-songwriter has already announced his next album "–", pronounced "Subtract", and a string of new UK tour dates to debut the new tracks. The Shape Of You singer has poured his heart out for his fifth album, which has been marked as the final record in the Mathematics series. After kicking off his music with "+" ("Plus") in 2011, he has used different maths symbols to name each major record, which each tried unique styles and musical genres. He recently opened up about how his next album is full of woe and trauma after his wife was diagnosed with a tumour while pregnant, and one of his close friends died suddenly. The newly-announced shows will see Ed playing in some of the country's biggest arenas as soon as this month before playing a few more gigs in April. During the shows, the Shivers singer will be playing a few oldies, while no doubt giving fans a chance to hear some of the new tracks before anyone else. The new album, Subtract, releases in May 2023. Ed Sheeran tickets are available to buy now for all concerts in the UK and Ireland. Tickets are available from Ticketmaster for almost all dates, including Manchester on March 23, Glasgow (March 28), and Dublin (March 30). For tickets to the two nights in London's O2 Arena (March 24 and 25), you'll need to head to AXS. The sale follows a long list of presale events. Mobile network Three made a number of tickets available early to its pay monthly customers, while the Glasgow OVO Arena held its own presale event for fans. Earlier this week, Ed himself launched a presale event (March 8, 2023) for those who have already preordered the new album. This new record can be grabbed from his official website, along with any merchandise or physical versions of the album. After that, a code or portal will be released to fans who have preordered the album, allowing fans to grab tickets ahead of general release. Ed Sheeran general onsale tickets go on sale from Friday March 10, 2023 from 9am GMT. These tickets will be available to everyone who is looking to purchase tickets for Ed Sheeran's new UK tour and will be available at a number of retailers. Ticketmaster leads the pack with ticket sales and will be releasing a number of tickets in line with the general onsale release. Fans can grab their tickets HERE. Perhaps the most important aspect of buying Ed Sheeran tickets comes down to the strategy. Fans should work out their ticket-buying strategy well in advance to ensure they don't come away disappointed after failing to grab tickets. First of all, it is recommended to sign up to your ticket-selling website of choice well in advance of the Ed Sheeran ticket release time. It would also help to input your credit card details into your site of choice if possible, hopefully providing a swift and smooth checkout experience. When tickets do come out - whether it's presale or general on sale - fans should get into the digital ticket queue and stay there. It is extremely important that you do NOT refresh your screen or move away from the webpage, otherwise, you may lose your spot in the queue and your chance of getting tickets, as well. Ed Sheeran's new album, Subtract, will hit store shelves on May 5, 2023. This is two years after he released his fourth album, "=" (Equals), which arrived in 2021. After announcing the release of Subtract, Ed released a lengthy statement about what the album was about, and how he struggled to bring it to life after suffering a year of tragedy. Speaking about his wife's illness, his friend's death, and his 2022 plagiarism court battle, he said he has been trying to create a "perfect acoustic album". Ed said: "At the start of 2022. A series of events changed my life, my mental health, and ultimately the way I viewed music and art. Writing songs is my therapy. It helps me make sense of my feelings. I wrote without thought of what the songs would be, I just wrote whatever tumbled out. And in just over a week, I replaced a decade’s worth of work with my deepest darkest thoughts. "Within the space of a month, my pregnant wife got told she had a tumour, with no route to treatment until after the birth. My best friend Jamal, a brother to me, died suddenly, and I found myself standing in court defending my integrity and career as a songwriter. I was spiralling through fear, depression and anxiety. I felt like I was drowning, head below the surface, looking up but not being able to break through for air." On the album's completion, he added: "This album is purely that. It’s opening the trapdoor into my soul. For the first time I’m not trying to craft an album people will like, I’m merely putting something out that’s honest and true to where I am in my adult life. This is last February’s diary entry and my way of making sense of it. This is Subtract." With the sale underway, tickets are going fast. And prices are not cheap. The cheapest tickets for the London O2 gig currently available start from £99, with the usual admin fees, optional insurances, and other bits-and-bobs to be added at checkout. Likewise, the Glasgow show prices start from £98 including admin fee. Given that Ed Sheeran managed to sell-out five nights at Wembley Stadium last summer, it shouldn't be surprising that a small run of shows in much smaller arenas command a much higher price tag, especially with the promise of being amongst the first to hear the latest tracks from his upcoming album.