Graham Potter has made it clear he wants to keep Mason Mount at Chelsea after holding "numerous" conversations with the attacking midfielder over his Stamford Bridge future. While the Blues boss reiterated that the negotiations are between the club and the player (and his representatives), Potter did reveal that he is playing a part in trying to keep the England international at the club with the 24-year-old now in the final 18 months of his current deal. Ahead of the 1-0 Premier League defeat to Southampton, Potter had distanced himself from the ongoing contract discussions, claiming he was simply focusing his efforts on reviving the club's underwhelming season while the board worked on resolving Mount's future. But now Potter has shown indications that he has been involved in the process after shedding light on his own personal relationship with the playmaker. "Ultimately it is between the club and Mason. But I have spoken to him numerous times about his situation, football and life generally," Potter said ahead of the trip to Leicester. “My feelings for Mason are clear. He is a fantastic person firstly but sometimes these things happen. They are just complicated and it is best that I speak little about it, let them get on with it in deciding what is right for both parties.” Don't miss... Ian Wright called out by Matt Le Tissier after Match of the Day snub [LATEST] Potter had initially been coy on the situation, stating he considered the matter to be solely between Chelsea and Mount's representatives. "It is always complicated," Potter said of Mount's future last month. "There's always negotiations. "It is best to leave it between Mason and the club. It is the best way for that to be dealt with. "He has been fantastic to work with, an important player. Of course, I hope it gets resolved quickly." Don't miss... Chelsea boss Potter looks to repeat tactic after holding Mudryk talks [ANALYSIS] Tottenham stars plead for Pochettino with five other names in fray [REPORTS] Chelsea mistake over 'next Kaka' draws Ferdinand apology to Hargreaves [PUNDITS] Potter could yet play a big part in Chelsea's desire to match Mount's reported demands given that he is not currently selecting the England attacker. Mount - alongside Mykhaylo Mudryk, Conor Gallagher and Hakim Ziyech - is one of several players to have fallen out of favour in recent weeks after Chelsea picked up back-to-back victories over Leeds and Borussia Dortmund. His future is now being closely monitored by the likes of Liverpool, Manchester United and Newcastle, who could all look to pounce should his situation remain unchanged come the end of the season. By then, Mount will be quickly approaching the final 12 months of his deal meaning Chelsea could be forced to consider offers for the player. Potter's recent tactical switch to 3-4-3 has also been to Mount's detriment with Raheem Sterling and Joao Felix preferred in attack behind Kai Havertz. The trio performed impressively on Tuesday night as the Blues battled past Dortmund to reach the quarter-finals of the Champions League. Their impact means Mount is likely to face further problems forcing his way back into the side once he proves his fitness. Chelsea are now tasked with turning their horrific Premier League form around ahead of their Champions League quarter-final, which could define both their season and Potter's tenure.