Ian Wright famously opened up on his experience growing up in south-east London during the 1970s, where he shared a single room in a house on Merritt Road, Brockley, with his family. Despite a troubled childhood, the 59-year-old has since found fame as a professional footballer, pundit, and presenter, with a generous net worth to match. Here's a look at his life now in an affluent city suburb. Ian embarked on his professional sporting career in 1985 when he joined Crystal Palace. Soon after, he signed a £2.5 million contract with Arsenal where he really made a name for himself. While he has lived in different parts of London throughout his life, the former footballer has settled down in the northwest of the city. Located on the southern edge of the London Borough of Brent and bordering the City of Westminster to the east, Ian resides in Kensal Rise. The NW10 postcode is a young, affluent, suburban area that has its fair share of famous residents. READ MORE: The popular city chef Nadiya Hussain lives with her family Bustling with independent businesses, cafes, pubs and restaurants, the vibrant spot has been home to the sporting star since June 2010. But before moving to the area, Ian lived in the south of the city on a 1.3-acre plot located in Bishop's Walk, Shirley. He sold the Croydon home for somewhere in the region of £6million after living in it since 1994. Speaking about his city roots, the Match of the Day star said: "A mix of south and north London; that’s me." While his old family home boasted plenty of land and fun quirks like a cinema room, his current home is more low-key. Don't miss... Ian Wright threatens to quit MOTD for good if BBC fire Gary Lineker [LATEST] Ian Wright branded 'legend' after Match of the Day snub for Lineker [ANALYSIS] Ian Wright called out by Matt Le Tissier after Match of the Day snub [INSIGHT] Situated on a street filled with large, semi-detached Edwardian properties, Ian's home combines period features with a modern twist. While he keeps his home to himself, the football star has shared a few snaps of the interior on his Instagram page. In one picture, the father of eight shared a candid picture of him tucking into some tea and toast on his sofa. The plush grey furniture appeared in front of a rustic, exposed brick wall with chic bifold doors along the width of the room. READ MORE: Laundry expert shares five common ‘habits’ to ‘stop’ making now Through the glass panes, a patio area can be seen leading into the garden, which is secured with a tall wooden fence. The room appears to be an extension of the period property at the back of the house. Featuring an open plan, white gloss kitchen, Ian enjoys uninterrupted views of his landscaped garden. On the other side of the bifold doors, the patio leads down to some light wooden steps which drop down onto a luscious green lawn. A sleek interior can be seen throughout the downstairs of the house with white walls and neutral colours used to decorate the city abode.   According to Rightmove, properties around Kensal Rise had an overall average price of £1,081,354 over the last year. The majority of sales were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £1,278,986. Flats sold for a staggering average of £536,253, and semi-detached properties for £1,551,208. Though the detached property is situated close by to other Edwardian-style homes on the street, Ians's estimated £16million net worth suggests his house is worth more than the average in the area. He shares the northwest London house with just his wife, Nancy Hallam, though his adult children and grandchildren often visit the pair's beautiful home. 