Prince Harry took part in another live interview as part of his efforts to promote his best-selling memoir, Spare, where he declared he is not a victim and not looking for sympathy. The Duke sat down with trauma expert Gabor Maté where they delved deep into Harry's childhood trauma, his years of therapy and his desire to break free from the Royal Family. Dr Maté kicked off the chat by asking Harry if he sees himself as a victim, something the Duke swiftly dismissed. He said: "I don't see myself as a victim I'm really grateful to be able to share my story and help empower and encourage others." Harry added: "I do not and have never looked for sympathy." The pair then moved on to a discussion about details in Harry's book of the lack of physical contact with his father during times of extreme pain. Two extracts that are discussed are when Charles breaks the news that his mother had died and he didn't hug his son, and again when Harry was forced to abandon his tour in Afghanistan and only received a shoulder squeeze as comfort. READ MORE: Prince Harry claims King Charles 'traumatised him' by refusing hugs Harry said: "It leaves me in the position of a father having two children trying to smother them with love "I feel a huge responsibility not to pass on any trauma or negative experiences that I've had as a kid or as a man growing up. "There are times when I catch myself when I should smothering them with that love but I might not be." He added that if he did not hug his own children it would have a "similar" impact on them as he experienced growing up - something he is actively trying to prevent. DON'T MISS:Harry gushes over Meghan and says she's an 'exceptional human being' [VIDEO]Harry insists he's performing 'an act of service' with his interviews [COMMENT]'Meghan was not as cool' as Prince Harry in meeting with Rebel Wilson [INTERVIEW]  Speaking about Harry's childhood, Dr Maté said: "I know there were great moments but there was also a lot of trauma and suffering." The physician then describes this lack of affectionate contact as a "deprivation". Agreeing, Harry branded the lack of hugs from his father as a "mistake". The Duke then compared himself to his late mother, Princess Diana, in feeling "different" from the rest of the Royal Family and reflected on how her death has had a long-term impact on him. He said: "I certainly have felt throughout my life, my younger years, I felt slightly different to the rest of my family. "I felt strange being in this container, and I know that my mum felt the same so it makes sense to me. "It didn't make sense at the time, I felt as though my body was in there, but my head was out and sometimes it was vice versa." After a lengthy discussion on Harry's childhood trauma, Dr Maté moved the conversation on to the theme of "freedom" - something he notes was brought up at length in his book.   He encouraged others to seek therapy at the earliest opportunity as he discussed his regret that he had to wait so long to see a specialist. The physician has more than two decades of experience working with people suffering from addiction and mental illness and he fiercely believes that all of the problems we face as adults stem from the trauma we endured as children - so Harry's upbringing is likely to be a key focus of the interview. Speaking in a previous interview, Dr Maté said: "All our dysfunctions, our relationship problems, the pain that we carry, the resentment we harbor, the anger that we generate at our partners - it originates in early childhood trauma." Since stepping down as a senior royal Harry has become increasingly open about his trauma, notably about growing up as the "spare" and following the sudden death of his mother. It comes after Harry was urged to rethink going ahead with the interview after it emerged the 79-year-old host has defended Palestinian rocket fire at Israeli civilians and branded Israel’s government as terrorists. Rabbi Abraham Cooper of the Simon Wiesenthal Centre in New York said he assumed Harry had no knowledge of Dr Maté’s “political bias and hatred for the Jewish state” and hit out at whoever booked the interview.  “Whoever made the arrangements to have this individual appear with Prince Harry, did him no favours," he told the Jewish Chronicle. "If Prince Harry knew this man's record and still chose him for the interview, our Centre would criticise the prince for such an inappropriate choice.” Dr Maté has become aligned with the hard-left and made highly controversial comments comparing Hamas terrorists to the heroes of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising against the Nazis. It is not known who arranged Harry’s latest interview or whether he was involved in the process. His publishers or a member of the Sussex team could have organised it.