Manchester United coach Steve McClaren is using his Dutch accent again just like when he was manager of FC Twente back in 2008, according to reports. The 61-year-old previously worked with Erik ten Hag in the Netherlands. And it appears the time they’ve spent together is starting to rub off on the former England, Newcastle and Middlesbrough manager. Manchester United were initially reluctant to bring McClaren back as a coach, despite the 61-year-old previously impressing while working alongside Sir Alex Ferguson. But the Red Devils then opted to hire the former England boss again after Ten Hag made it clear how much he valued the coach’s expertise. Now, according to the Daily Mail, McClaren is using his famous ‘Dutch accent’ again - which seems to be because of the time he’s spending with Ten Hag. Back in 2008, while he was manager of FC Twente, the Englishman shocked everyone by speaking with a Dutch twang. This prompted much mockery, with some believing he was putting it on to help win around fans in the Netherlands. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players And, now, history is repeating itself. It’s said those who have witnessed it are now wondering if the presence of Ten Hag and his Dutch staff has ‘resurrected the unique sound’. While some at United were hesitant about hiring McClaren again, he’s proven to be a popular figure at Carrington this season. And the same can be said for Mitchell van der Gaag, too, with the Dutchman also arriving from Ajax just like Ten Hag. Van der Gaag has won around players with his methods during training, in stark contrast to how members of the squad received Chris Armas last term. Armas, who is now working at Leeds, was brought in by Ralf Rangnick - with the pair going on to oversee a torrid end to the campaign. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes And United players also previously had doubts over the credentials of both Michael Carrick and Kieran McKenna, too, who worked under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Both men have since, though, fared well in management since leaving Old Trafford. Carrick has guided Middlesbrough to third in the Championship table, something that seemed unfeasible at the start of the season. And McKenna has steered Ipswich to third in League One, too, as they look to battle their way back to the top after years of drifting. Meanwhile, on Sunday, United drew 0-0 with Southampton at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here And Ten Hag was aggrieved by the officiating during the showdown, with midfielder Casemiro seeing red for a crunching tackle on Carlos Alcaraz. “What I think is [about] the inconsistency – players don’t know anymore what is the policy and we see it with Premier League yesterday,” he said. “Leicester-Chelsea [two penalty appeals], the VAR is not coming on the line [intervening], today it’s coming on the line.” On potentially appealing Casemiro’s dismissal, he added: “When you freeze it [today’s challenge], it looks bad. “Everyone who knows something about football knows what is bad, what is fair and Casemiro is a fair player. “Tough, but fair and it shows over 500 games in big leagues and he was never sent off. He’s disappointed. “Definitely freeze framing is an issue. If you do it like this you have to be consistent across all games. “It’s a little bit the same as against Crystal Palace: when you saw the incident you should then have sent off three or four players and not only one if you’re really consistent.”