Manchester United are ready to loan out Facundo Pellistri next season, according to reports. The Uruguay international has struggled for regular game time at Old Trafford ever since his move from Penarol in October 2020. And a temporary parting of the ways is on the cards, with Anthony Elanga also poised to depart when the transfer window reopens. According to the Manchester Evening News, United are ready to loan out Pellistri. The 21-year-old has impressed off the bench in recent months, having finally made his debut for the Red Devils earlier in the season. But with the forward yet to nail down a regular spot in the team, it seems another spell away from Old Trafford is on the cards. Pellistri has previously spent two years with Deportivo Alaves, spending the entirety of last season over in La Liga. He’s also caught the eye at international level and has been named in the Uruguay squad for upcoming matches against Japan and South Korea, having previously made two starts at the recent World Cup in Qatar. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players The report says United have also ‘pencilled in’ a loan move for Elanga, too. The Sweden international was a shining light under Ralf Rangnick last season, having previously made his debut when Ole Gunnar Solskjaer ruled the roost. However, Elanga has found minutes far harder to come by ever since the appointment of Erik ten Hag as manager. The 20-year-old hasn’t scored for the club in over a year and, with United well-stocked when it comes to wingers, he’s poised to leave on a short-term deal. It’s also claimed that United remain undecided when it comes to Mason Greenwood and his future, too. DON’T MISS:Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes The England international recently had charges dropped against him, with the Red Devils now conducting their own investigation. United are open to potentially bringing Greenwood back into the fold, with the 21-year-old last featuring in a 1-0 win over West Ham in January last year. Yet it’s also possible they’ll choose to sell the forward, who was previously valued at around £130million. Meanwhile, regarding Pellistri, the Uruguay international recently impressed in a 4-1 Europa League victory over Real Betis. And Paul Scholes, speaking after that game, called on Ten Hag to start using the forward more often. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "He's made a case for himself tonight (to start more)," Scholes told BT Sport. "He looked so quick on the right. Straight turn, goes around, beats the defender with pace and sets the big man up for the goal. "I'm sure we can (see Pellistri start next week). I just think with Ten Hag he doesn't like to make changes. He likes players having rhythm in the game. "But with the amount of games these players have had they need a rest. “Luke Shaw looks like he needs a rest, Casemiro possibly. These young players, maybe give them a taste of European football which will put them in good stead for the future." And Owen Hargreaves added: "I don't know (why he hasn't played more). "I was amazed how quick he was. Lots of the guys, like Jadon (Sancho) and Antony want to slow down and dribble. He didn't want any bit of that. "He wanted to go on the outside, old school, sprint past people. It's a brilliant cameo. United fans would love to see more of him." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE