Tom Brady is undoubtedly the greatest quarterback in NFL history, and his net worth is reflective of that. Although the 45-year-old retired from playing when the Tampa Bay Buccaneers were eliminated in the NFL Wild Card Round in January, a new TV deal means he is still one of the wealthiest sports stars on the planet. Brady was famously the 199th pick in the 2000 NFL Draft, but despite that early setback he went on to become the most successful player in NFL history. Over the course of a 23-season career, he won an unprecedented seven Super Bowl rings, six with the New England Patriots and one with the Buccaneers. Brady retired after leading the Bucs to Superbowl glory in February 2022, but he changed his mind less than six weeks later and came back for one final season. That decision, added to his previous career earnings and various commercial deals, saw his net worth rise to $83.9m, according to Forbes. In 2022 Brady was the ninth highest-paid athlete on the planet, and 2023 looks set to be another lucrative year for the Californian. Last year it was announced that the quarterback had signed a historic deal with FOX Sports to commentate on NFL matches, beginning whenever he chose to retire from playing. MUST READ: Former NFL and UFC star brutally knocked out in bare knuckle boxing debut As reported by The New York Post at the time, Brady signed a deal with FOX worth $375m across 10 years, a cool $37.5m per year. Brady will be the highest-paid sports broadcaster of all time, with the deal worth twice the record-breaking sum CBS gave former Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo in 2020. Aside from calling games from the commentary box, Brady has a number of other projects to keep him busy in retirement. Brady already has his own lifestyle brand - TB12 - and is the co-founder of Autograph, an NFT company that raised $170m in a Series B funding round.  DON'T MISS:Kansas City Chiefs hero Patrick Mahomes has underwear superstition before gamesKansas City Chiefs braced for major coaching setback days after winning Super Bowl 2023Shaquille O'Neal tells Donald Trump to 'shut the f*** up' over Rihanna comments In 2020, he launched 199 productions to develop films, documentaries and TV shows. The company recently produced 80 for Brady, a sports comedy film that follows four lifelong friends that travel to watch Brady and the New England Patriots play in the 2017 Super Bowl. Brady's first retirement announcement in 2022 was a drawn-out affair, so when he retired for the second time he kept things short and sweet. In a video published on his Instagram account earlier this month, he said: "I won't be long-winded. You only get one super emotional retirement essay, and I used mine up last year, so really thank you guys so much to every single one of you for supporting me. "Thank you guys for allowing me to live my absolute dream. I wouldn't change a thing. Love you all."