NBA star James Harden is currently in the midst of another promising title push with the Philadelphia 76ers. That is to be expected. The oddity, even in the modern NBA, is his ever-changing cast of running mates. This time two years ago, the ten-time All-Star was alongside Kevin Durant and Kyrie Irving in Brooklyn for the run-in and a year before that he was headlining the one-man Houston Rockets show. With Harden’s free agency quickly approaching, it appears his jaunt to the Eastern Conference is set to end with a sensational return to the Texas outfit he so publicly divorced. According to the Athletic, Harden is expected to decline his player option for the 2023/24 season making him a free agent this summer and a target for the Rockets. While ESPN first reported that the 33-year-old was seriously considering a move back to his old stomping ground. MUST READ: Nikola Jokic snaps back at "stat-padding" claim after milestone record This wouldn't be a surprise to key players in a Joel Embiid led 76ers locker room who, according to the report, presume Harden has every intention to quit their title-chasing roster this summer. “Maybe winning it all makes it easier for [Harden] to head for Houston, with that championship burden lifted,” reads the report from the Athletic’s Sam Amick and Kelly Iko. “Or maybe the Sixers get to the NBA Finals, showing just enough promise to make him want to stay and finish the job. And why, as is the case, do some key Sixers players privately believe that Harden may make this Houston reunion a reality? These are questions for the summertime.” The 2018 MVP popping up at the Toyota Center next term would certainly be a spectacular turn of events, even with the acknowledgement that a couple of years may have healed the scars of his acrimonious departure. While with the franchise, Harden became a bonafide superstar and notched up various individual crowns including three scoring titles, six All-NBA First Team selections, as well as the previously mentioned MVP crown. Though, team success was a little less abundant. Yes, the Rockets routinely enjoyed one of the league’s best records during his nine-year stay - a far cry from the sub .300 winning percentage they’ve posted since he’s been gone. But with only two Western Conference Finals appearances from his near decade in Houston, Harden’s decision to request a trade in 2021 was understandable. Sports Illustrated revealed that contrary to public perception at the time, Rocket’s team owner Tilman Fertitta told the star shooting guard that he was ‘always welcome back to the team in the future’, with Harden also open to a potential reunion. Amick and Iko go on to speculate the factors that have made a return to the franchise increasingly likely which include the decision of Michael Rubin, the former 76ers owner and close friend of the star, to sell shares in the Philadelphia outfit. DON'T MISSLeBron James suffers fresh injury setback as Los Angeles Lakers face crunch periodShaquille O'Neal's ginormous net worth won't be shared with "upset" children They also point to Harden’s change in representation adding: “[Troy] Payne, a lifelong friend, worked side by side with Harden as his business partner and Adidas representative for the entirety of his near-decade relationship with the company. “Between the familiarity with Harden and the Rockets organisation, the bonds are strong there.”