Kellie Shirley, 41, shared photos of her baby boy today just months after announcing her shock pregnancy. The actress, who is best known for playing Carly Wicks on EastEnders, shared news of the new arrival in a post uploaded to her Instagram account. Writing alongside a photo of the newborn, the star shared: “So there’s a new fella in my life… and wow! #babyboy.” Kellie’s former co-stars and followers were quick to congratulate her on the new arrival. Emma Barton, who plays Honey Mitchell on the soap, wrote: “Beautiful darling.. can’t wait to meet him.” While Coronation Street actress Catherine Tyldesley gushed: “Congratulations love! What a beautiful babba.” READ MORE: Stacey Solomon cleans ‘greasy’ hair after not washing it for 3 weeks Christine Bottomley commented: “Babe massive congrats.” Kellie and her husband Phil Davies are already parents to seven-year-old twins Pearl and Louis. Since leaving the soap Kellie has gone on to appear in a string of shows including Death in Paradise and Ridley. She recently said her latest pregnancy "floored" her. While filming over the summer the actress became ill but never expected the outcome. She said: "I was literally on my hands and knees feeling horrendous and the on-set medic called John said, ‘Are you sure you’re not pregnant?’ "I was like, ‘Oh no, I’m hardly seeing my husband! It’s just this heat'." Kellie added to OK! Magazine: "Then I was being sick for a couple of weeks and he said, ‘Go and get a pregnancy test’, so I did. DONT MISS:Nicola Peltz gushes of love for mum-in-law Victoria Beckham at show (PHOTOS)Louise Redknapp denies she sought fame after Strictly and Jamie split (NEWS)Gary Lineker opens up on ‘unusual’ relationship with ex-wife Danielle (LATEST) "It came back positive straight away. I was like, ‘Oh my God, John was right!’ It was a really lovely surprise. I feel very lucky." Kellie also revealed she's expecting a boy and said: "As the pregnancy was a shock, I felt like I wanted to be able to connect with the baby more. “I didn’t have a preference – I just want the baby to be healthy." The TV personality went on to reveal it's been a harder adjustment due to "being older" and held back from telling her work colleagues so she could adjust. She admitted she was concerned people would view her "differently" as a pregnant actress but has since realised that the world has "moved on". The actress married writer Phil in 2010, and starred on the BBC One soap as Carly Wicks between 2006 and 2008, making a brief return in 2012. They met in 2004 during a night out at a Manchester nightclub. 