Chelsea boss Graham Potter has admitted he will make a last-minute decision on whether Reece James plays in the crucial Champions League second leg against Borussia Dortmund tomorrow. The England international missed Chelsea's win over Leeds at the weekend due to a tight hamstring. It's the latest injury blow James has suffered this season with the 23-year-old playing just 11 Premier League matches this season. But the injury doesn't appear to be too serious with James in contention to feature against Dortmund. The full-back was involved in team training on Monday, although Potter insists no final decision has been made yet on whether he will feature. "Reece [James], we'll make a decision on him tomorrow," he said. There is some positive news regarding Christian Pulisic though, who has been unavailable for nearly two months with a knee injury. However, Potter confirmed the Dortmund game will come too soon for N'Golo Kante to make his long-awaited return. Don't miss... Chelsea told they've already found their next Thiago Silva [LATEST] Chelsea star Mason Mount urged to snub Liverpool due to two players [LATEST] Chelsea have eight stars that could ignore Boehly ultimatum and leave [LATEST] "It's a complex one with him because he has had a long time out," he added. "It'll be a case of how we get him back up to speed to play Premier League or Champions League football. "He won't be able to go back in for 90 minutes any time soon but the fact he is with us is exciting." The Champions League is Chelsea's only hope of preventing this season from ending on a whimper having been knocked out of the FA Cup along with a disappointing Premier League campaign. When asked whether Chelsea's season is over if they're knocked out of Europe on Tuesday night, Potter said: "I agree it's a big game, an exciting game, a chance to go through to the last eight of the Champions League. It'll be a special night. Our thoughts are on being positive and trying to win the game. "It's a good challenge for us, a big challenge for us. We're excited for it and looking forward to it."