Piers Morgan, 57, has made his feelings very clear in support of Gary Lineker in recent days. The former footballer, 62, will not appear on BBC's Match Of The Day tonight after sharing his views on the migrant crisis on Twitter. Piers compared his remarks about Meghan Markle to Gary's statement, which has seen the BBC take him off air. But, the former has been left defending the comparison, with him urging they're both "about freedom of speech". The father-of-four had initially stated to his 8.4 million followers: "Gary Lineker should tell the BBC to go f*** themselves, as I told ITV to over the Markle debacle. "Free speech is the cornerstone of democracy - the moment Britons agree to be told what we’re allowed to say or think, democracy dies." READ MORE: Nina Warhurst headed to work with son after forgetting to drop him off Piers refused to apologise for his on-air statement on Good Morning Britain about Meghan, and it saw him leave his job. He had said he "didn't believe a word" the wife of Prince Harry had told Oprah Winfrey about her mental health in their TV interview. However, one user on the micro-blogging site was having none of his comparisons to Gary. @georgiebingham wrote: "You cannot - I mean I’m actually laughing out loud - equate Lineker’s comments with your Markle debacle. "This is just too funny. I mean c’mon." "What’s the difference? It’s about freedom of speech," Piers argued. "If you don’t see it that way, you’re part of the problem." Fan @NotoriousIC4 then asked: "Piers were you disappointed when none of your colleagues didn't present the day after you left GMB?" Don't miss... BBC star Richard Osman slams 'pathetic' Gary Lineker MOTD decision [LATEST] Kim Kardashian taken off Met Gala 2023 guest list in Vogue crack down [ROW] Denise Welch says Piers Morgan row is ‘unforgivable’ after 'U-turn' [UPDATE] Piers soon responded: "Would have been nice to see the same solidarity…" It comes after MOTD host Gary spoke out about the Illegal Migration Bill, banning migrants who arrive on small boats from settling in Britain. He posted in view of his 8.8 million followers this week: "This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s, and I'm out of order?" The host was then told to take a step back from presenting the football programme until an agreement is reached on his social media use, the BBC said. The broadcaster said it considered Gary's "recent social media activity to be a breach of our guidelines". The news has seen his BBC colleagues step away from the show in solidarity. These include Alan Shearer, Ian Wright, Micah Richards, Jermaine Jenas and Alex Scott. The BBC later confirmed there will be no presenter or pundits on Match of the Day this weekend.