Princess Iman, the daughter of King Abdullah II and Queen Rania of Jordan, looked beautiful in a custom Dior wedding gown and a diamond tiara. The royal chose the delicate Chaumet tiara for her wedding day which reportedly belonged to her paternal grandmother, Princess Muna Al Hussein. The delicate diamond diadem was commissioned to Chaumet, a Parisian jewellery house, and is believed to be a gift from King Abdullah's mother, Princess Muna Al Hussein. However, the tiara has never been seen in public meaning Princess Iman could have been the first royal in Jordan to don the piece. Princess Iman's diamond drop earring had the same design which indicates both pieces of jewellery may have been created by the French house. Royal fans took to social media to share their thoughts with many saying that the tiara was "perfection". READ MORE: Hair expert shares 'incredibly ageing' haircut older women must avoid Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat However, this is not the first time that Princess Iman wears a diadem as she showcased her first tiara ahead of her royal wedding last month. For an official portrait that Queen Rania shared on her Instagram account announcing the upcoming royal wedding, the Princess wore Queen Rania's triangular Diamond Tiara. Queen Rania donned the same piece for a state banquet in London in 2001 and for an official portrait as Queen. Made of diamond flowers, the diadem is set into a triangular diamond frame and is a truly spectacular creation. Don't miss... Kate may have 'delicious' breakfast food every day to lose weight  [DIET] Kate’s gesture to Prince William put her 'in the role of control'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Danish royals pose for portrait in 'midlife crisis' shoes, claim fans [STYLE] The provenance of the triangular Diamond Tiara is also unknown but it is likely that King Abdullah's mother, Princess Muna Al Hussein, gifted the precious jewel to Queen Rania. The young Princess Iman, however, decided to wear something more discreet for her wedding day. Social media user @sharonsdiamond said Princess Iman was "simply perfect" on her wedding day and @kimberly_08_86 added: "Absolutely gorgeous!" "She looks lovely, such delicate elegance," commented @duchess_kkat and @aya_alsoufi_89 agreed saying: "Elegant and classy." READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert Princess Iman wore a long-sleeved wedding gown with a lace bodice and a long lace veil, and the young royal looked "absolutely stunning". The royal wedding took place at the Beit Al Urdun Palace in Amman, Jordan, and was attended by their closest friends and family. It was a romantic and traditional ceremony where Princess Iman's beloved brother, Crown Prince Hussein, walked her down the aisle. Royal watcher @quirkycl3658 commented on social media that the dress was "incredible" and the Princess looked "so amazing". Instagram user @paula_chk said: "She is absolutely stunning" and @catno1970 opined: "Her dress is perfection. I like it more than Princess Kate’s." Queen Rania wore a long Dior gown featuring pleated sleeves and a skirt and for jewellery, she opted for a diamond bracelet and a maxi ring from designer Fabiosalini Jewelry. "I love the bracelet on Queen Raina’s arm... beautiful... the dress exquisite," commented @heidir101. Princess Iman and New York-Based financier Jameel Thermiotis met in the US when they both attended Georgetown University in Washington DC.