Arsenal star Granit Xhaka has backed boss Mikel Arteta over two decisions he made before turning the Gunners into title contenders. The side from north London moved five points clear of second-placed Manchester City with their 4-0 win over Everton on Wednesday, but it has not been plain sailing throughout the Spaniard’s tenure at the Emirates. Arteta began his managerial career with back-to-back eighth-placed Premier League finishes and had to oversee plenty of turnover that included star players Mesut Ozil and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang moving on from the club. The duo made over 400 combined appearances in north London and were both regarded as Arsenal’s most impressive players at times, but left for nominal fees. Arteta fell out with both players and then sent Ozil to Fenerbahce while Aubameyang joined Barcelona and then Chelsea, as the Spanish boss felt that the dressing room would be better served without the pair. He has largely been proven right to do so, as Arsenal appear in a much better place while the atmosphere at the club is at the highest it has been for several years. Xhaka admitted that Arteta made a “good decision” to axe both Ozil and Aubemayang from the squad. “It’s still a process. I think the process is not done. You say these two players [Ozil and Aubameyang], they were big names in this football club, we respect them a lot but of course to do these things [move them on] you need the support of the club,” Xhaka told Sky Sports. “I think Mikel had the support from the club to do it. You have different types of character today, different types of players as well, now of course, you can say it was a good decision from Mikel to do that. I would say that my relationship with both players was very good, I never had any problems with any players, this was a decision by Mikel and the club. DON'T MISSRoy Keane and Ian Wright disagree on Arsenal and Man Utd target RiceArsenal want to sign three players and Rice as summer plans emergeArsenal to sell two players in summer and Arteta could axe three more “I mean, talent is not enough. With only talent, you cannot achieve something big. If you see us on the training pitch, day-by-day, how much we care, how much we work… everything starts [somewhere], Mikel changed even the food. He changed a lot of food, our body fat dropped massively! They are small details but massive.” Questions were raised about Arsenal's title credentials following their 3-1 defeat to Manchester City last month, but their strong mentality then came to the fore with back-to-back away victories at Aston Villa and then Leicester. Then a resounding 4-0 win over Everton while Pep Guardiola’s outfit dropped points in the title race by drawing away to Nottingham Forest saw the table-toppers into a five-point lead.