Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's South Park spoofing may not be as damaging to the Sussex brand as people are making out, claimed one celebrity PR guru. The 26th season of the animated show takes aim at the "prince and princess of Canada" as they embark on their "Worldwide Privacy Tour". A host of royal commentators are claiming the spoofing has dealt a blow to the Sussexes' standing but celebrity PR expert Carla Speight is unconvinced. "They’re both of an age where they grew out of South Park years ago and won’t be too worried about its effect on their reputation," Ms Speight told Express.co.uk. The PR expert continued: "If they see the funny side of it, which I’m sure they have done given that they’ve got no plans to start legal proceedings over it, then the public will respect that response." Her comments come after a spokesperson for the Sussexes rejected claims they are planning to take legal action against the show's parody of them. "Everyone has to laugh at themselves at some point, which these shows are designed for with amplified versions of their personality traits," added Ms Speight. READ MORE: The South Park hidden joke that pokes fun at Meghan's relationship with Michelle Obama According to the PR guru, Harry has already shown he has a "great sense of humour" and "I’m sure he’s found the funny side of this". Ms Speight made the point that British people typically have a satirical side to their humour "which I’m sure he’s drawn on over this", adding: "I doubt Meghan is remotely bothered by it either, most American celebrities have been mimicked on South Park so this won’t phase her." The PR expert said that it's ultimately the Sussexes' reaction to the spoofing that will determine how it’s perceived by the public. Not everyone will be convinced by this assessment. After the episode was aired, Piers Morgan shared a clip on Twitter and said he thought the scenes were “brilliant”. DON'T MISSWoman, 20, raped and strangled by gang member [LATEST]Man 'bound' woman in his van and threatened to kill her [REPORT]Plane averted after 'terrifying' close call [INSIGHT] He tweeted to his 8.3 million followers: “The South Park rinsing of Meghan and Harry is lethally brilliant. Suspect this is how most Americans now feel about them.” Likewise, royal biographer Angela Levin said the brutal takedown suggests there's a limit to what Harry and Meghan can achieve stateside and beyond. "It smashed them to pieces really," Angela Levin said about the animated parody in an interview with GB News. Express.co.uk asked Americans what they thought about the spoofing and the picture seems mixed. READ MORE: Angela Levin sparks uproar claiming Prince Harry is 'humiliating' family in fresh attack Deborah suggested it may play to the Sussexes' strengths: "If Harry is in Southpark then he’s made it. He’s current and trending. They mock everyone. Obama nor Star Wars is safe. It’s a spoof, and was kind of funny." The US resident continued: "No one in America is talking about it. The UK press is in a frenzy as their livelihood depends on Harry and Meghan. "It’s been on for over 25 years. I’ve never seen it get this much attention since Tom Cruise came after them over a decade ago." Others claimed the show had shown the Sussexes up, with Naomi from Santa Barbara calling it "brilliant! Very funny and I hope there is another episode!" while Vicky from New York said that the Sussexes had become a "laughing stock". The episode makes a number of thinly veiled digs at the young couple's alleged demands for privacy while they pursue various media projects. At one point, they appear on a chat show called "Good Morning Canada" to promote the young prince of Canada's tell-all memoir "Waugh". The chat show host asks whether, in reporting on the royal family for his new book, the prince has now become a journalist, despite suggesting in the episode that he hated them. The "princess" interjects, saying: "We just want to be normal people - all this attention is so hard."