More than 100 officers are searching for the missing body parts of a Hong Kong model in a landfill site as part of a police investigation. Hong Kong socialite Abby Choi has been reported missing for more than a week now and is believed to have been murdered after what is thought to be her head and legs were found at a property. Investigators are now searching for the remaining body parts, including her hands and torso, at the North East New Territories Landfill in Ta Kwu Ling, Hong Kong, close to the border with mainland China. Superintendent Alan Chung told reporters: "The suspects threw away several bags of important evidence in the morning of 22 February. "There may be some human body parts or they could be the clothes and phone of the victim - or even the weapons." Other than a few bones, the search has turned up nothing significant, and authorities are yet to determine if the bones belong to a person or an animal.  Ms Choi's head was discovered on Sunday in a three-story house in the remote Tai Po district, days after other body parts were discovered in the same spot. The site is around 27 kilometres (17 miles) from Kowloon City, where Choi was last seen on Tuesday. The property is believed to have been rented by Ms Choi's former father-in-law a few weeks ago. A meat slicer and an electric saw were also found at the scene. Ms Choi’s ex-husband Alex Kwong, Kwong's brother Anthony and their father Kwong Kau have been charged in connection with the murder. READ MORE: Thirteen crew rescued from sinking cargo ship off Japan Kwong's mother, 63, has been charged with obstructing the case. Alex was arrested on Saturday while trying to leave the city by speedboat, a day after his parents and elder brother were detained. All four suspects were denied bail on Monday and have yet to enter any pleas. According to local police, Ms Choi and her ex-husband and his family were involved in a financial dispute involving tens of millions of Hong Kong dollars. "Some people" were not happy with the way she handled her finances, police reported. Another woman who had been detained for allegedly helping other suspects in the case was released on bond, awaiting additional investigation. Local police said the Hong Kong socialite is believed to have been in an affair with her father-in-law. DON'T MISS:Tanks quelling Chinese protests in chilling echo of Tiananmen [REPORT]Man defending China's government brutally attacks elderly protester [REPORT]Xi Jinping could be forced to ‘back down’ over Covid crackdowns [REPORT] Ms Choi had two children with Alex Kwong, and two children with Chris Tam - her partner since 2016. She had recently appeared on the cover of the fashion and luxury lifestyle publication L'Officiel Monaco, and she was a well-known socialite in Hong Kong with more than 100,000 Instagram followers. The four suspects are due to appear in court in May. READ NEXT:Brutal Chinese government is a threat to us allChina is the enemy, it's time we spelled it out - IAIN DUNCAN SMITHProtester describes attack in Manchester outside China consulateUK summons Chinese official after attack on Hong Kong protesterChinese embassy beats up protester in Manchester over Hong Kong