Andrey Rublev revealed that Stefanos Tsitsipas apologised for claiming the Russian didn’t have many “weapons” in his game after Daniil Medvedev shaded the Greek star for his comment. The world No 3 made the remark following his ATP Finals defeat to Rublev in November and Medvedev brought it up during his victory speech in Dubai on Saturday after beating his countryman 6-2 6-2 to lift the title. Medvedev used his winner’s speech as a chance to address a comment made about his opponent and good friend Rublev, recalling when Tsitsipas told reporters the world No 6 “prevailed with the few tools that he has” after losing their round-robin match in Turin. “I just wanna say that I remember not long ago one player said that he has just a few weapons and I was reading this interview, I was like ‘How can you say this?’” the 27-year-old said after beating Rublev. The former world No 1 also backed his compatriot to get revenge over Tsitsipas on the match court, adding: “In my opinion Andrey is one of the most skillful players on the tour, he just didn't exploit fully his potential yet. But I’m sure that he can win Grand Slams. Hopefully he can beat this guy who said it many, many times, I wish you this for sure.” And Rublev has now also revisited Tsitsipas’ claim following Medvedev’s shady speech, revealing that the 24-year-old had actually apologised to him after making the comment. “I was a bit late over there, to be honest. In the beginning, I didn't understand what he meant,” the 12-time title winner admitted when asked what his initial reaction was to the third seed’s speech.  JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev used 'angry' Roger Federer tactics to beat Djokovic   “Then I say, Who was the one that was saying that? Then I realised. I was a bit late.” The world No 6 gave a classy response at the time and doubled-down in Dubai, admitting that he didn’t take the remark to heart as he knew Tsitsipas was just frustrated in defeat. “I don't know, not much to say. When Stefanos said that, I didn't even take it personal because I know I'm also emotional, and I know how you can say some things and do some things when you are under the emotions. I mean, you don't need to walk far away, you can see some moments of my behaviour on court that are not really nice,” he explained. And after losing the Dubai final to Medvedev, last year’s champion knew how he felt as he shared Tsitsipas’ decision to apologise. “Of course, I understand him at that moment, so I didn't even take it personal. Plus, on top of that, later on he came to me and he apologised. Even more - how you say - good from him that he did it,” he said. DON'T MISSDaniil Medvedev and Andrey Rublev threw rackets and cried in old tiesFritz rushes for sick bucket mid-match as star chunders on courtDjokovic 'denied US entry by Homeland Security' as Biden request made Tsitsipas and Rublev’s ATP Finals group stage match was a tense one as it decided the last semi-final spot at the season-ending championships and the world No 3 had been leading by a set before crashing out 2-6 6-4 6-2. The Russian was full of class as he responded to Tsitsipas’ comments at the time, admitting that his opponent probably was the better player as he was ranked higher. “I mean, I don't know if I have few tools or not,” the 25-year-old said. “If we go shot by shot, I think his backhand is better than mine. His forehand is not better than mine. The speed serve is not better than mine. He's faster. He play much better than it. If we go for best shot, I don't think… “Obviously he's better player because he's higher ranked and he achieved better results. It's obvious. There is no doubt. But I don't think that I beat him because of few tools. If you take our match, every match, we have tough battles. This year I lost to him twice in three sets, and now I beat him in three sets. We always have some tough matches. Only one final in Monte-Carlo that he played really well and he destroy me quite easy, but the rest was always tough matches.”