A rash of poisonings at girls' schools in Iran impacted more than 900 students, officials have confirmed. Iranian journalist Fereshteh Sadeghi reported that Health Minister Bahram Eynollah, a member of the Majlis National Security Committee, confirmed the number earlier today. She said officials have branded the incident a "chain poisoning", but while hundreds of girls have sought medical treatment for an array of unpleasant symptoms, the substance used was non-lethal. Writing on Twitter, Ms Sadeghi said that "900+" girls were impacted by the poisonings nationwide. They were poisoned with a "toxic substance", she reported Mr Eynollah as saying, but that its low toxicity meant that none of the affected students are in serious danger. The poisonings were first reported in late 2022 at "dozens" of schools in the city of Qom where female students were known to study. Other, similar incidents were reported in Brujerd and Lorestan provinces, both far away from the northwestern metropolis. READ MORE: People smugglers 'threw children out' of sinking migrant boat An estimated 150 students are believed to have visited hospital following the incidents in Qom alone, almost half of whom were hospitalised. In Brujerd, authorities reported 250 suspected poisonings spread across female elementary and high schools and one male high school. Those seeking healthcare reported several symptoms, including headaches, vomiting, chest pain, dizziness, fast breathing, a rapid heartbeat and low blood pressure. Authorities are yet to disclose the substance they suspect caused the symptoms, but some students speaking to the media said they smelt a strong odour "like bleach-cleaner" before they developed. Others, according to Ms Sadeghi, said the smell was "similar to tangerine or mint". In all, early estimates from authorities were that up to 400 pupils from approximately 30 schools were poisoned, with the number now having more than doubled. Despite dismissing the reports as rumours early on, Iranian officials have now opened an investigation into the string of poisonings They have described the incidents as "intentional" with the country's prosecutor general stating there are "possibilities of deliberate criminal acts". IRNA, a state-run news agency, said health ministers have come forward with a potential motive. The agency quoted Younes Panahi, deputy health minister, as saying that "some people" wanted schools, especially those who accommodate girls, closed. Mr Panahi said: "After several poisonings of students in Qom schools, it was found that some people wanted all schools, especially girls' schools, to be closed."