BBC Radio 2 Breakfast presenter Zoe Ball was forced to apologise to listeners on Wednesday morning as Gogglebox star Lee Riley turned the air blue. Lee was joined by his friend and co-star Jenny Newby to discuss the 10th anniversary of the popular reality show. The pair’s appearance was without incident until they were shown a clip from the Channel 4 show and asked to guess which episode it had been taken from. After watching it, Lee said, “Oh yeah that was that green s**t.” He realised his blunder almost immediately but couldn’t help himself, following up with: “Oh s**t, I said s**t, sorry.” Veteran broadcaster Zoe attempted to diffuse the situation and apologised to listeners. “Sorry for the language,” she said, before joking that even Liam Gallagher had made it through her show without cursing. READ MORE:Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint Trying to reassure her guest she said: “Lee it's ok, we'll just say sorry, sorry for the language… “If it's going to be anyone, let it be Lee from Gogglebox.” However, despite the early hour Zoe’s listeners didn’t seem to object to Lee’s colourful words and took to the BBC Radio 2 Instagram to praise both him and Jenny. Julian Lennon, son of the late Beatle John Lennon even got in on the act commenting from his verified julespicturepalace account: “Luv, luv, luv!!!” followed by a heart emoji.  A user called jobea268 said: “Loved this interview this morning, Jenny and Lee are fabulous.” @suzthrift also called for the pair to get their own platform, writing: “Get Jenny and Lee their own show!” “What a completely FABULOUS pair. Love em!!” wrote @somersbeverly. Meanwhile, helen_foster_coaching said: “They were BRILLIANT! Just how they are on the telly – completely genuine and normal. Absolutely love them both.” DON'T MISS: Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead [SPOILERS]Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [INSIGHT]The Conners viewers 'switch off' as Whoopi Goldberg guest stars [SPOILER] Best friends Lee and Jenny have been a fixture on Gogglebox since 2014. They met over 25 years ago when Lee was a regular in a pub where Jenny was the landlady. Although they don’t usually live together, they made an exception during lockdown after a number of Gogglebox viewers complained about the show not following social distancing rules. Taking to Twitter at the time, Lee told fans: “Well what can we say it’s Friday and it’s still on #Gogglebox Jenny and me watching together as we are both on lockdown TOGETHER friends with no benefits I may add!” (sic) In May last year, they worried fans when they were both absent from the popular Friday night show for one episode. However, days later at the BAFTA TV Awards Lee explained that Jenny had been in hospital having a small operation. “She is not very well, she is having an operation, a mini one, but she is recovering well though. “She was invited but the appointment was in BAFTA week. You can't turn down an NHS operation down, can you? But she is doing well," he told the Daily Star.  The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show is on BBC Radio 2 from 6.30am – 9.30am on Weekday mornings.