Experts have spoken exclusively to Express.co.uk about the mortgage rate increases that could ee holders pay an extra £1,380 a year. This particular rare hike would affect those on variable or tracker mortgage rates who are borrowing a certain amount. Following historically low interest rates for almost 10 years, the sudden shock increase in rates has made many concerned about the future affordability of their mortgage. The big question of 2023 is what is best; secure a Fixed rate or a Variable rate? Naturally, everyone is different and experts would urge anyone to seek advice from a professional broker to help determine the right course for you as an individual. Interest rates can vary between variable rates, such as discounted and tracker rates, and fixed rates. Tim Leonard, personal finance expert at NerdWallet, said: “The recent upheaval in the mortgage market will affect many existing borrowers, as well as first-time buyers. “But those whose deals are due to come to an end will be paying a close eye on rising interest rates and higher mortgage repayments when negotiating their next deal. “It remains to be seen if interest rates will come down sharply anytime soon, but some lenders have slightly lowered their rates recently. If a fixed rate mortgage is coming to an end, the choice is usually between moving to the lender’s standard variable rate or remortgaging. “Choosing a standard variable rate could be the simple option, but it may not necessarily be the best one. “Standard variable rates are set at the discretion of the lender and tend to be higher than other mortgage rates. “A way to potentially lock in a better deal is by remortgaging, but borrowers should be aware that they'll probably be looking at higher rates than they’d been paying before. “Many mortgage offers will last for up to six months, so once a rate is locked in, borrowers will have the chance to assess the market and see whether a better value deal comes along before committing. “With interest rates generally not as favourable as they were a year ago, borrowers should shop around to find the best mortgage deal for them.” He explained independent financial advisors and comparison sites are good sources to learn more about a wide range of mortgage products. Britons should always be sure that their advice source is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Danni Hewson, AJ Bell financial analyst highlighted the plight of the 1.4 million people currently on either a tracker or variable rate who will shoot up dramatically. Using examples, she highlighted how much people on certain mortgage rates will pay following the most recent base rate increase. If someone were to have £250,000 in borrowing, a 0.5 percent rise means an extra £72 a month in costs. Notably, if a mortgage holder has £400,0000 of borrowing that will increase to an extra £115 a month which is the equivalent of £1,380 annually. The mortgage expert acknowledged that this expense will have a detrimental effect on people getting onto the property ladder. Ms Hewson added: “With thousands of pounds a year being added onto a typical mortgage, there will be some who are finding their home has become unaffordable.”