Gogglebox first popped up on Channel 4 way back in 2013 and a decade later, it's still very much loved by the nation. The idea was for the show only to be on for six weeks but it quickly grew in popularity, leading it to be renewed time and time again. It wasn't entirely straightforward though with the show's name being up for discussion in the writers' room. Gogglebox may be a staple in the reality TV world now but at one point, it was simply a project with its creative director Tim Harcourt calling it a "jolly for six weeks". From One Born Every Minute and 24 Hours in A&E, there were a number of "fly on the wall" type series already. But when Harcourt and CEO Stephen Lambert pitched the idea to Channel 4, the network agreed to start off with a 10-minute version. Of course, this blossomed into the show fans love today but it wasn't always going to be called Gogglebox. READ MORE: SNL pays touching tribute to John Head as NBC show airs title card In the pitch, the Channel 4 series was called 242 Minutes before switching to something else. Tim explained to The Guardian: "242 minutes, the original working title, was the average amount of time a British adult watched TV a day back then. "The name Gogglebox was our favourite alternative title. "Watch With Britain only lasted for one week. Everyone hated it." To mark the major milestone, there will be a 90-minute Gogglebox special airing on Saturday, March 11, at 9pm on Channel 4. As well as some of the current cast, there is going to be a number of familiar faces returning for the episode too. Two pairs who have already been confirmed for the show are Dom and Steph and Sandra and Sandi. Sandi left the show in 2016, going on to appear on Celebrity Big Brother, followed by Sandra in 2017. DON'T MISS...Gogglebox star Ellie Warner shares baby's gender in cute on-air moment [VIDEO]Gogglebox fans left 'speechless' over X-rated furry fetish documentary [LATEST]Gogglebox star breaks silence on 'hurtful' backlash to ABBA comment [INSIGHT] Dom and Steph left Gogglebox in 2016 and went on to feature in The Great Hotel Escape as well as their own show, Steph and Dom's One Star to Five Star. Four years ago, they also had their Channel 4 documentary Steph and Dom: Can Cannabis Save Our Son? The special saw the couple talk about their son Max's severe epilepsy which means he can have up to 100 seizures a day. Fast-forward to 2023 and there are just two original pairs starring in Gogglebox today. The first is Stephen Webb who was first in the show with his ex-boyfriend Chris Ashby-Steed. They sadly broke up, resulting in Chris leaving the show in 2018. Stephen is now joined by his husband Daniel on the sofa every week. As well as the 50-year-old, the Siddiqui family have also been in Gogglebox from the very beginning. Channel 4 has labelled the special 10th-anniversary programme "a chance to look back at our favourite TV from the last decade and also our favourite Goggleboxers with whom we've watched it". The show was originally narrated by actress Caroline Aherne who died of lung cancer in 2016. Her former The Royle Family co-star Craig Cash took over the part of narrator after her passing. Gogglebox's 10-year anniversary special will air on Saturday, March 11, at 9pm on Channel 4.