Blood clots don’t always spell bad news. The gel-like clumps can crop up as a response to an injury and help stop potentially dangerous bleeding. However, harmful clots that spur on without a good reason could be extremely dangerous. Therefore, it’s imperative to minimise their risk. Worryingly, what you put into your body could lay the groundwork for harmful blood clots. Nona Ozerianskaya, Consultant Dietitian at Benenden Hospital, part of Benenden Health, said: “In order to reduce the risk of developing blood clots, it is important that people maintain a healthy lifestyle and stick to a healthy, balanced diet where possible. “Those that often consume foods, which are high in sugar, saturated fat and trans fatty acids, such as sugary drinks, margarine, cakes, biscuits, puddings, deep-fried foods and processed foods are increasing their risk of developing blood clots.” Apart from all of these pesky foods, the expert added that hydrogenated, processed oils “should be avoided”. READ MORE: Five sensations indicative of a 'dangerous' blood clot in the leg - 'get help' The food industry began to use hydrogenated oils because they offer long shelf life while keeping their costs low. Oils like vegetable and sunflower are liquid at room temperature but hydrogenation makes oils more solid or spreadable. These types of oils are most commonly found in ultra-processed foods that are packed with saturated fat, which can increase your cholesterol levels. From margarine to shortening and fried foods to coffee creamers, hydrogenated oils are hidden in a variety of foods. Don't miss... The milk to have for breakfast to reduce blood sugar levels [INFORMER] Five sensations indicative of a 'dangerous' blood clot in the leg [LATEST] Botched weight loss surgery leaves woman's stomach 'like concrete' [INSIGHT] If you want to identify the culprits, reading food labels and ingredient lists could help - scan the black print for the word “hydrogenated”. The reason why these oils can increase your risk of blood clots comes down to oxidative stress. Hydrogenated oils increase the production of free radicals, triggering inflammation in your body and blood vessels, according to Ozerianskaya. All of these processes can pave the way to blood clots and other health problems. READ MORE: Four drinks recommended by an eye doctor to reduce 'profound loss of vision' Fortunately, not all foods have a bad reputation. In fact, some choices could help reduce the amount of inflammation in your body and consequently lower your risk. Ozerianskaya said: “While there is no specific anti-inflammatory diet, the traditional ‘Mediterranean diet’ has been associated with lower overall mortality, cardiovascular mortality, a decreased incidence of stroke, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, and cancers. “A Mediterranean diet emphasises choices such as olive oil, nuts, fruits, leafy green vegetables, and fatty fish. “These foods offer nutrients, such as vitamins, minerals, polyphenols, and antioxidants that directly lower inflammation. “Polyphenols in the diet may also help to improve blood pressure, insulin resistance, and systemic inflammation.” The dietitian recommended incorporating the following to your diet: Furthermore, you should also drink plenty of water because the NHS explains that avoiding dehydration can minimise your risk of the gel-like clumps.