After a three-week hiatus, Blue Bloods finally returned to CBS with the highly anticipated Collision Course. As viewers watched the Reagan family’s complicated lives unfold, many were shocked to see Anthony Abetemarco (played by Steve Shrippa) and Erin Reagan (Bridget Moynahan) go their separate ways. Friday’s episode saw Erin take the next steps towards her district attorney hopes by having lunch with Bobbi Gallo (Alison Fraser). As Erin needed Bobbi’s endorsement, she invited Anthony as her close friend to join them. Although he initially declined her invitation, Anthony saw her excitement and agreed to join the lunch meeting. During their conversation, Bobbi made it clear she was tired of backing people who got nowhere once they were in office and confirmed her endorsement would lead to a win. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air Despite this Erin was uncertain about announcing her campaign and leaving her day job. Bobbi then gave Erin an ultimatum, she wanted her to get rid of Anthony in exchange for an endorsement. The politician then warned Anthony’s family wouldn’t like the attacks coming if he was a part of Erin’s team. As a result, Anthony decided to transfer to another bureau, but with the threat of the dynamic duo parting ways, fans took to Twitter in an uproar.   @RandallMurrain fumed: “Oh HELL NAH you are not coming for Anthony!!!” A second viewer @tammys85 pleaded: “Please don't separate Erin and Anthony.” @DJRiter added: “Don’t listen to the politicians Erin! Go with your gut! You need Anthony to watch your back!” A shocked @LauraDawson72 tweeted: “The f**k??! Anthony put in for a transfer??! Nooooo!!!!” DON'T MISS...Star Trek Picard pays touching tribute to late original star [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods' Danny and Baez victim of crushing car crash in sneak peek [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods' Tom Selleck sparks meltdown with Magnum PI reunion [REACTION]  @HessThe stated: “NO NO We don't want Anthony to leave!!!!” A fifth fan @Dueler312 shared: “Bobbi wants Anthony out of there. That means Bobbi needs to go.” While @Dueler312 speculated: “Oh. Bobbi and Anthony have a past with each other.” Bobbi claimed Anthony’s past as a former NYPD detective was the reason she wanted him to go.  Fans have long feared, Erin’s campaign could result in her and Anthony drifting apart. This was teased in February after Anthony went to Erin’s office bearing late Christmas gifts, and admitted he was getting ready to say goodbye. “I don’t like goodbyes,” he tells her. “So when one’s coming, I make myself celebrate it instead of getting all mopey.” Although Erin insisted she wasn't going anywhere, he hit back: “Your campaign announcement is just around the corner, and when that happens, you are out of here.” Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA. 