Roberto Firmino has reportedly attracted the interest of Major League Soccer clubs following Friday's announcement that he will leave Liverpool at the end of the season - and Cristiano Ronaldo's Saudi side Al-Nassr also like the attacker. The Brazilian international's decision to depart Anfield this summer has alerted teams across the globe. In his Caught Offside column, journalist Ben Jacobs noted that MLS side Atlanta United have previously looked into signing Firmino ahead of the upcoming transfer window. But Al-Nassr - who recently signed Ronaldo after his exit from Manchester United - also like the South American player. "Al Nassr are interested and are also looking at PSG’s Sergio Ramos, which shows the type of stars they want to bring in alongside [Cristiano] Ronaldo," he revealed. "Inter are another club to watch. And there have been links with Galatasaray. MLS clubs, including Atlanta United, have historically considered Firmino, knowing as he hits his early thirties a move may be possible. "But even six months ago the feedback they received was he still could extend at Liverpool. That tells you Firmino’s decision was not made lightly and now Atlanta have added Giorgos Giakoumakis from Celtic. I still think Firmino can go and join a big Champions League club. I am told Atletico Madrid is one to watch." While Atlanta United might now be out of the race for Firmino following their January acquisition of Giorgos Giakoumakis from Celtic, many top sides in MLS could still be interested in signing the Liverpool fan favourite, with the division now in a position to lure such a player. MLS sides aren’t alone in their interest for Firmino, though, with Atletico Madrid also said to be chasing the 31-year-old forward, as well as Saudi side Al-Nassr. However, it is unlikely that the striker will make the move to the Middle East at this stage of his career. Indeed, signing for a club in America’s top flight could be an interesting option for Firmino, with interest in MLS football growing each year. European clubs are also sure to register an interest in Firmino the closer we get to the summer transfer window, with Atletico Madrid and Inter Milan both exciting destinations. Yet some of Europe’s biggest names are now taking their talents to America, with Lorenzo Insigne surprising everyone by signing for Toronto FC last summer from Napoli. And Firmino could become the next high-profile European player who can become a poster boy for the rapidly-growing American league.