Erik ten Hag's silence on Marcus Rashford's contract situation is telling as Manchester United fans sweat over the forward's future. And the newly-introduced 'Cristiano Ronaldo rule' could contribute to an Old Trafford exit as Ten Hag looks to stamp out a jealousy culture in his dressing room. In January, when Rashford was strongly linked with a move to Paris Saint-Germain, the Dutchman remained tight-lipped about the forward's contract talks. He said: "This team is constructed so that his [Rashford's] qualities come in front, so I think he knows that he is important for us if we want to get the success we want. "We need him. I can't answer [about his contract] because it's confidential, about talks between clubs and players. "But I think he understands Manchester United is his club first, and also, in this environment, this team, he's playing his best football." Ten Hag's approach to addressing the matter is typical of a manager protecting the club in contract negotiations. Despite Rashford nearing the final 12 months of his United contract, there is no doubt among a large section of the fanbase that he will eventually commit his future to his boyhood club. Read more... Antony embarrassed as failed promise to Casemiro emerges in footage [NEWS] Ten Hag's silence is a telling indicator that the Red Devils may be hard at work behind the scenes to tie Rashford down in M16 beyond 2024. However, it doesn't change the precarious state of play. Rashford's deal is winding down, and the Dutchman's refusal to speak in detail won't help soothe the anxiety about the 25-year-old. He has been the most prolific forward in Europe since the World Cup and is enjoying the best goalscoring season of his career. And the No 10 will likely want an increase on his current £200,000-a-week wage to reflect his status in Ten Hag's plans. However, reports claim the United boss doesn't want any player earning over that amount on new contracts to ensure one star isn't pocketing substantially more than others. Don't miss... Football news LIVE - Man Utd face nervy wait, Liverpool eye £62m deal [BLOG] Man Utd coach McClaren ‘using Dutch accent again’ as details emerge [NEWS] Man Utd boss Ten Hag left eating humble pie after Casemiro warning [COMMENT] It's been labelled the 'Ronaldo rule' after the Portuguese icon's staggering salary became a serious issue in the dressing room before his November departure. David de Gea must also reduce his £375,000-a-week wage to stay at Old Trafford beyond this summer. But United may have to make an exception to keep Rashford on their books as he starts to realise his sky-high potential. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we've got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.