NBA megastar Ja Morant has been suspended from the Memphis Grizzlies for 'at least two games' after he allegedly brandished a gun on Instagram live on Friday night as he partied with friends at a nightclub. Morant posed topless in a venue reported to be a strip club in Memphis. Morant played in the Grizzlies' loss against the Denver Nuggets and then was out with friends, but looked to show a gun in his hands just days after being accused of assaulting a teen last summer and brandishing a gun at them. A statement from the team read: "The Memphis Grizzlies announced today that Ja Morant will be away from the team for at least the next two games." Morant's live stream ended soon after he looked to have shown the gun in his hands, but it had been clipped by fans and posted on Twitter almost immediately. It didn't take long for the NBA to comment, with spokesman Mike Bass saying: "We are aware of a social media post involving Ja Morant and are investigating." This latest video caps off an eventful week for Morant, with the Washington Post alleging this week that the 2019 second overall draft pick had assaulted a 17-year-old male, an incident his agent claimed was self-defence. Morant's representative, Jim Tanner of Tandem Sports, also denied accusations the player hade brandished a gun during the altercation, which allegedly occurred at Morant's multi-million dollar mansion. Tanner said in a statement: "Any and every allegation involving a firearm has been fully investigated and could not be corroborated. This includes the NBA investigation last month, in which they found no evidence. "The July 26th incident was purely self-defence. Again, after this was fully investigated by law enforcement, they came to the decision not to charge Ja with any crime. Any of the dozens of witnesses will confirm Ja acted in self-defence and that he did not have a firearm. "Ja is a family-first man who loves giving back to his community. He's an extremely talented athlete. It's disturbing that unsubstantiated rumours and gossip are being put out by people motivated to tear Ja down and tarnish his reputation for their own personal gain."The 23-year-old, just days later after the Washington Post report was released, then celebrated during a Grizzlies gun with what looked to be a gun celebration, something he was heavily criticised for.  Express Sport has contacted Ja Morant's agent for comment on the alleged Instagram video.