WARNING - THIS ARTICLE CONTAINS IMAGES SOME MAY FIND DISTRESSING A mum-of-two has lost both her legs and will need to have most of her fingers amputated after being taken ill with flu-like symptoms. Julianna Bransden was feeling under the weather on Christmas Day but did not let this stop her from enjoying the festive celebrations with her mum, dad, siblings and children.    But during the Christmas period, they got the devastating news that Mrs Bransden’s aunt, who lives in Northern Ireland, fell ill on Christmas Eve and unexpectedly died of sepsis a few days later. After being rocked by learning about their loved one’s death, Mrs Bransden’s own condition rapidly deteriorated. On New Year’s Eve, the 44-year-old had flu-like symptoms and was "stuck in bed" resting. But the very next day her condition went dramatically downhill. Jac Burgess, Julianna's sister, told LancsLive that her sibling's condition was a lot worse than the family were expecting, with Julianna's husband, Tim saying she "could not lift her head off the pillow" and that his wife hadn't been able to check her phone for over a day. The primary school teacher also said that she didn't feel as though she could "sit in A&E for six to eight hours" or even get in the car. As a result, her husband called 111 to get some advice on his wife's situation, with the call handlers advising her to get some rest, saying she was only on day two of having a fever and was young, fit and healthy.  But Mr Bransden instinctively called an ambulance for his wife that arrived at their home in South Wales within five minutes. Ms Burgess said: "The doctors told us after that Julianna's body was basically compensating for her and had hidden how bad and ill she really was. "She's young and healthy but suddenly fell off a cliff. In a timeframe of 30 minutes, her heart had stopped twice." Within two hours of Mrs Bransden being admitted to hospital her mum got a call from the medics who explained that she has sepsis and will need to be on a ventilator. As a result, she spent 66 days in intensive care being treated for septic shock and organ failure. Ms Burgess added: "They said Julianna was in a 10-litre hydration deficit and was in septic shock. “When she first went into hospital, she was so dehydrated they said that her lips looked like if you touched them, they would have cracked completely." Doctors found that Julianna had aggressive pneumonia, influenza and invasive Strep A on the day she was admitted. At 9pm that evening, the family was told she may not make it through the night. READ MORE: AA demand extension to fuel duty cut for another year  Ms Burgess said: "There was a nurse there that had been working for eight years, one for 22 and another for 10 and they all said they've never seen a patient crash that dramatically. Mrs Bransden, who lives in Narberth, Pembrokeshire, was admitted to Withybush Hospital in Haverfordwest with her sister describing the staff as "phenomenal". In total, she has spent more than two months in the intensive care unit, being given one-on-one, around-the-clock care and full life support. After weeks of fighting for her life, she awoke with severe damage to her hands and feet, and had to have both of her legs amputated below the knee. She will also have to lose most of her fingers, as they have been severely affected by the sepsis. Ms Burgess added: "We were just desperately praying that she would just survive. I think with sepsis, people just think you either die or you survive. "But with Julianna's condition, we want to raise awareness that it's not just being in hospital and being a life or death situation." "We're now very confident that she's coming home. Her character as well, she's determined she's not going anywhere." After being in the induced coma, when she woke up doctors wanted Mrs Bransden to try and communicate with them and on the first day they tried having her blink to respond to questions.  Don't miss... Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [WATCH] Man freed after spending 18 years in prison despite botched ID [REPORT] Harry and Meghan 'odds on' to attend Coronation, bookies say [ANALYSIS] The following day a nurse told her family that she had Mrs Bransden had started talking, a milestone that usually takes patients at least five days. Ms Burgess said: "She's been scarily stoic and super resilient. “She's not just smiling for the pictures, she genuinely is. The only time she changed was when we were going through the Go Fund Me and she only got upset because I was upset. "She's doing so well, I just can't imagine what it's like to not even be able to have a good cry and wipe away your own tears. She's a superstar." Mrs Bransden has been a primary school teacher for the last 19 years and has two children, William, 11, and Emilia, 14. When she returns to her home she will be in a wheelchair and her family has set up a GoFundMe page to help raise funds for her home to be adapted, as well as to pay for her prosthetics and anything else she may need in the future. Her sister added: "She's got a long road ahead of her, rebuilding her muscles that have basically disappeared and finding new ways of using her hands. "She was a really good pianist, so she may not be able to do that again. But we are feeling incredibly blessed and thankful. “She's improving and that's something we never would have dreamed of a few weeks ago."  