Four-time Olympic gold medallist Sir Mo Farah has admitted he "can't sprint" after getting beaten by a dad wearing jeans in the parents' race at his children's sports day. Farah won his gold medals in the 5,000m and 10,000m track events at the 2012 Olympics in London and the 2016 Olympics in Brazil. However, despite his exploits as a long-distance runner, Farah was beaten by another parent in the 100m sprint race despite wearing his running spikes. The 39-year-old has four children with his wife Tania and she told the story in an appearance on the Performance People podcast alongside her husband. "Mo took part in the parents' race at sports day and came second, and the guy that won it was wearing jeans," she said. "The dad that won dined out on it for an entire school year. Mo's not a sprinter, that's what it is, the parents' race is always 100 metres. People just assume Mo can run fast, but his running fast is sustained running over many laps." JUST IN: What has happened to the Finnish skier that suffered a 'frozen penis' Mo then added: "I was like 'oh no,' and I had my spikes on, I thought 'I'm ready for this.' He was tagging me as well saying 'have some of that.' I can't sprint." Farah recently revealed that 2023 will be his final year competing as an elite athlete and that he plans to move into coaching once he retires. "This will probably be my last year," he admitted in January. "I'm not going to go to the Olympics and I've nothing left to prove. I'll do London [marathon] and see where I am. I'm not a spring chicken any more but I want to give myself one more shot and see what I can do. Don't miss... Female skiing pioneers celebrate 100 years in the snowy sport [LATEST] Should Olympics ban Russian and Belarusian athletes? [LATEST] Ukrainian tennis star urges Olympics to ban Russian athletes in plea [LATEST] "It's not long to go until I retire and when I do finally stop I'd love to show what you can do with hard work and grafting. I have my coaching licence and would love to go down that route and give back, particularly to British athletes. "When I started it was only me, now it's Laura Muir and a lot of British athletes coming through and taking the path I've taken. That legacy means a lot to me."