Manchester United legend Rio Ferdinand believes that Liverpool showed themselves as being a ‘small club’ by losing to Bournemouth over the weekend. The former defender spoke of how he believes it was incredibly poor for the Reds to go from winning 7-0 against United to slipping to that defeat in the space of a week. Liverpool appeared to get their season back on track earlier this month when they ran riot against the Red Devils at Anfield. However, they were unable to build on that victory and lost to then-bottom-of-table Bournemouth on Saturday. Philip Billing scored the all-important goal at the Vitality Stadium, with Jurgen Klopp’s side failing to muster up any clear-cut chances in open play. Liverpool were offered a lifeline when VAR awarded them a penalty after Adam Smith handled a header from Diogo Jota, but Mohamed Salah smashed his effort wide. Ferdinand has since taken aim at the Anfield outfit for going from heroes to zeroes, criticising Klopp’s side for being able to ‘get up for United’ and not the Bournemouth clash. He told his Five podcast: “That is a small club mentality. That screams small club.” Don't miss... Ronaldo shamed by Suarez, contract U-turn and bottle-kick fiasco [LATEST] The ex-England international then went on to criticise pundits Jamie Carragher and Graeme Souness for how they celebrated their former side’s 7-0 win previously. He continued: “The way Souness and Carragher were celebrating, the way they were trying to antagonise the guys [Roy Keane and Gary Neville], and then their team goes and does that at the weekend. “They should be ashamed of themselves.” The pair were vocal about the superiority of Liverpool on Sky Sports after the win, questioning claims that the nature of the defeat was ‘freak’. Don't miss... El Hadji Diouf at Liverpool - Gerrard fight, spitting, crazy parties [LATEST] Liverpool dealt Jude Bellingham blow as Real Madrid 'meeting' held [TRANSFER] Football news LIVE: Man Utd make Casemiro decision, Liverpool eye star [BLOG] Peter Crouch somewhat agreed with Ferdinand when he attempted to put reason to Liverpool’s quickfire loss of form – feeling that the Bournemouth fixture was ‘hard’ to get enthused about. He told BT Sport: “It’s easy to get up for a Manchester United game, it’s a lot harder to come to Bournemouth, bottom of the league, for the early kick-off. “100 per cent [it was] complacency, you saw it in a lot of the play. Some of the passes were sloppy, some of the defending was really lax – trying to play offside, doing the lazy things, not going with runners. We saw it with the goal – people switching off, not tracking back with the same intensity that they had last week. Top teams don’t play like that. Also a top, top team, when they come to Bournemouth, you expect them to have 20 shots on goal, have some cleared off the line, some luck here and there. But in all honesty, Bournemouth deserved it today.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE