Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) is known for being Emmerdale's chirpiest character who always has a positive outlook on life in the Yorkshire Dales. However, viewers have watched Paddy's personality significantly change in recent months as the vet started to sink into a deep depression. Paddy even contemplated taking his own life in heartbreaking scenes on the ITV soap which broke everyone's hearts. Paddy's loved ones have been rallying around him following his suicide attempt on the ITV soap. While he decided not to take his life, Paddy still has a long way to go to heal and he is finding the support a little overwhelming. Dominic, who has played Paddy since 1997, has been preparing for his character to hit rock bottom since last summer. He had to put himself in Paddy's shoes as the character's mental health battle unfolded within the scripts.  READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation The 52-year-old actor also spoke to various charities and organisations which specialise in mental health in recent months to channel Paddy's depression. Dominic told Express.co.uk and other media how much empathy he has for people struggling with their mental well-being. The modest star said of Paddy's suicide plan: "I just tried my best, I don’t know. "I couldn’t even let myself open a little door to the black dogs these people experience, it’s just, I was pretending.  Don't miss... Emmerdale's Paddy star details who helps him through tragic storyline [EXCLUSIVE] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [THEORY ] Emmerdale exit as beloved villager left for dead in horror kidnap  [LATEST] "The script and the dialogue were so good and the journey was so clear, it was almost easy to do." However, Dominic said he was able to "shake off" the emotion from acting out tragic scenes on his drive home each night. He said: "I felt supported but I had an hour’s drive home so I got the radio on and made sure I got some sleep that night. "I’m not suffering like that - I’m a stupid actor with a script in my hand.   "However, I was privileged and honoured to serve that story, however, it didn’t touch the sides for me because I know what it is like for someone to really go through that." Dominic worked with organisations like the Samaritans and Andy's Man Club to get a better understanding of people in Paddy's position. He shared: "I've been speaking to people where life has hit them so far from left field and nobody has asked for this. "It’s been really shocking and as I said before everyone who has come out the other side of it has said, ‘I’m glad I have spoken to someone’ or ‘I’m glad talking has saved me.'   "It’s blown the top of my head off, it’s really been incredible." Paddy is set to work on his recovery on Emmerdale and will start talking to his friends and family about his emotions in scenes yet to air. Dominic also hinted loveable Paddy starts to get his sense of humour back but stressed how there is no quick fix for his problems. Emmerdale airs on weeknights from 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. If you have been impact by Paddy's storyline, help is available via Samaritans.org. 