The next five episodes of the addictively dark drama have finally been released on Netflix this week, and many fans have already torn through the latest deep dive into Joe Goldberg’s (played by Penn Badgley) twisted psyche. You’s fourth season didn’t disappoint when it came to its latest shocking twists and reveals, but did everything really add up? Warning - the following article contains major spoilers for You season 4, part 2. Viewers have questioned the horrific reveal that Joe had actually been keeping Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle) trapped in his glass cage in London. At the start of the new season, You fans are led to believe Joe had followed his previous obsession to Paris before she gave him the slip. However, when the dark truth about Rhys Montrose (Ed Speleers) is revealed, Joe realises he has been the Eat the Rich Killer this whole time and hadn’t turned back on his old habits after all. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead The jaw-dropping twist has proved divisive amongst fans, with a number of them going online to air out their issues with some of the season’s more outlandish plot points. Redditor u/Halver_Rook posted: “So many insane leaps in logic. Joe drugged Marienne’s drink as she was walking to the train. IN PUBLIC. “We see her wobble right there on the train platform. Meaning she’s collapsing from the drugs in front of everyone. “But then the next shot she’s already tied up in Joe’s place. HOW’D HE MANAGE THAT?!” Not only did Joe manage to apprehend Marienne in one of the busiest cities in the world, but he also miraculously got her through the city back to his place in seemingly no time at all. Moreover, fans have once again questioned Joe’s almost supernatural ability to bring his signature glass cage with him wherever he goes. “How’d Joe get that insane cage all the way to London?” the post continued. “And he found a perfectly abandoned building or whatever the hell that place is conveniently across the street from Rhys’ favourite food spot.” Don't miss... Stormy Daniels teases For the Love of DILFs season 2 [EXCLUSIVE] FBI International promo teases Kellett’s deadly exit [VIDEO] Daisy Jones and the Six fans gush over Elvis tribute [REACTION] “And inside that abandoned building he can power and maintain that cage. Even the ceiling light above it!” Viewers were already dubious about Joe’s ability to rent out an expensive flat in Kensington on a part-time university professor’s salary. To add to his already lofty expenses, Joe also had to ship presumably the same glass box overseas, or at the very least build a brand new one in a very convenient hiding place. Over on Twitter, @LauraSimis said: “Please. You're trying to tell me Joe Goldberg shipped his glass cage internationally and had it installed in a different basement, on a TEACHER'S SALARY?” Exasperated fan @FilthyCapp added: “#YouNetflix that f*****g cage. Like it’s cool, but dear god.” And Redditor ValenciaM18 said: “I literally burst out laughing when I saw the cage. “It was just so ridiculous and I really didn’t think they’d do it again. Such a running gag.” While some viewers were thrilled to see Joe up to his old tricks again, You may have to mix things up a little more next time if a fifth season of his serial killer antics is in the works. You season 4, part 2 is available to stream on Netflix.