Looking good stems from feeling good, so if you have a haircut you particularly love and that makes you feel beautiful - stick with it. But for those who haven't got a clue what to do with their 'do, hairstylist and influencer Glam Girl Gabi shared her top anti-ageing haircut. Glam Girl Gabi told mature ladies that they should wear their hair in a way that's right for them, as there's no set standard on how women should "decorate" themselves. But if you're over 50 and aren't sure what to ask for on your next trip to the salon, what are some of the stylist's top suggestions? Glam Girl Gabi's first suggestion was to go for a blunt bob or blunt lob (long bob). This is categorised by a strong, un-layered baseline hitting the shoulders or above. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures  It's a pretty versatile look, can be longer, shorter or worn with or without a fringe. But why does this blunt cut suit over 50s when some experts out there recommend layers for older women? According to Gabi, a strong baseline of un-layered hair is "dense looking" and makes the hair appear "super thick - even if it's not". This is crucial as many older women may find that with age their hair becomes thinner and looks less full. Thinning hair and the fact there's now less of it on the scalp can make for a wispy, even brittle look. The hairstylist revealed that this ageing effect on the hair can make women feel "extraordinarily insecure". Creating that bluntness gives the illusion of thick, voluminous and healthy locks. She continued that thick hair is a "sign of youth" so "instinctively makes people assume that you are younger". READ MORE: Anti-ageing exercise which promises a 'completely new body'  Gabi said: "I don't know if you've ever had this experience where you saw someone from behind with super thick and luscious hair and you instantly thought they were 20 in your brain - and then they turned around and were clearly a more mature woman." "That totally happened to me when I was on vacation last week at the airport. I really thought this girl was like 20 and she must have been like 60 or 70." She concluded that if your hair is starting to feel thin, wispy or brittle, opt for a blunt bob on your next trip to the hair salon. It will "thicken it right up" and even give you an "instant facelift" without the hefty cost. In addition to Gabi's bob or lob haircut recommendation, women can also try boosting the thickness of their hair at home. Laying off the heated tools a little, using a volume thickening shampoo, popping on a moisturising hair mask or taking doctor-approved hair-boosting supplements are all options.