Frank Warren has confirmed that Daniel Dubois is back in training after suffering a horror injury in his last fight against Kevin Lerena. The Queensbury Promotions chief says that Dubois won’t be back in the ring until at least mid to late May. Dubois picked himself up off the canvas three times last time out against Lerena to stop the South African in the third round. After being caught on the top of the head by a vicious backhand, Dubois was sent tumbling to the canvas where he awkwardly fell on his knee. Despite appearing to clear his head instantly, Dubois struggled to keep his footing as he took a knee on two more occasions without receiving a telling blow. It was later confirmed that Triple D had torn his ACL and initial estimates suggested that he wouldn’t be able to train for at least six months. However, Warren has revealed to Express Sport that the Brit will be back in action soon. “I spoke to him a couple of days ago, he’s well and he’s back into training. Because of Tyson and Joe Joyce coming up we won’t have a date for him probably until mid to late May,” he said. “Well, it depends what happens with Usyk vs Fury, if we can’t get it on by April 29 then he will be fighting Usyk.” Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk are currently in negotiations to face each other on April 29 at Wembley Stadium. Organisers had initially hoped to stage the fight overseas in Saudi Arabia. However, representatives from the Kingdom informed promoters that their new state-of-the-art stadium in Jeddah – which was set to be the venue for the historic event – wouldn’t be ready until November. As a result, Wembley was booked in for the springtime with new contracts drawn up for the undisputed bout. Both parties are currently going back and forth over multiple terms, chiefly the purse splits, with Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk refusing to budge on anything less than a 50-50 split of the prize pot. MORE BOXING NEWS... KSI takes fresh swipe at Paul as Fury PPV numbers released Wilder gives clear answer on Hearn link up to help make Joshua fight Paul's new £207,000 tattoo mysteriously disappears before Fury loss If the four-belt shoot-out can’t be made next month then it is understood that Fury will box an alternative opponent on the same date, similar to when his December showdown with Anthony Joshua fell through. Providing this does happen then Dubois, who is Usyk’s WBA mandatory, will be ordered to square off against the Ukrainian. But Warren is hoping it doesn’t come to this. “The negotiations have been very drawn out and long which has been frustrating. There are still a few issues to iron out yet,” he continued when discussing how close Fury vs Usyk is to being finalised. “If it’s going to happen it will happen on April 29, but we will have to wait and see. Tyson will want to fight on that date and I’m hoping we don’t have to go down the route of finding him an alternative opponent.” 