This week, Women Against State Pension Inequality (WASPI) launched a new appeal as the next step for their campaign. The group is set to mount a High Court judicial review against the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s (PHSO) handling of complaints around the state pension age change. WASPI women argue they were not provided with ample notice about the state pension age rising from 60 to 65, and then to 66, and say they have suffered financially and emotionally as a result. Several women took their complaints to the PHSO, however, WASPI has taken issue with the way the case is progressing. The campaign group is now calling for further support to fund a proposed legal challenge on the matter. Taking to social media, WASPI said: “We can’t help but notice the overwhelming majority of those who pledge themselves to our case are women, rightly and powerfully, taking action to get justice for themselves. READ MORE: Britons given more time to boost state pension “But if there’s a man in our life, he will know just how much the lack of notice of the change to our state pension age has affected our lives, and quite possibly his life too.” The campaign explained WASPI women are the “wives, partners, aunts, sisters and cousins” of men, urging them to help. It added: “Come on men! Please donate and support the WASPI women as we seek a judicial review.” In 2021, the PHSO found the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) was “inadequate” in its communication of female state pension age changes - but the investigation is still ongoing. DON'T MISSPensioners with arthritis or joint pain could get up to £407 [LATEST]State pension will undergo six key changes from next month [INSIGHT]Pensioners may be able to secure 12 'freebies', discounts and top-ups [UPDATE] However, WASPI argues there are “inconsistencies” in the Ombudsman’s investigation as it maintains the PHSO has “failed to follow due process”. In 2021, the PHSO concluded there was maladministration on the part of the DWP, stating: “We consider that, if DWP had made a reasonable decision in August 2005 and then acted promptly, it would have written to affected women to tell them about changes to their state pension age by, at the latest, December 2006.” However, WASPI stated the Ombudsman “appears to believe” most women would have not received the letters until much later - and argue this would have been “too late” for most to make different decisions about their retirement. Consequently, WASPI states the Ombudsman is “mistaken” about the impact maladministration had on WASPI women. The fundraising campaign continues, but at the time of writing, some £78,530 had been raised, with 4,943 pledges according to the Crowdjustice website. A number of men have shared their thoughts, and reasons for donation, on the appeal page. One man named Barry said: “This is for my wife, and every woman fighting for justice.” David stated: “I recently lost my partner of 16 years, and have always felt that had she been able to retire at the age of 60, she may have had more time to enjoy her retirement to spend with family and friends.” Tony remarked: “This is a great piece of work on an important issue.” Paul added: “My wife was seriously affected by this decision, and as such we had to downsize so she could retire at 60.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea A PHSO spokesperson this week told Express.co.uk they are currently considering what action the DWP should have taken, to put right the injustice found. The spokesperson said: “We have shared provisional views with complainants, their MPs and DWP. Once we have considered further evidence we will publish a full report on our findings.” A DWP spokesperson added: “The Government decided over 25 years ago that it was going to make the state pension age the same for men and women as a long-overdue move towards gender equality. “Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP, under successive governments dating back to 1995, and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal."