Daniil Medvedev appeared to make a dig at Stefanos Tsitsipas after winning the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships. The world No 7 and the Greek star have been feuding since their fiery Miami clash in 2018 and Medvedev reignited the beef as he slammed Tsitsipas' recent comments about Andrey Rublev, defending his countryman and backing him to beat Tsitsipas "many, many times". Medvedev defeated good friend and countryman Rublev 6-2 6-2 to lift his third title in three weeks at the Dubai Championships. Both men were in good spirits after the match, as the 25-year-old paid tribute to his conqueror before Medvedev returned the kind words. And the world No 7 used his victory speech to take aim at Tsitsipas for a comment the world No 3 made about Rublev during the 2022 ATP Finals, where he claimed the 25-year-old "prevailed with the few tools that he has" after losing their round-robin match which determined who advanced to the semi-final. "First of all I would like to congratulate Andrey on great week, as he said the second round was not easy for him and he managed to make it to the final," Medvedev started, before addressing Tsitsipas' remark. "I don't think I could be that deep as he was here with the mic," he said, referencing Rublev's kind words towards him in his own speech. "But I just wanna say that I remember not long ago one player said that he has just a few weapons and I was reading this interview, I was like ‘How can you say this?’" JUST IN: Fritz rushes for sick bucket mid-match as star chunders on court  The 18-time title winner then backed Rublev to defeat the Greek player after hearing his comments, continuing: "In my opinion Andrey is one of the most skillful players on the tour, he just didn't exploit fully his potential yet. But I’m sure that he can win Grand Slams. Hopefully he can beat this guy who said it many many times, I wish you this for sure." Medvedev continued to praise his compatriot, adding: "And I just also want to say that of course I feel like people start to know it, that Andrey is probably the kindest person on tour but I just want to say this out loud so everyone knows it." But the world No 6 appeared to disagree, jokingly shouting out: "That's a big lie." The newly-crowned Dubai champion's words came after Rublev explained what a champion Medvedev was given his background. "Daniil destroyed me tonight," the tournament's second seed joked after losing 6-2 6-2. "Only four games. I don't know how he's doing that, three titles in a row. It''s my first final of the season I told him and I'm completely destroyed and he won three titles in a row." DON'T MISSDjokovic 'denied US entry by Homeland Security' as Biden request madeNovak Djokovic gets Grand Slam support in bid to overturn US banDjokovic discusses end of Nadal's 18-year streak as showdown addressed Rublev then became more serious as he shared some kind words for his long-time friend that he admitted he hadn't said to Medvedev before. "I think I've never said this to Daniil face to face but I have huge, huge respect for him and to be honest, he’s a real champion and real inspiration for the players." Explaining how Medvedev had never complained about having less financial help than other players as a junior, he added: "Because obviously we know each other since we were kids and Daniil didn't have much financial help or power and I never hear from him never that he was unlucky or that he doesn't have like other players financial help or something, he always was just working hard and he proved that he’s a real champion." After being thanked for his words and told that Medvedev would appreciate it, the Dubai runner-up joked: "I don't know, maybe he didn't like it. You cry a bit? Already?" as the champion pretended to cry in response.