While it’s common for most people to sell revamped cars, it's uncommon for them to bump up the car’s value to thousands of dollars. But American Picker star Mike Wolfe has done just that, and fans aren't happy with him. American Pickers host Mike Wolfe has been blasted for selling an old race car at a “steep” price despite the car being worse for wear. The 1959 Chevrolet Corvette was first shown to fans on the show last month, where Wolfe originally bought it for £10,000. And now in an Instagram post the star tried to flog the car off to one of his 473k Instagram followers. Wolfe shared a video, which is now believed to have been deleted, of the former grey race car, which was covered in rust and was in need of a set of new wheels. The 58-year-old told his fans: "We are trying to sell this car. The car was just on the show less than a month ago." Whilst showing off a large crack in the car's body panel, he added: "The only real issue is here." He later explained they had bought the car from a racing car company based in the town of Freedom in Pennsylvania. In a bid to win buyers over, Wolfe said it came with an extra set of tires and added they had tried to improve the vehicle by touching up the original lettering on the side. The American Pickers star concluded: "Just a really clean, old drag car that's got some history." However, fans weren't sold on the car, slamming the star for his "steep" price tag. One user commented: Another added: "$10K is way too steep for something that doesn't run and needs major body work." A second added: "I sold my 57 for 375 and it was a nice car. Not a beat-up mess." Whilst another wrote: "What a [piece of s**t]. $2K is the most you can get to use it as a flower pot," a third claimed, while another user remarked: "That needs a lot!" Whilst fans weren't impressed by Wolfe’s former 1959 Chevrolet Corvette drag race car, the star has recently received a lot of attention for his vast car collection. While some have pointed out its incredible valuation, worth around $243,000, the rarity and unique vehicles featured in the collection are definitely something to admire. One vehicle being a 1947 Hudson pickup truck, one of the rarest models of a truck in America's extensive automotive history. While it's unclear what condition the pickup was in, some examples of the same or similar model have sold for over $85,000 at auction. Although Wolfe has a taste for utility vehicles there is another type of vehicle that makes his collection even more extraordinary. He’s also keen on motorbikes, like his 2021 Indian motorcycle, which has been highly respected thanks to its performance bike industry. But Wolfe’s 1932 Ford Roadster Real Henry Ford Steel probably wins the title for the most exciting vehicle in his collection. American Pickers is streaming on Peacock in the US. 