New research from Value Lights has found that leaving just one lamp (100W bulb) on overnight could be costing Britons £112 a year. With 11 percent of the average UK household’s energy bills spent on lighting, making smart changes, like switching to LED bulbs could save someone £106 per year for every bulb. Whether people sleep with the hallway light on, keep a table lamp on through the night or have a habit of forgetting to turn off their living room lamp, they could be wasting up to £112 per year for every bulb they leave on overnight. With household energy bills expected to rise even higher in April, unsurprisingly, almost three-quarters of people living in the UK are looking for ways to reduce their energy usage. Aside from heating, Britons often consider kitchen appliances and tech gadgets to be the most consuming element of our energy bills. However, lighting experts revealed that leaving lamps on overnight could be costing someone the most. READ MORE: Yorkshire Building Society launches new ISA savings accounts - savers get up to 4 percent How much more does leaving a light on overnight compare to other household appliances? Referred to as the “Phantom Load”, the electricity used by other devices and appliances while in standby mode has become a focus for people looking to reduce their energy bills. However, this cost seems insignificant when compared to the energy consumed by leaving a light on: Appliance - Yearly overnight total Julia Barnes, head of buying at Value Lights said: “Making the swap to LED bulbs is the smart choice for anyone looking to lower their electricity bill as they consume only a fraction of energy in comparison to traditional incandescent bulbs. Don't miss... Women over 50 risk losing out on over £50,000 in retirement [LATEST] Pensioner DWP benefit payments will increase from April [UPDATE] Dragons' Den cast 'made the wrong decision - business worth £22.5m [VIDEO] “In fact, our research shows making this switch could save you up to £106 per bulb, on your annual energy bill. “The best way to figure out how much electricity the bulbs in your lights use is by converting the wattage to kilowatts. "For example, a 100W light bulb would require 0.1kW an hour, or 34p an hour. “Over the course of one year, this would mean that leaving a single bulb on overnight would amount to an extra £112 on your energy bill! “100W bulbs are now being phased out of supply, however, the standard 60W incandescent bulb found in your bedside table lamp or your living room floor lamp could still be costing you £65.75 for every light left on overnight.” She explained that whilst simply flicking all the light switches off before going to bed is the obvious way to cut this cost, switching to LED bulbs will save people money in the long run and pay off beyond bedtime. Look at the energy efficiency ratingJulia said: “As of 2021, all new bulbs are now rated from A to G, with A being the most efficient. It’s important to note that very few products will receive this A rating - generally, ratings of a D or above are considered as energy-efficient options. Keep this scale in mind when shopping for light bulbs!” Opt for a lower wattageShe said: “The lower the wattage, the less electricity a light bulb will use and the lower your energy consumption will be! As long as the lumens level matches your requirements for brightness, opt for the lowest wattage available.” Install a dimmer switchShe said: “If your light bulbs are compatible with dimmer switches, this could be a good option to reduce your daily energy consumption. “Modern dimmer switches have been designed to reduce the flow of electricity passed to your bulb - dimming your LED will use less energy than the same LED at full brightness. “Not only does this make them more energy efficient but this also increases their lifespan.”