TUI is giving you the chance to win an unforgettable weekend in Barcelona immersing yourself in Gaudí's architectural gems. Best of all you'll enjoy an exclusive money can’t buy concert by Spain's foremost choral ensemble in the awe-inspiring atmosphere of the Sagrada Família.    A weekend for two in Barcelona from the March 25-27 with flights* and accommodation included, a pair of tickets for a TUI collection experience and two concert tickets to the money-can’t buy event in the atmospheric surroundings of Sagrada Familia on March 26.    For your chance to win, simply answer the question below and fill in your details. The closing date for entries is 23:59pm on Friday March 10, 2023.  Terms and Conditions: This competition closes at 23:59 on Friday March 10, 2023. The first correct entry selected at random after the closing date will win a 2-night weekend break to Barcelona from March 25-27, 2023 in a minimum 3-star property, with flights from either London Gatwick, London Luton or Bristol. The winner will be contacted within 3 days of the competition closing. Prize also includes 2 concert tickets to the Sagrada Familia concert on 26th March. Concert tickets will be sent to the winner digitally. Dates cannot be transferred or exchanged. Multiple entries will be disqualified. Automated entries, bulk entries or third-party entries will be disqualified. If we have not received any communication from the winner within 3 days of the notification email, we will draw another winner. The prize is non-transferable. The winner's contact details will only be used to ensure that prizes can be received. This competition is open to UK residents only. Entrants must be 18 or over. Standard competition rules apply, see more info. Sagrada event conditions: The ticket must be presented to the staff if requested. It is prohibited to manipulate or modify the data listed on the ticket and resale it and/or falsify it. Any alteration or suspected falsification ticket authorises the organiser to deny access to its owner. The organiser reserves the right to control and restrict access and attendance of the people who manifest/perform behaviours that may be harmful or may affect the safety of other attendees, participants and their staff and/or the normal development of the celebration. Smoking is not allowed and access to the venue with drinks or food is forbidden. The celebration will be streamed and can be viewed later on Sagrada Familia’s website and/or its organisers. According to the current regulations on data protection, we inform you of the treatment of your personal data. Responsible: Junta Constructora Del Temple Expiatori De La Sagrada Família Foundation. Purpose: recording of events held in the Basilica merely for informative purposes. Rights: access, rectify and delete data, as well as other rights, as explained in the additional information. You can consult the additional and detailed information here.  