Beloved British confectionary brand Cadbury is offering up stacks of cash to customers in a new competition. Chocoholics have between now and May 14, 2023 to enter and be eligible to win. Cadbury has partnered with Nitin Ganatra – former EastEnders star turned shopkeeper - to reward Cadbury customers and the shopkeepers that keep our bellies full all year round. The competition is called the Big Win-Win and successful entrants can either go home with £500 or £1,000. Their nominated local corner shop will also win the same amount of money. Those interested in winning big can enter simply by purchasing one of the classic Cadbury chocolate bars, including Wispa, Wispa Gold and Cadbury Dairy Milk bars (marked with the Big Win-Win logo) and entering the competition on the back of the bar. READ MORE: James Martin's puff pastry apple pies are 'easy' and 'delicious' Scan the QR code on your Cadbury bar or visit www.bigwinwin.cadbury.co.uk to complete an online entry. The first phase of the Big Win-Win competition began on February 27 and will close on May 14, 2023 at 11:59pm. For those who don't get a chance to earn a cash prize during one of Cadbury's 'Winning Moments', the second phase of the contest will also offer a cash prize. If you don't win during the first phase, you can still be in with a chance of winning the wrap-up prize draw, which will run between 12:01am on May 15, 2023 and 11:59pm on August 15, 2023. Don't miss... The five star signs that are great with money  [ASTROLOGY] Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  [PICTURES] In the first phase, there are 50 £1,000 prizes and 50 £500 prizes up for grabs, and if you do win the same amount also goes to your nominated local shop. The wrap-up prize draw consists of a £250 cash prize for yourself and your corner shop. But why is Cadbury so keen on rewarding local corner shops in their last competition? New research by Cadbury has found that corner store workers are the unsung heroes of communities and that local shops are absolute life-savers when it comes to necessities. READ MORE: James Martin's dauphinoise potatoes are the ultimate comfort food The research found that that nine in 10 Brits (90 percent) shop at local corner stores and visit them roughly twice a week. What's more, almost three quarters (72 percent) said their corner store has saved their day by being open when other stores weren’t. Victoria Grzymek, Cadbury Brand Manager, explained: "The people behind the counters that we visit each day are such an important part of our every day. They show appreciation for our custom and give us a lift whenever we may need it most. "Our research even showed that 64 percent agree their local corner store worker puts a smile on people’s face. "We are so excited to launch the Big Win-Win competition, to shine a light on the owners and workers of corner shops and give people the opportunity to win a cash prize for both themselves, and their local corner store too. "With true generosity at its core, the campaign shows how much we care about these important cornerstones of British society and that there really is a glass and a half in all of us." Cadbury is working in partnership with former EastEnders star Nitin Ganatra OBE, who has been helping out behind the counter at his brother’s corner shop in Coventry. The actor stated: "From my time shopping in Minute Mart on EastEnders to turning my focus to my family’s own newsagents, I can vouch that these stores are often taken for granted yet often are our saviours. "I’m delighted to be working with Cadbury to champion and thank corner shops. A gesture of appreciation can make someone’s day, so I’m asking the nation to spark up a conversation with their local corner shop owner next time they pop in for a pint of milk, ask their name and get to know them."