Manchester United have reportedly joined Chelsea in attempting to hijack Borussia Dortmund's interest in Daichi Kamada this summer. The Eintracht Frankfurt midfielder is out of contract in July and is attracting Premier League interest on a free transfer. United apparently enquired about Kamada's availability in the January transfer window as Erik ten Hag scoured the market for budget attacking reinforcements. He eventually landed on a short loan for Burnley striker Wout Weghorst, with Kamada remaining in Germany beyond the winter deadline. But the 26-year-old seems destined to depart Frankfurt as a free agent at the end of the season after entering the final four months of his contract. And according to the Mail, he has a verbal agreement with Bundesliga rivals Borussia Dortmund. However, it is said that numerous clubs, including United and Chelsea, are attempting to change his mind and opt for a Premier League move instead. United's continued attempts to lure him to England may indicate that Ten Hag is looking to strengthen his options in attacking midfield. Read more... Man Utd and Liverpool have perfect chance to pounce as Ajax trio push [TRANSFERS] Kamada can also play on the wing, a role in which Bruno Fernandes has operated under his regime this season. And amid reports that United figures, including players, are growing 'irritated' of Fernandes' persistent diving and moaning on the pitch, his status could be under threat. After Sunday's 7-0 defeat at Liverpool, Martin Keown claimed that if the 28-year-old can't change his ways, Ten Hag must remove him from his project as he attempts to return United to former glories. He told talkSPORT: "I think I would have to say to him, 'stop feigning injuries, stop looking for advantages. It's going against us.' Don't miss... Man Utd stars told to fully refund fans at Anfield for Liverpool loss [NEWS] Man Utd chiefs 'have same concern' about signing De Jong or Bellingham [TRANSFERS] Casemiro facing Man Utd suspension threat again in blow for Ten Hag [NEWS] "As a neutral watching that, you look at some of the players' reactions. It's not the same situation as rugby union or rugby league. I think you can actually say it [to a captain]. "It's very contrasting. Roy Keane must be watching that, and his [Fernandes'] behaviour is so much opposite to what Roy Keane was. "It's annoying but is that the modern-day player? He is far from perfect, he can change, and Ten Hag has to try to, and if he can't, then he has to go." Kamada would likely act as competition for Fernandes rather than a replacement, as the Portuguese playmaker continues to be a crucial player for Ten Hag. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here