 The disgraced South Carolina lawyer was found guilty for murdering his 52-year-old wife and 22-year-old son. While on the stand, Murdaugh, 54, admitted to lying and stealing but tearfully denied the murders.  Murdaugh murdered his wife Margaret by shooting her four or five times with a rifle outside dog kennels on their rural Colleton County property in South Carolina. That same day, on June 7, the lawyer, from a well-known and wealthy family, shot his 22-year-old son Paul twice with a shotgun. Prosecutors said Murdaugh killed his wife and son in a failed effort to keep his longtime embezzlement of millions of dollars from being exposed. He will now be sentenced to 30 years to life in jail, without parole. READ MORE: Two-year-old dead after ‘reckless’ dad leaves him in car When he gave evidence in the Walterboro, South Carolina, courtroom, the ex-lawyer tearfully denied harming his family, claiming he was asleep when they were attacked. He said: "I would never hurt Maggie, and I would never hurt Paul - ever - under any circumstances." Alex Murdaugh was known as a well-connected player in South Carolina. Three generations of the Murdaugh family, including Alex Murdaugh’s father, served as the top prosecutor in South Carolina’s 14th Judicial Circuit. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'got what they wanted' amid Frogxit eviction [UPDATE]Harry and Meghan ‘more punchline then rich’ expert says [INSIGHT]Matt Hancock's team asked if they could “lock up” Nigel Farage [REVEAL]    Judge Clifton Newman stated he will wait for a later date to sentence Alex Murdaugh "given the lateness of the hour and the victims’ rights that must be taken into consideration". While on the stand last week, Murdaugh said he was "embarrassed" about lying to clients and partners at his law firm after he was accused of stealing over $10million over the years. The money was reportedly used to fund his opioid drug habit. A new Netflix true crime series, Murdaugh Murders: A Southern Scandal, delved into the notorious, powerful family's past and the scandals that surround them.  