Diversity star Ashley Banjo confirmed that he and his wife, Francesca Abbott, split after 16 years together in December. The Dancing On Ice judge shared that the pair decided to separate 18 months ago. Francesca, now 36, shared a snap on her birthday milestone, which she captioned: "30… + 6" followed by a pair of emojis. Ashley took the opportunity to send his good wishes as the dancer commented on her post. In view of his 112,000 followers, he wrote: "Happy birthday dude." But one social media user took to the comment section as they took issue with the use of the phrase "dude". READ MORE: Chris Evans and wife flying out of UK as they skip King's Coronation East End Girl said: "Dude?? Sore..." as Instagram user eejl41 replied: "@ashleybanjogram ouch!!!!." The Dancing On Ice judge hit back at the critic, writing: "@ashleybanjogram for those of you who wish to comment in outrage. This is what we’ve called each other for over a decade and a half. But your input is very much appreciated." Other commentators were quick to defend the dancer. Elisia said: "I thought this. Can always tell who’s new here."  Valerie remarked: "@ashleybanjogram some people. Think these days that if you split from a partner/husband/wife you should automatically hate or dislike them. It's amazing to see you still have that friendly relationship and keeping it real for your kids." Ems added: "That’s what me and my ex called each other for 11 years and still do another six years later…better than what my brothers fiancée calls him." Ashley and Francesca split after 16 years together and the former couple share two children. They announced their split in a statement posted to their Instagram accounts. It read: "After much thought and consideration we both feel now is the time to share some personal news. "Nearly 18 months ago we took the difficult decision to separate. After being together for over 16 years, since we were teenagers, this is not a decision that has been taken lightly." Discussing their children, they added: "Our main focus will always be our beautiful children. Every decision that has been made is to make sure we can continue as a loving family and give the very best of ourselves as parents. "Raising Rose and Micah in a healthy and happy environment is the most important thing to both of us. "Sometimes after so many years people just move in different directions, but we do so lovingly and we continue to try and be both the best parents possible and the best of friends to each other. "We have always been private with our personal lives, so we kindly ask that everyone please continue to respect that privacy. We won't be making any further comment on the situation. Thank you... Lots of Love Ash and Chess x." The former couple have remained on good terms. Ashley and Francesca also spent Christmas together, just days after they made their split public.