Senior players in Tottenham's dressing room are pushing for Mauricio Pochettino's return to the club, according to reports. The developments have emerged in light of Spurs' miserable Champions League exit at the hands of AC Milan on Wednesday night when Antonio Conte's toothless side were eliminated having failed to score a goal across both legs. The wretched performance and lack of spirit has only heightened calls for Pochettino's return with the Argentine currently waiting in the wings ahead of a potential summer appointment. The former Spurs boss is currently out of work following his departure from Paris Saint-Germain at the end of last season and there is now a growing sense of anticipation that he will return to north London once the curtain has come down on Conte's tenure. According to Sky Sports, a number of Tottenham's players are 'hankering for the brave, progressive style' of Pochettino that proved so popular during his stay - prior to his dismissal in November 2019. It's far from a secret that Pochettino is in favour of returning to Spurs as there is a sense he has unfinished business at the club, something he has publicly documented on a number of occasions. However, the report seemingly relays that he is not the only managerial candidate in the frame ahead of Conte's highly-anticipated departure. It's understood Roberto De Zerbi is a popular choice amongst the Tottenham hierarchy as he is viewed as the next best up-and-coming coach in Europe following his work with Brighton, Shakhtar Donetsk and Sassuolo. Luis Enrique, Thomas Tuchel and Marco Silva are also believed to be of interest with both Enrique and Tuchel currently available. Thomas Frank has also attracted admirers at Spurs following his work with Brentford with the Bees currently 14 Premier League matches unbeaten. Don't miss... Richarlison calls out Conte in angry rant over 's***' Tottenham season [INTERVIEW] Man Utd star Rashford shot down after 'impossible' Liverpool defence [REACTION] Roy Keane 'perfect' for Man Utd job as pundit backed for crazy return [LATEST] It would be a big ask to prise De Zerbi, Silva or Frank away from Brighton, Fulham or Brentford due to their respective contracts with each club. Pochettino is also attracting interest from Real Madrid with Carlo Ancelotti now thought to be approaching the end of his second reign in the Spanish capital. Tottenham had previously been hopeful of agreeing a new contract with Conte after the Italian made an eye-catching start to the new Premier League season. Results and performance levels have since taken a significant dip however with Spurs now in a straight fight with Liverpool and Newcastle for fourth spot. Liverpool are now just three points behind the north London side, who fear the Reds are coming up the hill after their 7-0 demolition of Manchester United last weekend. Spurs' 1-0 aggregate defeat to AC Milan marked their 15th consecutive season without silverware, having not won a trophy since the League Cup triumph over Chelsea back in 2008. Supporters have now grown increasingly tired of the mediocrity that has plagued the club's recent history as Conte's reign threatens to sour in the final months of his contract. Tottenham were booed off at both half-time and full-time of their goalless draw with AC Milan on Wednesday night and there is now only slim hope they can oust Liverpool in the race for Champions League football.