On screen in this season’s Unforgotten, it is painfully obvious that Ian McElhinney’s character Lord Tony Hume knows more than he is letting on about the case of the body in the fireplace being investigated by DI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) and DCI Jessica James (Sinéad Keenan). Despite his character’s flaws, it is also obvious his character very much loves his wife Emma, played by acting legend Hayley Mills. And it seems that in real life the actor is also very fond of his co-star. Although he had never worked with her before he was aware of who she was. “Of course, I remember when she was a young girl in the various things that she did, so it’s like you’re working with a bit of a screen icon, really,” he said. Hayley is part of the Mills acting dynasty that includes her father John and sister Juliet. She has enjoyed quite an impressive career which stretches back to childhood. READ MORE:Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap In 1960 she was the last person ever to win a special Juvenile Oscar at the Academy Awards for her role in Pollyanna. In 1961 she appeared in the dual role of twins Sharon and Susan in the original The Parent Trap, a role later played by Lindsay Lohan in the remake. As she grew up and juvenile roles petered out, she enjoyed a steady stage and screen career. She even reprised her role as the twins for a trio of Parent Trap television films: The Parent Trap II, Parent Trap III, and Parent Trap: Hawaiian Honeymoon. However, despite her status as a bona fide Hollywood star, she remains unaffected with Ian intimating: “She’s lovely, and we had a really nice time. “We shot all our stuff together actually, in one week, because it all took place in the one location, which was the house, the family home. “It was compact. It was concentrated. It was not exclusively, but primarily the two of us, and it was a good vibe. “That was my first working week on the show, and I really enjoyed it.” DON'T MISS: Malala Yousafzai on 'painful joke' aimed at her by Jimmy Kimmel [INSIGHT]Daisy Edgar-Jones leaves little to imagination in see-through gown [INSIGHT]Kate Hudson forced to correct Oscars 2023 reporter [INSIGHT] In tonight’s episode, viewers will learn even more about the shifty politician and Ian is quite enjoying playing a character with buried secrets. “I was excited by that because they’re the most interesting characters to play,” he admitted. “Somebody who, somewhere in their history, somewhere in their past, there is a dilemma of some kind, they’re grappling with their self-image of how they wish to be perceived. “And of course, the other thing that we haven’t mentioned is that we learn in the first episode that his cancer has returned,” he pointed out.  “So he’s a man dealing with the fact that he is approaching death, and is also even more conscious of trying to do something good for people because his life is coming to an end. “Outwardly, he probably wants to be remembered in a certain way. Inwardly, he’s probably desperately trying to compensate for some of the things he feels he has done wrong in the past.” Unforgotten continues on ITV on Monday nights at 9pm. All episodes are available to watch on ITVX.