Rishi Sunak's plan to stop small boat crossings is bound to fail due to the failing French border patrol, migrant charities have warned. Karen Bouteloup, a spokesperson for Utopia56 migrant charity in the northwestern city of Calais, says ramping up French law enforcement on beaches will not prevent migrants from crossing the Channel and people smugglers from operating on French beaches. Having seen a surge in crossings since the last France-UK deal in November, she believes migrants will not be deterred by the new deal. Asked if her charity had seen any more police arrests on Calais beaches, Ms Bouteloup told Express.co.uk: "No, I haven’t. We haven’t seen any changes." She said the migrant charity has observed a rise in violence against migrants waiting on beaches, with a growing number of French patrol officers descending on beaches more often. According to an investigation by French media StreetPress, patrols expel migrants from Calais camps every 48 hours. Most migrants go back to the camps to try and cross the Channel. The independent unofficial watchdog Human Rights Observers documented at least 71 evictions in 13 informal settlements and 113 tents stolen in January in Calais. Ms Bouteloup said: "There is constant police harassment of migrants." She blames the French government for exerting growing pressure on local authorities to conduct raids, which have become more violent. "They see they can’t stop them," Ms Bouteloup said. "They are unable to stop crossings because they are unfit for purpose." Since the UK signed a deal with France last November, police presence has ramped up on French beaches by 40 percent. Despite colossal sums being invested in more forces, she believes the new deal will not prevent crossings. READ MORE: UK fears Biden's subsidies could lure away £2bn cash for climate plan She said: "No, it’s not going to stop people crossing. But we fear police crackdown is forcing migrants to make more dangerous journeys and sometimes die in the Channel." The new deal struck by Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and French President Emmanuel Macron will "only heighten pressure" and force coastal police to ramp up violent interventions. The UK’s taxpayers' money is being "wasted", as the successive plans have all been "dead in the water", Ms Bouteloup added. Since 2014, the UK has committed about £230million in successive deals with France, with French authorities stopping 42.5 percent of people trying to make the perilous journey in 2022.  Don't miss... 'Desperate for attention' Gary Lineker told to use 'history books'  [LATEST] Conservative poll fightback continues after Sunak's small boats bill [POLL] Brexiteer's burning question for Sunak to put to Macron at summit [ANALYSIS] The Home Office's Clandestine Channel Threat Commander described the French authorities' performance in 2022 as having intercepted "a lower percentage, but a much, much bigger number". Their interception rates for boats and people in 2021 were both around 50 percent. Several migrant charities including Corporate Watch and Watch The Channel warned at the time the measures were "less about stopping the boats" and "more about gesticulating and pretending to do so". Close to 3,500 people have attempted the perilous journey to Britain since January, with more than 640 of them being rescued at sea and brought back to France, according to French authorities. READ NEXT:Sunak suggests Lineker is 'out of touch' with BritsSpring Budget is 'real opportunity' for EV growth before 2030 car banWe voted to take control of our borders and that's what we must doPM to stress on good neighbourly relations as he heads to Paris SummitHuge public backing for Rishi Sunak's plan to tackle the boats crisis