From the only female distillery owner in California to an Olympic gold medallist leading Canada to victory and Rwandan entrepreneurs pioneering sustainable fashion in Africa, here are women across the planet leading the way as they challenge gender stereotypes, overcome discrimination and encourage equality. In California’s sun-drenched San Diego is Laura Johnson, founder of You & Yours Distillery. Home to more than 150 breweries, San Diego has gained a reputation as a craft beer capital but pioneering You & Yours Distillery, is changing perspectives thanks to Johnson and You & Yours Distilling Co. in downtown San Diego’s East Village - the only woman-owned distillery in southern California. Visitors can enjoy beautifully garnished cocktails crafted from Laura's award-winning vodka and gin in a tasting room or take part in a tour, learning how she uses a custom-built hybrid eau de vie still to transform raw ingredients into unique spirits. Its flagship brand is a classic vanilla-esque vodka, but the refreshing, floral Sunday Gin is a must-try. Tren’ness Woods-Black, the “Queen of Hospitality” in New York City is a leading champion of the hospitality industry in New York City, granddaughter of the Queen of Soul Food and president and chief strategist of her corporation, Tren’ness Woods-Black is a female powerhouse. She has used her culinary royalty lineage as a foundational asset and force for good, moving the industry forward in an innovative and inclusive way. Tren’ness has been the force behind magical moments and milestones for A-list celebrities such as Janet Jackson and Bruno Mars, and her philanthropic work has raised enormous amounts for charities. The founding executive board member of the SHE CAN Foundation, this works to fuel economic growth through female-owned businesses by providing mentorship, training and financial opportunities. Tren’ness was a member on the New York Forward Advisory Board during the pandemic, appointed by the New York State governor, and is currently the culinary co-chair of NYC & Company, nycgo.com. Kevine Kagirimpundu and Ysolde Shimwe are two Rwandan entrepreneurs leading the way in sustainable fashion. They met each other at the University of Rwanda in 2013, when studying creative design. Now a visionary duo they share values to create a common mission - to preserve the environment through recycling waste while creating employment opportunities for the women and youth of Rwanda. This has since translated into the core identity of their sustainable clothing brand UZURI K&Y, which having launched in the capital Kigali, is pioneering sustainable fashion across Africa. By recycling used car tyres to make eco-footwear, the brand is positively impacting the environment while supporting their local communities and creating jobs, further helping their vision of branding Africa as the origin of sustainable fashion in the global market. Today, Rwanda’s fashion scene represents the beauty and culture of what is known as the land of a thousand hills, and is a platform for talented designers to combine tradition and modernity. America’s first women-led food hall, La Cocina Municipal Marketplace, opened its doors in summer 2022 in San Francisco’s Tenderloin district, as the brainchild of non-profit, women and immigrant-focused kitchen incubator, La Cocina. Among its most popular vendors is Binita (Bini) Pradhan, creator of the delicious Nepalese cuisine served at Bini’s Kitchen. Bini grew up in Kathmandu, Nepal, where she mastered recipes under the watchful gaze of her mother, who cooked for the Nepalese royal family in the 1960s. Moving to San Francisco in 2004, she was accepted into La Cocina’s food incubator programme and has since become a leading figure in the marketplace, where she can be found serving up a variety of Nepalese staples, including her signature turkey, lamb, or vegetable stuffed MoMos. Motivated by her success at La Cocina, Bini opened her first kitchen-kiosk in the city’s financial district, and her own sit-down restaurant in 2019, Today she remains a key figure in her community. Located in the scenic Cercadillo community in Cayey, about an hour outside of Puerto Rico’s capital city San Juan is El Pretexto which serves as the first culinary farm lodge in Puerto Rico offering a farmstay in a peaceful tropical space to unwind, retreat and relax. It’s a women-owned business operated by the owner and community members. The managing owner, Crystal Díaz, is a Puerto Rican food lover, traveller, foodie and ecology supporter who is obsessed with the reconnection of local producers and consumers. With years of experience in marketing, Crystal is the co-founder of PRoduce, an online supermarket that delivers the largest selection of local products and is a member of several organisations including Women Empower and SME. For the last 20 years Kristin Jaworski has served as Fort Worth Herd Trail Boss where she has been responsible for the day-to-day management of the City of Fort Worth's twice-daily Cattle Drive, in addition to expanding all aspects of the herd including educational and awareness programmes to better support tourism to Fort Worth. Kristin was raised in the livestock industry where she developed a life-long interest in horses and ranching. Lori Bridwell is setting an example for powerful women as she reigns as Scottsdale’s finest cowgirl at Arizona Cowboy College. Located in the desert city of Scottsdale, Arizona, ‘The West’s most Western town’, the Cowboy College has been teaching both travellers and locals the traditional ways of horsemanship culture since 1989. Working from dawn ‘till dusk, Lori’s dedication to providing her horses and cattle with food, care and love shines through as she inspires others to do the same, teaching invaluable lessons of self-discipline while displaying her unwavering emotional and physical strength. With sessions ranging from half-a-day to a whole week, there is something for every aspiring cowgirl no matter your experience. From lessons in roping and penning, to heading out far into the Sonoran Desert in search of cattle, sessions can be individually curated to offer the experience of a lifetime. Born in the quiet town Beauceville, Québec, Marie-Phillip Poulin is a hockey legend. After a stint with the Boston University Terriers, Marie-Phillip missed her home province so returned to play for Les Canadiennes de Montréal in the Canadian Women's Hockey League. Widely considered to be one of the best female hockey players of all time, she won the Clarkson Cup twice and was named league MVP three times. Sandra Douglass Morgan heads up the Las Vegas Raiders as the first black female president in the NFL. Thanks to her tenacity and unwavering leadership skills in an industry that notoriously lacks diversity in executive roles, Sandra was the first African American city attorney for North Las Vegas and in 2019 she pioneered her position in the Nevada State Athletic Division, the Nevada Gaming Commission and the Nevada Gaming Control Board, becoming the first African American to serve as chair in these institutions. Having an adept understanding of the community as a born and bred Las Vegas local, Sandra accepted the role with a vision of making the destination the sports capital of the world. Marine biologist Agatha Charbogne joined the team at W Maldives in 2022 and is one of the main diving instructors at DOWN UNDER, the W Maldives’ watersports centre which offers guests the chance to explore the incredible diversity of marine life on one of the best house reefs in the island group. Agatha’s days involve dives and aquatic teaching with hands-on sessions to educate guests and dive enthusiasts about the delicate reef ecosystem and its inhabitants. Her insightful marine biology presentations, given to guests of all ages prior to entering the underwater world, are a vital component of making them understand and appreciate the beauty of the ecosystem, as well as the enormous risks that are now being posed to reefs due to global warming. Agatha also supports the Whale Shark Programme that aims at building databases to identify areas where whale sharks have been spotted and she explains: “everything we do helps to spotlight the beautiful ocean. Not just through activities and excursions but through very personal encounters with the sea beneath and its many inhabitants”. When it comes to keeping the history of the beautiful island of Bermuda alive, tour guide Kristin White is playing a major role. History enthusiasts can join her for a fascinating walking tour through the town of St. George’s to learn of its 400-year-old history and island. From its founding in 1609 to St. George’s being named a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000, travellers will be taken back in time as they wander through the cobblestone streets. Kristin’s passion for the history of Bermuda shines through her shop, Long Story Short, where she sells a selection of homemade crafts lovingly made by women all over the island, and a selection of gifts and books highlighting black and female authors, artisans, and entrepreneurs. Truly devoted to communicating the authenticity of Bermuda to its visitors, and connecting them with the island’s people, Kristin has also created a travel series, aptly named ‘Untold Stories’ to celebrate black women’s stories.