Chancellor Jeremy Hunt is reportedly set to keep the price guarantee at £2,500. Previously, the price guarantee was set to be raised to £3,000 in what would have been a £500 rise in energy bills for the average household. Energy prices have risen substantially over the last year due to external pressures on the whole gas and electricity market. A Government source told The Times the extension will act as a “bridge” until wholesale energy prices drop below the energy price cap in July, as forecasts suggest. It is estimated the cost of keeping the price guarantee will be around £3billion but it could be less. This policy was brought in to better protect consumers from soaring energy prices amid the ongoing economic turmoil. Through the price guarantee, the price per unit of gas and electricity is capped but only for households with average energy consumption. As a result, Britons with typical energy usage have seen their annual energy bills capped at £2,500. If bills were based on the current energy price cap, instead of the Government’s guarantee, households would be paying £4,279 annually. Despite this, wholesale energy prices have dropped substantially in the last couple of months in a boon for household finances.  Furthermore, regulator Ofgem has confirmed that energy price cap is set to fall to £3,280 a year from April. According to The Times’ report, the Government is “pretty confident” the energy cap will fall below £2,500 from July 2023. Commenting on news that some energy firms are expecting government support to be maintained at or near current levels, Myron Jobson, Senior Personal Finance Analyst, interactive investor, said: “The rumour mill is making all the right noises for billpayers who face paying 135 percent more, on average, on energy bills than they did in winter 2021/2022 from April." He said retaining the energy price guaranteee at its current level would offer "some respite" for households "facing an onslaught of heightened costs in April" as council tax, broadband, mobile phone, water and sewage bills are all set to increase. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Mr Jobson warned low-income households are "particularly exposed" to hikes in energy bills as they spend a higher proportion of their budget on essentials. He added: “If you are struggling to pay your energy bills, contact your energy supplier to ask for support as your first port of call. "It is worth consulting a debt advice charity such as StepChange or Turn2Us and they will go through all of your options.” Over the last week, campaigners and journalists have called on the Government on the freeze the energy price guarantee at its current level of £2,500, including Martin Lewis. Appearing on Times Radio yesterday, Mr Lewis said failure to cancel the bill rise would result in the Government carrying out “national mental health harm”. He said: “It’s bad for peoples’ finances. It’s bad for people's mental health. It’s bad for consumer confidence. It’s bad for business. It puts inflation up. “I cannot understand from any form of rationale why they would continue to do it. It is a better than 50/50 chance that they will postpone or potentially cancel the energy price guarantee rise planned in April.” Kevin Pratt, Forbes Advisor’s energy expert, added: “News of the reduction in the Ofgem energy cap from April is welcome, even if it remains above the Government's energy price guarantee - which itself is due to rise by 20 percent, heaping more misery on hard-pressed households. "But it is worth remembering that the cap and the guarantee are for domestic customers. The situation for commercial energy customers is even worse. They will see a steep reduction in government support from April, with a consequent rise in their bills.” Jeremy Hunt is likely to clarify the position regarding the price guarantee in his Budget on March 15, 2023.