This week, Lisa Vicari will return to screens to star in Sky Atlantic’s western drama, Django. Ahead of the premiere, the actress spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about her love for the crew.  The upcoming spaghetti western drama, Django will be the reimagining of the 1960s classic film of the same name, but with a modern twist. Django will follow the lives of the titular gunslinger (played by Mattias Schoenaerts) as he searches for his estranged daughter, Sara (Lisa Vicari). He will stumble upon Babylon, a town founded by John Ellis (Nicholas Pinnock) which openly welcomes outcasts. Upon his treacherous arrival, Django soon discovers John Ellis is set to marry his long-lost daughter, Sara. READ MORE: Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' For her portrayal of Sara, Lisa was transported to the 1800s with the support of the show’s director Francesca Comencini. Reflecting on production and working alongside the showrunner, the actress shared: “It was great. “We had such collaborative work and Francesca’s a very emotional director, which I enjoyed a lot, it was amazing to have this female power on set.” Lisa continued: “She had to look out for so many things at the same time but she was always there for us actors to talk about the scenes and to listen. “I think we had a great time working together and it was a very strong female energy on set which I loved.” As well as being reunited with her long-lost father, Sara will also battle apprehension about joining John’s family. Sara and the jaded cowboy will also face conflict as she blamed her father for the death of her entire family who was killed while he was at war. While Django wanted to rebuild their relationship, she hated him and wanted her father to leave Babylon. DON'T MISS...BBC facing calls for investigation into Ken Bruce's 'insensitive' exit [REACTION]Dark star Lisa Vicari speaks on career first on Django [INSIGHT]Drift Partners in Crime cast explained as Sky series drops [EXPLAINER]  As well as problems within the household, John will have to face off against Elizabeth Thurman (Noomi Rapace). For reasons yet to be explained, the vicious and puritanical woman was set on destroying Babylon. And after a series of attacks, Django was intent on building a personal connection with John so he could serve as his brother-in-arms to protect the town. However, unbeknownst to anyone a web of dark secrets will bubble to the surface.  Through a series of flashbacks, viewers will also gain insight into Sarah's upbringing and the bond she once had with Django. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Lisa also spoke about the new skills she gained working on Django. She revealed: “I learned how to ride a horse, I wasn't able to before, I didn’t know how to. “I practised my accent, that was a huge part to work on for Sarah since it was my first character that I played not in German and that was a challenge itself.” Django premieres on Sky Atlantic on Wednesday, March 1. 