Pep Guardiola has admitted that he doesn't speak to the Premier League despite continued grievances over what he believes is unfair treatment by referees. Manchester City have cut communication amid an investigation into allegations of over 100 breaches of financial rules over a nine-year period. In February, following a four-year inquiry, the Premier League accused the six-time champions of breaking the rules between 2009 and 2018. Once the ongoing investigation is concluded, possible sanctions include transfer bans, being stripped of titles and even expulsion from the top flight. And Guardiola has revealed that he doesn't talk to the Premier League or referees after the legitimacy of City's success was questioned to an unprecedented extent. "I don't talk with the Premier League. We are accused by them. No referees, no Premier League, no care," Guardiola explained. "Now we can't talk about the Premier League or whatever - we are busy defending with our lawyers our defence." JUST IN: Man Utd £50m Ivan Toney deal jeopardised with Brentford 'disappointed' But Guardiola had no problem lamenting recent referee treatment to the media ahead of the visit of Newcastle United on Saturday, a team with a growing reputation for elite gamesmanship. The Catalan coach was furious with official Anthony Taylor for booking Ederson in the 36th minute of the 3-1 win at Arsenal in February. And he believes that City are treated differently from other teams when they waste time at the Etihad Stadium. He told reporters: "How many thousand million games do teams come here and waste time with the goalkeepers? Twenty seconds every time at a goal kick. Absolutely nothing happens. DON'T MISS Arsenal chief Edu under extra pressure to sign No 1 target RiceGraham Potter takes blame for Chelsea woesLiverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'really happy' for Man Utd's Rashford "And after we go there [to Arsenal], we want to be active to play, and we get a yellow card. What they do, they can do, whatever they want." Erik ten Hag was the latest of a string of Premier League managers complaining about Newcastle's habits of minimising the time the ball is in play during games this season. The Dutchman labelled Eddie Howe's side 'annoying' ahead of the Carabao Cup final, joining Mikel Arteta and Jurgen Klopp in their frustrations. And Guardiola will hope to avoid becoming incensed about the same as City look to ramp up the pressure on Arsenal in the title race. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here