LeBron James believes his son Bronny is better than some current NBA players after witnessing performances he described as ‘lightweight’ across the NBA. “Man Bronny definitely better than some of these cats I’ve been watching on league pass today,” the NBA’s all-time leading points scorer said on Twitter after taking to social media to express his surprise. “S*** lightweight hilarious.” The Lakers star has stated his intention to prolong his career in an effort to play alongside his 18-year-old son. Luckily for James he will not have to hold out for much longer as Bronny will be eligible for the 2024 NBA draft class which is expected to be a group full of top prospects. It can't be easy for Bronny to follow in the footsteps of his father, one of the best players in the history of the sport. Still, being LeBron James’ child does have considerable perks, namely the ability to learn from such an incredible athlete and use the resources and connections at the disposal of the James family. This was perfectly illustrated in Bronny’s choice of high school, Sierra Canyon, which has been stacked with top prospects in that age group. Now, at 18 the youngster is on the cusp of remarkably joining his old man in the NBA. Don't miss... Anthony Davis thoughts on LeBron James' injury indicate Lakers mindset [LATEST] At 6' 4 Bronny is some way shorter than his megastar dad and way less fancied with recruiters, currently ranked 28th in the ESPN 100 - a list of top high school recruits. There are signs of encouragement though, as the guard has risen quite substantially in the eyes of talent scouts with improving on-court performances. Bronny will finally get the chance to differentiate himself from his dad’s illustrious career when he takes on collegiate basketball this Autumn. LeBron went straight from high school to the NBA in 2003 but the NBA has since instituted a rule that requires players to be one year removed from their high school graduation before being eligible for the draft. The starlet is currently just two wins away from a state championship that is all but guaranteed to see his draft stock rise. Although the prospect of him being a lottery pick in 2024 still seems remote it is looking increasingly likely Bronny James could be teaming up with his old man in the NBA.