Jurgen Klopp brushed aside a direct question about a possible move for Jude Bellingham in his pre-match press conference ahead of Liverpool's trip to Bournemouth tomorrow, although he did confirm the club will be making changes in the summer transfer window. Liverpool owner John W Henry gave a rare interview this week to the Liverpool Echo where he insisted FSG remain committed to the club's "long-term success". Henry also addressed concerns from a section of fans surrounding the club's activity in the transfer market with only one midfielder signed since 2018. The FSG chief insisted their goal was to continue "investing wisely" and spending in a "responsible manner". His comments come after months of speculation that the club were up for sale with FSG now moving forward with plans to bring in minor investment from outside the club. Mike Gordon has now fully resumed his role at the club after stepping back from his duties to oversee the club's potential sale. With just a few months now until the summer transfer window opens, Liverpool appear to be heading towards a busy period with FSG seemingly ready to back Klopp in the market. Bellingham is reportedly the club's No 1 target and Klopp was asked whether Henry's recent remarks in the media could lead to a possible move for the England international. "Nothing to do with any kinds of names or players," Klopp said. "It's just about... John is right. If you have a look at the players we've brought in in the last couple of transfer windows - Luis, Darwin and Cody. "I think that Sadio, Bobby and Mo together were for quite a while one of the best front three in world football. Sadio left in the summer and we'll see what happens to Bobby in the summer but Mo is left pretty much. "But we replaced them and Diogo came in that time so I think that's investment. It's wise investment, it's responsible investment. That's what you wanted and what we needed. "This year they were unfortunately for most of the time injured, that didn't help obviously but they were here anyway. This has to be in a similar manner, we will do that for other parts of the team and that will be possible. That's all." Don't miss... Four Man Utd stars bounce back to prove Ten Hag right in Betis win [LATEST] Liverpool can solve issues with bargain deal for Marcelo Brozovic [LATEST] Liverpool have their new Fernando Torres for Klopp in Darwin Nunez [LATEST] Klopp also gave an update in injured trio Thiago Alcantara, Luis Diaz and Joe Gomez, with the latter two potentially making a return to the squad after the international break. "All three not available [this weekend]," he said. “Different stages I would say. Joey might be able to train at the beginning of the week; Luis I hope during next week. After the international break, then obviously for both [it's] possible. "Thiago we will see. None of them trained yet with the team and we will see how that develops in the couple of weeks and we will know more. Apart from that, from the last game nothing [new] that I heard about." 