UK cabaret company, CABABABARAVE has divided social media after their most recent performance leaked online. However, one fan of the act appeared to be John Cleese, 83, who compared the act to a “good-natured pantomime”. On his Twitter in view of his 5.7 million followers, John typed: “Remember pantomimes? The first shows British kids ever saw... “The principal boy was a girl, and the principal girl's mother was always a fellow. “Pantomimes were happy, good-natured romps. They harmed no one. “Except, perhaps, people with absolutely no sense of fun or humour,” he added. READ MORE: Nicola Peltz gushes of love for mum-in-law Victoria Beckham at show In response, John’s Twitter followers were left divided. @angela_julian0 replied: “It’s a shame how easily people become enraged these days.” @Tokenn commented: “Men dressing up as women and playing it for laughs is an entirely different matter from fetishists deliberately performing in front of children.” The company promotes itself to be an exciting new event for parents and their babies aimed at providing captivating sensory moments for the little ones and cheeky fun for the accompanying parents that would end in a rave for all ages…literally! CABABABARAVE was formed by two mums who were always on the lookout to find entertainment for themselves and their little children. The most recent show, however, had drawn attention for all the wrong reasons as some queens were dressed in G strings and seen twerking and dancing provocatively around the mums and babies. Videos from the show took over social media when UK political commentator Dominique Samuels took to Twitter to describe the event as "abhorrent" and "inappropriate" for children. "I shouldn't even have to say this but, just to put it out there, I have nothing against the LGBTQIA+ community, nor drag shows, but these kind of events are for adults, NOT CHILDREN!" the commentator angrily declared. DONT MISS:Kate Garraway shares horrendous costs of Derek's care (photos)Louise Redknapp denies she sought fame after Strictly and Jamie split (news)Gary Lineker opens up on ‘unusual’ relationship with ex-wife Danielle (latest)  “It's not only about grooming the babies, it is about grooming the parents. “They are the ones who are the main protectors of their children, if they are groomed into accepting more extreme behaviour, then it is easy to access the children,” one commenter wrote. “This is sick, vile and repugnant! Nothing less!” another commenter quipped. However, the organisers of the festival where the show was performed hit back on Twitter at the backlash on Thursday. "The cabaret show is designed for parents, with sensory moments for babies, and is a fun and welcoming space for parents with young babies," the statement began. "We stand against the inexcusable threats of violence and assault against our programmed artists, our staff, and directed at the LGBTQIA+ community. "We are supporting the affected artists."