A £110million "barrier line" was been constructed in the Belgorod region bordering Ukraine, signalling an increasingly panicked Kremlin. The massive expenditure on the so-called Russian border wall comes amid fears within the Russian military that its frontline could collapse. It also comes more than a week after President Vladimir Putin accused a Ukrainian sabotage group of carrying out a "terrorist attack" inside Russia - a claim Ukraine has labelled a "false flag provocation". Russia’s border regions have become increasingly volatile since Moscow invaded Ukraine a year ago, amid reports of shelling on both sides. Belgorod Governor Vyacheslav Gladkov shared the news of the completed barrier on Telegram. He said: "We have completed it. "I hope that the enemy can see, in what volume and with what quantity we’ve built it." JUST IN: Putin's plot to decimate Wagner troops in Bakhmut devastation exposed  He added that the works cost 10 billion rubles, which were not paid out of the regional budget. It is unclear whether the funding for the wall came from the Kremlin or a private donor. Governor Gladkov said that the new state border was being guarded by the state security service, the Federal Security Service, the Defense Ministry, and the National Guard. One Twitter user @bigstape reacted to the news by mockingly commenting: "Well that just oozes confidence."  Russian authorities employed more than four thousand builders to construct the wall. The defensive line includes trenches, anti-tank pyramids, platoon strongholds, and other structures. The plan for the fortified border emerged in October after local authorities in the Kursk and Belgorod regions of Russia warned about a “Ukrainian offensive" encroaching on Russian territory. DON'T MISS: We voted to take control of our borders and that's what we must do [COMMENT]Russians nuclear panic as they are told to rush to bomb shelters [LIVE BLOG]Look to history for the truth on Britain, says FREDERICK FORSYTH [COMMENT]  Meanwhile, the private mercenary group Wagner appears to be taking a “tactical pause” in Bakhmut, according to the US think tank the Institute for the Study of War. The ISW believes that Wagner is waiting until enough reinforcements of conventional Russian troops have arrived before re-starting operations. Last week, Wagner's leader Yevgeny Prigozhin warned that the frontline in Ukraine would collapse if Russia did not send his mercenaries more ammunition. He warned that he would have no choice but to order a retreat from Bakhmut and other frontline positions. 