There is now a no-fly-zone in place over the church where Nicola Bulley's funeral took place in Saint Michael's on Wyre, Lancashire. Police brought in the rule so sick TikToker detectives were blocked from filming the mother-of-two's funeral. Nicola's family attended a small service on Wednesday afternoon at the village where she was last seen in late January. The family wanted complete privacy but had fears TikTokers would use drones to film the funeral from above. The no-fly-zone was put in place between 10am and 3pm on Wednesday to protect the funeral which started at 12.30pm. It was requested by Lancashire Police and was introduced by the Secretary of State for Transport. READ MORE: Lottery winner says £3m jackpot win ended in heartbreak Nicola's disappearance sparked all sorts of conspiracies and speculation online, including on social media platforms such as TikTok, YouTube and Instagram. One sleuth who took to TikTok was Curtis Arnold, a 34-year-old from Kidderminster in Worcestershire. Arnold was arrested on Wednesday on suspicion of malicious communication offences and perverting the course of justice. He allegedly snook beyond the Lancashire Police cordon and filmed officers as they pulled Nicola's body out of the river. TikTok, owned by Chinese company ByteDance, has vowed to crack down on social media sleuths who got in the way of the investigation. Don't miss... Shocking photos show migrant who wanted to be deported stab student [LATEST] Everything we know about the teacher with size Z prosthetic breasts  [LATEST] Meghan and Harry to relinquish control if they attend Coronation [LATEST] A spokesman said: "We have mobilised resources to monitor the evolving conversation about this case. "We are taking action against violations of our Community Guidelines, including removing content and accounts, and limiting the reach of some content by making it ineligible for recommendation." During the search, Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith of Lancashire Police said the investigation had been hampered by "false information, accusations and rumours" by those conducting their own searches.  Smith told reporters during a press conference: "Yes, it has significantly distracted the investigation. In 29 years [of] police service, I've never seen anything like it. "Some of it has been quite shocking and really hurtful to the family." Nicola went missing on January 27 as she walked her spaniel Willow after dropping her two daughters off at school. Her body was pulled out of the river 23 days later, about a mile away from where she was first seen. 