With the pressure mounting on the shoulders of Graham Potter, several managers are keeping tabs on his situation at Chelsea. Luis Enrique is the latest to be linked with replacing the former Brighton boss and making a move to Stamford Bridge, and he could arrive at the club with his own shopping list. The Blues have won just one game in 2023, with their performances lacking any form of attacking threat and looking defensively shaky despite the immense amount of money being spent. The arrivals of Enzo Fernandez, Mykhaylo Mudryk and Joao Felix – amongst others – have failed to spark a reaction and Chelsea supporters have grown tired of underwhelming performances. According to Sport, Luis Enrique is keen to remain without a club, despite an approach from the Brazil national team, because he is interested in succeeding Potter. The former Barcelona and Spain boss has always been an outspoken character and he would not hold back from informing Todd Boehly about who he needs to sign. Express Sport takes a look at four players he could push to reunite with… Neymar Reports have linked Neymar with a move to Chelsea regularly over the last few months, and the arrival of Luis Enrique could finally see the transfer green-lighted. The 52-year-old worked with the Brazil for four years at Barcelona and he thrived under his management, which allowed him to show that he was one of the brightest talents in world football and earn a then-world record move to Paris Saint-Germain. The Blues certainly aren’t short of forwards as it stands, though one would argue that they are lacking world-class talents like Neymar. If speculation that the forward is set to be sold by PSG at the end of the season, it could be his time to conquer the Premier League. Ferran Torres Despite their spending, Chelsea continue to lack a true goalscorer and Ferran Torres could push to reunite with Luis Enrique and put an end to the London side’s goal drought. The pair worked together for the Spain national team and he has shown that he relishes the chance to play through the middle. Torres only made 28 appearances during his time with Manchester City, and he may feel that he has unfinished business in the English top flight. Pau Torres Chelsea signed several defenders over the summer but are reportedly set to oversee an exodus at the back at the end of the season, with Kalidou Koulibaly, Trevoh Chalobah and Cesar Azpilicueta amongst those linked with an exit. Thus, Luis Enrique could push to mark his arrival with a central defender of his own and push for Pau Torres to finally make the move to England. The 26-year-old is admired by several Premier League clubs, including Manchester City and Tottenham, but may have a preference to link up with the manager that has handed him numerous opportunities on the international stage. David Raya With Kepa Arrizabalaga still not a concrete No 1 at Stamford Bridge and Edouard Mendy pushing for an exit due to his limited minutes, Chelsea will be in the market for a goalkeeper at the end of the season. Spanish duo Robert Sanchez and David Raya are both admired by the club, and the latter looks the more ‘available’ of the pair. The shot-stopper has rejected two contract extension offers from Brentford over the past 12 months and with his current deal expiring at the end of the season, the Bees are expected to cash in on his services whilst they can. Raya was handed his international debut by Luis Enrique in 2021 and has been a permanent fixture in his squads since, and linking up with a familiar face could be what he needs to take the step up in his career.