Agustín Gavilán, a former lorry driver based in Spain, shared his best tips and recommendations for those holidaymakers heading on a road trip soon. In terms of the best foods and drinks to stay awake on the road, the expert recommended two unusual snacks. Agustín started by saying that "the best way to stay awake on the road is by having a good rest the previous day, and if possible, sleeping longer than usual the night before". "Leaving the house with plenty of time is also important in case you want to stop for a while on the way to recharge." But if despite everything, holidaymakers still need "extra help", the former lorry driver recommended "mint chewing gum or coffee-flavoured sweets" as these "can help". However, although caffeinated drinks, like coffee or Redbull, also help, he doesn't normally have them. READ MORE: Cheapest destination for a summer holiday named  In fact, he urged drivers to "avoid them at all costs", especially once on the road, as "they can cause dangerous distractions". Caffeinated beverages "will make you go to the loo more often which can be very uncomfortable". Agustín continued: "Of course, never have alcohol, and always opt for light meals. It is recommended to avoid overindulging or eating foods you don't normally have which can make you feel more tired than usual and can lead to very incovenient 'stops' during the trip." Don't miss... Cheapest destination in Europe is an 'underrated jewel' [HOLIDAYS] Flight attendant says 'throw bottle under bed' to stay safe in hotel  [TRAVEL HACK] Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade [TRAVEL HACK] The former lorry driver revealed a hack that "most drivers don't know": how to get a freebie on the road. Although some drivers may not be eligible for this, "lorry drivers get a free coffee, a bottle of water or a sandwich or baguette in some petrol stations for large fuel purchases". "Sometimes, they even allow you to have a shower or to park at a CCTV-monitored parking," he added. In terms of other freebies for lorry drivers, "the transport companies often have deals with retailers that allow us to have special prices and discounts," Agustín explained. READ MORE: Britons should never leave without 'very helpful' item for UK holidays The expert also shared his "essentials" for a camping or caravan holiday, including the items he never leaves without. His "number one essential" is the GPS although you should never "fully trust it," he warned, as the "shortest route is not always the fastest or most convenient". "Personal hygiene items are also very important", for both the journey and when holidaymakers reach their destination. As an experienced lorry driver, he recommended "always carrying a mini MacGyver kit". "They often include zip ties, strong contact glue, duct tape and scissors. It is cheap, very easy to get and it doesn't take up any space." He advised camping and caravan holidaymakers always check their itinerary in advance, especially if they are not familiar with the roads. According to camping experts at Campsites, some of the most popular camping spots in the UK for 2023 are Beech Estate Campsite, in East Sussex, Barn Farm Campsite, in Derbyshire, and The Hideaway at Baxby Manor, in North Yorkshire. Other interesting camping holidays to explore this year are Ruberslaw Wild Woods Camping, in the Scottish Borders, Cwmdu Campsite, in Powys and Tregarton Park, in Cornwall.