A West Ham fan has been left in a critical condition in hospital after reportedly falling from the back of a moving minibus while in Cyprus for the Europa Conference League tie against AEK Larnaca. The 38-year-old is currently in Nicosia General Hospital with head injuries while the driver of the vehicle has been arrested after a positive drugs test. Police have confirmed they are investigating the incident which took place on Tuesday afternoon on the Paphos-Limassol highway. Six people were in the minibus at the time with one said to have fallen out the back window while in the possession of cocaine. He has been taken to hospital were he is in a critical but stable position. The driver of the vehicle was arrested on the scene after a preliminary drugs test was positive however he was not under the influence of alcohol. A police statement on the incident read: “One of the 38-year-old passengers, who was in the back seat, appears to have opened the window of the car and sat on it, causing him to lose his balance and fall to the road. “An ambulance was called to the scene, which initially transported the 38-year-old to the Limassol General Hospital and then, due to the seriousness of his condition, to the Nicosia General Hospital where he is being treated in a critical but stable condition. READ MORE West Ham board's five options to replace Moyes after Brighton thumping [COMMENT] “The 38-year-old was found in possession of four packages containing a quantity of a solid substance believed to be cocaine, with a total weight of one-and-a-half grams. “The 32-year-old driver of the vehicle was subjected to a breathalyser test with a zero reading, while in a preliminary drug test, the reading was positive.” West Ham fans have travelled in the numbers to the Mediterranean island for the next stage of their European adventure. AEK Larnaca are the opponents as the Hammers look to follow up last season’s run to the Europa League semi-finals by progressing in the Conference League. Don't miss... Liverpool backed to sign Rice as ideal partner in crime for Mount [TRANSFER NEWS] Arsenal and Man Utd to lose out on Rice as Man City have trump card [RUMOUR] Jack Wilshere will help Mikel Arteta lure Declan Rice to Arsenal [GOSSIP] David Moyes has admitted he is looking forward to the challenge ahead with the chance to win a trophy a huge motivating factor to he and his players. “To win any trophy being a manager or a player, very few get that opportunity,” he said. “Jose Mourinho showed how much it meant to him, he’s a serial winner. We wanted desperately to win the Europa League. We’ve got a job to do to reach a quarter-final now and I think that would be seen as a hell of an achievement to do that two years in a row.” Kick-off in Cyprus is at 5:45pm on Thursday with the second leg at the London Stadium next week.