It’s been six years since Johnny Depp starred in his fifth Pirates of the Caribbean movie. Since then the 59-year-old has been dropped from the franchise by Disney following a Washington Post op-ed by his ex-wife Amber Heard who claimed domestic abuse. The Jack Sparrow star strongly denies these claims and after losing a libel case in the UK he ended up winning one in the US. Since then his fans have been hoping that he’ll be reinstated for Pirates of the Caribbean 6 and his producer Jerry Bruckheimer certainly sounds incredibly supportive of him. Speaking with Deadline’s Behind the Lens with Pete Hammond, Bruckheimer said: “He’s just so good at what he does and actors recover from things like this, Depp’s a good individual and he’s a caring individual. He’s somebody that you can rely on and he’s just terrific.” When asked if Depp could return in Pirates 6, the 79-year-old replied: “I think Johnny is an utter friend and an amazing artist and, again, you go through things in life you wish you hadn’t, but he’s still a talented artist.” Interestingly, the producer has previously said he’d “love” for the star to reprise Jack Sparrow. Speaking previously with The Hollywood Reporter, Bruckheimer said: “You’d have to ask [Disney]. I can’t answer that question. I really don’t know. I would love to have him in the movie. He’s a friend, a terrific actor and it’s unfortunate that personal lives creep into everything we do.” The Pirates producer was also adamant that you can’t kill Jack Sparrow, even if Depp wanted to, adding: “You can’t. We tried to kill him. It didn’t work.” Although the star himself would take some convincing to return having said in his court case last year that he wouldn’t work with Disney again, even for hundreds of millions of dollars. Yet time does heal and people change their minds so who knows? Meanwhile, Bruckheimer also confirmed that Margot Robbie’s spin-off is still in the works. READ MORE: Johnny Depp's call makes sick boy's dream come true On working on Pirates 6, Bruckheimer said: “Oh God, they’re all hard. I think we’re getting very close on that one, too. We have a very good script. We developed two of them — the one with Margot Robbie and one with a younger cast. The Margot Robbie one needs a little more work. The younger cast one is close. Hopefully, we’ll get both of them. But Robbie said in an interview the project wasn’t happening. “It’s alive for me. It’s alive for Disney. I’m sure she was disappointed it didn’t go first — or maybe not because she’s very busy, so it might be a blessing to push this a bit. We believe we’ll get it made. It’s a very strong story.”