A "quiet academic" and "very able" schoolboy took his own life by jumping from Tower Bridge into the Thames after watching suicide-related content online during the lockdown, an inquest has heard. Zaheid Ali, a pupil at Ark Globe Academy in Elephant and Castle, was only 13 when he was pulled from the river near the Rotherhithe Tunnel eight days after starting school again after the Easter holidays. The bag of the 13-year-old teenage boy contained a suicide note according to one witness who swam to try and save him, Inner South London Coroners Court heard.  The Year Eight student's suicide note included lyrics from a Japanese song about a 14-year-old girl who kills herself. Zahaid's Twitter account contained posts referring to a countdown to his death. He had also been "following" suicide-related accounts on social media, the inquest was told. One of his classmates revealed to the court that a month before his death, Zaheid had his suicidal thoughts on a WhatsApp group. The text message said: "I hate life at the moment, I kind of give up. I might as well finish but don't tell anyone, that will make things worse." Una Sookun, Associate Principal at Ark Globe Academy, described Zaheid to Southwark Coroner's Court as a very "academically able" pupil who struggled during lockdown with online learning and maintaining a routine because he wasn’t physically attending school. On one occasion, he emailed a tutor at 1am to say: "Something is telling me that I won't be able to get out of bed. But I will be ok, even if the worst thing happens to me, I’m ok." A "small concern" was expressed in September 2020 after the 13-year-old posted religious words in a chat room at school. He "called for people to die" and said he should never have been born two months later in a similar chat channel, which did "raise some alarm" but was "nothing really out of the ordinary," Ms Sookun testified during the inquest. Zaheid's parents said they hadn't noticed any indications that he was worried about returning to Ark Globe Academy in Elephant and Castle, or that his behaviour was out of the ordinary, despite the fact that he was constantly on his phone. READ MORE: Rapists behind brutal attack on British schoolgirls jailed in Ghana They had also declined school offers to have the pupil go back to the school premises during the lockdown in January due to Covid concerns. His father Mumen Ali said during the court hearing he was "baffled" by what had happened to his son, who was born prematurely and suffered from a digestive disorder called internal malabsorption, as his behaviour seemed normal. They believed the reason he became "glued to his phone" and "stuck to his bedroom" was "hormones." Speaking of the WhatsApp messages, the school’s principal said she hopes this will be a "massive learning for many of the streets about raising the alarm straight away". Don't miss... Teenager struck by gritter lorry fighting for his life in hospital [LATEST] College in 'lockdown' as students shelter in gym and police scrambled [REPORT] Skipping breakfast can impact children's results at school [EXPLAINER] After eight "intensive" days of search by police, helicopters and lifeboats, his body was found near the Rotherhithe Tunnel. His system contained no alcohol or drugs, according to a toxicology analysis by Dr Rebecca Andrews. Pathologist Dr Simi George assigned immersion as his probable cause of death. Offering his "very sincere" and "deepest" condolences to the family, assistant coroner Dr Julian Morris said: "The age of 13 is too young for anybody." To which, Zaheid’s father replied: "When he was born, I didn't think he was going to survive. The 13 years that he gave us, thank God for that."If you are having extreme feelings of suicide or self-harm, please contact any of the following: The Samaritans or call 116 123 Childline is another free, private and confidential service to help anyone under 19 in the UK with any issue they’re going through.  READ NEXT:School pays tribute to 'joyful' former pupil killed in Wales car crashFull list of UK school closures today as nation braced for snow chaosEmmerdale couple torn apart as Marshall is put in grave dangerDozens of schoolgirls in hospital after 'playing with Ouija board'Jeopardy finalist fights back tears after pulling off impressive feat 