Traditionally, brown and blonde hair have existed separately, with women favouring rich, natural brunette tones in their hair and others preferring lighter, brighter blonde colours. Many women find themselves switching between the two during their lifetime, but the bronde hair colour trend means you no longer have to choose. Bronde is a colour technique that fuses brown and blonde and is considered “universally flattering” because each look is entirely different as it’s based on one’s skin tone, natural hair colour and texture. Two hairdressers have explained how to achieve bronde hair. Bronde is said to offer the best of both worlds; “combining the light and brightness of blonde hair with the richness of a deep brunette, creating a super-flattering sun-kissed hue”. It’s an ideal hair colour for anyone struggling to choose between going fully blonde or giving in to the dark side, as well as anyone worrying about whether they’ve got the right skin tone for it to complement and not clash. Bronde is made up of a “neutral undertone” that works with any skin tone as it’s not one set shade, it’s on a spectrum. Anyone looking to enhance their natural colour should consider bronde, as it can create warmth without a drastic all-over change. READ MORE: Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ Daniel Argenio, a hair expert with over 20 years of experience said to achieve “the most complementary” look, choose tones that are similar to your natural hair colour. By working with this naturally existing tone, it guarantees the new bronde finish complements natural regrowth, eye and skin tone. This means it’s a great choice for anyone who gets bored easily of their hair colour, as bronde can be grown out pretty seamlessly without taking a trip to the salon, making it “super low maintenance”. If you’ve never had your hair coloured or bleached, or have minimal application - no matter how dark your hair is - start by adding bronde around the face and through the ends. Don't miss... Asda, Tesco, Aldi and more recall popular products - full list  [NEWS] McVitie's digestives compared to supermarket’s own in a taste test  [REVIEW] Prince Harry tried to be ‘playful’ at BetterUp summit  [VIDEO] Anyone with previous colour or bleach on their hair should resist over-bleaching old highlights, it might be best to have a darker colour run through to tone the existing brightness down. Daniel suggested for best results, pop into a salon to discuss “highlights or lowlights” with a stylist. Another way to achieve bronde is by stylists “hand-painting lighter shades around the face” to “add brightness and volume” to the hair, giving that real sun-kissed look. The colour can be finished with “cool-toned gloss to enhance the beige-y undertones in the hair and achieve a cohesive, polished look”, hair stylist Miranda Furtado told She Finds. READ MORE: Best anti-ageing face exercises to get ‘taut and youthful skin’ Glosses can create “the most flattering tones for clients” as highlights or lowlights can be manipulated to suit undertones and preferences. In terms of what hair textures bronde works best on, ideally, you want bronde to be applied to the style you wear your hair the most - straight, wavy, curly. When it comes to bronde for curly hair, it can work with the shape of the curls, meaning more dimension is created. When caring for bronde hair, it can be tempting to use purple or silver shampoos to remove brassiness. But “don’t overuse” these products, because “bronde hair looks better with warmer tones”. Anyone looking to style bronde hair, curls, loose or dishevelled waves help show off the bronde technique. As does face-framing layers or curtain bangs that sit around the face.