Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been tipped to mark Coronation day with a special update about their son Archie. The Coronation is scheduled to take place on May 6, which also happens to be the boy's fourth birthday. Royal commentator Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could mark the occasion by releasing a new picture of Archie. The To Di For Daily host said: "I really think if we see anything around the Coronation, that would be a photo of Archie. "We haven't seen very much of Archie so that would be big news if we actually got to see him around the Coronation, which is on his birthday." Meghan and Harry have notoriously been very protective of their children's image, sparking a furious debate at Archie's birth by refusing to abide by royal tradition and appear for a photo call outside the hospital. The couple only agreed to have their photo taken two days after Archue was born at The Portland Hospital in London. READ THE LATEST ROYAL NEWS ON EXPRESS.CO.UK'S LIVE BLOG And rather than allowing photographers from several papers and agencies to take the snaps, they only allowed one pool photographer and a reporter to ask brief questions inside Windsor Castle. They have since limited the release of their children's photos to their birthdays. Coincidentally, Archie's fourth birthday will take place on the same day his grandfather is officially anointed as the new King. Last year, his younger sister Lilibet also had to share the spotlight as she turned one at the height of the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf' as couple put celeb pals in 'terrible position' The children both briefly appeared in their parents' Netflix documentary Harry & Meghan last year. Should the Duke and Duchess of Sussex decide to accept the King's invitation to the Coronation it is unclear whether they would bring Archie and Lilibet along. The duo escorted their parents to London for Her late Majesty's Jubilee last year but did not appear in public. While Archie was born in the UK and had the chance to spend time with Harry's side of the family, Lilibet's interactions with the royals have been limited since birth. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity hits new record low  [POLL] William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' [LATEST] Harry and Meghan 'won't appear on balcony' if they attend Coronation [INSIGHT] Expert Gareth Russell suggested earlier this year that Charles would leave the "door open" to Harry and Meghan by inviting them to the Coronation. Russell also noted the invitation is likely to extend to Archie and Lilibet as he said they would be "very welcome" to spend time with the Royal Family. He told US Weekly: "We do know King Charles III has kept the invitation to the Coronation open. "And he's made it really clear that not just the Duke of Duchess of Sussex but also Lilibet and Archie are very welcome in London in May for his coronation." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews