  Ex Love Island star Cynthia Otseh-Taiwo runs her own ‘cakes and cupcakes’ business - Cynful Treats, which is based in North London and is exclusively run through Instagram. The 25-year-old took to Instagram to announce she is back running her beloved bakery business following her stint on the hit ITV2 show and her fellow islanders have already shown their support by sharing the account.     Recently Cynthia was embroiled in a row with one Instagram user after they branded her prices a “rip off”, claiming they “would rather go to Greggs”, according to The Sun. Cynthia jumped to defend her business by replying “And if that's the case babe then you obviously cannot see the value in my work or the time and effort it takes to make sure someone's cake is perfectly suited to them. "Go and enjoy your Greggs… Hun x.” (sic) She proved her point beyond doubt by sharing some gorgeous cakes featuring alluring details through hand-piped icing and beautiful toppers. READ MORE: Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint     Cynthia later added: "I have spent YEARS trying to get people to understand that it's not ‘just cake’. “Do not disrespect the craft and skills that bakers have. This takes hours at times and I absolutely love doing it. “If you cannot appreciate the craft go and make it yourself or buy it from the supermarket." Her bakery page boasts over 7,500 followers - which is a slightly bigger following than her personal account - and has received support from some of her fellow castmates who have shared her posts.      Many Love Island stars who manage to win the nation’s hearts go from strength to strength after leaving the show. For others, however, their success and popularity can decrease swiftly - forcing them to return to their former lives. Back in December, Channel 4 aired the documentary ‘Life after Love Island: Untold’ which explored what life’s like for the reality stars after leaving the show. The eye-opening deep dive into the ITV show explored why some stars had made it big and some hadn’t. READ MORE... Johnny Depp surprises staff at Lincolnshire antique store [LATEST UPDATE] Stacey Solomon cleans ‘greasy’ hair after not washing it for 3 weeks [NEWS] Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable [NEWS]      The show included exclusives with Wes Nelson, Shaughna Phillips, Paige Turley and other fan favourites. Coco Lodge was one of the most memorable constants last year despite an incredibly short stint of just 12 days. The 28-year-old caused major controversy after entering Casa Amor and coupling up with Andrew Le Page – but was dumped from the island shortly afterwards. Andrew reignited his romance with Tasha Ghouri after breaking things off with Coco, and the pair went on to make it to the final.      Meanwhile, series 8 favourite Coco told Will Njbovu on his podcast that, following her departure, she had returned to being a shot girl just weeks after. She admitted this was just until she knew what was happening regarding “opportunities related to the show” according to the Daily Star. However, Coco also insisted that she “doesn’t care” about the “stigma” around islanders returning to their old jobs on the podcast Reality with Will Njbovu. "I'm not just going to live off my savings", she explained, adding that she was "excited" to return to her old profession.  