Food recalls are issued when there is a problem with a product, such as an undeclared ingredient, which could be harmful to certain individuals. When this happens, the company or supermarket informs its shoppers and advises them on what to do if they have already bought the product. Tesco is the latest major supermarket to issue a food recall. One of its products is unsafe to eat. The food retailer is recalling Tesco Arrabbiata Sauce because it may contain milk which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. The product comes in a pack 350g in size and has a best before date of March 2, 2023. READ MORE: How to look younger - 5 essential anti-aging skincare products to 'reduce fine lines' The Food Standards Agency (FSA) often publishes recent food recalls on its website, and it has done so with the Tesco food recall. In its risk statement, the FSA said: "This product may contain milk making it a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents." It also went on to explain the action taken by the company, saying: "Tesco is recalling the above product from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product. Please see the attached notice." DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] In its notice, Tesco said: "We have been made aware that one date code of Tesco Arrabbiata Sauce 350g may contain milk which is not declared on the packaging. "The product could pose a safety risk to those people with an allergy or intolerance to milk." The supermarket went on to explain what customers should do: "Please do not consume this product if you have an allergy to milk, return the affected product to store where a full refund will be given. No receipt is required. "Tesco apologises to our customers for any inconvenience caused. READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures "If you require further details, please contact Customer Services directly on: UK 0800 505 555 or ROI 1800 248 123." The FSA offered its advice to customers too. It said: "If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents do not eat it. "Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund, no receipt is required. "For further details please contact Tesco customer services on 0800 505 555." The FSA explained what food recalls are in general for those wanting to find out more. It said: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."