Pensioners are being warned of the ‘big caveat’ which may mean their NI contributions don’t count, when trying to top up their state pension. On BBC Money Box, reporter Dan Whitworth explained why people may choose to top up their NI record, and the best way to make use of the service before the deadline. He explained people can make NI contributions to boost their state pension payments. Normally people need 35 years to qualify for the full new state pension, and 10 years to qualify for anything at all. Some people may have gaps in their record for example if they have lived abroad, or taken time off for caring responsibilities. People can usually pay to fill in any gaps they have missed. A full NI year usually costs £824 but this can add up to £275 more each year to one’s state pension. Mr Whitworth said for a lot of people, this can be a “really good investment,” however he warned of a condition that is often overlooked and can leave people without any boost to their payment at all. He stated: “Big caveat though. It depends on your personal circumstances. “You need to check you’re not paying for years that make no difference to the value of your eventual state pension.” Don't miss... Barclays to close 41 branches in 2023 but 10 banking hubs set to open [LATEST] Woman shares ‘key’ tip that helps her make an extra £3,500 a month [LATEST] Hundreds of Nationwide customers paid £250 - how to apply for boost [LATEST] People can usually top up contributions from the past six years, however, due to changes to the state pension there has been this longer period where one can voluntarily cover any gaps from 2006 to 2016. HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) has confirmed an extension of the voluntary National Insurance deadline. Taxpayers will now have more time to fill in gaps in their records and boost their state pension payments. The deadline for top-ups within this period was originally April 5, but since the extension, Britons now have until July 31 to make NI contributions for this 10-year period if they have any gaps. READ MORE: Council tax set to rise by £100 a year but pensioners could get bill paid in full Victoria Atkins, the financial secretary to the Treasury, outlined why the Government has made this decision. She explained: “We’ve listened to concerned members of the public and have acted. “We recognise how important state pensions are for retired individuals, which is why we are giving people more time to fill any gaps in their National Insurance record to help bolster their entitlement.” With this move from the Government, thousands of taxpayers with incomplete years in their National Insurance records are likely to be better in retirement. Victoria Atkins, the financial secretary to the Treasury, outlined why the Government has made this decision. She explained: “We’ve listened to concerned members of the public and have acted. “We recognise how important state pensions are for retired individuals, which is why we are giving people more time to fill any gaps in their National Insurance record to help bolster their entitlement.” With this move from the Government, thousands of taxpayers with incomplete years in their National Insurance records are likely to be better in retirement. However, they will need to voluntary National Insurance payments to top up any incomplete or missing years to take advantage of this potential state pension boost. All taxpayers can go onto GOV.UK to check their record, get a state pension forecast and make contributions. Episodes of BBC Money Box are available on BBC Sounds.