Hulu’s dystopian drama The Handmaid’s Tale will come to an end with the release of season six and fans already have high expectations. Many believe cruel disciplinarian Aunt Lydia (played by Ann Dowd) would only go against Gilead if Janine Lindo (Madeline Brewer) was punished to death.  Since season one, Aunt Lydia has made a reputation for herself as the merciless matriarch of Gilead. Armed with her cattle prod, Lydia would use her high-ranking position to inflict harm as she trained women to become handmaids. This was seen during the season one finale when she beat Janine into order and cut out her eye for swearing. However, after experiencing Lydia’s wrath the pair developed a contradictory emotional connection. READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air  Viewers first saw Lydia's heart soften towards Janine after the handmaid’s mental state became fragile. Then again, when her appearance meant she was left out of a lavish party, Lydia called her by her first name and promised her cakes. As Lydia began to feel bad for what she did to Janine, her tough exterior began to crumble ins season five when the handmaid was admitted to the hospital after being poisoned. While Lydia sobbed by Janine’s bedside, fans speculated the only way Lydia would turn her back on Gilead was if it killed Janine.  Taking to a fan page on Reddit, u/ korbindallas_mult wrote: “I have a creeping feeling the writers might kill off Janine in order to have Aunt Lydia flip on Gilead. "I haven’t read Atwood’s continuation (The Testaments) however, I did come across a thread saying that in that novel Lydia had been working against Gilead. “In the show’s current storyline the only thing I could think of that would push her to that is if Janine was murdered by the government in some asinine way.” In the comments, u.southernbelle878 agreed: “With the finale, it really does look like that's where she's headed.” DON'T MISS...Star Trek Picard pays touching tribute to late original star [INSIGHT]The Handmaid's Tale's Bradley Whitford drops devastating season 6 upda [UPDATE]The Handmaid’s Tale fans convinced Hannah ‘saved’ by June’s mum [REACTION]  The viewer speculated: “I do think her final end will come, but in an honourable way, and late in the season if not the end. “She's been bubbling under the surface for years, she's bound to explode.” After Janine’s failed escape landed her back in the Red Center she accepted her fate and was seemingly done with any rebellion. However, after an unwanted posting at the soon-to-be former Mrs Putnam (Ever Carradine) and Commander Lawrence’s (Bradley Whitford) house, Janine’s rage returned. Speaking on Janine’s fate in season six, June Osborne star Elisabeth Moss stated: “I think it’s her being brave in the face of fear. June is scared. “But she was brave in the face of the fear, and Janine is brave for the other woman in her van. She sees that the other woman in the van is crying, and she knows that she has to be brave and calm for her. “June found her strength and her bravery having to be that for other people, not for herself. “She had to be brave and she had to be strong for the other women, and I think that’s what Janine is finding.”  The Handmaid’s Tale seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Hulu in the USA and on All4 in the UK. 