Chelsea boss Graham Potter will have been delighted at getting some respite from the constant questions over his future with his side's 1-0 win over Leeds at the weekend, but his misfiring forwards are hardly helping his cause. Wesley Fofana proved the hero of the day for Chelsea with a brilliant header in the second half, but Chelsea should have been out of sight by that point already.  Kai Havertz had several chances to find the back of the net while Joao Felix hit the woodwork in the first half. Raheem Sterling's dismal record in front of goal continued as well with the England international unable to find his shooting boots at the moment. It's a continuing trend for Chelsea this season that has been the root of their problems in the Premier League. They've scored just 24 goals in 25 games with only seven players scoring more than once - two of whom are defenders. Their defensive record is far better having conceded the same amount of goals as table-toppers Arsenal and Manchester City. But their record in front of goal ranks alongside basement side Bournemouth, who have scored exactly the same as Chelsea after 25 games. Leeds and Leicester, both of whom are fighting for their lives to avoid relegation, have also found the net more times than Potter's side this season. It's an issue that will certainly cause the biggest concern for Chelsea owner Todd Boehly, who has signed seven attackers since taking over last summer. Mykhaylo Mudryk has struggled to make an instant impact since joining in January, along with Noni Madueke. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang appears to be out in the shadows just months after his arrival while David Datro Fofana has barely featured. Don't miss... Chelsea have second Liverpool issue as Gvardiol 'held talks' with Reds [LATEST] Football LIVE - Fernandes escapes FA probe, Man Utd flops speak out [LATEST] Chelsea told they've already found their next Thiago Silva [LATEST] Felix looks as though he could be Chelsea's bright spark in attack, but he's only ever scored double digits in a league campaign once in his career. There's a point to be made that Potter may simply have too many options in attack to choose from with players unable to build up any momentum. But Havertz has started 21 of Chelsea's 25 Premier League games and the Blues boss would have certainly wanted more from the German forward. Trying to fix Chelsea's lack of goals will be Potter's biggest test and that could have to wait until the summer. And Boehly will want to start seeing a return on his big investments and there are certainly a few managers out there who would fancy their chances at getting Chelsea back up and firing.