Liberal Democrat peer Brian Paddick, 64, issued another message after previously sharing that he had been left "devastated" by the loss. The former I'm A Celebrity star announced on Monday that his beloved husband, Petter Belsvik, died at their home in Oslo. Taking to Twitter on Tuesday, Brian posted an update as he thanked social media users for their kind messages. He told his 14,700 followers: "Thank you everyone who has posted such kind and positive words. "I hope you will forgive me for not being able to respond to each of you individually, but I am so very grateful to each and everyone of you." Earlier this week, Brian shared the tragic news on his Twitter page that his "loving husband" had died. READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly hits back as viewer says she 'needs a makeover' He wrote: "My beautiful, loving husband, Petter Belsvik, has died suddenly at our home in Oslo. He was found peacefully alone, with no cause of death immediately apparent. "It will take some time to establish what happened. We were devoted to each other & I am devastated." He was inundated with messages of support online following the tragic news. The Liberal Democrat peer married the civil engineer 14 years ago. Petter was "found peacefully alone, with no cause of death immediately apparent" in his Norway home. Over the weekend he shared pictures on his social media account from Oslo after he posted photos from his trip to South Africa earlier this month. His final Instagram post comes just days after Brian announced the heartbreaking news. Petter shared a snap of the snow-covered trees, writing: "Brutalist snow." On February 14, he shared a selfie in the sunshine while sporting sunglasses, writing "glorious". Petter's last public picture with his husband Brian came in October 2022, as the former politician shared a snap of himself and Petter posing in front of a helicopter outside Hilo International Airport. "The Sun newspaper published a headline when I appeared naked on a reality tv show," Brain captioned the shot 21 weeks ago. "So here’s a re-run of ‘The Copper with the Chopper’!" Sky News journalist Kay Burley said: "My dear Brian, this is truly tragic news. All my thoughts are with you. Stay strong xxx" While Loose Women and I'm A Celeb's Charlene White wrote: "Oh my goodness Brian, I'm so so sorry… Sending you and the family my love xx." Former BBC Home Affairs correspondent and journalist Danny Shaw wrote: "So sorry to hear that Brian. What a terrible shock. Thinking of you." Brian and Petter met in a bar while on holiday in Ibiza before they went on to tie the knot in Norway back in 2009.