Rishi Sunak is under pressure to sack any Tory MPs who vote against the Government's Immigration Bill this evening. Two Tory MPs - Caroline Nokes and Chris Skidmore - have publicly said they will vote against the bill, which was introduced by Home Secretary Suella Braverman last week. A Number 10 source told the Daily Express that this evening's vote is a three-line whip, but downplayed any chance of the whip being removed from Tory rebels, saying it is "clearly not a confidence vote”. One Tory MP was furious with Number 10's refusal to threaten MPs with consequences should they refuse to back the bill, telling The Daily Express: "It's weak, and weakness will be what brings down the government". They added, "What is the point of the whip? There has been a complete breakdown of collective responsibility among ministers, of course lefty backbenchers are going to believe they’re going to get away with it." Another MP, from a Red Wall constituency, said: "I think they should lose the whip. Simple. "This is such an important issue and such a key pledge that if they rebel against the government I'm not sure how they can even campaign for the Conservative Party at the next election."  Another added: "This Bill was one of the Prime Minister's five key pledges that we must deliver on. "It is a top priority and is absolutely essential for us to win the next election. It is a particularly strong issue in the Red Wall seats. Clearly, colleagues who go against this should lose the whip." Meanwhile, Blue Collar Conservatism group chairman Brendan Clarke-Smith, MP for Bassetlaw, said: "Already the moaners are out and seemingly don’t care that we’ve had 40,000 people in the last year illegally entering this country. On top of this, it is also costing the taxpayer a fortune. People have had enough of seeing expensive hotels being filled up and the strain it is also putting on our public services and NHS." Writing on Facebook, he added: "Maybe those opposed to this Bill should offer to house them instead whilst their claims are processed?"  He said the Bill is both the "sensible thing to do", as well as being the "fair and humane thing to do". Mr Clarke-Smith continued: "I challenge anybody who doesn’t support it to explain to their constituents how they would stop the small boats. The alternative is open borders, blanket approvals of cases and amnesties for those who cheat our system. My constituents won’t tolerate that and neither will I." Ms Nokes said the new bill filled her with "absolute horror", questioning how they would act as a "deterrent" to people attempting to cross the channel. Mr Skidmore announced he would not be backing the bill on Twitter, saying: "I am not prepared to break international law or the human rights conventions that the UK has had a proud history of playing a leading role in establishing. He added: "I will not be voting for the bill tonight."  On Monday, the Home Secretary introduced new legislation to stop the small boats crisis once and for all by deporting tens of thousands of people entering the UK illegally. The new legislation will stop asylum, modern slavery, and human rights laws being used by migrants who have breached Britain’s borders. In her statement to the Commons, Ms Braverman warned that "patience has run out" adding that the "law-abiding patriotic majority have said enough is enough". 