It is surely written in the stars. Two goals down, seemingly doomed and somehow Arsenal pulled themselves up from the depths of defeat to earn the biggest three points of their entire season. Substitute Reiss Nelson - one of the club's own - was the hero, netting a 97th-minute winner to keep his side's Premier League title dream firmly on track as Manchester City continue to fight their ongoing uphill battle to catch the leaders, who are beginning to showcase all the qualities of champions.  Mikel Arteta's players deserve all the plaudits as they got their head coach out of jail - despite their own shaky collective display - as the Spaniard's name boomed around the Emirates Stadium at the full-time whistle. His team selection was questionable but his positive changes were the key catalyst in wrestling back the game as it threatened to run away from them. Bournemouth were ahead after just nine seconds when Phillip Billing stunned the hosts before Marcos Senesi doubled the Cherries' lead in the second half as Arsenal seemingly began to crack under the pressure. But they dusted themselves down and responded well as Thomas Partey and substitute Ben White stepped up to draw the Gunners level before utter stoppage-time bedlam when Nelson struck a last-gasp winner to preserve Arsenal's five-point lead at the summit. Prior to this rollercoaster encounter, Arsenal were flying after recovering from a brief mid-season wobble and with a two-legged Europa League knockout clash with Sporting on the horizon, surely any temptation to rotate would have been better served in Europe with hungry champions City hot in pursuit of the Gunners following their 2-0 lunchtime victory over Newcastle. READ MORE: VAR ignores Bournemouth kick-off blunder before rapid ninth-second goal rocks Arsenal But in came Takehiro Toimyasu, Partey and Fabio Vieira anyway as White, Granit Xhaka and Jorginho dropped out of the team that thrashed the Toffees 4-0 in midweek. It's clear the changes somewhat backfired as Arsenal were a shadow of their usual red-hot selves before the comeback as they struggled to get out of first gear. Gary O'Neil's side were ruthless and capitalised on their chances before they were dealt a heartbreaking, damaging late blow. Much to their credit, Arsenal displayed the heart of champions to fight their way back into the game but given the Cherries are fighting relegation, this is a match they simply had to win prior to kick-off. And they eventually found a way, by hook or by crook. Starting Toimyasu against Manchester City was a decision Arteta quickly lived to regret last month. For all of the Japan international's defensive qualities, he was off the pace that night and it cost Arsenal dearly in a match that could still prove decisive come the end of the campaign. His lacklustre back pass gifted Kevin De Bruyne the opener totally against the run of play before his marker Jack Grealish steered home City's second after the interval.  Tomiyasu is often fielded to prioritise defensive security after he coped impressively up against Mohamed Salah in October when Arsenal pipped Liverpool to a 3-2 victory in a pulsating end-to-end thriller. It's clear Arteta considers Tomiyasu to be one of his most dependable players but on this occasion, it appears the Spaniard was trying to be too clever for his own good as he channelled his inner Pep Guardiola. Guardiola is often guilty of overcomplicating his team selections and rotating where it is sometimes not necessary. That was the case here on Saturday as Arsenal's recent momentum was disrupted by the spirited Cherries. While Tomiyasu is usually very sturdy at the back, he does not provide the same kind of chemistry as White with the likes of Bukayo Saka and Martin Odegaard in attack and that was much to Arsenal's frustration as they went in behind at the break. White then replaced Tomiyasu at the interval and although Arsenal went 2-0 down in another major second-half scare, they weathered the storm and slowly began to show their quality in possession. The ex-Brighton man was at the heart of that and he began to help the Gunners build from the back as they finally got themselves out of first gear to fight their way back into the game. Arsenal pulled one goal back through Partey before White himself drew the hosts level to once again display his importance as he stepped up in a crucial moment for his side - despite his frustration at being dropped to the bench. The versatile, makeshift right-back is one of the unsung heroes of this Arsenal side as he helps the likes of Saka and Odegaard thrive in the attacking aspect of their game while also providing convincing cover defensively. White is always on the overlap and he plays the right passes into both attack-minded players, while also adding an attractive balance to Arteta's side. His introduction was integral to Arsenal's revival on the field - as was Nelson's with the winger setting up the equaliser before netting the crucial winner - and their composure on the ball and decisive instincts eventually helped them get over the line once they cleared their heads following an almighty, season-defining scare. This was another huge learning curve for both Arteta and Arsenal and there is every chance the Spaniard may now think twice when preparing to shuffle his pack during the run-in. It nearly cost the Gunners dearly on this occasion but eventually, their class and character shone through.