King Charles, 74, reportedly did not want to reside at Windsor Castle because of the noise created by Heathrow Airport. But the King has recently made a number of renovations to the late Queen's favourite home, indicating that he may want to move there. Employees have reportedly moved some of the new monarch's possessions into storage, and workmen have begun cleaning up Queen Elizabeth's private chambers. The King, who has always had a strong interest in environmental issues and sustainability, has implemented many eco-friendly changes at Windsor Castle. Firstly, charging points for electric cars have been placed on the grounds, which is brilliant for the location of the castle. Windsor Castle has 1,000 rooms and it has housed many monarchs over the years.  READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby Inside, the rooms of Windsor Castle are full of historic artworks, ornate walls, and antique furniture. There are even thought to be more than 400 clocks placed throughout the iconic castle.  The State Apartments are where the King welcomes heads of state. The Grand Reception Room is also extremely beautiful. In addition, the Green Drawing Room is decked out with emerald furniture and gorgeous chandeliers.  Don't miss... Queen Camilla loves eating ‘leftovers’ - a look at royal’s diet [FOOD] Kate's children enjoy her curries - but only one is 'good with heat' [DIET] Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims [ROYAL] Another room, known as the Crimson Drawing Room, is very striking due to its red walls and gold gilding. The late Queen was photographed inside Windsor Castle's Oak Room last year. Pictures showed a grey fireplace covered in antiques and a comfy seating area. The late monarch also welcomed Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to the Oak Room.  READ MORE: Meghan's 'life-changing' beauty treatment plus how to do it at home When US President Joe Biden and First Lady Jill Biden visited the late Queen in 2021, the Grand Corridor of Windsor Castle could be seen. St George's Chapel is a popular royal wedding venue at Windsor Castle. Prince Edward and Sophie, Countess of Wessex tied the knot at the historic chapel back in 1999. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, and Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank, all followed suit in 2018.  The Order of the Garter takes place in St George's Chapel, and at the yearly Garter Day Service, royal members of the Order attend. King George VI and Queen Elizabeth II, and the Queen Mother, as well as other members of the Royal Family, have been laid to rest at St. George's Chapel. The ancient apartments constructed for King Charles II and his wife Queen Catherine can also be toured by guests at Windsor Castle, which is frequently open to the public. Also, visitors can see Queen Mary's Dolls' Home, a complex object made for the Queen's maternal grandmother.