Chelsea should consider selling Mason Mount this summer but only for a fee of £100million, claims former Blues defender Glen Johnson. Manchester United and Liverpool have both been linked with a move for the England international. Mount's contract at Chelsea expires at the end of next season. He has rejected all offers of a renewal so far. The 24-year-old wants his salary to be in line with the highest-paid players at Stamford Bridge. But club chiefs are yet to offer a contract he deems suitable. United are said to be admirers of Mount and keeping an eye on his situation. There have been stronger links over a move to Anfield.  Read more... Bruno Fernandes could be toast after Man Utd boss Ten Hag's comment [OPINION] Johnson says a resolution over Mount's future must be found this summer. He does not think Chelsea can risk letting him leave for free in 2024 but reckons they should bring in around £100m if a rival wants him this year. Johnson told Betfred: "The clock is ticking and Chelsea need to be bold regarding the business side of it. This whole situation regarding Mason being linked with a couple of Premier League clubs seems like a bit of a bluff tactic to me. "The longer it goes without Mason signing a new deal, then Mason’s position will continue to get stronger and the club knows that, so I think Chelsea wouldn’t want to sell him to a Premier League side. But if it gets to the end of the summer transfer window and he’s still not signed a new deal, then they will have to sell him to a rival Premier League club because they can’t risk the prospect of letting him go on a free.  Don't miss... Inside Dele Alli's rocky romance with Pep Guardiola's model daughter [INSIGHT] FIFA clear the path for Qatar takeover of Man Utd [REPORT] Ronaldo appeal made for Salah after Liverpool star breaks record [QUOTES] "In 2024, if Mason’s contract does expire, then he’d probably go to a rival Premier League club on a free anyway. If he doesn’t sign a new deal, then Chelsea may as well bite the bullet and take the money for him because you’d rather sell him for £100m, than see him leave for free. "The club will probably try and do the best deal they can this summer, in terms of selling him for good money or getting him to re-sign. They can’t risk letting him leave for free." Mount missed Tuesday's Champions League comeback win over Borussia Dortmund due to suspension. He was also out of the squad for the 1-0 victory over Leeds in the Premier League on Saturday due to injury. But he had already slightly fallen out of favour under Graham Potter. Mount started the recent games against Tottenham and West Ham from the bench.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here