Jackie Hartlaub is a chef who enjoys posting her creations on social media and has recently gone viral for her bacon idea which has garnered over 15 million views. She posted a video showing how to make twisted bacon, the delicious savory treat that can be used for a weekend breakfast or used as a party snack. Jackie began her video and said: “Okay, this is one of the best hacks I’ve learned from TikTok.” She revealed her creation, which looked like golden sizzling bacon with an unusual twist. She said: “I’ve seen videos making this twisted bacon, and it looks so good, it is the perfect combination of crispy and chewy.” Jackie first began by putting parchment paper on an oven tray and said it was important to cut the sheets of parchment paper so that it lines up with your tray before placing it in the oven. She then unveiled her uncooked bacon and began taking one bacon, twisting it and then placing it onto the oven tray. She did this several times, with two pounds of bacon until the whole tray was full. READ MORE: Dementia: The 76p food that could make your brain 19 years younger Jackie then placed the tray in the oven at 480 Fahrenheit (250 Celcius) for around 20 minutes. She then filmed herself taking the tray out of the oven and said “Flip (the bacon) over and then put it in again for another 20 minutes.” The chef then took her creation out of the oven, to reveal bacon sizzling and said it “turned out perfect.” Bacon twists are simple enough to make and can be served as a breakfast dish or even as a party snack. While making the twisted bacon, make sure it is twisted tightly so it does not unravel, and make make sure to only cook one layer at a time, so the bacon is not stacking on top of each other and does not cook properly. Don't miss... Group tried to feed trapped bear Pop-Tarts and cat food [LATEST] Genius fried egg technique to flip them and never break the yolk [REPORT] Boy, 6, orders $1,000 worth of food on dad's phone (and tips 25%) [REVEAL] The bacon treats can also be added to bring out different flavours, and other people online have added lemon pepper, cajun spruce, or even Italian seasoning before placing it in the oven. They are also the perfect food to use for dipping and can be served with ranch, honey mustard, or BBQ sauce. In Jackie’s video comment section, people were thinking about how they would cook their own trusted bacon. One user said: “I can see the possibilities, I would add maple syrup, brown sugar, or maybe even tabasco.” Another user named Sonny said: “I think we need to invite brown sugar to the party! Looks awesome.” One user said: “You can never have too much bacon. it's quite literally impossible, I am going to try this” while somebody else said: “I made this and rolled it in chili powder, it was so good.” Somebody else wrote: “Just tried it and it was amazing! I popped it in the oven at 375 for 10 minutes on each side and then in the air fryer at 400 for five minutes.” However, one chef has a recommendation for the bacon treat and said: “Do everything the same, but roll the bacon around in asparagus and cook in the exact same way. Thank me later.”