Paragon Bank has announced it is increasing interest rates for its two, three and five-year fixed-rate cash ISA range to a “market-leading” level. On top of this, the bank is relaunching its Triple Access ISA in a savings boon for its customers. Following Paragon Bank’s most recent intervention, the interest rates across the two, three and five-year fixed-rate cash ISAs will rise from 3.85 percent to 4.15 percent. With this move, the five-year savings account is “market-leading” and the two-year ISA is joint leading among its peers. Furthermore, the bank’s newly relaunched Triple Access ISA will have an interest rate of 3.10 pecent AER. The hiked rate on the fixed-rate savings accounts will be accessible to savers from March 10, while the Triple Access ISA is available as of today. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Savers only have weeks left to take advantage of this interest rise and utilise their ISA allowance at the same time. Through the Triple Access savings account, customers are able to make three withdrawals within a 12-month period without affecting their interest rate. If a fourth withdrawal is made, the interest rate will be reduced significantly to 0.75 percent AER. Despite this, Paragon Bank’s customers can make unlimited deposits without penalty or restrictions, with the account available on balances between £1 and £500,000. Derek Sprawling, the savings director at Paragon Bank, outlined why the financial insitution has opted to increase interest rates and launch a new ISA account at this time. He explained: “We have bolstered our range of fixed-range ISAs to give savers more options ahead of the close of the tax year, which is rapidly approaching. “Our aim is to offer consistently competitive cash ISA products and we feel that we have given savers a wide choice with this range, including options for those happy to lock money away and those that may need access to their cash more readily. “All of our ISAs are eligible for our ISA Wallet feature, which enables savers to split their annual subscription between product categories to suit their individual circumstances.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing As it stands, the deadline for this year’s ISA allowance is currently at midnight on April 5, 2023. Bank and building society customers have until this date and time to add to their tax-free savings accounts. If any savers miss this deadline, they will lose any unused allowance for this present tax year. All taxpayers in the UK get an ISA allowance for each tax year which restricts how much someone can save in a tax-free cash or investment ISA. Currently, the ISA allowance for the tax year 2022/2023 is £20,000 which is applied to all savers 16 or over. It should be noted that young adults aged 16 and 17 have an extra Junior ISA limit of £9,000. Savers can put away up to £20,000 into any combination of permitted ISAs without having to pay tax. Hypothetically, a bank customer can put away their savings across a cash ISA or stocks and shares equivalent.