Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher has claimed that his Sky Sports colleague Gary Neville pulled out of punditry duties for Monday Night Football due to Manchester United's 7-0 drubbing by the Reds on Sunday. The pair were on commentary duties for the humiliation at Anfield and Carragher did not hesitate to taunt the former United man. Carragher took to Twitter to announce that Neville was not going to be making an appearance to cover Fulham's trip to Brentford on Monday evening, when the duo typically analyse the weekend's games alongside a guest. "Gary Neville has cried off from MNF," Carragher tweeted on Monday afternoon alongside several laughing emojis, before asking supporters which analysis they wanted to see the most on the show. He was asked in the replies if Neville had "bottled it", to which Carragher added a 100 emoji, indicating that Neville will not be appearing on the programme. Carragher and fellow Liverpool icon Graeme Souness repeatedly taunted Neville and Roy Keane during and after the drubbing, which Neville did not take too kindly to at the time and has not commented on Carragher's claim that he won't be attending the Sky show on Monday.  Don't miss... Ferguson's response to Man Utd's Liverpool loss sees history repeat [LATEST] Neville accused Carragher and Neville of "gloating like children" in the wake of Liverpool's most impressive performance of the season. "I don't think when Jurgen Klopp analyses that game tomorrow - the momentum from that he'll take - but I don't think he'll think 'we're back'," Neville said before Souness interrupted him. "Look at them. You're gloating like little children," Neville replied. "I've seen Liverpool for five or six years and they've put in some of the best performances I've ever seen. They're still not back anywhere near that level." Don't miss... Rooney sent controversial advice to Rashford before Man Utd revival [LATEST] Man Utd star De Gea sends candid message to fans after Liverpool loss [LATEST] Bellingham hints at who he prefers out of Liverpool and Man Utd online [LATEST] Carragher hit back at Neville by questioning his decision to only criticise United players and not praise the team that had put seven past Erik ten Hag's outfit: "You've got to give credit to the team that win 7." But a prickly Neville replied: "I've given you credit James. You've won 7-0. Congratulations you've got three points, well done." Souness, amused that Neville called Jamie 'James', then added: "I've never heard him call you James before. You've got him. You've got him." Sky have been contacted for comment.