Manchester United football director John Murtough's reaction to Sunday's 7-0 defeat at Liverpool has emerged. The Red Devils were humiliated at Anfield, suffering the joint-worst defeat in the club's storied history, and Murtough reportedly offered a six-word verdict of the collapse. Erik ten Hag took his in-form side to Merseyside full of confidence that he could be the one to end a barren run of results at Liverpool. The hope of snatching three points from Anfield for the first time since 2016 heightened after a competitive first 40 minutes, in which United had two guilt-edged chances to take the lead. But a seven-game winless turned into eight in nightmare fashion rapidly as United cheaply conceded before the break before shipping six goals in the second half. According to the Mail, Murtough was overheard verbally making his thoughts known after the miserable humbling. The 49-year-old, from Longsight and a former member at the club, said: "Had better days, that's for sure." That assessment was an understatement on United's worst afternoon in the Premier League era, which served as a cut-throat reminder of how far Ten Hag's rebuild has to go. Read more... Messi may have played last Champions League game in good Ronaldo news [NEWS] The Dutchman has enjoyed a successful maiden season at Old Trafford, already ending a six-year trophy drought at the first time of asking in February. United defeated Newcastle United 2-0 at Wembley as Casemiro and Marcus Rashford, fittingly his two most important players, scored the decisive goals. The M16 giants are also in fine nick in the Premier League, sitting third, seven points ahead of fifth-placed Liverpool despite last weekend's mauling. And Ten Hag also has his side still battling in two other competitions ahead of a Europa League last-16 tie with Real Betis and an FA Cup sixth-round encounter with Fulham this month. Don't miss... Tottenham mocked for £1bn stadium flaw as fan shares AC Milan view [WATCH] Tottenham vs AC Milan kick-off delayed as Champions League disrupted [NEWS] Declan Rice to Arsenal 'very realistic' as Gunners ready to go big [TRANSFERS] But shades of last season's consistent capitulations were on show at Anfield, acting as a warning sign for the remainder of the campaign. In the background of United's on-the-pitch exploits, the process surrounding what could be the biggest sporting sale in history has entered its second phase. And Murtough will reportedly be central to talks with bidders planned to take place at Old Trafford in the coming weeks. Representatives of Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani and INEOS boss Sir Jim Ratcliffe are expected in Manchester next week. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here