King Charles is reportedly making attempts to move on from past issues with Prince Harry and Meghan as the monarch approaches his Coronation. It has been reported that the new monarch wants to move from past scandals before the much-awaited Coronation in May.  The development comes as the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been asked to vacate the Frogmore Cottage. The Sussexes confirmed in a statement on Wednesday evening and said: “We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” According to the reports, Frogmore Cottage will be offered to Prince Andrew after King Charles promised that he would not leave his brother homeless or penniless. The plans outlined by the new monarch are believed to be supported by the other senior royals of the family including Queen Consort Camilla, Prince and Princess of Wales.  It is understood there has been a flurry of letters and emails between Buckingham Palace and the couple’s home in Montecito, California, in the last seven weeks, reported The Sun. The Sussexes were initially given a few weeks to pack up and leave the keys. But after fraught negotiations, they have until after the Coronation to ship their belongings. A source told the publication: “Charles wanted to start after his Coronation with the issues of Harry and Meghan and Andrew put to bed.  READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'resisting' Frogmore move as he doesn't want to downsize “The situation has dragged on far too long and he wanted to act decisively and quickly.” The publication further speculated that the Sussexes could ask for the Royal Family to pay them back money they spent on Frogmore. The publication claimed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have returned £2.4m to the taxpayer spent on renovations and paid a substantial amount to cover future rent. However, the eviction cuts short the lease agreement by several years, The Sun reported.  DON'T MISS:Huge search and rescue mission launched in Sussex [BREAKING]British takeaway sparks outrage for 'blow torching chicken in trolley' [REACTION]Panicked teachers set off fire alarms as school riot breaks  [SPOTLIGHT] Harry and Meghan, now based in the US, were gifted five-bed Frogmore Cottage by the Queen and have kept it as their UK residence. Meanwhile, Andrew is said to be resisting attempts to move to Frogmore. He has told friends he fears he will not be able to afford the upkeep at his current home Royal Lodge in Windsor when his annual £249,000 grant is slashed from next month. 