Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were asked by King Charles III to vacate Frogmore Cottage on the Windsor Estate, leaving the Duke and Duchess of Sussex without a UK base, and a new Express.co.uk poll has shown a staggering 88 percent of readers support the decision. The couple retained the Grade-II listed royal property, which was gifted to them by Queen Elizabeth II, when they stepped down from the Firm three years ago. However, they were ​​reportedly issued an eviction notice by Buckingham Palace in January, days after Harry published his tell-all memoir Spare. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Harry and Meghan’s spokesperson said: “We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” Royal correspondent Jack Royston said that the decision could make Harry and Meghan’s future visits to the UK “more complex”. He explained: “If Harry and Meghan do lose Frogmore it will sever a final major tie between them and Britain, which would make return visits to the country far more complex. “Frogmore comes with de facto police security because it is on the private estate around Windsor Castle, meaning it is not only a haven from press intrusion and royal watchers but is also protected from terrorist attacks and assassination attempts. So losing Frogmore for Harry and Meghan would mean far more than losing a home." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's Frogmore eviction will 'only make things worse' In a set of polls that ran from 3pm on Friday, March 3, to 2pm on Tuesday, March 7, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Is King Charles right to evict Harry and Meghan from Frogmore Cottage?” Overall, 12,510 readers responded to this question, with the vast majority, 88 percent (11,027 people) answering “yes” in support of the King’s decision. Whereas 11 percent (1,420 people) said “no” Harry and Meghan should retain Frogmore Cottage, and a further one percent (63 people) said they did not know either way. Then, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Where should Harry and Meghan stay on future UK visits?” A total of 12,581 readers voted, with the most popular response in favour of them staying in a hotel, with 56 percent (7,052 people) of votes cast. Meanwhile, 28 percent (3,565 people) said the couple should stay in another royal residence and nine percent (1,123 people) answered that they should keep Frogmore Cottage. A further five percent (674 people) said they did not know, and just 167 people thought Harry and Meghan should be given another royal property. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts in a lively discussion. Don't miss... Prince Harry knew naming his daughter Lilibet would 'cause trouble' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry 'won't come to Coronation' to 'punish' Royal Family [LATEST] POLL: Should William and Kate move to Royal Lodge? [POLL] The overall consensus among readers was in support of the couple being asked to vacate Frogmore Cottage. Username MrsMitchell said: “Perfectly appropriate for the King's Crown Estates to decline to renew Harry’s lease when it expires in June.” Username Natgem said: “King Charles is spot-on. He has made the right decision.” Another, username jennyjones27, wrote: “Since they are not residents in the UK it seems inappropriate for them to keep a house empty for years on end.” Other readers suggested places where Harry and Meghan could stay on future visits to the UK. Username alexa10 commented: “They rarely used the place…what’s the big deal! “If they ever visit London they can stay in a 5-star hotel, and many 5-star suites actually have the use of a private butler plus security!” Username Paula_Boo said: “King Charles is absolutely right to cease the renewal of the lease on Frogmore. They only lived in it full-time for six months. Let them stay with friends or book a hotel. They should not be allowed to stay at Windsor Castle.” ITV’s Lorraine Kelly also suggested that the couple “get a hotel” on future visits. Meanwhile, username butterscothch wrote: “They have a multi-million house in America, so they no longer require a home on the Royal estate. If they want a base in England then they can buy one. Not difficult to find one that would suit their needs.” In reply, username magie said: “Totally agree, if they want a property in the UK they should buy one themselves.”  Royal historian Marlene Koenig said the Sussexes could still have safe accommodation by staying at other royal residences. She told Express.co.uk: “Harry apparently views Frogmore Cottage as ‘the only place left that's safe’ which for me is a strange comment. Why? There are plenty of rooms at Windsor Castle where they could stay if they choose to come to the UK.” Harry and Meghan have reportedly been offered a suite of rooms in Buckingham Palace. A source told the Mail on Sunday that the King does not wish to “deprive” the Sussex family of a place to stay. They added: “London is a better fit. The Sussexes have always wanted rooms at Buckingham Palace. They could have Andrew's old rooms there, which are currently being vacated.”