That’s why I’ve looked on with a sense of sadness this week at the latest twist in the saga between the King and his estranged son, Prince Harry. Deary me, when is this ever going to end? It’s turning into a saga worthy of a plot line out of Eastenders or Coronation Street.  Earlier this year, in the days after Harry released his book, Spare, I wrote in this column about how Harry and William needed to get together and try to settle their differences man-to-man. If I ever have a problem with one of my brothers, I’ll pick up the phone and thrash it out.It would now appear that any hope of that happening between Harry and William is long gone. In fact, according to reports, Harry hasn’t communicated in months with either his brother or his father.So now Harry finds himself facing eviction from the one place in the UK where he said he felt safe and secure - Frogmore House. I doubt many folk, grappling this week with the prospect of increased energy bills and a continued cost of living crisis, will have much sympathy over the fact Harry is facing exile from his grace and favour pad. People will have even less sympathy, I suspect, for Prince Andrew, who is reportedly going to be asked to swap his vast Royal Lodge for the more “pokey” former marital home of the Sussexes. Folk will rightly point to the gazillions Harry has in the bank from Netflix and his book and say he has more than enough money to buy his own house. And they’d be right. Moreover, Harry has repeatedly made it clear he wants to live a more normal life away from the glare of publicity and Royal duty. So now, if he wants to retain a home in the UK, he will have to face the same challenges as ordinary folk in popping along to an Estate Agent and arranging some viewings. Good luck with that!For me, the really interesting part of all this is the timing. Charles apparently made the decision to boot out his son from Frogmore just a day or so after Spare was released. I remember thinking at the time that the King would likely be most upset and angry at the way Camilla was dragged into all of this by Harry. And asking Harry and Meghan to leave Frogmore is a clear sign of just how angry this left Charles.  But as angry as the King might be, I am also convinced of one thing - he will still love and care deeply for his son. As any father lucky enough to have a son will tell you the bond you share is like nothing else. It’s unbreakable. So, I doubt he has taken any pleasure in this decision, not least because it risks ensuring Harry remains in permanent exile from his father and the rest of the family.Only time will tell if that changes, and the pair can repair their relationship. I sincerely hope one day they can. 