Households have experienced an exponential rise in their energy bills over the past year with many turning to heat pumps for more long-term savings. Despite interest in the flagship Boiler Upgrade Scheme being slammed as “disappointingly low”, experts are still urging the Government to continue the rollout of heat pumps across the country. This follows a House of Lords report into the Boiler Upgrade Scheme which deemed it unsuccessful in delivering affordable energy-efficient technology to households, such as heat pumps. Notably, the report criticised the lack of communication between the Government and the public about the scheme’s benefits. Through the Boiler Upgrade Scheme, grants are given to households and businesses to assist in covering the installation costs of setting up a heat pump or biomass boiler. These payments include a: READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Currently, it is not possible to get a grant for a hybrid heat pump system, which can include a combination of a gas boiler and an air source heat pump. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, consumer champion Will Hodson referred to the scheme as a “disappointment” but placed the blame squarely on the Government’s doorstep and not on the technology itself. He explained: “My worry about the heat pump scheme was always twofold. First of all, it needs a really clear explanation because most of the public doesn't know what a heat pump is. And they've not had it explained to them. “Second, you need to bring the general energy efficiency of the housing stock up to a level where it makes sense for people to get a heat pump. I think the Government has failed on both fronts.” In its assessment of the Boiler Upgrade Scheme, the House of Lords’ report determined the Government’s target would “would unlikely be met”. As well as this, the £5,000 to £6,000 provided does not cover the initial cost of installing a heat pump into someone’s home. Since October 2022, energy bills have increased by 27 percent on average for households with typical usage. Gas and electricity costs are also set to rise by £500 in April with pending changes to the energy price cap, with heat pumps being viewed as a potential money-saving alternative down the line. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Mr Hodson called for clear communication from the Government when it comes to the Boiler Upgrade Scheme going forward, as well as with similar initiatives. The energy expert added: “Heat pumps should not be seen as a unique niche technology. Installation shouldn't be seen as a random installation. “Every home in Britain should be at some stage on the same journey, which is a journey towards a warmer, cosier more affordable home. “For some people, that means getting insulation in your loft. For other people, who are further along the path, t might mean getting a heat pump. Looking ahead to the Spring Budget this month, he said the Government should focus on long-term solutions to addressing the hike in energy bills which will likely include heat pumps playing a part. The founder of How to Save It claimed: “The Government is focused on the shortest-term, hand-to-mouth solutions. “To be clear, I think they should freeze the rates on the price cap at £2,500 rather than increasing them to £3,000 pounds a year for the average home. “But, I also think they should accompany that freeze with more investment in energy, but only Jeremy Hunt knows when that's going to happen.” A Government spokesperson said: “Despite it being a challenging year for the energy sector, the Boiler Upgrade Scheme has paid out £38.3million of vouchers to installers so far. “Industry has reacted positively to the Boiler Upgrade Scheme during its first year, with suppliers developing competitive offers alongside the grant. “We’ve recently launched a targeted marketing campaign to increase public awareness, with the scheme also being part of the government’s wider energy efficiency awareness campaign.”