Alyssa Armstrong is a professional cleaner from Michigan who owns the business Alyssa’s Deep Cleaning Company. On social media, Alyssa has gone viral on her TikTok account @alyssascleaningcompany, where she has shared the best tricks for giving your bathroom a proper cleaning. In one video, Alyssa shared her top tick for easily cleaning your shower. She said: “If you guys aren’t doing this shower cleaning hack, you’re missing out.” Alyssa’s trick was to use a dish wand, that can be bought on Amazon for around $12 (£10) or cheaper. She said: “Take one of these dish wands and put dish soap and vinegar in it and then leave it in your shower.” The cleaning expert’s way to clean the shower is quick and requires no effort, as you can be taking a shower while doing it. She said: “When you have your conditioner in, or a facemask use [the dish wand] to scrub down your shower and glass doors. Then rinse it off, it literally takes one minute.” At the end of a shower, Alyssa’s advice is to then “take a squeegee…and squeegee your walls and your glass doors. This will help prevent hard water and soap scum, so you won’t have to deep clean your shower all the time “ READ MORE: Martha Stewart’s simple laundry technqiue Alyssa also has a simple way to clean a toilet. Her method is to use a Swiffer dry sweeping cloth, which is usually used for dry wipe mops and can also be found on Amazon. The cleaning expert said: “One of my favourite cleaning hacks, is to use one of these Swiffer sweeping cloths, but instead of using it on a Swiffer, I use it to dust down the toilet in the bathroom. She explained her reasoning for cleaning the toilet this way. Alyssa said: “I am not spraying products and pushing dirt and dust around. I can just dispose of it, and it makes the job a lot easier.”  Don't miss... 'Essential' laundry technique to dry clothes quickly  [LATEST] ‘Amazing’ £1.25 tip that efficiently removes mould from homes  [REPORT] Homes guru's laundry must-have makes clothes dry faster [INSIGHT] Alyssa has an unusual trick for cleaning the walls of your bathroom or even another room in the house. She said: “Everybody knows a mop is supposed to be used for floors, but another thing I like to use my mop for is for walls and doors." She filmed herself cleaning, and added: “As you can see, these doors and walls need a good cleaning. I just got my mop, I use a separate mop head than I would for the floor, and I got to cleaning.” The cleaning expert says the trick does not “take a lot of time at all” and said it was worth trying. In the comments, Alyssa explained she used Pine-Sol as a cleaning solution but said any all-purpose cleaner should do the trick. Alyssa was using the O-Cedar spin mop to clean her walls, which is a very popular mop and can easily be found on Amazon. It is often seen on social media as the description page says it was remove “dirt, grime and 99% of bacteria with just water.” In Alyssa’s TikTok comment section, people praised Alyssa for her in-depth cleaning advice. On her showing cleaning hack video, one person said: “I was taught this in housekeeping class, my teacher showed your video” while somebody else said: “I love this! I’ve been doing this because otherwise, I don’t leave my conditioner in for long enough. My bathroom and hair and bathroom have never been better.” For the toilet cleaning idea, people in the comment section said they had tried it and it had helped them out. One person wrote: “Oh my god thank you, you just changed my life as I’m so sick of feeling like I’m just pushing dirt and dust around.” Another user commented and said: “This is a freaking brilliant idea - great tip!” In her wall-cleaning video comment section, people thanked Alyssa for her helpful tips. One user said: “I do this with my bathroom every other to keep it smelling good,” while another person commented: “I do this all the time it saves my back and it’s a lot faster than with a small cloth in a bucket of water.”