Mason Greenwood is currently in the spotlight amid the uncertainty over his Manchester United future. The Athletic have provided more details on the 21-year-old’s situation, having not played for the Red Devils since January last year. Express Sport now examines the latest regarding the England international and a potential return to the fold. Should Greenwood stay, it’s claimed United would be likely to follow a ‘phased process’. This would reportedly take into account the ‘sentiment of fan groups, sponsors and the women’s team at differing stages’. It would also supposedly include encouraging Greenwood to receive a form of counselling or therapy, too. And it’s claimed it may even mean exposing the 21-year-old to a television interview in which he is challenged on the events of the past 14 months. United remain open to Greenwood potentially returning the fold, though they’re yet to decide one way or the other. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players United’s ultimate decision on Greenwood will be taken by Joel Glazer and Richard Arnold. Erik ten Hag will, however, will have his view on the player put under consideration as well. If the Glazers do end up leaving Old Trafford, then any potential next owners would then have their own process in which to follow. John Murtough is another man whose input will be sought as United determine what to do next. It’s said the current investigation is being carried out by a ‘very small circle of senior executives’, with Arnold ‘overseeing but not actively involved in the meetings’. The report says United were unable to conduct any kind of internal process on Greenwood while he remained under criminal investigation. Yet the Red Devils ‘did not completely cut communication with the striker’s representatives during that time’. United apparently sent security personnel to assist Greenwood’s parents during his bail hearing. And they were also made aware in advance when The Sun published a story about a breach of bail conditions. United reportedly ensured the information reached the forward’s family, who would also have been contacted by the newspaper as a ‘matter of courtesy’. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here The Sun have published numerous reports on Greenwood in recent times. They recently claimed the England international was due to become a father for the first time after his partner fell pregnant. It’s also been previously suggested Greenwood has reached out to some of his United team-mates. And they’ve suggested United have received offers to loan out the forward. Clubs in Turkey have shown interest, while Greenwood has apparently had a first face-to-face meeting with Red Devils bosses as well. Greenwood made his debut for United back in March 2019, during the club’s 3-1 Champions League win over Paris Saint-Germain. And, 12 months later, he’d be a key player for former boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Greenwood has scored 35 goals for United so far, with only Marcus Rashford, Anthony Martial and Bruno Fernandes managing more. His last appearance for the club was in a 1-0 win over West Ham in January last year. And his last goal came in a 3-0 victory over Brentford that same month.