Mae Muller will represent Britain at Eurovision Song Contest 2023, it has been reported. She will reportedly take to the stage in Liverpool on May 13 with a female empowerment pop banger, I Wrote A Song.  The 25-year-old singer has been hand picked by BBC bosses and industry execs who have been quietly watching her career for a number of years. The news of Mae Muller's entry will be officially announced by Rylan Clarke, 34, on Thursday morning via Zoe Ball's Radio 2 Breakfast Show. A source told The Sun: “Finally after years of being an international joke the UK are respected when it comes to their acts. "The BBC are riding high off the back of Sam Ryder's success and believes Mae is the perfect person for the job.   "The decision has been months in the making and a ring of steel has been placed around those in the know. "The reason the UK is one of the last countries to submit their song is to keep everyone guessing and to hold their cards to their chest for as long as possible." Mae, whose real name is Holly Mae Muller, has already enjoyed chart success both here and across the Atlantic and worked with some of the biggest stars in UK music including Little Mix, Aitch and Sigala. Her 2021 single Better Days, which featured Neiked and Polo G, peaked at No. 32 in the UK charts and No 23. READ MORE: Daughter 'heartbroken' as she can't use dad's gift to 'remember him' The beauty has amassed a combined social media following of 700,000 - often posting racy bikini shots online. She will be the first female entrant for the United Kingdom since SuRie in 2018. SuRie's song Storm finished 24th with just 48 points. Her performance at the live finals fell victim to serial stage invader Dr ACactivism who grabbed her mic halfway through.  Don't miss... Student killed in 'university frat hazing ritual' in Philippines  [LATEST] Foul-mouthed pub parrot banned from watching TV after dropping F-bomb [REVEAL] Boy mutilated and left to die with parts being used for blood 'ritual' [SPOTLIGHT] Once again the BBC enlisted TaP Music management for guidance. They previously scouted Sam Ryder, 33, via TikTok before helping him secure his place in the 2022 competition held in Turin, Italy. 