In an old episode of BBC’s Antiques Roadshow, viewers were taken to Chenies Manor in Buckinghamshire to see a series of guests get their unique items valued in price. One of which included a Star Wars super fan who had an original TIE Fighter helmet. Showing off the authentic TIE-Fighter prop, which stands for twin ion engines, the guest told Fiona the item was used in the 1977 film, Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope.As the long-running BBC host admitted to loving that movie, the guest had nothing but praise for the motion picture as he called it "groundbreaking".Giving more information about the helmet he had brought onto the show, the guest revealed only 12 were made for the first film.Calling himself a self-confessed Star Wars geek, he delved into the story of how the item came into his possession. READ MORE:BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges He said: “I collect original props and costumes and I have things like batarangs from Batman and Walther PPK’s from Bond films. “But, my true passion is Star Wars, so I spent many years travelling all over the world speaking to crew members, cast and going to prop and rental houses just trying to find these things. “This particular piece was buried in the attic with one of the senior crew members on the film, it was gifted at the end of the film.” Shocked at the lengths he goes to track down particular Star Wars items, the guest confessed he spends a lot of his time on it. Aware of how rare the helmet was, Fiona asked: “Can you tell me how much you paid for it?” Not giving an exact figure, he commented: “Urgh, I paid a few thousand for it, I’m certainly prepared to say that.” Telling the Antiques Roadshow host he’s had it in his possession for a few years, Fiona shared the helmet was difficult to value. She said: “But, having spoken to our experts, they reckon £40,000 to £50,000 for this bit of plastic?” DON'T MISS... Love Island backlash as ITV2 hit with Ofcom complaints [LOVE ISLAND] Ruth Langsford speechless after Loose Women co-star's kissing jibe [VIDEO] EastEnders' Lacey Turner pays tribute to 'amazing' Lily star [SOAP] As the host knocked the prop with her hand, the guest was quick to share his disapproval as he held his hands up for her to stop as they feared she’d tip it over. Laughing, he said: “Yes for this bit of plastic, this beautiful sculpted plastic, yeah.” Asking whether or not the estimate surprised him, the guest seemed nonchalant about the high figure. He added: “As you say, I spend so much time in this world that yeah, that’s what I would expect it to be around.” Turning to the guests who surrounded them, Fiona asked if they were shocked at the value with all of them saying yes. Speaking to the guest, Fiona commented: “I think to anyone who's not in your world, it’s astonishing, but it’s a great bit of kit.” Agreeing, the guest replied: “Yeah, it’s a beauty.” Antiques Roadshow is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.