While the theme of this week's Countryfile episode was titled Vanishing Villages, BBC viewers became frustrated with one particular presenter, Tom Heap, whom they deemed a "doom lord" for delivering messages of "gloom". It came as Tom talked about how rising sea levels threaten farmlands and the risk it has on future food security. While he reported on the issue, some fans didn't want to hear what Tom had to say. The episode explored how England's east coast has suffered from severe weather which has destroyed homes. It also looked into the threat this brings to local economies and the wider consequences. Following segments by Matt Baker and John Craven, Tom detailed some facts about the concerning situation. "The Fens is one of the flattest and lowest-lying areas of the UK, with a third of it below sea level," he explained. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection He continued: "It's been predicted that within 80 years, rising sea levels could change the shape of the coastline here completely. "And that risks practically all of it - including where I'm standing now - being submerged. "The threat of the sea is nothing new here, keeping it out is a constant battle, suing drainage channels, manmade rivers, and automated pumping stations, but these defences haven't always held." Footage reminded viewers how 320 people had been killed in the area during the 1953 storm surge. A further 40,000 were left homeless, and The Fens' farmland was left devastated for many years. "By design, a lot of effort has gone into keeping water out of The Fens, like this drainage ditch here," Tom continued. "So it's somewhat surprising that this is one of the driest areas of Britain. "Drought is a growing issue here in summer months and as the landscape is drained to keep it from flooding, that actually contributed to drying out and eroding its precious peaty soil." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Elaine sparks concern with Stephen engagement [THEORY]Endeavour's Roger Allam pays tribute to Win Thursday star [LATEST]Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [VIDEO] Several viewers took to social media to complain that Tom was "scaremongering". Twitter user @PJDavies1962 penned: "Was this episode of #countryfile directed by Tom? It's full of doom & gloom." @PontWan shared: "Adam is worried about his livelihood after Tom ‘master of doom’ says we are all going to drown from rising sea levels #countryfile." @PJDavies1962 penned: "Oh no Tom's been let loose. Be prepared for #countryfile doom!" @MistletoeSprite posted: "Define 'dramatic' up to my knees, nostrils or eyebrows? #countryfile." "Doomlord in the house. #CountryFile," @TheMainstand remarked. @WooksAmesbury asked: "Why does @BBCCountryfile always show the negative and scaremongering side of everything? "Never show the positive on anything - especially the Tom Heap bit." @PontWan added: "Tom 'if you don’t drown you’re all going to f***in starve to death' #countryfile." Countryfile continues on Sunday at 8pm on BBC One.