Cheltenham Festival horse owners 'get really wound up' by the iconic race meeting, according to trainer Kim Bailey. The four-day festival begins next Tuesday but trainers fear that the pressure surrounding the iconic meet is 'sad for the sport' and puts owners off from entering. Kim Bailey has trained over 1,400 winners with Master Oats winning the Cheltenham Gold Cup in 1995 and his Cotswold stables are just 15 miles from the iconic course. Trainer Bailey says there is more attention and pressure on the Festival then ever heading into next week's event. Speaking to mybettingsites.co.uk he said: "People get really wound up about Cheltenham now, which is sad for the sport Cheltenham has always dominated. The lead up to Cheltenham wasn't covered as much by the press (previously) and you didn't have those ridiculous Cheltenham preview nights. "I think it is really sad for the sport, because it creates its own feast of endeavours to a certain extent and you get so top heavy." The Racing Post reported in January that entries for Cheltenham had fallen by 35 per cent compared to the same stage five years ago. READ MORE: Superstar horse Altior in critical condition as Nicky Henderson rushes legend for surgery   Nicky Henderson, who has trained two Cheltenham Gold Cup winners with Long Run and Bobs Worth along with eight Champions Hurdle victors, argued that the Festival is no longer the 'be-all and end-all' for owners and trainers. Bailey agreed with this and says some owners are more likely to send horses to Aintree than Cheltenham Festival due to the pressure involved. "He (Henderson) has owners, in fact we all have, who will say they would actually rather go to Aintree now, which is an awful lot more fun because it's not as pressurised," added Bailey. "Owners are now looking for alternatives. The other thing is, you know that the Irish are going to come over in droves if they possibly can and Cheltenham is their be all and end all, bar winning at Punchestown.  Don't miss... Charles continues Queen's horseracing legacy by training new runners [LATEST] Jockey, 19, killed as two horses collide in horror training accident [LATEST] Cheltenham plan shipping containers as alternative accommodation  [LATEST] "Apart from the Grand National, Aintree is not their most important target so they also point towards Cheltenham because they have obviously got very good horses. It’s taken away a lot of the owners who thought they would have a fun time, have a runner and finish eighth or ninth, because there's no point doing it." Willie Mullins' Galopin Des Champs is currently heading the Gold Cup betting market with odds of 7/4 after winning the Irish Gold Cup at Leopardstown last month. A Plus Tard is the second favourite at 11/2, followed by Bravemansgame who is 13/2 after winning the King George VI Chase at Kempton. 