Human remains have been found by police almost 10 weeks after a man went missing over Christmas. Peter Baglin, 55, from Boothstown, Salford, vanished while he was on a walk. He was last seen on December 28.  Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said Mr Baglin's family has been informed. Officers from the force's tactical aid unit, who carried out further searches of the area around the Bridgewater Canal, made the discovery at about 10.48am on Saturday. The death is being treated as unexplained and inquiries are being made to establish the circumstances.  Detective Inspector Michael Sharples of the GMP Salford District said: "Though we are not currently in a position to confirm this is Peter, our thoughts remain with his wife Michelle and his loved ones. "We understand the last two months have been extremely difficult for them and this continues to be a distressing time for all of Peter's loved ones." He added that search teams, made up of GMP personnel and colleagues from partner agencies such as the National Police Air Service, North West Underwater Search Team and Mountain Rescue, have worked extensively to try and find Mr Baglin. READ ABOUT CALLS FOR A CAP ON CARE COSTS  Det Insp Sharples said: "I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who has assisted to date and also to confirm that our inquiries will not stop until we have found the necessary answers for Peter's loved ones, for our investigation and for coronial proceedings." Mr Baglin was last seen on the evening of December 28. His wife Michelle reported him missing when he did not return home from a walk which took him down the Bridgewater Canal towpath. DON'T MISS: Man has sex with lover on bollard neighbour put up to stop him parking [REVEALED] Man claims he had heart attack, went to hell and saw terrifying things [REPORT] King Charles to offer Harry and Meghan 'alternative UK home' [LATEST]  He was spotted on CCTV cameras in a petrol station in the East Lancashire Road. Mr Baglin's belongings, including a hat, phone and headphones, were found at the same location the next morning. Police and underwater divers have since carried out extensive searches of the canal between the Moorings and Astley Point. Mountain rescue teams have also combed adjoining fields and woodland areas. A drone was also used to help gain access to hard-to-reach places. 