Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has warned Gabriel Jesus he must earn his spot back in the team. The striker made his first Gunners appearance since November in Sunday's win at Fulham. Jesus suffered a knee injury at the World Cup in December and hasn't featured since. He underwent surgery on the issue and has finally made a return. The Brazilian was key to Arsenal's success in the first part of the season following his summer move from Manchester City. He came on with 13 minutes remaining at Craven Cottage. The 25-year-old had a good chance to score his first goal since September but saw an effort saved by Bernd Leno. Arteta is delighted to have Jesus back but insists he must fight for a place in his starting XI.  Read more... Casemiro to be handed long suspension in major blow for Man Utd [NEWS] Asked about Jesus' return, Arteta said: "Big boost. The first step today. We didn’t know if it was the right game today. He said to me a few days ago ‘I’m still missing something.’ Yesterday I looked in his eyes and he said ‘I’m ready’. I said ‘OK!’ "He has to earn his place like in any other team. We have alternatives who can play in different positions and we have different goals as well to fill in relation to the chemistry of the players and what we ask them to do. It’s a great problem to have, believe me." Arteta later added: "He put a lot in the last few months and all the staff spent so many hours to fulfil his needs. He wanted more and he was very willing to get back. To see him there with a smile was a joy. I’m really happy for him." It was a comfortable afternoon for Arsenal as they again extended their lead at the top of the Premier League table to five points. They thought they had opened the scoring through an Antonee Robinson own goal in the 16th minute.  However, Gabriel Martinelli was adjudged to have been offside in the build-up. But it wasn't long before the Gunners were in front. Leandro Trossard's corner was headed in by Gabriel for his third career goal against the Cottagers.  Don't miss... Alan Shearer and Ian Wright return to TV a day after boycotting BBC [PIC] BBC crisis hits Sunday shows as Chelsea vs Man Utd and MOTD2 impacted [LATEST] Casemiro lets Man Utd down as Ten Hag gamble fails in Southampton draw [COMMENT] Trossard was the provider again, this time for Martinelli who was allowed too much time and space to head past Bernd Leno. Arteta's side made it three just before the break, with some smart footwork from Martin Odegaard in the Fulham box before the Norwegian fired into the corner. Trossard became the first player in the Premier League era to register three assists away from home in the first half of a match. He is one of the players who will be competing with Jesus for a starting spot. Arteta was impressed with the performance from his side and expected a tougher afternoon. He said: "Really happy. "It’s a really tough place to come and I think we dominate and kept a clean sheet. We won the game in a convincing way so I’m very happy." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 