Manchester United icon Paul Scholes has urged Erik ten Hag to consider resting Luke Shaw and Casemiro for the return leg against Real Betis on Thursday after winning comfortably in their Europa League last-16 clash. The Red Devils claimed a 4-1 victory at Old Trafford to put one foot in the quarter-finals and Scholes believes the return leg will be an opportune time for Ten Hag to rotate his squad. The Red Devils brushed off their 7-0 thrashing at the hands of Liverpool on Sunday with a statement win against La Liga side Betis after an impressive second-half display. Marcus Rashford had put the hosts in front before Ayoze Perez's brilliant equaliser pegged them back. But goals from Antony and Bruno Fernandes - two players heavily criticised in that Anfield defeat - put United in the clear before Wout Weghorst completed the rout late on to secure a morale-boosting victory for Ten Hag's men. Scholes singled out Luke Shaw and Casemiro's jaded performances, with the former substituted late in the second half, and believes the pair could do with a rest now that United are virtually assured of a place in the last eight. READ MORE Man Utd star Fernandes labelled 'stupid' by Scholes despite Betis win [REACTION] Asked if Facundo Pellistri could start the game in Seville after an eye-catching cameo, Scholes told BT Sport after the game: "Yeah, I'm sure he could. "I just think with Ten Hag... he doesn't seem to make many changes, whatever the situation is in games. I think he likes having players having rhythm in the game. But he'd have to think with the schedule they've had and amount of games, these players need a rest now. I thought Luke Shaw looked like he needed a rest, Casemiro possibly needs a rest. "Bringing these young players in, giving them a taste and experience of European football, hopefully it would send them in good stead for the future. DON'T MISS Man Utd and Betis fans clash as riot police intervene to mar UEL win [TOP STORY] Man Utd fans give verdict on stripping Bruno Fernandes of captaincy [NEWS] Man Utd ignoring Paul Scholes' Diogo Dalot 'problem' warning [INSIGHT] Off the back of blasting his players as "unprofessional" only five days ago, Ten Hag was delighted with his side's response as United strolled to victory in the second half. "I think we played a very good game in both halves. At half-time we should have been up 3-0 but we make one mistake it is 1-1," Ten Hag told BT Sport after the game. "We scored some good goals, we gave the fans something to support and they gave it back so we are very grateful. It was a great attitude, we were good on the ball, made good switches and runs in behind and created a lot of chances." United travel to the Benito Villamarin on March 16 with a 4-1 lead heading into the tie, and Ten Hag will be expected to rest his key stars ahead of their FA Cup quarter-final with Fulham just three days later.