Former dancer and current presenter on Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two, Janette Manrara, 39, shared a personal moment with fans through an Instagram video uploaded today. The video shows the Cuban-American reading a card and looking at a blue dress sent by DSI London. The gift is the same dress that she wore during her Christmas dance tour with her former dancing partner and husband, Aljaž Škorjanec, 33. The pair, who first met in 2010 and married in 2017, found out in December that they were expecting their first child together. The happy couple then announced the pregnancy last month. Aljaž, who was filming the moment Janette received the sentimental gift, could be heard talking and joking behind the camera. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson hits back over Diddly Squat farm shop pricing claims In a lengthy post, she explained: "I look a little rough in the video but I had to share this special moment, so who cares. "I received a lovely package from @dsilondon congratulating us on the baby news. “I remember sharing the story with them of how much I loved dancing in one of their dresses for a specific moment of our @rememberingtour #AChristmasToRemember. "It was my favourite moment in the show! If you came and watched, it was the opening of our second act. “The music was magical, and I always felt like I was taken away to a dreamworld dancing it w/ @aljazskorjanec."(sic) The clothing company that sent the gift is well-known for designing the costumes for Strictly and describes itself as “the world’s leading maker of Ballroom and Latin dresses”. She further added: “To say it was one of the most special moments of my life, is an understatement. “Now, @dsilondon have given me as a gift the dress I wore for that number as they recalled the story and how much I loved dancing in it... such a thoughtful thing to do!" Don't miss... Paddy McGuinness 'leaning' on pal Kirsty Gallacher as pair grow close [LATEST] Carol Vorderman's curves take centre stage in skintight gym outfit [PICTURES] Piers Morgan takes swipe at Meghan Markle as he thanks her for award [VIDEO] Janette noted that she is "so far away" from her family, who live in Miami, but that the support from fans has made her "feel so much love around Aljaz and I and our little baby". Fans of the couple were quick to respond with messages of congratulations. Strictly professional Dianne Buswell shared her support by commenting three red heart emojis, whilst Pussycat Dolls singer Ashley Roberts also left three smiling emojis. Other fans of the dancing couple left messages, such as: “Precious moments to cherish forever!” A second wrote: "Beautiful lady, so happy for you both. I was at the Christmas show in Glasgow [and] I said to my friend I thought you were pregnant." Janette later answered fan questions on her Instagram story regarding her pregnancy and reactions from her husband. When asked whether she is hoping for a baby boy or girl, she revealed that she has no preference for gender and wants “just a happy, healthy baby”.