Mason Mount's future at Chelsea looks more uncertain with every week that his new contract goes without being signed and with it, the Blues are suffering on the pitch. Graham Potter has so far opted to stay out of the matter, but the under-pressure boss hardly has anything to lose if he decides to make a personal intervention and appeal to Mount to remain at Stamford Bridge. It looks increasingly likely that Mount will be departing the west London club this summer if no agreement can be reached on a new contract. The 24-year-old is one of the lowest earners in the first-team squad and remains on the £60,000-a-week contract he signed in 2019 when he broke into the team under Frank Lampard. Since then, his stock has risen at a sharp rate and Mount is regarded as one of the most important players at the club with over 150 appearances. Last season alone, he contributed to 28 goals in all competitions with 13 goals and 15 assists, helping the Blues win the Club World Cup. Few would disagree then that he deserves a sizeable pay increase to bring him level with the likes of Reece James and Raheem Sterling. But talks with the midfielder's representatives are yet to generate a positive conclusion. The club want him to commit his long-term future at the club with a new seven-year deal, but Mount has so far rejected their proposals as he seeks a higher wage than his current employers are willing to offer. READ MORE: Chelsea owner Boehly warned selling duo may see club 'lose its soul'  Potter has made it clear he is staying out of the matter, repeating his line that Mount's contract situation is between him and the club while Boehly handles negotiations. “Mason has been great to work with. He’s been top. He’s suffering like the rest of us because we want to do better," he said. “In terms of the contract, that’s between him and the club. I am the head coach so my focus is on helping the players improve. That is the focus for me.” But it is difficult to separate the two issues given the timing of Mount's dip in form. He hasn't scored a Premier League goal since bagging in the 2-0 win over Bournemouth on December 27 - and that remains his only goal since mid-October. So far, Mount has been deployed as a No 6, a No 8 and forward under Potter and hasn't looked entirely comfortable. DON'T MISS Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingChelsea players 'disagreeing' with Boehly as Potter faces huge battleLiverpool 'highly likely' to sign Mount as Klopp closes on Chelsea ace It was around that time that murmurs had began to filter through that Mount had turned down offers to renew his deal and he is yet to show signs of improvement. The playmaker has cut a frustrated figure on the pitch, reflected by his sudden increase in yellow cards and his body language. Boehly has been busy enough spending the best part of £600million on transfers, but the fact the American is given high priority to these contract talks shows he knows just how important Mount is to the fabric of Chelsea. And perhaps it is time Potter showed that too by getting involved in contract talks. He is not just any player but a successful product of the academy and an England international - and those two factors alone make him one of the most valuable players in the Premier League. The suggestion that Liverpool and Manchester City have been monitoring his situation can only reinforce the idea that Potter would be better off keeping him than selling. Managers can be persuasive in convincing players to stay at the club or, in some cases, search for a move elsewhere. And there is no question Jurgen Klopp would turn on the charm if Liverpool step up their reported interest in Mount. Potter has not tried to conceal his admiration for Mount, waxing lyrical about his character and ability. And making every attempt to keep Mount at the club - especially when it has emerged he is open to doing so - could make all the difference in not only improving his relations with the fans but their form - a happy player always rediscovers their confidence on the pitch. If Mount was to sign a new deal, it could do wonders for his mindset after a difficult period, releasing the attacking midfielder from the pressure and doubt hanging over his head. And that, in turn, may prove to be the catalyst for Potter to finally turn things around at Stamford Bridge after a challenging first six months at the club.