Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag could be prepared to make several changes from the side that started the Carabao Cup final 2-0 victory over Newcastle for the visit of West Ham in the FA Cup on Wednesday. The Red Devils are in the middle of a gruelling schedule that will stretch the Dutchman’s squad, as he has already revealed that two players are in danger of missing the tie with the Hammers. Ten Hag may be forced to make at least two changes as he confirmed that both Fred and Luke Shaw are doubts to face West Ham. He did not provide too much detail as he stated that “they are questions” but may not want to risk the duo who were influential at Wembley just a few days ago. Off the back of a hard-fought final against Newcastle and with a trip to Anfield on Sunday to face Liverpool to come shortly, Ten Hag may opt against risking several of his stars and name a rotated team to face David Moyes’ outfit. He underlined the importance of a squad ahead of the game in his pre-match press conference and claimed that he has full confidence in those that are on the fringes of the team. JUST IN: Chelsea stars 'not getting on' as Mykhaylo Mudryk decisions questioned David De Gea was not rotated in the previous round’s victory over Reading and is unlikely to lose his place once again against West Ham. Jack Butland has failed to make an appearance since his January loan from Crystal Palace, as the Spaniard will likely continue between the posts on Wednesday. Tyrell Malacia will likely come into the team on Wednesday if Shaw is unavailable, while Raphael Varane at 29 and with some concerns over his ability to stay fit, could miss out with either Harry Maguire or Victor Lindelof vying for a place alongside Lisandro Martinez. Diogo Dalot was preferred against Newcastle but Aaron Wan-Bissaka impressed off the bench at Wembley and could continue at right-back.  Bruno Fernandes and Casemiro could continue in midfield as part of Ten Hag’s spine that he will not want to see dismantled for an important cup tie. If Fred is ruled out then Marcel Sabitzer or Scott McTominay could deputise in his absence, as both came on in the Carabao Cup final but the loanee could get the starting nod as he is closer to full fitness than McTominay, who is still returning from injury In the forward areas, both Alejandro Garnacho and Jadon Sancho will be hoping to come into the team to continue their progression as Antony could be left out as the Brazilian has only recently recovered from a leg injury. Marcus Rashford will hope to continue his stunning form against West Ham while Anthony Martial’s injury ruling him out of the clash only increases the chances of Wout Weghorst starting again.