 The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have revealed they held a christening ceremony for 21-month-old Lilibet on Friday, March 3. According to reports, a ten person gospel choir played at the bash and Archie had a dance with his younger sister at the joyous occasion.    When reached by PEOPLE, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the bishop in the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." According to a source, Harry and Meghan invited members of the Royal Family, including King Charles, Queen Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton. However, they were not in attendance. Around 25 guests gathered to celebrate the occasion on March 3. READ MORE: Fergie claims she 'hasn't really met' Meghan after curtsey claims  Lilibet's godfather, American actor Tyler Perry, allegedly flew to Montecito from Atlanta for the christening along with the gospel choir. The group performed 'Oh Happy Day' and 'This Little Light of Mine', in an ode to the Duke and Duchess' wedding in 2018. Royal christenings are traditionally small ceremonies, reserved for close family and held in Buckingham Palace or Windsor chapels. Lilibet's brother Archie was christened when he was only eight weeks old in a private ceremony on July 6, 2019, with 25 guests at Windsor Castle.  Don't miss... Lilibet's christening could be attempt at 'woke' Royal Family [REVEAL] Man found dead and woman seriously ill in hospital [LATEST] Joe Biden branded 'out of touch' after 5.2% federal pay increase [INSIGHT]  Harry’s own christening was held at St George’s Chapel, where he married Meghan, on December 21, 1984. Like many young royals, including George, Charlotte, and Louis, Harry and Archie wore a special royal gown. Unless flown over especially, Lilibet is unlikely to have worn the same outfit. After their grandfather became monarch following the death of Queen Elizabeth last September, Archie and Lilibet were afforded the titles of prince and princess under rules set out by King George V in 1917. It has been reported the Palace will update their website to reflect Archie and Lili's titles, which are currently listed as "Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor" and "Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor." 