Calls for the man responsible for killing Joanna Simpson to remain behind bars are continuing to grow with the likes of Carrie Johnson, wife former Prime Minister Boris Johnson's, and ex-Home Secretary Priti Patel demanding the killer remain behind bars.  The former British Airways pilot admitted to and was sentenced for manslaughter, though was acquitted of murder, in the 2011 trial. Now, his crime has resurfaced as his victim's family pleads with senior politicians to keep him locked up. But many believe Brown, 47 at the time of his conviction, remains a threat to those around him, including details of how he considered crashing a passenger plane in order to commit suicide as he dealt with the aftermath of his crime. Unearthed accounts from his trial in 2011 at Reading Crown Court, which considered whether the killer had murdered his wife, showed Brown telling jurors: "I intended to kill myself because I knew what happened was terrible. I had a choice – suicide or prison." Brown, who had previously admitted manslaughter on the ground of diminished responsibility, said he wanted to "hang himself from a child's swing or crash his plane to make a statement about the way lawyers had handled" his divorce from Joanna, 46, Berkshire Live reported at the time. He continued: "It hit me what suicide meant. I would never see my family or children again. I did think, ‘How the hell has it come to this?’. All these years of harassment by lawyers has created animosity that has destroyed my family. "You read it in newspapers, husband kills wife, commits suicide, a small column in a newspaper, forgotten." The couple had been embroiled in a three-year-long divorce proceeding, which saw Brown refuse a £500,000 offer from his wife just seven days before he bludgeoned her to death. The deadly row began a week later, the court was told. Brown and Joanna, a millionaire, argued over their children's schooling as he returned them to their mother's home after the half-term break on October 31, 2010. Brown then unleashed at least 14 killer blows to her head and face with a clawhammer he had hidden in their children's school bag. The children cowered in a nearby room during the attack. JUST IN: Talk about crime is so much hot air...prison does work Brown's daughter later told police that she heard her parents "hitting each other" before she watched "dad put mum in the car because he … hurt her". The couple's son allegedly asked if he was going to call an ambulance. Brown bundled his dead wife — in view of his children — into the boot of his car wrapped in plastic, before dropping the children at his mother's house and burying his wife in a plastic crate in woodland on the Crown Estate at Windsor, near Legoland He then returned to the property and removed the home's CCTV recording device which had a camera on it covering the property's driveway. Brown, a cross-country runner, tried to cover his tracks by saying he buried an empty crate with legal documents relating to his divorce, alongside her, where prosecutors claimed he hoped she'd never be found. The killer said: "I had to bury the idea of a charade of my marriage. I kept it as a time capsule for my children." He later called the police to confess, admitting in trial that he "lost it", telling the jury: "I just lost it. I just burst and that's it. I just blew and the next thing I remember I was standing over Jo and there was blood all over the place." DON'T MISS:Dominic Raab to intervene in the release of killer Robert Brown [INSIGHT]Man kidnaps woman and threatens to kill her after she sold his AR-15 [LATEST]Doctor felt 'extremely uncomfortable' leaving Lucy Letby with baby [ANALYSIS] In a tense exchange, prosecuting counsel Graham Reeds QC told Brown: "You realised you had killed her. Your son was asking to take Mum to hospital. There was not a flicker of emotion." Brown replied: "I was completely in a panic and my concern was to get the children to safety. I was just in a complete state of confusion. I was all over the place." The jury heard he had a  stress-related condition called an “adjustment disorder” and made a ruling on the grounds of diminished responsibility. The court heard how the condition very rarely causes violent reactions, but the jury accepted it had caused Brown to attack his wife.  Reports show that the jury took 14 hours and 46 minutes to make a decision over his involvement, with 10 of the 12 jurors finding him not guilty.  After Brown was found not guilty of murder, Joanna's mother Diana Parkes said: "There has been a gross miscarriage of justice. I’d like to thank the judge for recognising the truth, in that Robert Brown got away with murder in name only. "Jo, my beautiful daughter was bludgeoned to death by Robert Brown – the mother of his children. Very sadly it was felt that the horrendous act of killing Jo with 14 blows to the head was insufficient evidence to convict Robert Brown of murder without dwelling on the obsessive and vindictive way that Robert Brown pursued the divorce proceedings" She added: "Robert Brown is an intelligent man who has had five months on remand to contrive a cunning plan to make out he was suffering diminished responsibility which has manipulated the evidence and subsequent verdict." His impending release has sparked renewed calls for Brown to remain behind bars, including by Joanna's family and senior Government officials, demanding Dominic Raab, the Secretary of State for Justice, review the case. Speaking to the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg last week, Mr Raab said he would meet Joanna's family, adding: "Within the powers I've got, I'll look at this as I would any other — very rigorously." Ms Parkes discussed Brown's potential release with The Sun last month, and said that after recent high-profile cases of Zara Aleena and Terris Harris, who were killed by ex-convicts on parole, the likes of her daughter's killer should remain behind bars. The 83-year-old said: "I worry for everybody because this man is not safe. He will stop at nothing and we will be constantly looking over our shoulders. Let common sense please rule the day. This man is not fit to be let out. He should stay in jail for at least his full sentence." Mrs Johnson will join Ms Patel and Ms Parkes in London during a rally to demand Brown stay locked up. Mrs Johnson has campaigned rigorously during her public life, including to keep taxi rapist John Worboys in jail longer.