The Bay season four will premiere on Wednesday, March 8, on ITV with another case for the FLO (Family Liaison Officer) DS Jenn Townsend (played by Marsha Thomason) to get stuck into. It's never an easy job though with long hours and a plethora of emotional conversations to be had. This has taken its toll on the team's lives, including DI Tony Manning (Daniel Ryan) who hasn't had the easiest of rides. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Bay.Tony Manning is a down-to-earth boss who always has his colleague's welfare in mind when approaching such emotionally draining cases. He will once again be back for season four and ahead of its release, it has been teased by stars of The Bay that Tony will be at the epicentre of his own mystery. The detective inspector is going to be seen regularly leaving work early with no explanation why. Giving fans a small spoiler, Daniel Ryan spoke to the press including Express.co.uk, about what's going on. READ MORE: Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series Ryan explained: "He's up to something with somebody and I'm quite excited to hear if people start to think who it may be or who has he met. "The one clue is that it's someone from a previous series so that's all I'm going to drop in there really." But it isn't just the viewers who are going to see him dash off to somewhere unknown. Co-star Thomason also pointed out that this change of behaviour is noticeable to the rest of the team as well. Thomason said: "Well I feel like this series, Jenn is just one of the team now. "You see some banter and they're all observing Manning and are collectively suspicious of him and we're a bit of a gang in regards to that. "He's the boss and we're his subordinates and having a few giggles and it's nice." So far, there have been no spoilers as to who could be the mystery person Tony is meeting up with. DON'T MISS...Vera star pays tribute to 'close friend' as he addresses career move [TRIBUTE]King Charles 'isn't weak' after Harry and Meghan Frogmore eviction [ROYAL]Shaun Evans has been playing Endeavour Morse for over 10 years [CAST] From the very first season, it was clear Tony was having marital problems as he often slept on the sofa in his office. Their issues came to a head though when his wife Kerrie (Ellen Manning) asked for a divorce in season two. It then came out that she had "shacked up" with one of Tony's best friends, making the scenario 10 times worse. So could it be Kerrie returning again for season four and if so, why is he keeping their meet-ups a secret? Another alternative could be the return of Lisa Armstrong (Morven Christie) who was the FLO in the first two series. She left the job in the second season after being demoted by the end of the first outing, so perhaps he is in need of seeing an old face. Soon, all will be revealed as the drama returns this week on ITV. The Bay season four premieres on Wednesday, March 6, at 9pm on ITV.