Following the 2017 premiere of The Handmaid’s Tale, Margaret Atwood has gained worldwide acclaim as the mind behind the gripping dystopian series. Despite the show’s success, the author reflected on her humble beginnings when no one attended her book signing.  The Handmaid’s Tale took viewers by storm after it landed on Hulu, transporting fans to the totalitarian society of Gilead. While the TV series premiered in 2017, the original novel of the same name was originally published by Margaret Atwood in 1985. After the drama gained worldwide popularity, Margaret revisited the book in 2019 and released its sequel, The Testaments. Although Margaret has since basked in the success of her novels, the author lifted the lid on a disastrous experience she had in Canada. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Thinking back, Margaret winced: “Oh it was so humiliating,” as she reflected: “it was in a mall in Winnipeg on a Tuesday afternoon. “Nobody was in the mall and certainly nobody was in the bookstore. “There I sat with my little book, my little table and outside in the mall hallway as it were, I saw this guy coming. “I thought ‘Here comes my customer,’ he opens the door, he comes up to me and he says, ‘Where’s the scotch tape?’” The audience at Late Night with Seth Meyers roared with laughter, as Margaret continued: “‘I think it's at the back,’ he says ‘Thanks,’ that was it.” Speaking to the talk show host, the author recalled: “My first book signing was even better or worse. “It was in the men’s sock and underwear department of the Hudson’s Bay Company, a department store in Edmonton, Alberta, in 1969. “Why was it there? I don’t know, it was near an escalator. DON'T MISS...The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [INSIGHT]The Handmaid's Tale fans 'work out' Janine death twist [REACTION]The Handmaid’s Tale fans convinced Hannah ‘saved’ by June’s mum [REACTION] “I think the publicists whose first day on the job thought, ‘escalators people will go up and down, they’ll see Margaret sitting among the jockey shorts with her book called The Edible Woman and think ‘I’ll like to buy one of those.’” As she laughed with Seth, Margaret confirmed: “That didn’t happen.” The celebrated author was on the talk show to promote her new book Old Babes in the Woods. Unlike The Handmaid’s Tale, the new novel is a collection of 15 stories with a focus on relationships, family, loss and memory.  Thankfully fans will soon get to see more of Margaret’s work on screens as The Handmaid’s Tale will soon return for its sixth and final season. While viewers expected the instalment to premiere this year, this looks unlikely as Commander Lawrence star Bradley Whitford dropped some disappointing news. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, he revealed: “I just heard we're not going back until August. “I don't know what the logistical reason for that is… As you know, there's a lot of labor issues that need to be solved in Hollywood.”  The Handmaid’s Tale seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Hulu in the USA and available on All4 in the UK. 