George Russell’s 2022 success will play no role in Lewis Hamilton's contract negotiations at Mercedes, according to Sky Sports host Simon Lazenby. Russell beat Hamilton by 35 points last season to become only the third team-mate to ever get the better of the seven-time champion. What made Russell’s feat even more impressive is that it was his debut season at the iconic German manufacturer as they struggled to find momentum. Hamilton is understood to be in talks with Mercedes over a new multi-year extension which could be his last deal as a driver in F1. When asked whether Russell’s performance could play a role in what Mercedes were willing to offer him, Lazenby replied: “No I don’t think it will come to that.” Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, he added: “I don’t think you can underestimate the value of Lewis’ marketing potential to a brand like Mercedes either. "I think that’s why he commands figures way in excess of George at this stage of George’s career.” READ MORE Toto Wolff accused of 'kicking' Mercedes engineers 'in the whatnots' [] Back in 2021, Former F1 driver Christijan Albers claimed Russell’s performance for Mercedes at the back end of 2020 would be a blow to Hamilton’s terms. He said: “Just explain to the CEO of Daimler [the parent company of Mercedes], one of the biggest manufacturers in the world, why Lewis Hamilton is so special when he sees George Russell actually pushed in and crushed in a bathtub that he doesn’t fit in at all. We all know he would actually win the race." No details on Hamilton’s future salary have been officially unveiled although rumours have put this at around £60million. French newspaper Sportune reported his wage would be in the region of £58.4million ($70m) a season for 2024 and 2025.  DON'T MISS Red Bull's Christian Horner and Helmut Marko disagree over Hamilton [ANALYSIS] Martin Brundle explains what's 'doubly painful' for Mercedes [COMMENT] Mercedes set one-month deadline to fix Lewis Hamilton problems  [INSIGHT] But, the claims were later denied by Mercedes who called the reports “wild”. Lazenby seemed to back up Mercedes' stance as the Sky host claimed Hamilton was not longer motivated by a big pay cheque. Lazenby added: “No, I think Lewis would never make those demands anyway, I don’t think that it’s the money that motivates him. I think it’s the success and I think he will remain so long as he feels that he’s in the best position to get that eighth world championship. “I think it’s as simple as that, he’s driven not by race wins, he’s driven by championships now and that will dictate his longevity. I don’t think retirement’s imminent at all actually.”