The competition is well and truly heating up with just a few weeks left to go before The Apprentice's grand final. Around 60,000 entrepreneurs from around the UK apply for the BBC reality series each year, hoping to secure that all-important investment from Lord Sugar. Although it isn't only his money that candidates want as they are eager for his advice. Avi Sharma, a 24-year-old former banker, has been a standout from the beginning on this year's The Apprentice. Even when he's put his foot in it by rubbing his co-stars up the wrong way, he does mostly always manage to get a smile out of his teammates as well as Lord Sugar himself. The significance of appearing on the BBC show hasn't eluded him, with Avi very aware of how difficult it is to make the shortlist. As well as trying to win the £250,000 investment, he was keen on talking to the billionaire privately. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 It was then during the start of one of the tasks that he got his opportunity. Avi explained to the press, including Express.co.uk: "I'll never forget, we were in a beautiful venue for one of the tasks and the big man, he walks past me as we were both leaving the bathroom. "I think there was actually a wedding happening in this venue on the same day so things were very busy in this building. "But I was absolutely desperate for Lord Sugar to know how I really felt and I knew if I waited for the boardroom, it just wouldn't be possible. "You don't get one-on-one time with him ever. So he was walking past me outside the toilets and I told myself 'I'm not going to say a word to him. "'Because I want him to chat to me, I want him to want to chat with me. And if he engages in conversation, then I'll do it too.' "Luckily, as he was walking past, he said to me something like: "You alright?" "And I latched onto this, this was my one chance." DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark  [REACTION]Shoppers praise under £100 Panasonic straighteners for smooth blow dry [EXPLAINER]The Apprentice star urges Alan Sugar to make change [CAST] Avi continued: "So I asked Lord Sugar, who is a very busy man, 'Can I quickly say something to you? Because I'm not going to get the chance in the boardroom tomorrow.' "And he mocked me and he said 'Yes, what do you want to say?' mimicking my tone. "To which I told him straight how I really felt and I just said 'I just wanted to thank you for choosing me'. "Because he does have a say in who makes the final cut in The Apprentice and while walking away from me, he turned around and he said 'You'll achieve fame and popularity my boy.' "And I was over the moon, I finally got to say what I really felt. Nice response from him." Sadly, it wasn't meant to be for Avi as he was fired from the process in week nine. The teams were tasked with coming up with a men's skincare product and his team's concoction ended up staining his skin green. Nevertheless, Lord Sugar did seem to have a soft spot for the ex-banker as he told him before his exit: "Avi you’ve grown in this process since you came here and I’m very pleased about that for you. But it is regretful, that Avi, you’re fired." He was the second of two candidates to be sent home this week, following project manager Bradley Johnson. The Apprentice continues every Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.