 The former wife of Elvis Presley returned to the red carpet for the first time since the sudden death of her daughter Lisa Marie Presley in January. The actress donned a professional suit as she celebrated the launch of the new series, Agent Elvis, which she also has a voice acting role in.   The 77-year-old oozed class, sophistication and a slight melancholy as she appeared at the Agent Elvis premiere in Los Angeles. Sporting her iconic red hair with a black blazer, trousers and a chic white blouse, Priscilla strutted the red carpet alone for the first time since the death of her daughter almost two months ago. At the premiere, the actress told The Hollywood Reporter that the premise of this series was actually a dream job for the musician himself. She shared: “I know that this is a dream come true for Elvis because this is really what he wanted to do. READ MORE: 'Self sabotaging' Prince Harry faces 'royal exile as he ruins relationship with William'  “And for me, I’ve always wanted to give Elvis what he wanted and never really quite made it.' Priscilla also explained that she hopes the series will introduce Elvis “to the youth of today” and explain “why he was so famous”. She gushed: “He was a beautiful human being and a very talented human being. “I want kids to see who he really was in this because he really was, he wanted to be an agent.  “And now he is.” Lisa Marie tragically died at the age of 54 after suffering a cardiac arrest. The singer is survived by her mother Priscilla as well as her three daughters, Riley, 33, Harper, 14, and Finley, 14. She was the only child of Elvis and Priscilla, who were married for just six years from 1967 to 1973. Don't miss... Amanda Holden suffers unfortunate wardrobe mishap [LATEST] Piers Morgan takes swipe at Meghan Markle as he thanks her for award [LATEST] Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [LATEST]  The last time Priscilla was spotted at a public event was at Lisa Marie’s memorial in late January. The actress gave a heartwrenching tribute to her late daughter and read a poem written by twins Harper and Finley. Now, the businesswoman returned to the public eye to celebrate the upcoming release of Agent Elvis. Priscilla voices herself in the upcoming animated series with Hollywood star Matthew McConaughey voicing Elvis himself.  The star-studded cast also includes Johnny Knoxville, Tom Kenny and Don Cheadle. The comedy series follows the King of Rock as he “trades his jumpsuit for a jetpack” to become a secret spy according to the Netflix synopsis. Priscilla has been deeply involved in the series not just as the voice actress for herself but also as the show’s co-creator. Agent Elvis releases on Netflix on March 17.