Martin Keown has aimed fire at Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes, questioning whether he will be part of Erik ten Hag's future plans. The Arsenal icon has also doubted United's decision to somewhat prioritise Fernandes over Paul Pogba after his 2020 arrival. Fernandes has been a stand-out target for criticism after wearing the armband in Sunday's 7-0 mauling by Liverpool. Away from his ineffective performance, the 28-year-old has been widely slammed for his behaviour and attitude at Anfield, reportedly 'irritating' his team-mates with persistent diving and moaning. And Keown has admitted that Fernandes 'annoys the hell' out of him, pondering whether signing him when they had Pogba was the correct decision. He told talkSPORT: "All of the characteristics that were evident on Sunday have been there since he came to the UK. "I can't even look at him because it annoys the hell out of me, but I try to look at what he can do rather than the things that really annoy me because he has got a great talent. "But the decision has to be made. This new Manchester United, is he going to be a part of that? JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brought back down to earth by ex-Reds star  "Paul Pogba was a player they had this power struggle with between him and Fernandes, and Fernandes was taking the top job and came in with a new contract. "Did they make the right call? Were either of them good enough? They have to look if that is the type of player they want. "They want his creativity. They want his 11 assists, and they want his seven goals, but do they want those personality traits that really annoy you?" Fernandes has come under particular fire for his Liverpool antics due to his role as deputy captain when Harry Maguire is on the bench. And Keown believes that if he doesn't change, he shouldn't just be out of the captaincy frame but should leave the club altogether. Don't miss... Thiago Silva's outspoken wife has gone in on Chelsea, Potter and fans [LATEST] Tottenham stars 'tired' of Conte as hierarchy consider left-field duo [LATEST] Haaland almost had Premier League dream ruined by Calvert-Lewin [LATEST] "I think I would have to say to him, 'stop feigning injuries, stop looking for advantages. It's going against us,'" Keown continued. "As a neutral watching that, you look at some of the players' reactions. It's not the same situation as rugby union or rugby league. I think you can actually say it [to a captain]. "It's very contrasting. Roy Keane must be watching that, and his [Fernandes'] behaviour is so much opposite to what Roy Keane was. "It's annoying but is that the modern-day player? He is far from perfect, he can change, and Ten Hag has to try to, and if he can't, then he has to go." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here