Although The Blacklist is coming to an end this year, the 10th and final season introduced agent Siya Malik (played by Anya Banerjee). The actress opened up about her character’s true ambitions and it complicates things with Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (James Spader).    While fans were still reeling from Aram Mojtabai's (Amir Arison) and Alina Park’s (Laura Sohn) exit, The Blacklist ushed in a newcomer, agent Siya. Although she joined the task force as an M16 operative, Siya was also the daughter of the late agent Meera Malik (Parminder Nagra) who was killed in season one. Upon Siya’s arrival, she dove straight into work and helped the team take down Wujing (Chin Han) in his quest to kill Red. Despite this, fans could see tensions forming between Siya and Red, as the actress hinted at a complicated dynamic. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark On the duo's relationship, Anya disclosed: “I think there’s a lot of moral ambiguity there. “She’s here to carry on the good work that her mother started, obviously becoming an agent herself. "She’s there to make a difference in the world, take down bad guys. “And Reddington is a pretty big complication there, given the fact that he is this first-class criminal.”  She continued: “She has to walk a fine line between doing her job and helping the Task Force and also learning from Red what secrets he might have about her own mother. “So it gets very interesting and tricky there between them,” Anya told NBC Insider. In season one, Meera’s past as a CIA agent proved beneficial when she joined the task force as a master interrogator. She helped them uncover a mole within the FBI that wanted to take down the task force. DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [INSIGHT]The Blacklist's Harry Lennix speaks out on Cooper's ending [INSIGHT]The Blacklist fans fume at 'missing' James Spader in season 10 opener [REACTION]   Meera worked closely with Red, until the season one finale when she was brutally killed by Milos Kirchoff (Peter Stormare), a vicious blacklist who was also known as Berlin. However, despite what viewers already know about Meera’s death, there could be deeper and more sinister reasons behind her murder. Anya added: "Finding out the truth about Meera is really the emotional core and the driving force for Siya, so she will stop at nothing to find the truth. “As Siya gets more ingrained within the Task Force, we’ll learn more about her personal backstory, and her own skills and unique talents as an MI6 agent.” During the season 10 premiere, Siya revealed she was Meera’s daughter. After getting shot in her bulletproof vest, Siya told Harold Cooper (Harry Lennix), she wanted to join the task force and finish what her mother started. With her addition to the team, fans can expect to see some hidden truths from the past emerge. Fans are also convinced season 10 will also unveil Red’s true identity and why he cared so deeply for Liz Keen (Megan Boone). The Blacklist season 10 continues Sundays on NBC in the USA.  