Jeremy was interviewing royal commentator Kinsey Schofield on the latest instalment of his TalkTV programme about the Royal Family. Kinsey claimed the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have "opened themselves up to criticism on a global scale" before Jeremy jokingly suggested Prince Harry should "throw" his wife "down a well". Kinsey began: "People are done with the whingefest, they are done with the crying. "The way these people use victimhood as currency, I think culturally we are tired of it. "It's going to end soon, so they better get out of it what they can as the American people are really getting tired of their complaining and crying." Outspoken Jeremy said the Sussexes were "taking the Mickey" and his other guest Emily Andrews agreed. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find  Broadcaster Emily added: "If you really want to perform a service for charity, go to Lesotho, it is safe there. "Go and build wells, build a school and go and teach English..." However, Jeremy interjected: "Throw [Meghan] down one." After realising what Jeremy had said, Emily fumed: "No, no, do not do that Jeremy Kyle."  The interview sparked concern among viewers, with many lambasting Jeremy on Twitter for discussing the royal couple. The Jazzman wrote: "And the obsession continues..." Neil Lester said: "I support the Royal Family, I’m proud to be British. I believe that Harry does have issues and the circumstances surrounding his mother’s death have impacted on that health. "His behaviour is being demonised to discredit his stance, this is not helping in this case." (sic)  Don't miss... Piers Morgan takes swipe at Meghan Markle as he thanks her for award [INSIGHT ] Prince Harry knew naming his daughter Lilibet would 'cause trouble' [LATEST] Meghan Markle shares avocado on toast 'with a twist' - recipe [LATEST] Super Hans said: "The irony is strong with this one..." @Scarfer13 remarked: "Stop giving Meghan the master manipulator and Harry publicity and starve them of what they crave most, which is attention." Gillian Smith fumed: "So WHY give them more publicity?!" (sic)  The TalkTV debate comes just months ahead of King Charles III's coronation in London's Westminster Abbey. It has been reported Harry and Meghan have officially received an invite to the event. However, it has not been confirmed whether the pair, who reside in the USA, will attend. The Talk airs on weekdays at 9pm on TalkTV. 