A woman has been left distraught by an "offensive" warning that the memorial on her mother's grave would soon be removed. Kathleen Fountain-Hall, 68, from St Ann's, said she found that a notice had been placed next to her late mother's grave in Wilford Hill Cemetery, warning the "unofficial surrounds and/or memorials" on the lawn plot would be removed after April 3. Nottingham City Council, which manages the grounds, explained it appreciated the importance of such decorations, but that the lawn plots had to be clear for all-year round maintenance. Mrs Fountain-Hall, though, said she had been deeply distressed by the notice, setting up a petition calling for the council to reconsider the decision to remove memorial gifts from the graves. She told NottinghamshireLive: "They're taking away all the edgings and all the memorial ornaments. I find it very upsetting. My mum's grave has a stone edging that doesn't infringe on the grass so I don't see what the problem is. They're not causing any problem and there are a lot of people who don't know this is happening. "I only saw when I went to the cemetery, because they had stuck a post near my mother's grave. I found that very offensive because there are a lot worse graves there than my mother's.  "Fair enough they wouldn't know how to contact me, my mother died the day I was born and my father is dead so they wouldn't know to contact me, but to see a wooden stick next to my mother's grave looking like she'd done something wrong - I was in such a state that I could barely walk of the cemetery I found it so distressing. "If you walk around the part where the church is there are graves that are derelict and where headstones have fallen over. I find it so offensive and rude. "At the end of the day it is our family - my half sister's mother is buried in the same grave and it has made her distraught."  Nottingham City Council highlighted the details of what is allowed on the burial plots is included in the documentation when families choose plots and that letters had been sent out in early February to listed contacts.  READ MORE: Woman risks losing her home after she waved cyclist into fatal crash  After April 3 any remaining items will be gathered by cemetery staff. A Nottingham City Council spokesperson said: "We understand how important items of sentimental value are to families but unfortunately we have areas at Wilford Hill where it’s not possible to place them. "There is no issue with them in the allotted area of a traditional grave, however with a lawn grave the grassed area has to be kept clear for grounds maintenance all year round.  "However, in the meantime, we’re very happy for people to come and talk to us in the office if they have further questions. Staff can walk with them to view a particular grave if necessary and offer advice on what can be done."