NFL legend Tom Brady is reportedly in talks with streaming behemoth Netflix to star in a roast special with the former quarterback set to try his hand at comedy before starting his new gig at FOX Sports in 2024. Last month, Brady announced his retirement from the NFL after 23 seasons following a disappointing 2022 in which the 45-year-old’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers struggled. Brady won an unprecedented seven Super Bowls over an illustrious career that spanned two decades with the New England Patriots - where he won six of his championships - and three seasons with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, winning Super Bowl LV. As a result of his longevity and unprecedented success, the former quarterback is considered by many to be the greatest in NFL history. Brady is preparing for the next chapter of his life where he will enter the commentary booth with FOX Sports after signing a blockbuster deal with the broadcaster last year. The network signed a 10-year contract worth $375million (£306m) when he made his original retirement 12 months ago. Brady has reportedly informed the broadcaster he will get to work in the booth in the 2024 season, giving himself a year away from the game to get used to retirement. According to RadarOnline, the seven-time Super Bowl champion wants to showcase his funny side through the Netflix special - which has a working title of ‘The Greatest Roast of All Time’ - to appeal to his ex, Gisele Bundchen. READ MORE: Bieniemy not 'impacted' by claims he'll 'fail' in Washington The duo divorced last October after 13 years of marriage following Brady's decision to un-retire and play one more season in the NFL. RadarOnline has claimed Brady is taking time away to decompress from football ahead of starting his FOX Sports role in 2024, but also to try and win Bundchen back. A source allegedly told Radar: “The biggest obstacle between them was Gisele's complaints about Tom putting football before family, so he decided to show her he's willing to focus on them before taking the job at FOX. His only goal right now is to get his family back.” However, it appears Brady’s comedy career won’t be a full attempt to enter the stand-up scene as was originally reported. He took part in a ’Saturday Night Live’ monologue back in 2005, while he has also enjoyed humorous cameos in Ted 2 and Paul Rudd’s Netflix project ‘Living With Yourself’. DON'T MISSDolphins star Tagovailoa on a mission as quarterback taking judoNFL superstar to hit free agency after failing to agree extensionInside Aaron Rodgers life of contracts, conspiracies and hallucinogens Following his ‘for real’ retirement, Brady has spent time with his children, Jack - from his previous relationship with actor and model Bridget Moynahan - as well as Benjamin, and Vivian. Bundchen amicably replied to Brady’s retirement announcement video, with the 42-year-old commenting: “Wishing you only wonderful things in this new chapter of your life.” Brady retired from the NFL after 23 seasons, four MVPs and seven Super Bowl titles following a dismal season which saw his Buccaneers immediately eliminated from the playoffs at the hands of the Dallas Cowboys. Meanwhile, Bundchen has relaunched her modelling career and the pair remain on good terms.