Prince Harry has claimed growing up in a "broken home" made him the "perfect candidate" for the British Army as he spoke candidly for over 90 minutes in a live interview with trauma expert Gabor Maté. The Duke, who was previously scorned for his comments about killing dozens of Taliban fighters, claimed the British Army tend to recruit from these type of environments. Harry was 11 years old when his parents Charles and Diana divorced in August 1996, a year before her death in 1997. He appeared to reflect on this when he spoke about his suitability for joining the army, and said: "I was also a fantastic candidate for the military. "You know, I don't know how it is around the rest of the world but certainly in the UK we we tend to recruit from broken homes." Dr Maté agreed, adding the military is also good for those who "need structure". The physician has over 20 years experience dealing with people suffering from mental illnesses including addiction. He is well-known for his beliefs surrounding childhood trauma. He argues most problems adults face are connected to trauma they endured as a child. READ MORE: Fergie cosies up with mysterious billionaire after eviction fears In his memoir Spare, Harry referred to his military career, including his dealings with enemy Taliban fighters in Afghanistan. He wrote how he viewed them like pieces on a chess board and shared how he killed 25 members of the group. Dr Maté also spoke with Harry, who suffered from PTSD after Diana's death, about how fighting in Afghanistan seemed to affect him. In Spare, Harry wrote about how he felt unusual while being hugged by Prince William when he returned from Afghanistan.   Don't miss... King Charles 'isn't weak' after Harry and Meghan Frogmore eviction [LATEST] Prince Harry delves deep into his childhood in latest interview  [LATEST] Meghan and Harry ‘snubbed by Hollywood’ because they ‘lacked decorum’ [LATEST] The Duke told Dr Maté he was now seeking a different approach to physical contact. He said: "It leaves me in the position of a father having two children trying to smother them with love. "I feel a huge responsibility not to pass on any trauma or negative experiences that I've had as a kid or as a man growing up. "There are times when I catch myself when I should be smothering them with that love but I might not be." 