Susanna Reid, 52, appeared in Strictly Come Dancing alongside Kevin Clifton in 2013, finishing runner-up in the hit BBC series. The Good Morning Britain presenter was seemingly overjoyed as a clip re-emerged of her jive to Shake Your Tail Feather on Gogglebox. The Channel 4 favourite celebrated its 10-year anniversary with a special yesterday, showing clips from the programme over the past decade as well as former stars. In one of the segments shown, there was Susanna performing the Jive alongside Kevin to Shake Your Tailfeather by The Blues Brothers. After having watched the Channel 4 special, Susanna shared a picture of herself and Ed Balls, who also took part in the dancing competition. She captioned her upload in view of her 617,000 Instagram followers: "STRICTLY SUNDAY! Made us both smile to be featured in the 10th Anniversary edition of #Gogglebox and now @edballs and I are jiving back onto your box tomorrow @gmb." READ MORE: Bruce Willis' wife chokes up as she talks his 'horrific' health battle Social media users rushed to the comments to compliment Susanna's rather leggy blue number in the clip. Zanny_zoologist_82 said: "OMG!! You on Strictly with legs for DAYS was what first drew me to you. "(I don’t watch BBC News in the mornings) & then you came to GMB Absolute HOTTIE!!"(sic) Salechris added: "For what it's worth you're the people's champ, you were amazing, naturally as you're exceptional at everything you do." Brookesguy commented: "You were amazing on the dance floor, Ed wasn't too bad either Susanna." The former BBC Breakfast presenter cheekily fell onto a red sofa similar to the morning show's at the end of the dance, with Gogglebox families reacting. Stephanie Parker, who was on Gogglebox till 2016, gasped as Suanna fell to the sofa, with the expletive: "F**k off! She fell over!" The late June and Leon Bernicoff, who were regulars on the show and died in 2020 and 2017 respectively, were featured with the latter joking: "She's always trying to show her legs on breakfast telly." DON'T MISS... Olivia Newton-John's daughter still speaks to late mum 'every day' [INSIGHT] Courteney Cox's eyebrows are falling out after 'overmedicated' issue [HOLLYWOOD] The X Life's Denise Russo has died after spending last days 'homeless' [DEATH] June replied: "If I had legs like her I would show them." Leon then used the opportunity to show his wife his endless love, as he told June she had "better legs". He then quipped: "She wanted to show you her knickers you see, she tries to do that on breakfast television!" The dance awarded Susanna and Kevin a total of 28 points, and the pair were met with a standing ovation and praise from then head judge Len Goodman. Susanna vowed to show off her "sassy, sparky side", which she achieved and was even praised by former star Dame Darcey Bussell. Susanna competed against model Abbey Clancy, Coronation Street actress Natalie Gumede and Murder on the Dancefloor singer Sophie Ellis-Bextor, losing out to Peter Crouch's wife in the final. She has since shared her tips and tricks for the show on her GMB show each year as the BBC hit dancing show hits our screens.