A clogged bath or shower drain is never good news. Slow drainage in the shower or bath can also result in a buildup of grease and bacteria in the bottom of the bath or shower, presenting a significant slip and hygiene risk for anyone using it. Fortunately clearing a blocked drain in baths or showers is easier than it seems. According to Mrs Hinch fans, a blocked drain can be sorted with items Britons are likely to have in their home. Posting on Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips, Siobhan McNicholas wrote: “Badly blocked bath drain. Tried soda crystals and Mr Muscle, any other ideas?” While many cleaning enthusiasts suggested that a plunger will sort the issue out straight away, not all households will own a plunger. Judith Dawson said: “Using a plunger regularly will clear it and help in the future.” Barbara Macrae wrote: “I had a plumber. He used a plunger. Five minutes and the drain was clear.” READ MORE: £1 ‘miracle’ item to remove ‘stubborn’ stains from walls ‘easily’ Instead, group members suggested using two items households will more likely have and are cheaper to buy - baking soda and white vinegar. Pauline Harrison recommended: “Try baking soda, pour it down the plug hole and then pour white vinegar on top. It will fizz up.” Sherry Cooke said: “Bicarbonate of soda, white vinegar and a kettle of boiling water, it works every time.” Rosa Mills commented: “Bicarbonate of soda and white vinegar. Tip whole pot of bicarbonate in the drain add white vinegar. It will fizz up and leave for 10 minutes. Don't miss... Britain’s ‘loneliest’ house gets asking price slashed by £50,000 [INSIGHT] March gardening jobs that ‘must’ be completed - what needs pruning now [TIPS] ‘Indestructible’ garden plants that are ‘impossible to kill’  [EXPERT] “Pour a kettle of boiling water. It dissolves soap scum and even hair. Cheap and very effective way to unclog drains and toilets.” Louise Robson wrote: “Baking soda and vinegar and tip boiling water down after. It’ll be clear in no time.” It is not just Mrs Hinch fans that have recommended using baking soda and white vinegar to clear drains, so have plumbing experts. The plumbing pros at Pro Solution said: “If your drain is clogged with hair, baking soda can dissolve hair in a drain.” READ MORE: ‘Best time’ to hang your laundry outside to dry ‘quicker’ To try this “safe and easy method” at home, households should first pour a cup of baking soda down the drain followed by a cup of white vinegar. Allow the mixture to sit for several minutes. Keep an eye out for bubbling in the drain. The experts explained: “This is caused by the reaction between the baking soda and vinegar”. Once the bubbling stops, wait a few more minutes then pour some boiling water down the drain. Repeat until the clog is cleared. Experts at drain retailer The Shroom Company have also recommended this method of unblocking drains. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea They said: “Baking soda and vinegar is a very powerful combination that can help clear nasty hair clogs. “Besides helping dissolve hair in your drain, baking soda also has disinfectant qualities that can fight fungi and bacteria. Pour one cup of baking soda down the blocked drain, followed immediately with one cup of vinegar. This will create a chemical reaction that produces fizzing. “About 10 minutes after the fizzing stops, pour one litre of boiling water down the drain. Turn on the faucet to see if the water is draining properly.” If the drain is still blocked, repeat the first three steps. Households might have to repeat the process several times for stubborn hair clogs.