When a classic theatrical production has been staged a million times for decades or even centuries, revivals find themselves looking to do something different to stand out from what came before. This is often the way of Shakespeare today, but now iconic musicals are suffering postmodern deconstructions too. Of course, there’s nothing wrong with trying something new and bringing a fresh approach to a story to build on it, but when the author’s original intent to their text is so upended, you wonder why not just write a new play? Enter the Broadway revival and transfer to the West End of Rodgers and Hammerstein’s 1943 musical Oklahoma!, a 1906 tale of a farm girl chased by two suitors as the Western territory prepares to become a US state. Walking inside Wyndham’s Theatre in London’s West End we were initially eager with anticipation, taking in the brightly lit space with countless rifles hanging from the walls and boxes. The band sat in sight, in front of the audience like the Grand Ole Opry was about to start. On stage was a long wooden table in front of the Ikea-esque wooden panelling of the set – the furniture laid out as if for a hillbilly Last Supper. The cast came on, cracked open their beer cans as Arthur Davill’s Curly strummed his guitar and kicked off the musical with an overtly relaxed and muted rendition of Oh, What a Beautiful Mornin. A far cry from the upbeat optimism of the likes of Hugh Jackman’s take in another revival. Yet sadly more edgy and eye-rolling moments were to come. READ THE PAPER'S 5-STAR REVIEW THAT DISAGREES: Oklahoma! review: We’re only sayin’ You’re doin’ fine, Oklahoma! The most pretentious points in this Oklahoma! included a couple of prolonged moments of sitting in pitch blackness with even the fire escape signs off, alongside scenes with a handheld camera projecting its live stream onto the back of the set. Additionally, the second half begins with a prolonged modern dance version of Laurey’s dream sequence, which included a T-shirt that read “dream baby dream” and cowboy boots being dropped from the ceiling. Yawn. Despite these changes, the cast's acting ability and singing voices were brilliant. This was especially when taking on the big numbers, with Georgina Onuorah’s Ado Annie performance of I Cain’t Say No being a real highlight. It’s just such a shame the downer of an ending, including a strangely angry and non-celebratory rendition of the title song, left us feeling pretty empty by the end. Oklahoma! is playing at Wyndham’s Theatre and can be booked here.