Bayern Munich honorary president Uli Hoeness has appeared to rule out a potential move for Harry Kane this summer, calling a possible move "completely gaga". Kane will once again face questions over his future in north London this summer with little over a year left on his current contract. Talks are said to be ongoing over a new deal for the England captain, but speculation is growing over a potential move away from Tottenham. Manchester United and Bayern are being strongly linked with a move for Kane, although Manchester City are not expected to be in the mix after they signed Erling Haaland last year. Pep Guardiola's side tried to steal Kane away from Tottenham in 2021 with a record-breaking bid made to sign the striker. Kane appeared to indicate that he wanted to leave, but Tottenham dug in their heels to keep him at the club. His stature in world football hasn't diminished though with clubs all over Europe likely to show an interest if it becomes clear he is angling for a move away from Tottenham. But Hoeness has seemingly ruled Bayern out from making an offer to sign Kane due to the expectation that Tottenham will demand a high price once again. "I think the transfer is completely gaga," he said. "Last year [2021 ed.] Tottenham rejected 160 million euros from Manchester City. "Do you think it's cheaper this year? Harry Kane is a great player, no question about it. But that's money I won't pay." Don't miss... Football news LIVE - Chelsea lead Dortmund in Champions League [LATEST] Laura Woods destroys Tottenham fan over 'miserable season' [LATEST] McCoist encourage Kane to join Man Utd after cracking Red Devils joke [LATEST] Bayern opposing a move for Kane this summer may be down to Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting's performances this season. The 33-year-old stepped up to fill in for Robert Lewandowski last summer and has enjoyed a strong campaign so far. He's found the net 16 times in all competitions, including three in his last three Bundesliga matches. And Hoeness is clearly delighted that Bayern opted to give the striker a one-year extension on his current deal. "I was totally surprised by Choupo-Moting's increase in performance," he said. "You [Oliver Kahn] played it safe there. If you hadn't done that, we would have had a centre forward discussion in the next three months."