Kate Hudson, 43, stars in the Oscar-nominated film Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery, which was released on Netflix last year. However, the Hollywood actress was left correcting a reporter who told her she "knew what it was like to win an Oscar", with her having to shut down this claim. Since the Oscars, a clip of Kate's ABC News interview on the champagne-coloured carpet has emerged, showing the film star awkwardly correcting the reporter. George Pennacchio asked her: "Kate, you know what it’s like to win an Oscar." Kate laughed under her breath as she replied: "I have never won an Oscar. But I’ve been nominated!" Trying to save the awkward moment, the Pennacchio quipped: "I gave you one in my head!" READ MORE: Ricky Gervais issues expletive response as he’s called to host Oscars Kate then responded: "I’m sure it’s amazing!" The daughter of Goldie Hawn was nominated for an Oscar in 2001 for her role as the groupie Penny Lane in the comedy-drama, Almost Famous. Attending the awards to support Knives Out, Kate put on a show stopping display in a silver mermaid gown covered in sparkly jewels and sequins. The dress featured thin white straps, while the sleeves of the dress fell effortlessly off her shoulders. The gown also featured a long train, giving the actress the perfect opportunity to work all the angles for pictures at the Los Angeles event. She accessorized with large, diamond drop earrings and her fingers were decked out in rings, including the one her fiancé Danny Fujikawa, 36, proposed with in 2021. The awkward exchange was not the only moment from last night's ceremony that will undoubtedly be remembered, with Hugh Grant being called "obnoxious" for his interview with model Ashley Graham. She asked him if he was excited by the prospect of any certain actors winning, to which he replied: "No, not one in particular." DON'T MISS... Denise Welch accuses celebs of betrayal over lack of public support [COMMENT] Halle Berry strips for intimate clip before Oscars [PICS] Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [HOLLYWOOD] Trying another question, she continued: "OK, well what are you wearing tonight, then?" In response, the actor said: "Just my suit." Graham then tried to ask the actor about his role in Knives Out, with Hugh replying bluntly: "Well, I'm barely in it. I'm in it for about three seconds." Realising she had hit a wall with the actor, Ashley wrapped the interview up with Hugh, who appeared to shake his head in confusion as he walked off. One social media user, Joeyohern wrote on Twitter: "Ashley Graham interviewing Hugh Grant is the most awkward piece of television in 2023 and I’m living for it." While sbthro added: "Hugh Grant was so rude during his interview! Ashley Graham handled it with grace. His eye roll at the end was obnoxious!" The Oscars saw Everything Everywhere All At Once take home the most gongs with Best Picture, Best Director, Best Product Design, Best Writing and Best Film Editing. The movie's star Michelle Yeoh also took home Best Actress, while Jamie Lee Curtis won Best Supporting Actress. Ke Huy Quan, who made his Hollywood return in the film after a 20 year hiatus, triumphed in the Best Supporting Actor category.