King Charles III's decision to evict Meghan Markle and Prince Harry from Frogmore Cottage has sparked a civil war between working and non-working members of the Royal Family, including Yorks and Waleses, it is claimed. Non-working royals, such as Prince Andrew and his two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, are said to feel "appalled" over the King's recent decision. Despite this, the King is understood to be backed by his wife, the Queen Consort and the Prince and Princess of Wales. An insider said: "There is now a clear dividing line between the working members of the Royal Family and the non-working members like the Yorks and Sussexes." On Wednesday evening, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed the news of the eviction. The statement read: "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." READ MORE: Piers Morgan tells Sussexes ‘Charles has had enough’ as royal pair booted from Frogmore The couple, who are now based in the US, are said to be "stunned" after getting notice to move their belongings out. After promising that he would not leave his brother penniless or homeless, Charles is offering Frogmore Cottage to Prince Andrew. Prince Andrew currently lives at Royal Lodge, with his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson and he wants to remain there. Taking to Twitter, royal correspondent Richard Palmer claimed that the 63-year-old will "fight tooth and nail to stay at Royal Lodge". READ MORE: Meghan Markle 'blowing through' small fortune after marrying 'pauper prince' Harry and Meghan were gifted Frogmore Cottage by the late Queen, and despite stepping down and moving to the US, the couple kept the residence and have used it as their base when they have returned for visits. In June 2022, the couple stayed at the 10-bed home with their two children, whilst visiting the UK for the Platinum Jubilee. Speaking on Sky News on Wednesday, Newsweek's chief royal correspondent Jack Royston said that the eviction could mean that the couple may feel unsafe "even stepping into Britian at all." He added that Frogmore was more than "simply a place to lay your hat", the couple "had the protection of the police who guard the private estate there". DON'T MISS On Wednesday, Meghan and Harry's unofficial biographer Omid Scobie quoted a close friend of the couple. He said: "It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. "It's like the family want to cut them out of the picture for good."