Beyond Paradise is back with another instalment and the hit BBC detective drama welcomed a new face. A ghost from Martha's (played by Sally Bretton) past, Archie Hughes (Jamie Bamber) returned to help her open her new restaurant. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who the actor is married to in real life. In the latest episode, Martha was keen to distract herself from her tragic loss by focusing on her restaurant opening. Things seemed to be all in hand until her former fiancé showed up out of the blue to offer his assistance. Archie suggested he become her supplier and act as a junior partner, something Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) tried to be supportive of. However, this week's episode suggests Humphrey and Archie clash over Martha as Humphrey's jealousy can no longer be hidden. Actor Bamber, 49, has a famous wife off-screen. READ MORE: Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday He has been married to Kerry Norton since 2003 and she is an actress and singer. They have three daughters called Isla, and twins Darcy and Ava. She also has two sisters, Jackie and Lorraine, and a brother, Matthew. The star was a gymnast before she became an actress and one of her first roles was in an episode of Sabrina the Teenage Witch. Her other credits include Battlestar Galactica, Bad Girls and EastEnders. As for her music career, she first recorded an album of covers, titled Young Heart in 2005. In the same year she recorded a duet track with famous Dutch singer Rene Froger. As for the star's film roles, she has featured in The Devil's Tattoo, Monday Nights at Seven and Dirty God.  Don't miss... Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead [LATEST] Beyond Paradise viewers 'heartbroken' at tribute to Ruth Madoc [DISCUSSION] Death in Paradise's Commissioner makes appearance in spin-off [INSIGHT] One of her latest TV roles was in the series Angelyne, in which she played Edie Wallach. The actress is on Instagram and she has shown her support for her husband in his latest role. Ahead of his first appearance in Beyond Paradise, she shared a photo of him in character, saying: "Tonight’s the night! Beyond Paradise, BBC1 8pm in the UK. "You’ll have to wait a week to meet this handsome fella though. Introducing Archie Hughes." The star finished the post with a heart emoji. She regularly shares photos of her husband, whether it be on their travels or at home with family. Last summer the pair enjoyed a road trip to France and sharing a photo of Bamber enjoying the sun, she said: "Cards and beer time." The actress is extremely supportive of her husband and his career as she also promoted his appearance as DCI Martyn Hunter in the new DI Ray season. The Beyond Paradise creators have spoken of how they fought tooth and nail to get him on board this latest project.  Beyond Paradise airs on BBC One on Fridays at 8pm.