Manchester United and Liverpool are reportedly set to battle for Djordje Petrovic from MLS side New England Revolution. The Serbia international could be a long-term replacement for David de Gea with Erik ten Hag likely to seek a goalkeeper who is better with his feet while their north-west rivals may soon need a new No 2 with Caoimhin Kelleher said to be seeking more first-team football. United and Liverpool are likely to be active in the transfer market this summer as Ten Hag and Jurgen Klopp look to add to their sides. The Dutchman will be looking to build upon an increasingly excellent first season at Old Trafford while there are likely to be significant changes at Anfield with the Reds badly underperforming this season. Goalkeeper is likely to be a position where changes will be made at both clubs and it appears the fierce rivals have set their sights on the same player. New England Revolution star Petrovic is high on both teams' wanted lists according to The Mirror with both clubs prepared to cast the net wide in their recruitment. Petrovic only made the move to the MLS in 2022 after four years with Cukaricki in his homeland. He has made 24 appearances for Revolution so far keeping eight clean sheets in that time while he has also been capped twice by Serbia. MUST READ: Pep Guardiola names Man City successor and addresses Haaland to Real United will likely need to recruit a new goalkeeper over the summer. Dean Henderson, currently on loan at Nottingham Forest, is the only senior ‘keeper contracted to play at Old Trafford next season with De Gea and Tom Heaton approaching the end of their deals. Meanwhile, Jack Butland is likely to return to Crystal Palace at the end of his loan. The club are in talks with De Gea over a new deal and it is likely that he will extend leaving Henderson in a tricky position. The Englishman is unlikely to be willing to play second fiddle and could seek another move for more first-team action and the Red Devils have started scouring the market for a new No 2 who could eventually replace the Spaniard long term. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears Liverpool are also likely to be in the market for a new backup. Kelleher is widely rumoured to be seeking more first-team action which could see him pursue a move in the summer. Third choice Adrian is out of contract and it appears unlikely his deal will be extended. It remains to be seen whether or not either of the north-west rivals will solidify their interest in Petrovic but it is one to monitor over the coming months.