Manchester United must pay whatever it takes to land Harry Kane this summer, claims ex-Tottenham and Chelsea defender Jason Cundy. The Red Devils have long been linked with a move for the England captain. Kane could be set for another trophyless season at Tottenham. He is yet to win any major silverware in his club career. Spurs crashed out of the FA Cup on Wednesday to Championship side Sheffield United. That leaves the Champions League as the only competition Antonio Conte's side can win this term. They will need to overturn the 1-0 first-leg deficit against AC Milan in their last-16 tie to progress. United, meanwhile, are competing on three fronts after already winning the Carabao Cup on Sunday. United were questioned about their acquisition of Casemiro last summer. They committed to paying Real Madrid up to £70million for a player who turned 31 in February. READ MORE: Ten Hag can axe eight Man Utd players to raise £117m in FFP escape route  Kane will turn 30 this summer. Cundy believes even if United overpay for the striker, it would be completely worthwhile - just as Casemiro has proved. He said on talkSPORT: "Man United need to strong-arm Spurs in the summer. Man United, I've been saying this for the last seven or eight years, go and get Harry Kane. "This was in his infancy. You could have bought him for like £25-30m, then it would to £50m-60m, then £70m-80m, now it's £90-100m. "You've seen what Casemiro can do at £70m. People said they overpaid right - who cares? Get Harry Kane, let me tell you now, Man United are right up there. DON'T MISSArsenal stars' dismissive view of Saliba speaks volumes about incredible riseWrexham owner McElhenney makes plea after his team go top of the leagueGuardiola may have made Ferguson Man Utd mistake that could cost Man City  "Man United need to go in there and muscle in between the pair of them and say 'look, here's what we've got going on, we've got Ten Hag, here's what you can earn, here's what you can win'. Man United will beat whatever Spurs throw at him." Kane is out of contract at Tottenham at the end of next season. United are linked with a summer move for him. United legend Gary Neville agrees he would be the perfect signing for his old club. He told The Overlap: "I've worked with him and I've said this before, he will score 30 goals and get 10 or 15 assists and that's an absolute fact. "He's a professional, the dressing room will love him, he'll fit in straight away and he's a guarantee for Manchester United. If he's going to cost £150m and he's 30 it's short-lived but Casemiro, we all said it by the way, a £60m and £20m a year for five years is a £170m investment."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here