Jake Paul's rivalry with KSI looks set to step up a gear after the Brit suggested he'll look to interrupt any plans for a rematch against Tommy Fury. 'TNT' soundly bested 'The Problem Child' in February after months of build-up, but a second showdown appears all but certain after both fighters agreed to meet again. YouTuber KSI was among the first to rub salt in the wound of long-time adversary Paul, celebrating his first boxing defeat in a string of mocking uploads. The Londoner could be set to dig deeper under his rival's skin, however, after hinting he'll step in to fight Fury. KSI is currently without an opponent, having last finished FaZe Temperrr in the first round when they met at Wembley Arena in January. However, the 29-year-old told The MMA Hour last month that he could return to the ring in May, with former UFC champion Tyron Woodley and businessman Joe Fournier touted as potential opponents. But those tentative plans may be abandoned if a date against Fury were made possible, with an all-British affair between the two much more likely to draw widespread appeal. And KSI took to Twitter on Sunday to drum up interest for that clash, noting Paul was taking too long to cement his rematch. READ MORE: Jake Paul filmed running away as Floyd Mayweather confronts him after Miami Heat game  "At this point, after I beat a pro boxer on May 13th, I’m gonna go straight for Tommy Fury," wrote KSI, real name 'Olajide Olayinka Olatunji', or 'JJ'. "Jake Paul is being long with negotiations. The Problem Child has other possibilities in the pipeline himself, having recently sparked suspicions of a clash against former five-weight world champion Floyd Mayweather Jr.. That's after 'Money' and his entourage rushed Paul outside the arena of an NBA match in Miami, leading the Ohio native to later insist the pair duke it out in an official setting. Mayweather's intimidation move was retaliation for Paul's infamous hat theft during the promotion for his brother Logan's exhibition bout against the boxing icon in 2021. While the 26-year-old may be eager to redeem his defeat to Fury in swift fashion, it may be the more sensible business decision to ditch those plans in favour of a fight against 'Pretty Boy'. Don't miss... Fury sent telling advice by dad John on Usyk negotiations  [OPINION] Ex-Joshua trainer lifts lid on serious training camp issues for Usyk  [INSIGHT] Hearn opens door to Joshua vs Fury with 'basis of deal' completed [LATEST] That would leave KSI free to pursue a punch-up against compatriot Fury, whose stock is at a high after extending his undefeated record to 9-0 last month. However, one could argue a meeting with American Paul has the potential to be a bigger sell among spectators. KSI defeated the elder Paul sibling, Logan, in what is technically his only 'professional' boxing match back in November 2019, and a future clash against brother Jake is considered by many to be inevitable. One can't blame the Briton for wanting to best the man who beat him first, however, as the influencer boxing merry-go-round continues to turn.