Tottenham have reportedly accepted that Antonio Conte’s stint as manager is all but over with the club already contemplating who should be his replacement. Former boss Mauricio Pochettino is currently widely considered to be leading the race to replace him, however the likes of Luis Enrique and Ruben Amorim are among those also said to be in the frame. Tottenham supporters have finally lost patience with Conte following the club’s disappointing exit form the Champions League in midweek. Spurs looked slow and lethargic against AC Milan as the importance of the occasion passed them by in the 0-0 draw. Conte has had some major highs while at Spurs, namely beating Arsenal to the final spot in the top four last season. But it appears his credit with the Tottenham board has now ran out. The Times reports that there is a growing acceptance at the club that his tenure his over with the only real question remaining being when he will leave. The Italian’s contract expires at the end of the season, which could mark a convenient point to part ways, but there are arguments to move earlier. The report states that much could be decided by the reception he receives during the weekend’s match against Nottingham Forest and the performance on the day. Just in... Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [LIVE] Pochettino is the clear favourite with the bookies to return to the role having been left without a club since he was sacked by PSG last summer. However, The Athletic reports that a number of other names are in the frame including Enrique, Amorim, Oliver Glasner and Luciano Spalletti, with talks ongoing about the best replacement. For his part Conte has been keen to downplay talk regarding his future, insisting it is a matter for the end of the season as he focuses on helping Spurs improve in the Premier League. Don't miss... Pochettino could snub Tottenham return as players beg him to come back [LATEST] Tottenham may owe Chelsea and Potter gratitude amid growing crisis [INSIGHT] Chelsea owner Boehly has laid down foundations for Harry Kane transfer [GOSSIP] “I'm really sorry for the fans but we cannot invent the win,” he told reporters after the defeat to Milan. “It's important to know this. Hope for a miracle to find a trophy. We have to build step by step. “Today is not the day to speak about my future. I have a contract until the end of the season and Tottenham know very well my thoughts and at the end of the season, we will speak. “I think the situation is very clear. I always say the same things we need time and patience. We don't have solid foundations to fight and win”.