Arsenal star Jorginho showed his leadership ability during the Gunners’ last-gasp 3-2 win over Bournemouth on Saturday. The Italian was trying to encourage team-mates as he warmed up on the sidelines barely taking part in any activity himself as he tried to direct other players into position instead. Arsenal looked to be in severe trouble at home to relegation strugglers Bournemouth with the Cherries taking a two-goal lead through strikes from Philip Billing and Marcos Senesi. However, Mikel Arteta’s men launched a sensational comeback with goals from unlikely trio Thomas Partey, Ben White and Reiss Nelson salvaging the three points. Jorginho was not involved in any of the on-field action but his influence did not go unnoticed. The Italy international was constantly encouraging and offering advice to his team-mates from the sidelines as he warmed up, focusing more on what was happening on the field than his own actions. Jorginho has been an important presence for Arsenal since his arrival from Chelsea in January. He helped Arteta to cover the absence of Partey through injury while his late strike against Aston Villa last month resulted in the winning goal which could prove to be vital come the end of the season. MUST READ: Pep Guardiola names Man City successor and addresses Haaland to Real The victory over Bournemouth helped maintain the Gunners' five point lead at the top of the Premier League following Manchester City’s win 2-0 win over Newcastle United in the early kick-off. Arteta could barely contain his excitement after the match following Nelson’s 98th-minute strike with the adrenaline still coursing through his veins. "I'm incredibly happy. It was just mad. Those feelings of happiness and joy," he said. "It was a really special way and it took until the last second to earn it. I am really proud of them [players]. They never gave up. There is nothing like sharing those great moments with your people. I'm so happy for him [Nelson]. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears "It's just another game, another three points. To win three games in a week [Leicester, Everton, Bournemouth] is very important. We want to stay there [at the top] for as long as possible. There are still a lot of games to play but that’s the beauty of it." Arsenal will be back in Premier League action next weekend with a trip across London to play Fulham on Sunday. In the meantime, Arteta will place his focus on the Europa League fixture with Sporting Lisbon in midweek as he seeks to claim two bits of silverware this season.