Letizia, Queen of Spain, is a busy royal and always seems to be out and about attending engagements, usually with her husband, King Felipe VI. Today, March 3, the Spanish Queen was alone, visiting UNICEF's headquarters in her country's capital. For the occasion, Letizia donned a bright red cape coat, which she has worn on multiple occasions in the past. The royal is a fan of red and often wears the hue - perhaps to represent Spain and its national flag. It was the Hugo Boss Catifa Coat in Red. Belonging to one of the designers' previous seasons, the Hugo Boss website described the coat, saying: "Thanks to the exceptional softness of the new wool fabric, this Boss coat is wonderfully comfortable to wear. "It really catches the eye with its open front and extra wide shawl collar. The wrap belt in a tone-on-tone design instantly creates a feminine silhouette. The ideal choice for classic outdoor looks." Letizia has worn the coat open and closed, using the loose belt to cinch in her waist, and was first seen donning it in 2015. In November last year, Letizia combined the coat with a pair of grey Carolina Herrera trousers and a leather top. She completed the look with a pair of black leather heels, featuring a small bow on the toes. Today, at UNICEF, Letizia had again styled the coat with grey trousers. These were wide leg and long, almost covering the royal's shoes.  Letizia wore suede heels, likely to be by royal favourite brand Gianvito Rossi. The Italian brand is popular among royal circles as everyone from Kate, Princess of Wales to Queen Rania of Jordan owns its shoes. Underneath her coat, Letizia donned a checkered white and red top, which she seemed to have tucked into her trousers. She completed the look with a red leather clutch bag. As for jewellery, Letizia seemed to be wearing her silver Gold & Roses Double Dagger Earrings. These are no longer available to buy on the jewellers' website as they belonged to an old season's collection. Gold & Roses said they were "inspired by the daggers of the Arab warriors". Letizia has been seen wearing the jewels since 2017. Letizia's hair was styled straight, and grey strands were visible among her dark brunette locks. These cannot always be seen as the royal seems to dye her hair, but at times her roots shine through. The royal has previously been praised by royal fans for embracing her grey hair. Jane Goundrey previously wrote on Instagram: "Love her silver highlights."  Before Covid struck in 2020, royal watchers had never seen grey starnds in Letizia's hair, therefore it seemed she had let her roots grow during the pandemic. Pedro Moreno of Jean Louis David hair salon, described Letizia's hair as "elegant", previously telling Express.co.uk that the royal "always opts for a very natural look with her extremely elegant grey hair". "This is also the secret that allows her hair to always look shiny," he added. "Since natural hair is not exposed to the oxidation produced by hair colouring. "Therefore, is capable of reflecting more of the light that falls on it, which is what determines its shine." 