World War 2 investigators have solved one of the conflict's most baffling mysteries following the discovery of an allied submarine in Japan. Researchers have found the final resting place of the USS Albacore, a US Navy ship credited with sinking at least 10 enemy ships during her service before disappearing just months before the end of the war. The discovery has given families of the fallen final closure, with the fate of their loved ones left unconfirmed until now. The US Navy ranked the Albacore among the most effective submarines during World War 2, meaning its disappearance during a routine refuelling stop in Midway on October 28, 1944 prompted additional shock. Naval History and Heritage Command (NHHC) confirmed the wreck's final resting place at the Japanese island of Hokkaido after receiving images from academic Tamaki Ura, of the University of Tokyo. A Remotely Operated Vehicle captured images of the wreck 237 metres underwater, identifying a torpedo tube, tower, hatch, periscope, and antenna. According to the NHHC, the SJ Radar dish and mast, a row of vent holes on top of the superstructure, and the absence of steel plates along the upper edge of the fairwater were key identifiers confirming the wreck was, in fact, the Albacore. READ MORE: SAS scour world for hunt for prized Ukraine Howitzer shells The findings mean that family members of crews aboard the sub as it disappeared have some closure for their long-lost loved ones. Allen Hudgins, then just 19 years old, was among 86 crew members who lost their lives when it was downed in 1944. Lisa Hume Lutman, his great grand niece, said her heart "jumped" at the news that the submarine was found. Ms Lutman, 60, said her family believed he was hit by an explosive, but added they were never given a definitive cause of death. She said: “My heart kind of jumped and I even got kind of teary, because in my wildest dreams I couldn’t imagine it ever being found. “I’d always heard that they thought it hit an explosive, but it was never confirmed. “Me, my brother, and my daughter have all felt a sense of interest – and now a sense of closure.” She added: “When I look at his photo, I think about what his life could’ve been had he not died at 19 years old." Don't miss... Gary Lineker compares Suella Braverman's immigration bill to Nazis [INSIGHT] 'Big cat' evidence 'overwhelming' in UK as couple capture 'panther'  [REPORT] Parking row erupts as sinister notes left on windscreens [PICTURES] “And I think about how brave he was at such a young age to be fighting in a war. “I knew what happened to him as I grew up, and often thought about him and what he would have been like if I’d ever gotten to meet him.” Dr Ura said that Japanese reports from 1944 had confirmed the sub's fate, stating it hit mines on November 7 that year. But he added the latest imaging finally identifies a Gato-class unit. He said there is "no other wreck around" allowing researchers to confirm, with the other identifying details, that it is the Albacore. Samuel Cox, director of the NHHC, said his organisation wanted to "sincerely thank and congratulate Dr Ura and his team" for their efforts to locate the wreck. He said: “It is through their hard work and continued collaboration that we could confirm Albacore’s identity after being lost at sea for over 70 years.” The Albacore was commissioned on June 1, 1942, and built by the Connecticut-based Electric Boat Company. Over the course of World War 2, crews aboard the submarine racked up 10 confirmed and three unconfirmed enemy sinking, earning them nine battle stars and four Presidential Unit Citations during her career.