Arsenal's purchase of Martin Odegaard has proven to be a bargain signing by Mikel Arteta, according to Gunners legend Ray Parlour. Arteta chose to buy the Norwegian ahead of Leicester's James Maddison in the summer of 2021. Odegaard first joined Arsenal on a six-month loan in January 2021. He didn't have a major impact during his first spell at the Emirates and returned to Real Madrid. The attacking midfielder was still keen to make it at the Bernabeu after joining as a 16-year-old. Arteta wanted to recruit in his position and Maddison was a top target. However, Leicester wanted around £70million from the Gunners. Arteta held off and waited until later in the window to make a decision. Odegaard did not see a way into the first-team picture at Real and there was only one place he wanted to go. Arsenal completed a deal at half the price Leicester were quoting for Maddison.  Read more... Lineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [LATEST] And Parlour has hailed his former club for a smart piece of business. He said on talkSPORT: "He’s been a brilliant signing Odegaard. They tried to go for Maddison, £60m-£70m and they couldn’t get him probably. "They went with Odegaard for £30-35m, what a steal. He’s never injured, he’s always wants the ball in tight situations. "As No 10, he can see pictures. That’s why Real Madrid went in for him as a youngster. He didn’t make it at Real Madrid, but now he’s such an important player for Arsenal." Odegaard registered seven goals and four assists in his first full season in the Premier League. But after being named captain last summer, he has taken his game to the next level.  Don't miss... Man Utd make decision on Pellistri future as Greenwood latest emerges [REPORT] Leaked BBC email shows what staff were told about Gary Lineker return [LEAK] Casemiro appeal decision made and new Kane info in Man Utd update [NEWS] The 24-year-old has 10 goals and six assists from midfield in the top flight this term, with 11 games still remaining. Jamie Redknapp has labelled Odegaard as the best midfielder in England on current form. The former Liverpool captain said on Sky Sports: "Right now he’s No 1. There’s nobody [better]. Normally we would say Kevin De Bruyne is the best midfield player, not just in the Premier League but the world, but something isn’t quite right. "But Odegaard does this thing where – all great players possess it – it’s like time stands still when he has the ball. Most players [would rush the shot], especially midfield players as we’re not used to getting in those situations. But the calmness that he possesses, he’s scored four or five goals like that with that left foot. "He’s the captain, he’s the leader. Yeah, for me he’s No 1. And he’s leading that team."  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE