Lewis Hamilton’s new F1 movie starring Brad Pitt will soon start production at Grand Prix weekends, according to Ted Kravitz. The Sky Sports pundit revealed filmmakers will shoot over F1 weekends to put together the new film. Kravitz also claimed the team had built a full camera car ready to shoot on-track action at events. Kravitz made the admission on Ted’s Notebook after Sunday’s Bahrain Grand Prix. He said: “They're starting filming the Lewis Hamilton produced, Brad Pitt starred movie. I think the director of photography was here or the production manager or production designer. And they are going to start filming it, you're going to see them around. “They've built the camera car apparently. A car with cameras on it like in Top Gun. They are going to start using Grand Prix weekends to start filming the movie. I don't know when they are going to start but apparently it’s soon.” The new movie is yet to be titled but is expected to be based around a seasoned driver who mentors a young up-and-coming talent. READ MORE: Perez fires warning to Verstappen as Red Bull dominate at Bahrain GP F1 team bosses held meetings with Pitt and director Jerry Bruckheimer last year to understand the plans for the project. Manufacturers held individual meetings over the United States Grand Prix weekend in Austin last October. Hamilton has previously admitted he was “incredibly excited” about getting involved. The seven-time champion also suggested the film would be the “best racing movie ever”. Last month, Hamilton issued a further update on the project as he told fans that casting for some roles was still taking place. We’re going through a process right now of selecting the character that will be alongside Brad, which is exciting," he said. DON'T MISSHamilton disagrees with Russell on Mercedes ambitions after Bahrain GP [INSIGHT]Christian Horner gives Lewis Hamilton title view after Mercedes issues [ANALYSIS]Fernando Alonso has Lewis Hamilton wish after Bahrain podium [COMMENT] “Basically, we have recordings of them [potential actors] doing certain scenes and we go through. I’ve sat in the office with [producer] Jerry, Joe [Kosinski] and Brad and we’ve been watching them and kind of giving our inputs and what we think. “I think my responsibility is to make sure it is diverse. I want to make the movie, in terms of having diversity and representation, I want it to be as Formula One should be in the future or should be now but will be in the future.”