Kitchens are supposed to be one of the cleanest rooms in the home, however there is a particular compartment in fridges that many claimed to be the dirtiest area. While it’s vital to clean the doors and inside the fridge, the worst culprit is an area most households might not even know exists in the appliance - the drip tray. An expert at Delish has revealed that it is among the “dirtiest things in your kitchen”. While the location of the tray can vary, it is typically found behind the fridge and catches the defrosted ice from leaking outside. It is one of the most useful parts in any fridge. However, it’s up to households to clean the drip tray regularly to remove any blockage in the drain and ensure that water does not build-up inside or outside of the appliance. If the tray has been left for a long time without cleaning, the standing water in it will allow bacteria and mould to build up and thrive inside. The mould could explain the reason why a kitchen is developing a nasty odour. One woman even took to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook group to share photos of the mould-covered drip trays in the back of her fridge, explaining that those hidden compartments can be the cause of some seriously nasty smells. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p The group member said: “I didn’t even know there was a drip tray on fridges. I always wondered what the bung was for in the back of a fridge. I always clean it. But never knew there was a tray above the motor where the liquid collects. “So if any of you have a bad smell in the kitchen, and you can’t find it. Try here first. Absolutely disgusted with myself.” Luckily cleaning experts at Fantastic Services have shared their top tips to achieve the “best results” when cleaning a fridge drip tray. There are a few important steps households should follow in order to access the drip pan. First, they should start by disconnecting the water and power supply. This is perhaps the most important part of the process for those who need to access the back panel of the fridge as it eliminates the possibility of causing a leak or electrocution while trying to get to the drip tray. DON'T MISSGardener shares ‘only' method to kill ivy without damaging your garden [TIPS]‘Ideal’ steps to guarantee more ‘long lasting’ hydrangea blooms [EXPERT]Five gardening jobs to do in March - including essential daffodil task [INSIGHT] If the drip pan is in the rear of the appliance, unscrew the back panel and place the screws and bolts in one place, to avoid losing them. For those who are unable to remove the drip tray from the fridge, which is a possibility since some of them could be quite difficult to take out, then households can clean it as it is. If the drip pan is in the front of the fridge, start by removing the kick panel. It’s positioned at the bottom of the fridge and it can be easily pulled out by sliding a putty knife between the appliance and the kick panel itself. Once removed, locate the drip panel and try to pull it out. For those who find it difficult and need to use force, this might be a sign that the drip panel is not removable, in which case it’s best to give up in order to avoid damaging the fridge. If the drip pan can be removed, start by emptying the water from the pan – there probably won’t be a lot of water since the heat from the fridge’s compressor causes most of it to evaporate. Still, if there’s any left, households can pour it down the sink or remove it by using a wet and dry vacuum. READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Thoroughly apply a cleaning solution –  mix one part bleach and two parts water, spray the solution on the entire drip tray surface and let it settle for a couple of minutes. For those not a fan of bleach and prefer a natural cleaning solution, Fantastic Cleaners recommended using white vinegar instead. Many will already have a bottle of white vinegar in their kitchen cupboards. But, for those who don’t it is cheap to buy from local supermarkets. It retails for 29p in both Tesco and Sainsbury’s The next task is to scrub the drip pan. Make sure to remove all the nasty built-up grime and residue. The experts said: “There might be some mouldy bits as well, which you’d want to scrub well in order to achieve the best results.” Follow up by wiping the drip tray. Once all of the accumulated dirt has been scrubbed off, proceed to wipe thoroughly with paper towels or a cleaning cloth. Then rinse well with warm water to remove all of the cleaning solution and residue. For those who cannot remove their drip pan, they can still achieve a thorough clean, it'll just require some extra work. The cleaning pros said: “You can do that by using a flexible claw grabber. Take a cleaning wet wipe and place it inside the claw. Then, put the claw grabber inside the drip pan and proceed to carefully wipe it to remove the accumulated grime, dirt and mould.” After a couple of minutes, check on the wipe and if it’s dirty, replace it with a new one and repeat the process. It might take a few times before the wipe comes out of the drip pan clean.