A dog nearly poisoned herself when she munched through a bunch of daffodils she pinched from a vase. Agatha thought the spring flowers were a tasty treat left out for her on the dining table by owner Lynsey Harris. The pet - a cross between a springer spaniel and a poodle – cleverly used a chair as a springboard to jump up to the table, which otherwise would have been out of her reach. But she quickly vomited and Lynsey rushed the two-year-old pooch to a 24-hour emergency vets. Staff at Vets Now in Newport, south Wales, told Lynsey daffodils contain several toxic chemicals, potentially lethal for dogs. Speaking today, Lynsey said: I’ve learned my lesson here – and hopefully this will raise awareness for other owners of what a serious issue this is. "But I don’t think Agatha has learned her lesson. She’d probably do it again if she got the chance – which she won’t because I’m keeping flowers well out of her reach. She is quite stubborn and always eating something she shouldn't."   Fortunately, Agatha did not need extensive treatment at the clinic. Her owner was given doses of liquid charcoal to squirt into Agatha's throat to prevent further absorption of anything left in her tummy. And after a day or so, she was back to her normal self – charging around the house and prowling the garden at the home in Newport. Daffodils are one of the Welsh national emblems and are popular on St David's Day - March 1 every year. Lynsey, though, is keen for other owners to be aware about the damage that even one or two daffodils can do to a dog. “We’ve had excellent care – but enough is enough," the woman continued. “It was really life and death for her. I was fearing for the worst when this happened." Iwona Szmycl from our Newport clinic who led Agatha's treatment said: "We’ve got to know Agatha very well – she’s such a funny character. "Daffodils look so innocent but they can be toxic for dogs and with St David’s Day and Mother’s Day coming up it’s worth everyone bearing that in mind. "And if your dog does manage to eat daffodils, please do what Lynsey did and seek vet help straightaway." 