With a mere two episodes of Endeavour left there are still a lot of loose ends to tie up. Bringing the Thursday family’s story to a conclusion involved bringing back a character who hasn’t been seen since season five. Sam Thursday (played by Jack Bannon) is making a welcome return to the family fold after serving with the British Army in Northern Ireland, and Shaun Evans who plays the titular Endeavour has described Bannon as “fantastic”. But while Sam may be causing tension for his character, Evans has nothing but praise for Bannon. “Jack Bannon, who plays Sam, is fantastic. It was so lovely to welcome Jack back. He is a brilliant actor,” he gushed. The last mention of Sam in the show was in the season eight finale Terminus when Fred received troubling news about his son. The young soldier had gone missing from his post and Fred wondered if he’d been spooked by seeing a fellow soldier killed while on the job. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis But while Sam may be causing tension for his character, Evans has nothing but praise for Bannon. “Jack Bannon, who plays Sam, is fantastic. It was so lovely to welcome Jack back. He is a brilliant actor,” he gushed. The last mention of Sam in the show was in the season eight finale Terminus when Fred received troubling news about his son. The young soldier had gone missing from his post and Fred wondered if he’d been spooked by seeing a fellow soldier killed while on the job. Jim Strange (Sean Rigby) had been looking into Sam’s disappearance but hadn’t managed to come up with any news about the soldier’s whereabouts. Bannon was last a series regular back in season three when he appeared in all episodes of the run. Prior to this, he hadn’t featured for quite a while with the character completely absent from the fourth season. He was last seen on screen in season five in an episode called Colours, in which he discovered a murder at his army base after a model turned up dead during a photoshoot there. DON'T MISS: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark [INSIGHT]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [SPOILERS]Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [INSIGHTS] Sam’s appearance this time round marks an end for the character as well as the show and Evans has been reflecting on the finality of this season. “What we wanted to do was to end Endeavour in a way that was fitting to all of the enormous work we had put into it over the last 10 years and also to all of the huge support we have had every year from the audience. “To not leave anybody feeling short changed. To leave people feeling emotionally satisfied. “We won’t be seeing Joan and Thursday again. We will see Morse and Strange again ‘later on’ in Inspector Morse but they will be very different versions of themselves. But our story is at its end.” Evans won’t be off-screen for long as his next major TV role was recently announced. He will lead the cast of a new true crime drama with the working title of Delia Balmer. Based on Balmer’s book Living with a Serial Killer the four-part series will examine the real-life story of how she survived a near-fatal relationship with murderer John Sweeney. The role sees Evans play Sweeney, alongside BAFTA winning Line of Duty and Motherland actress, Anna Maxwell Martin as Balmer.  Endeavour airs on ITV on Sunday nights at 8pm