There are a huge number of things that can affect the value of a home. Some factors, like the schools in the area or the crime rate, aren’t in the control of households. However, there are some things that homeowners can change to help improve the value of their property. Melissa Klink, Creative Director at Harvey Jones, has shared what decor features she thinks devalues a property with Express.co.uk. For those selling their house, updating the paint scheme will likely be on their agenda. A fresh coat of paint around the house interiors can go a long way to impress potential buyers. But while a carefully chosen colour palette will increase the value of a house, not all shades are good for house value. Some colours can actually devalue a home. According to a recent study by independent paint retailer The Paint Shed, nearly four in 10 would offer less for a house they were interested in purchasing based on the colour scheme alone, and nearly one in five would be put off from making an offer completely. Melissa said: “Sprucing up the house is often recommended before putting a property on the market. However, we always recommend staying away from really bold, funky colours and bright patterns when trying to resell to avoid instantly devaluing a home. READ MORE: Kitchen paint colours to avoid that give a ‘cheap and outdated’ look “Keeping schematics more neutral helps to appeal to a wider variety of new homeowners.” Doing maintenance jobs for cheap usually backfires. It’s important to know where Britons should spend and save money. The expert warned: “Engaging with sub-standard contractors to complete renovation work cheaply will impact the value of a home instantly. In most cases, you get what you pay for. “Observing renovation work that is not finished to a high level of standard will place doubt in potential homeowners about the quality of the overall home itself. Don't miss... I removed stubborn limescale from my kettle with cheap kitchen staple [COMMENT] Remove stubborn ‘green stains’ from your fence with kitchen staple [TIPS] ‘Indestructible’ garden plants that are ‘impossible to kill’  [EXPERT] “It’s important to know where you can save money and where you should spend money.” When potential buyers view a property, they often picture themselves living there. However, that's hard to do when it's full of clutter. Clutter and general untidiness has the potential to make rooms look a lot smaller than they actually are, as well giving the appearance of a neglected and unhygienic home. Melissa said: “Clutter takes up space and instantly devalues a home, so avoid any design choices that will enhance the feeling of clutter or a messy lifestyle. READ MORE: Five features that makes a house look ‘cheap’ - ‘big turn off’ “If your house resembles a storage facility, buyers are not going to be able to notice all the great features your home has to offer. “Buyers will have a hard time visualising their items instead of yours. Therefore, taking out items will make your home look larger and visually appealing.” According to the expert, the kitchen can be the “make or break” of a great home. After all this room is known as the heart of the home. Melissa said: “A poor-quality kitchen will instantly devalue the overall property, and reversely, a high-quality, handmade kitchen will add instant value. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “For many, the kitchen is the ‘heart of the home’, therefore it should come as no surprise that the kitchen is the most expensive room to have redesigned/refitted. “As a result a potential buyer may be put off if they realise they’ll have to do a lot of work." There are three elements of a kitchen that are important to home buyers. These include worktops, appliances and cabinetry. For those who can’t afford a complete overhaul, there are plenty of cheaper alternatives like replacing taps and handles.