Manchester United are reportedly poised to meet with Dean Henderson and his team before the end of the month. Erik ten Hag is rumoured to be weighing up a change between the sticks and he has seemingly come to a conclusion on David de Gea. De Gea has been through highs and lows throughout the course of his extensive United career. The Spaniard signed in 2011 and has racked up more than 500 appearances for the Red Devils, although his lucrative contract expires at the end of the season. United have the option to extend it for another year but they are yet to trigger it amid concerns over his ability in possession. According to ESPN, Ten Hag has been impressed with De Gea but he ultimately feels as though a better goalkeeper with the ball at their feet would help his team to control games. Henderson signed a bumper contract with United in 2020 before going on to enjoy a brief spell as No 1 as De Gea dropped to the bench.  Don't miss... Mauricio Pochettino 'ready to accept Tottenham job' if Conte quits [GOSSIP] The Spaniard regained his starting spot the following season, however, forcing Henderson to sit out virtually the whole of 2021/22 before joining Nottingham Forest on loan last summer. The on-loan United stopper made a strong impression early in the campaign before missing the past two months with injury. Forest took action in January by bringing in former Real Madrid goalkeeper Keylor Navas, which could make it difficult for Henderson to force his way back into manager Steve Cooper's plans.  Read more... Man Utd trio could move up pecking order after Liverpool mauling [COMMENT] Ronaldo to be reunited with ref Messi got kicked out of World Cup [LATEST] Carragher still expects Chelsea to sack Potter after Dortmund heroics [LATEST] United will reportedly hold a meeting with Henderson's representatives before the end of the month to decide how best to proceed. De Gea leaving the club may not necessarily lead to the Englishman taking the No 1 spot if Ten Hag would prefer to recruit from elsewhere. Henderson supposedly wants regular football that can help him work towards a place in the England squad. The 25-year-old has one cap for the Three Lions, first being called up to the squad while playing frequently on loan at Sheffield United. United have been linked with a host of talented goalkeeper options amid uncertainty over De Gea's future. Brentford have hot property in David Raya and the Spaniard claims to have turned down two separate contract offers in west London. Everton star Jordan Pickford has also been linked to an exit as another relegation battle takes shape on Merseyside, while Porto youngster Diogo Costa is touted as an option that may tempt Ten Hag into splashing the cash. 