Experts are warning that implementing changes to the state pension may be too “tempting” for the Chancellor in the upcoming Budget. It is rumoured Mr Hunt could introduce changes to the state pension which would impact hundreds of thousands of Britons. Specifically, experts believe the Treasury is considering bringing forward the state pension age. As it stands, the state pension age is 66 but this is subject to change and has increased over the years. Under current proposals, Britons will see the state pension eligibility age rise to 67 by 2028 at the latest. While this is likely to remain in place, reports suggest that the Government is exploring bringing forward the period of the state pension age being increased to 68. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance The Treasury reportedly is looking for this rise to the retirement age to take place as early as 2035. If this were to be implemented, the change would primarily affect those who are 54 years old as of today. Any increases to the state pension age are based on trends within life expectancy data in the UK. However, recent data has shown that improvements in life expectancy have reversed since the pandemic. Due to this, if the Government makes people wait longer for their retirement entitlement, it will likely be a controversial decision which could provoke outrage. Alice Guy, head of pensions and savings at interactive investor, outlined why accelerating the state pension age rise may be too tempting for Jeremy Hunt. She explained: “It’s a question of when not if, when it comes to speeding up raising the state pension age to 68. “Raising the state pension age earlier than planned in the budget will be an extremely tempting option for Hunt as it’s a relatively easy way to reduce the Governments’ pension bill and balance the books. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “The Chancellor is likely to have advanced sight of the state second periodic review of the state pension age, led by Baroness Neville-Rolfe, which is due to come out by May this year.” This review is forecast to increase the state pension age to 68 by 2034, which will also impact the private pension age. The retirement expert outlined why the Chancellor may not introduce “widespread reform” of the pension system. Ms Guy added: “The private pension age will be tied to the state pension age from 2028 and will be 10 years earlier than the state pension age from that point. “We’re unlikely to see widespread reform to the pension tax relief system as this would require a period of consultation. “Pension tax relief is a key pillar of the UK pension system – although the state pension is relatively small in the UK, it’s supplemented by a well-funded private pension system, supported by generous tax relief.” State pensioners are already set to receive a significant payment boost in April thanks to the return of the triple lock. Those in receipt of the new state pension will see their payments exceed £10,000 annually once the 10.1 percent rate hike is implemented.