A prisoner jailed for his part in a conspiracy to ship £160million worth of cocaine into the UK has been bitten by a rat in jail and contracted an unpleasant disease. Wayne Bush, 52, needed an operation and spent time in hospital after getting Weil's Disease. The serial criminal has been locked up again for viciously attacking his girlfriend on Christmas Day, an assault which left her with two black eyes. Bush had been recalled to prison until 2025 after breaching his licence after being released from the "major" drugs offence. During this spell, he contracted the rare disease. But the grandfather will spend a further three years in jail for the assault after appearing at Hull Crown Court this week, where he admitted two offences of assaulting the woman, causing actual bodily harm, and others of intentional strangulation and harassment. The woman suffered two black eyes and a cut above an eye in the attack. Bush was arrested on Boxing Day, reports Hull Live. Benjamin Donnell, prosecuting, said that Bush and his girlfriend went to a wedding on July 9 but, after they returned home and were going to bed in the early hours, he told her that she did not love him any more. Bush put his hand around her throat and punched her in the face with such force that she fell off the bed and onto the floor. He punched her twice more in the face. "The complainant was screaming at the top of her voice, shouting for him to get off her," said Mr Donnell. "To muffle her screams, the defendant picked up a pillow and placed it over her face and applied pressure." He told her: "Shut up. Nobody will hear you." The woman struggled to breathe and tried to fight back. She suffered bruises to her face and an upper lip injury after her tooth apparently went through the side of her lip. The woman ended her relationship with Bush but he barraged her with 54 telephone calls and 82 WhatsApp messages on December 14. In a voice message, he said: "I'm giving your number to a few lads on the estate. They're going to come round and they're going to get you. Goodbye." Bush got his friends to "hound" the woman with telephone calls. She answered one of them and a friend of Bush warned her that he was going to "put her windows in". On Christmas Day, the woman decided to "have it out with him" and went to a property in Hedon, where Bush came out of the front door. Her phone rang and he grabbed it from out of her hand, accusing her that it was her new boyfriend. "She reached for the phone and the defendant grabbed hold of both her arms and pulled, causing her to stumble forwards and fall on the ground," said Mr Donnell. "He sat on top of her and punched her to the face a number of times. The complainant fought back and managed to bite him on the nose to get him off her. He punched her one last time before getting off her." Julia Baggs, mitigating, said that it was a "toxic" relationship and problems led to recurring arguments. "He fully understands the seriousness of these offences," said Miss Baggs. "He recognises that it was deeply unpleasant conduct. He has no intention of contacting her again."   The defendant, a former mechanic, had been jailed for six years at Leeds Crown Court in March 2016 after being arrested for conspiracy to import Class A drugs. Bush, from Hull,  was one of at least nine people to be jailed after the yacht was intercepted by the Irish Navy off the south-west coast of Ireland in September 2014. He was part of a three-man crew that was due to sail out and meet the yacht to bring back the drugs after a crime group transported them across the Atlantic.  "The complainant was screaming at the top of her voice, shouting for him to get off her," said Mr Donnell. "To muffle her screams, the defendant picked up a pillow and placed it over her face and applied pressure." He told her: "Shut up. Nobody will hear you." The woman struggled to breathe and tried to fight back. She suffered bruises to her face and an upper lip injury after her tooth apparently went through the side of her lip. The woman ended her relationship with Bush but he barraged her with 54 telephone calls and 82 WhatsApp messages on December 14. In a voice message, he said: "I'm giving your number to a few lads on the estate. They're going to come round and they're going to get you. Goodbye." Bush got his friends to "hound" the woman with telephone calls. She answered one of them and a friend of Bush warned her that he was going to "put her windows in". On Christmas Day, the woman decided to "have it out with him" and went to a property in Hedon, where Bush came out of the front door. Her phone rang and he grabbed it from out of her hand, accusing her that it was her new boyfriend. "She reached for the phone and the defendant grabbed hold of both her arms and pulled, causing her to stumble forwards and fall on the ground," said Mr Donnell. "He sat on top of her and punched her to the face a number of times. The complainant fought back and managed to bite him on the nose to get him off her. He punched her one last time before getting off her." 