WARNING: This article contains spoilers from the Endeavour finale Endeavour wrapped up last night (March 12) with the Inspector Morse prequel series concluding as the ITV show brought the story of the young police detective to its natural end. However, there were lots of questions left by the final set of scenes, particularly one with Endeavour Morse (played by Shaun Evans) in a cemetery. Endeavour loaded a gun with one bullet as the camera cut away and next viewers heard a shot ring out in the empty graveyard, leaving many to contemplate what had occurred. Endeavour seemed to be alive as he subsequently performed in a choir at Blenheim Palace, suggesting he hadn’t taken his own life. Many took to social media to question the moment with one viewer called Sir St John Stopp-Ffibbing said: "Fred arguably acted in self-defence. The gunshot was symbolic perhaps; the ‘death’ (ending) of Endeavour and the ‘birth’ (beginning) of Morse?" While a user called Fox said: "The gunshot was exeunt Endeavour, jags cross, enter Morse." Mark Hill wrote: "I’ve been thinking about that gunshot at the end of Endeavour, and all the different meanings of it in this multiversal world. There’s a faint whiff of Life On Mars in there, too [sic].” READ MORE: Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose Another fan called Coral said: "Can’t lie though the gunshot had me momentarily questioning my own mind and whether old Morse actually happened #Endeavour." Effy tweeted: "#Endeavour phew what a final ever episode. Sad for Fred to end up being a killer though. "But why the gunshot in the graveyard? We know it wasn’t Morse unaliving himself, even before showing him singing, this is a prequel series! [sic]” Richard Horrocks wrote: "#Endeavour wondering if the gunshot was Morse destroying the gravestone to hide the Blenheim Vale link ?? #Morse." Laura said: "Was the gunshot at the end to erase the name on the gravestone #Endeavour." READ MORE: Endeavour season 9 ending explained as finale includes death So, it looks like the gunshot may have symbolised the end of Endeavour’s chapter and heralded in the era of Inspector Morse. The gunshot was the metaphorical death of the young version of the character. Moreover, the Shakespeare quote from The Tempest performed straight after seemed to underscore this. The speech itself may have been a meta moment, referring to the cast simply being players on a stage with the curtain now falling on the show. But it also seemed to be a reference to death and perhaps the demise of both the show and character of Endeavour. READ MORE: The Inspector Morse franchise could continue with a Thursday prequel Some took the scene more literally and thought Endeavour may have taken his own life. This would give the whole Inspector Morse series a dream-like status with viewers left contemplating the subsequent scenes after the graveyard and gunshot. As mentioned by one viewer, who compared it to Life of Mars, if Endeavour did end his own life, this would suggest Inspector Morse could almost be a form of purgatory for the detective. The other intriguing theory is Endeavour destroyed a gravestone in the churchyard to end the link to Blenheim Vale, the case which he wasn’t able to crack. DON'T MISS...Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [VIEWER REACTION]Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [INSIGHT]Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [VIDEO] But it would seem strange Endeavour would only have put one bullet in the chamber as this would imply he was playing Russian Roulette rather than purposely trying to destroy a tombstone and evidence. As there was only one bullet in the gun, there was every chance he may not have been successful in destroying the gravestone - if this had been his goal. Either way, the moment felt highly metaphorical and meta-textual with Endeavour crossing paths on a road and passing his older incarnation’s (John Thaw) iconic red Jaguar. Express.co.uk has approached ITV for comment on the ending of Endeavour. Endeavour is streaming on ITVX now