The top hacks to beat snoring include using extra pillows, drinking water before bed – and putting a tennis ball in your pyjamas to stop you lying on your back. A study of 2,000 adults found 56 percent either snore, or have a partner who does – with 54 percent of those resorting to a host of tricks to try and silence the noise. Nasal strips, dilators, or spray, a hot shower before bed, and even sleeping sitting up, also featured in the top 30 list. But while some avoid alcohol before bed (nine percent), or even at all (eight percent), one in twenty (five percent) swear by a tipple before nodding off to stop snoring. Others have resorted to taping their mouth, putting a peg on their nose, or sleeping with their head at the end of the bed. The study also found 44 percent of those who snore or live with a snorer are so fed up with the noise, they would do anything do stop it. This sees them spend an average of £33.20 a year trying to silence it – but they would be willing to spend up to £288 if it meant it would stop for good. Steve Smith, UK Director of www.mutesnoring.com, which commissioned the research executed in partnership with WebMD as part of its 2023 Annual Sleep and Snore Report, said: “Snoring can be disruptive, and people are willing to give pretty much anything a go to put a stop to it. “And while some of these are fairly routine hacks, there are some more unusual things being put to the test. “While things like using extra pillows, humidifiers, and opening up the airways can all help with snoring, things like having a hot shower before bed, sleeping upside down in the bed, and wearing an eye mask, aren’t likely to help that much. “Whether you are the snorer, or the person who has to put up with the noise from a partner, it can have a huge impact on your sleep, relationship, and life generally. “As a result, there are some who are willing to do whatever it takes to put a stop to it.” The study also found 29 percent would consider surgery in a bid to bring an end to the habit. And 39 percent have ended up sleeping in separate bedrooms, while 13 percent have resorted to sleeping tablets. But for 11 percent, it has got so bad, they have had a relationship end because of one of them snoring. The study, carried out via OnePoll, also found that in a bid to stop snoring, 28 percent have turned to the internet for advice, while 18 percent have gone to friends and family – and 17 percent have even sought help from health professionals. However, 61 percent admitted they have simply come to accept that it’s never going to go away. It also emerged those classed as obese are more likely to be snorers (58 percent) than those who have an underweight (23 percent) or healthy (26 percent) BMI. And 38 percent of men snore, compared to 32 percent of women. Steve Smith, for www.mutesnoring.com, added: “Snoring doesn’t have to be something you simply put up with. “With sound strategies, you really can reduce or even eliminate the snoring noise in your bedroom – and not surprisingly, improving your nasal breathing is one of the best things snorers can do.”