Andy Murray has the "perfect conditions" to climb back up to the seeded spots in the men's rankings and begin challenging for a Grand Slam title again, according to Mats Wilander. Murray appears to be in a good place in the early months of 2023 having reached the third round of the Australian Open for the first time in six years before reaching the final at the Qatar Open. He's set to return to the court today for the start of the BNP Paribas Open against Tomas Martin Etcheverry with the Miami Masters taking place immediately afterward. The 'Sunshine Double' is a great opportunity for players to climb up the rankings with strong performances. The former British No 1 suffered a disappointing early exit at last year's Indian Wells before being handed a tough draw in Miami where he lost to Daniil Medvedev in the second round. But Murray heads into the American tournaments in good condition with a great opportunity to climb back inside the world top 50. The ultimate goal is to get back inside the top 32 to be ranked at Grand Slams, and Wilander doesn't think Murray is too far away from getting there. “Indian Wells and Miami are perfect tournaments for Murray because it's not five sets, it's three sets,” he told to Eurosport. “He's got a day off between most matches. Let's say he gets to his semi-finals and he's going to play the first few matches with a day off in between, that makes a huge difference for Andy. And then I think you have to put the comfortable factor into the equation. He's played Indian Wells and Miami so many times. "They are very difficult places to play hard-court tennis, to me, because the conditions are extremely different from Indian Wells to Miami. Indian Wells is very high, bouncy, it's very slow. So there are certain opponents that you're going to have a problem with, and there are certain opponents that you're going to find easier to play on a court like that. Don't miss... Novak Djokovic retirement message sent to rivals with new 'main foc... [LATEST] Novak Djokovic's coach takes brutal swipe at 'no-name players' [LATEST] Novak Djokovic told US withdrawal could help achieve incredible feat [LATEST] "And Murray, being a tactical genius, I think he welcomes the challenge of playing in the desert air where it's really cold at night and it's very hot and fast during the daytime. And to Murray, I think these conditions and circumstances are perfect for him. So I believe this is where he can make his move higher up in the ranking. "Because, again, we have to remember someone like Murray - if he's going to win a Grand Slam tournament again - the first step is to be seeded, he needs to be seeded amongst the top so that he doesn't run into Novak Djokovic in the third or fourth round. “He needs to play the best players in the quarters or the semis because he needs the matches and the confidence before he faces the likes of [Daniil] Medvedev or Djokovic or Rafael Nadal.” Murray hasn't made it past the third round of any major since 2017, with his last Grand Slam win coming the year prior at Wimbledon.