Interest rates have risen dramatically in recent months following recent intervention from the Bank of England to mitigate the damage caused by inflation on the economy. High street banks and building societies have partially pushed this base rate hike onto their savings accounts in a boon for their customers. In light of this, experts are sharing the best savings accounts for the week beginning February 27, 2023. Lucinda O’Brien, Money.co.uk’s savings expert, has highlighted some of the highest rates being offered across different savings accounts. Specifically, Ms O’Brien broke down the best easy-access savings accounts, notice savings accounts, fixed-rate bonds and cash ISAs. The savings accounts highlighted by Money.co.uk include the following: READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance  READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing  The savings expert praised certain accounts in particular for offering better overall returns for savers. She explained: “This week, fixed-rate bonds are continuing to offer savers competitive interest rates. “If you don’t need your money for at least a year, My Community Bank 1 Year Fixed Term Deposit has an attractive 4.32 percent interest rate, which is considerably more than the top easy access account from Yorkshire Building Society at 3.35 percent. “This proves once again that you’ll be rewarded if you can commit to no withdrawals for a significant period of time.” She also emphasised the usefulness of certain types of savings products for those who want the benefits of high rates and accessibility. Ms O’Brien added: “However, notice savings accounts can act as a middle ground, as you’ll find good interest rates and some flexibility. “Investec 90-Day Notice Saver’s interest rate is 3.55 percent and you’ll be able to access your money after giving notice of around three months, making it a good compromise.” As it stands, the Bank of England’s base rate is sitting at four percent and inflation is at 10.1 percent.