Savings rates have now hit their highest levels since the financial crisis, with the Bank of England hiking base rates from nearly zero to four percent in the last year alone. But there are still unknowns for savers, particularly when it comes to the best way to navigate the current market and secure the top deals. With this in mind, Peter Hatton, TSB’s Head of Savings, provided answers to crucial questions Britons need to be asking at this time, sharing these exclusively with Express.co.uk. Mr Hatton explained for those who are newer to saving the answer is “undoubtedly yes”. This is because it is typically best to keep savings in a dedicated account, held separately from spending money in a current account. However, the expert said even experienced savers should be reviewing the interest rate they are currently earning on their cash, to see if they could do better. He added: “Now is a good time to shop around as it’s possible to secure rates which are better than we’ve seen for several years. And remember, we can’t be sure how much longer they’ll stay at these levels." READ MORE: State pension age hike may be announced by Jeremy Hunt next week Mr Hatton stated this will depend on personal circumstances, including how much one has saved, as well as what type of access to their cash is necessary. He explained: “Instant access accounts allow you to make frequent deposits and withdrawals, so they’re ideal if you want regular access to your savings to help with budgeting, or in case it’s needed for a rainy day. “For larger balances, which you don’t expect to need access to, you could consider a fixed-term product such as a bond. Don't miss... Warning as income-poor pensioners worse off in benefits  [LATEST] WASPI women bring traffic to a standstill in London protest [NEWS] Britons warned the ‘price of happiness’ in retirement is £145,833 [EXCLUSIVE] “These products usually offer a higher interest rate in return for locking the money away – usually for one, two or three years. “The added appeal of these products is that the interest rate is usually fixed for that period, meaning they provide a guaranteed return.” Those saving over a longer time may wish to consider investing in stocks and shares, Mr Hatton added. However, Britons should always be aware capital is at risk, and they may get less out than they originally put in. ISAs are a particularly enticing savings option, as they offer Britons the chance to shield the interest they earn from tax - however, they might not be right, or even necessary, for everyone. Mr Hatton said: “To understand whether an ISA is right for you, it’s also helpful to understand the Personal Tax Allowance. “The Personal Tax Allowance is the amount of interest an individual can earn each tax year before they have to start paying tax on it. For a basic rate taxpayer this is £1,000, and it’s £500 for higher rate taxpayers. “To put this into context, if you place £12,500 in a savings account earning four percent, it’ll earn £500 interest in a year.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea ISAs may not always offer the best interest rates, and if a person doesn’t expect to earn interest in excess of the Personal Tax Allowance, this option may not be best suited. Mr Hatton also urged people to consider the “use it or lose it” £20,000 ISA allowance, which is soon set to expire on April 5, 2023 - so Britons may wish to make use of this before the next tax year starts. The TSB expert highlighted five key tips Britons may wish to consider when thinking about their savings.