Manchester United remain open to possibly bringing Mason Greenwood back into the fold after charges were dropped against him, according to reports. The England international hasn’t played for the club since January last year. However, the 21-year-old could yet be reintegrated into Erik ten Hag’s squad. Greenwood was arrested in January last year, shortly after playing for United in a 1-0 Premier League victory over West Ham. But it emerged last month that charges had been dropped against the forward, with the Red Devils now having a decision to make. United have received offers to loan out Greenwood, with teams from Turkey among those showing interest. And The Athletic say the ‘option of reintroducing Greenwood to the club’s first-team squad as part of a possible phased return to football does remain firmly under consideration’. In a statement last month, United said they were taking their own steps to determine what to do with Greenwood. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players “The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps,” it read. “We will not make any further comment until that process is complete.” Since it emerged Greenwood could play for United again, The Sun have published numerous reports on his situation. It was said he is set to become a father after his partner became pregnant, while there’a also been talk of the striker reaching out to his team-mates. Club sources claim United are not currently in discussions with broadcasters. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes And it’s too premature to say what option they’ll take regarding the 21-year-old and his footballing future. The same publication has previously reported that some members of the United’s women’s team feel ‘deeply uneasy’ about Greenwood potentially returning. Others, however, are described as being ‘more circumspect’. Regardless of what happens, United plan on signing a new striker at the end of the season. Anthony Martial is too injury-prone, while Wout Weghorst is set to return to Burnley having only joined on loan. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Harry Kane is one player United admire, with the Tottenham striker’s deal in north London due to expire next summer. And Victor Osimhen is another, with the Nigeria international bagging 20 goals from 19 Serie A appearances so far this season. Ten Hag has rarely spoken about Greenwood during his time as United boss. But he did say last month: "No. Nothing. I can't add nothing, I refer to the statement of the club." He added: "We are human beings and sometimes there are issues. We are not like robots, but we have to focus on our job. "Sometimes you get issues, then as a club and team you have to deal with it. "We have standards and values and we have to live along those high standards and values, and that gives a base if you have a good culture and spirit." Greenwood has scored 35 goals for United during his career so far. Martial, Marcus Rashford and Bruno Fernandes are the only players in the squad who have managed more.