Molly Rainford, 22, reached the final of Strictly Come Dancing last year with pro partner Carlos Gu and has just finished the live tour. Speaking to Express.co.uk about the BBC show, the CBBC presenter admitted that Strictly was "a lot more intense" than she thought it would be, prior to doing the show. Molly has been keeping busy since finishing Strictly and is currently working with the Nationwide Building Society and The Diana Award campaign for their Positive Post Box initiative. In conversation with Express.co.uk, Molly was asked if she found anything harder than she expected on the hit dancing show. She said: "It’s definitely a lot more intense than I expected. You are training a lot! "But it’s really rewarding and I think that’s why you have so many highs on the show." READ MORE: Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update Molly then admitted that although she saw her "fair share" of dance-offs she didn't let that get in the way of her journey. She continued: "You know, I did have my fair share of dance-offs but I never saw them as a downer on my journey. "I saw them as a bit of motivation to keep enjoying it as you never know when your journey is up! "It was challenging but in the best way possible and if you’re gonna do Strictly you’ve just got to jump in and do it." This comes as Molly is the latest star to be rumoured to be joining the EastEnders cast. According to The Sun, Molly is set to join a long list of Strictly finalists to go on to "bigger things". A source told the publication: "Molly joins a long line of former finalists who've gone on to bigger things than the competitors who've ultimately triumphed. "But anyone who saw her on Strictly could see the entertainment world was her oyster." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [INSIGHT] Will Smith makes first awards speech since Chris Rock Oscars slap [HOLLYWOOD] Saving Private Ryan's Tom Sizemore’s family told 'there's no hope' [LATEST] Molly could play the daughter of Ray Winstone, who has already been reportedly lined up with a role in TV's Albert Square. Ray is rumoured to replace Danny Dyer as the hardman in the BBC soap, leading many to speculate he will become the landlord of the Queen Vic pub. Molly visited Cranbrook Primary school this week alongside Rhys Stephenson to hand deliver children's letters. The Positive Post Box initiative sees children writing anonymous letters to other schools, aiming to tackle bullying by spreading positivity and instilling mutual respect. She said of the campaign: " It’s really exciting to hear kids wanting to be a part of something so positive. "Hearing their suggestions and drawings they are going to send to people is so profound and wise at such a young age. "I naturally feel I am quite a positive person so being able to share that with other young people when I was at school would have been great." Molly also shared her thoughts on the staggering new findings that 8 in 10 (83%) of children at schools have experienced bullying. She said: "It is really upsetting to see 8 out of 10 children have experienced bullying. I really hope these letters will have a positive effect and hopefully bring down those numbers."