Concerns are growing over plans to dump tonnes of laxatives into the sea as a way of combating climate change. Planetary Technologies, a Canadian company, believes that dumping the minerals into the ocean will increase its alkalinity, removing CO2 from the atmosphere. As reported by The Times, over the next few months the company is looking to drop up to 300 tonnes of magnesium hydroxide in its mineral form, brucite, in St Ives Bay, Cornwall. Magnesium hydroxide is better known as the compound Milk of Magnesia, which is used as a laxative. Despite the company's efforts to engage with the community with public meetings in Hayle and Truro, the announcement has divided opinion. Many people have praised the creative effort to combat climate change, but they are concerned about potential negative side effects, reports Cornwall Live.  Sue Sayer, director of the Cornwall Seal Research Trust, said she welcomed companies exploring such approaches but felt further research ought to be carried out first. She said: "My main thoughts are that we need to make sure there are no unintended effects. "My feeling is there isn’t sufficient data on this introduction of the mineral and therefore no release should be done until the data is available. "It’s not me trying to do the nimby thing, St Ives Bay is a really vital bay for the Cornish economy and the environment." Ruth Williams, marine conservation manager at the Cornwall Wildlife Trust, said that while the company’s approach was innovative and she welcomed its engagement with locals, the charity also feels that more research needs to be done to ensure the process does not negatively impact on the environment. Planetary Technologies, based in Nova Scotia, said their approach is called ocean alkalinity enhancement, and uses an alkaline mineral to shift the pH value of the sea. Making the water more alkaline speeds up the natural way oceans lock CO2 away by neutralising dissolved CO2 and turning it into a salt. The method also is understood to help reversing ocean acidification which is a threat to marine wildlife around the world such as coral reefs and other habitats. Peter Chargin, vice president of commercialisation and community relations at the firm said that it felt compelled to act, because the environment is at risk from ocean acidification and climate change, adding: "Cornwall is a great place to do it."