The NHS recommends 150 minutes of moderate-intensity activity a week or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity activity a week. It suggests spreading exercise evenly over four to five days a week, or even every day in order to maintain a healthy lifestyle. But, there are many reasons people struggle to fit in exercise; stuck working late, tired from a poor night’s sleep, or the gloomy winter nights drawing you to the sofa. According to weight loss guru Terri-Ann Nunns, you don’t have to set time aside to exercise. Terri-Ann explained: “There are some really simple changes you can incorporate into your daily routine whilst sitting at your desk at work, or at home going about day-to-day tasks, which can help to increase the amount of calories you burn. “There will be many things that you already do that actually burn more calories than you would ever think - you don’t need to feel guilty about skipping a workout.” 350 calories burnt per day The expert said: “Good news if you struggle to sit still  - you could be doing yourself a favour if you’re trying to burn extra calories. “Fidgeting - tapping your foot, shaking your leg or getting up and down - while watching TV, sitting at your desk or eating dinner burns more calories than you may think because your body is in constant motion, even if you don’t realise it.” READ MORE: Tom Kerridge finding keeping weight off 'difficult' after losing 12st 40 calories burnt for every 15 minutes Terri-Ann revealed: “Laughter truly is the best medicine - even when it comes to weight loss. “Laughing increases your heart rate, meaning you’ll burn more calories - not a lot, but every little helps! If anything, it’s a great excuse to get everyone together for a good laugh.” 200 calories every 40 minutes “This doesn’t mean taking a Zumba or intense aerobics class at the gym - you can burn serious calories just by hitting the town and letting your hair down,” she continued. “Dancing to fast-paced music will really help you shed some calories, so don’t feel ashamed of your moves next time you head out and release your inner Beyoncé.” Don't miss... Asda, Tesco, Aldi and more recall popular products - full list  [NEWS] Comparison and review of The Dyson Airwrap and Shark FlexStyle [BEAUTY] McVitie's digestives compared to supermarket’s own in a taste test  [FOOD] 200 calories with every 15 minutes of squatting “We tend to stand still when we brush our teeth and sit down to dry our hair and apply makeup - but your daily routine is a great opportunity to burn some calories just by moving around a little more,” Terri-Ann said. “Walking around when you’d normally stand still or squatting when you’d usually sit can be an effective way of burning calories without even thinking about it.” 78 calories for every 20 minutes The expert commented: “Children are full of energy and keeping up with them can be difficult - but chasing them around the park, playing games with them and even putting them to bed can help you shed calories and spend more time prioritising parent-child bonding.” READ MORE: Doctor debunks theory breakfast always most important meal of day 102 calories for every 10 minutes “Sometimes, it’s the little things that count - and swapping the lift for the stairs can really have a big difference on how many calories you burn,” Terri-Ann said. “Try running up and down them on occasion to increase your heart rate and get a mini workout in-between meetings or when at home.” 175 calories per hour hoovering, 166 calories per hour dusting, and 157 calories per hour ironing “Housework can often feel more intense than a full body workout - and that’s because you can burn a serious amount of calories just from getting some chores done,” she added. “Cleaning, hoovering and tidying are all physical work and require you to be constantly on the move - similar to if you were working out.” 200 calories every 30 minutes “Walking in heels can be difficult enough as it is, so it’s good to know that there really are some benefits from suffering all day,” Terri-Ann said. “Heels can be a really great way to tone and shape your legs, as they act in a similar way to fitness shoes designed to enhance muscle tone.” 300 calories per ‘session’ “It goes without saying - getting it on with a partner can definitely contribute to burning extra calories,” the weight loss guru remarked. “The longer your heart rate is maintained at a higher than normal ‘resting’ rate, the more calories you’ll burn.” Terri-Anne is the founder of Terri Ann123 Diet Plan.