Paddy McGuinness, 49, and former GB News host Kirsty Gallacher, 47, have reportedly been "leaning on each other" and were spotted together last month at the Ham Yard Hotel in London. After reports that the pals are growing closer, Paddy's estranged wife Christine is said to be finding the prospect of their continuing friendship "tough". Both parties seem to be currently single. Kirsty parted ways with her professional rugby ace husband Paul Sampson in 2015, after 16 years and two sons together. She recently revealed to Closer magazine that while she is "not with anyone in particular" right now, she would be "very open to something". Meanwhile, Paddy and Christine announced their separation in July last year. At the time, it was revealed that the pair would continue to live in the same Cheshire mansion in a bid to co-parent their three young children. READ NOW: Jeremy Clarkson hits back over Diddly Squat farm shop pricing claims  A source claimed, as reported by Closer: "Even though Christine has been in a great place - she's moving on and knows it's through with Paddy - part of her is still getting over the end of her marriage, so hearing about him potentially being in a new relationship was naturally a surprise." The source continued by suggesting that "the idea of Paddy dating a celebrity like Kirsty is also tough for her" as she and Kirsty have "some mutual friends". Another source suggested to OK! magazine that Kirsty has become "a shoulder for Paddy to lean on". The pair have common ground as they have both been through marriage splits. Kirsty presented The Great British Breakfast on GB News, having previously had spells on channels like Sky Sports News, where she began her career 25 years earlier. Her father, Bernard Gallacher, was a professional golfer and she was raised on the Wentworth Estate, counting Bruce Forsyth among their neighbours. Over the years, she has appeared in various TV projects, including the reality show The Games, which she won in 2005 and then co-presented with Jamie Theakston for years afterwards.  Reality shows are something she has in common with Christine who was previously a regular on The Real Housewives of Cheshire. Meanwhile, Kirsty's career in TV has been far-reaching, including stints on Gladiators, Who Wants To Be A Millionaire and Lorraine. In 2015, the year that she split from her husband, she joined Strictly Come Dancing as a contestant, managing to hold on until week six. More recently, she was on GB News, leaving in December 2021 a matter of months after a benign tumour in her inner ear canal caused bouts of aggravating tinnitus. Claiming that working at a TV station and enduring extra-early starts were exacerbating her symptoms, she made the decision to move on. 