Millions of Britons are suffering from the symptoms of arthritis and other joint issues on a daily basis. Depending on the type of condition you have, you could be left with pain, swelling, stiffness and mobility issues. There is no complete cure for arthritis but there are ways to help minimise and ease the side effects. As is the case with many medical conditions, our diet plays a part in how our bodies cope with arthritis. Foods that trigger an inflammatory response should be avoided at all costs, for example. One health body has suggested that drinks are just as important as solid foods when it comes to tackling arthritis. Orthopaedic care providers in the US, Cary Orthopaedics, shared five drinks that could do just that. “Tea is one of the best beverages for arthritis patients due to its many health benefits,” Cary Orthopaedics says. This is because both green and black teas are high in polyphenols, which are anti-inflammatory compounds. In particular, green tea could have the greatest impact due to an active ingredient it contains called epigallocatechin-3-gallate, or EGCG. READ MORE: Five sensations indicative of a 'dangerous' blood clot in the leg - 'get help'  It adds: “EGCG has been shown to have antioxidant activity 100 times stronger than vitamins C and E, helping to preserve cartilage and bone.” It has long been acknowledged that milk can have beneficial effects on bone growth due to its calcium content. Cary Orthopaedics suggests that it can also have positive effects for arthritis patients. “Milk aids in shielding the body against gout attacks and can also prevent the progression of osteoarthritis,” it explains. “Consider your particular health factors when selecting the best type of milk for you; goat’s milk may be more digestible for those with dairy sensitivities, and low-fat milk is a good choice if weight gain is a concern.”  Don't miss... The milk to have for breakfast to reduce blood sugar levels [INFORMER] The four chronic symptoms of cancer you 'shouldn't ignore' [INSIGHT] Three vitamins that could help protect against vision loss - expert [EXPERT] One study, published in Arthritis Care and Research in 2014, found that drinking milk regularly could slow the onset of osteoarthritis in women. The study said: “Our results suggest that frequent milk consumption may be associated with reduced osteoarthritis progression in women.” And a separate 2017 review of 52 clinical studies, published in Critical Reviews in Food Science and Nutrition, found that dairy generally has anti-inflammatory effects - except in people allergic to cow’s milk. Cary Orthopaedics says: “Orange, pineapple, tomato and carrot juices are all brimming with vitamin C, meaning they contain antioxidant properties to fight free radicals that lead to inflammation. “Tart cherry juice has also been shown to help prevent gout flare-ups and reduce osteoarthritis symptoms.” READ MORE: Prioritise 3 types of food in your diet to aid sleep - 71% of Britons not sleeping enough  However, fruit juice can be high in both sugar and calories so it is important to drink in moderation. Some believe that drinking smoothies is preferable to juice, in terms of the health benefits due to the nutrient content. Similar to tea, smoothies can aid arthritis patients due to the antioxidant content. “The best way to give your body antioxidants it needs is to add fruits and veggies that are rich in vibrant colours,” Cary Orthopaedics says. “Adding yoghurt to your smoothie is another way to give your body essential vitamins and helpful probiotics. “Try adding turmeric (an anti-inflammatory super spice), sunflower seeds, coconut milk or coconut oil for an excellent home remedy to treat joint pain.”  Red wine is cited as an aid for tackling arthritis because of a compound called resveratrol, known for its anti-inflammatory properties. One meta-analysis of 32 studies conducted in 2022 and published in the International Journal of Rheumatic Diseases, noted “promising” effects of resveratrol. It concluded: “Due to the promising therapeutic effects of resveratrol on rheumatoid arthritis complications and limited number of human studies in this subject, further clinical trials are suggested.” But Cary Orthopaedics added: “Drinking in excess of one drink a day for women and two a day for men can counteract the benefits and turn your alcoholic drink into a pro-inflammatory. The rule of thumb is always moderation.” 