Public health officials are urging 200,000 residents of a US county to forgo washing their face with tap water after a man died from a brain-eating amoeba. Health officials believe the man might have contracted the infection after he rinsed his sinuses with tap water, but an investigation is ongoing. According to the Florida Department of Health, sinus solutions should be made using only distilled or sterile water. If residents are using tap water, it should be boiled for at least one minute and cooled before sinus rinsing. The health warning has been issued to residents in Charlotte County, where the man died. Dr Mobeen Rathore, an infectious disease expert from the University of Florida, told DailyMail.com that residents in the county, which is located 70 miles from Tampa, should avoid exposing their nose to tap water - including while showering - until "officials give the all clear". The doc added: "Unless it's cleared [by local health authorities] you should avoid any water going into the nose — at least for now. In the shower, avoid getting anything into the nose." READ MORE: 'Brain-eating' amoeba infection kills man who rinsed his nose with tap water “Infection with Naegleria fowleri is rare and can only happen when water contaminated with amoebae enters the body through the nose,” Florida Department of Health spokesman Jae Williams said. “You cannot be infected by drinking tap water.” Naegleria fowleri is a single-celled organism that lives in soil and warm fresh water, such as lakes, rivers and hot springs, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. It can cause a brain infection when water containing the amoeba goes up the nose. DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry eviction just the start as 'new Sheriff in town' [INSIGHTWhat Alex Murdaugh said as he was handed two life sentences [LATEST]Police officer, 32, shot dead in front of kids playing outside [REPORT] It's relatively rare - only about three people in the US get infected each year, but these infections are usually fatal. The Florida Department of Health in Charlotte County confirmed the man's death on Thursday. The agency had previously issued an alert last month, warning residents about the Naegleria fowleri infection. “I can confirm the infection unfortunately resulted in a death, and any additional information on this case is confidential to protect patient privacy,” Williams said. READ MORE: Shocking moment 6ft6, 122kg student beats teacher unconscious for taking Nintendo Switch  According to the public health body, residents in Charlotte County should follow the instructions below: The Department is working with health care facilities to monitor any indications of additional infections. If you experience one or more of a number of symptoms after swimming in warm lakes or rivers, or after a nasal water exposure such as a sinus rinse, you seek medical assistance immediately, it says. Symptoms to watch out for include headache, fever, nausea, disorientation or vomiting. This is not the first time the amoeba has found its way into municipally controlled water. Louisiana has famously suffered multiple issues with the deadly organism found in its water supply. In 2011, two Louisianans died because of contaminated water in the home. Another unnamed child died in 2013. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews