Lisa Faulkner, 51, discussed her famous spouse's big moment as she detailed partnering with Ocado for their Fill Your Freezer campaign. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, the presenter spoke about her husband John Torode's recent MBE ceremony, admitting that the MasterChef star did not believe he would be getting such an award for months. Lisa first met John in 2010 when she appeared on and won Celebrity MasterChef, with the pair forming a romantic relationship years later. He was among the high-profile names who received honours in recent weeks at Buckingham Palace. The star was made an MBE for his services to food and charity after a lengthy career in the industry. John looked suave as he shook hands with Prince William, bringing his daughter from a previous relationship along with him to the event. Lisa, meanwhile, told Express.co.uk that she met up with her husband afterwards for a family celebratory lunch. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson skewers claims he’s been ‘sacked from Millionaire’ However, she admitted John at first doubted if his MBE invite was correct. She revealed: "I don’t think he could believe it. He was thinking, ‘I don't know, maybe I'm not getting it because I haven't seen a letter or anything’. "And he had just been told by his agent, but then he got a letter and was thrilled." Express.co.uk also asked Lisa if she attended the ceremony, with her admitting: "No, I didn't. He went with his daughter. They had the loveliest day and we met them for lunch afterwards. So it was just gorgeous." She continued: "It was just such an achievement and something to be so proud of. "And all the family have been so proud and his Aussie family, the WhatsApp groups we're going mad ‘What did he say? What did Prince William say?’ "So it's just been really lovely and everyone has really celebrated." Lisa has one daugter Billie who she adopted with her ex-husband Chris Coghill, while John has four children from two previous relationships. The couple share a close working relationship also, working together on ITV's John and Lisa's Weekend Kitchen. Lisa went on to share the "joy" she feels when they get to work together on the show. DON'T MISS... Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable [PICS] Will Smith makes first awards speech since Chris Rock Oscars slap [HOLLYWOOD] Aubrey Plaza's stylist defends gown after SAG Awards wardrobe mishap [COMMENT] She admitted: "We then come together to do our show and it's actually such a joy to be with each other. "They let us put everything on the bench and say action, and they let us go, which is great. It’s such a fun show to do." Lisa is currently partnered with Ocado to share her kitchen tips, including her Fill Your Freezer campaign. In this she shares the importance of frozen ingredients in saving time, money and reducing food waste. With this, she also shared exclusive recipes with Ocado to show how easy frozen dinners can be to make. She said about the campaign: "I have come up with five really good freezer tips to help people make use of their freezer. "I always use frozen veg in my meals. I can’t abide food waste. A few freezer hacks can make food go a long way!" Ocado's Fill your Freezer campaign launched last month and runs until March 14, with “5 frozen items for just £10” offer on a range of frozen products, including pizza, vegetables and ice cream, to help everyone make the most out of their freezer this Spring and beyond. You’ll catch Lisa sharing her favourite Ocado finds and recipes on Instagram @OcadoUK. See more of her recipes at www.ocado.com/freezerrecipes