John Bishop launched to fame in the early 2000s with a successful career as a stand-up comic and in-demand actor. Despite being born in Liverpool, the father of three has lived across the country in Chesire and now, West Sussex. After selling his million-pound Georgian mansion in 2019, the comedian made the move down south for a quieter life in the countryside. Four years ago the Bishop family were forced out of their stunning Cheshire mansion by the Government's High-Speed Rail project. The family moved to the dream home, a grade II listed Georgian mansion located on the outskirts of Davenham, in 2011. However, the seven-bedroom property which was built in the 1780s was soon sold to the Department of Transport for £6.8million - £4million more than what John purchased it for. Since then, the comedian and his wife Melanie, along with their three sons have moved to the Sussex countryside. READ MORE: Household staple ‘whitens’ discoloured towels ‘overnight’ While he has not confirmed exactly where in the county the family now live, John revealed some home truths about their southern home in the latest episode of the ITV show, DNA Journey. Speaking candidly about the big move, the comedian revealed that moving to the quaint spot sparked an unlikely friendship with a familiar face, Hugh Bonneville. He said: "I met Hugh when we moved to where we live now, which was you know, towards the South Downs. "Didn't know anybody, and then lockdown came, so wasn't really going to meet anybody. And then I went for a vaccine jab."  Don't miss... Harry and Meghan dismiss Frogmore eviction as simply 'unfortunate' [ANALYSIS] Inside Helen Mirren's multi-million-pound global property portfolio [INSIGHT] The sellers 'most in danger' of their property sales 'collapsing' [REVEAL] Hugh and his wife were volunteering at the vaccine centre in their local town at the time when John appeared at the centre in Midhurst, West Sussex. Unlike John, Hugh has lived in the quaint county on and off since he was 14 years old and now calls the beautiful spot home full-time. Midhurst is an affluent market town nestled in the heart of the South Downs, offering an array of historic architecture, dozens of small shops, restaurants, cosy pubs, and cafes. Though it seems like a remote location, surrounded by greenery, it is just 45 miles south-west of London, with excellent links to the A272. READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again As part of the Chichester District of West Sussex County Council, the peaceful spot is filled with a range of impressive properties. Cottage-style houses with thatched roofs and sash windows can be found throughout Midhurst and nearby Chichester. According to data from Rightmove, detached properties fetched an average of £656,433 in the past year. And with an estimated net worth of £18million, there's no doubt that John's countryside home has plenty of space for his family of five to enjoy. The comedian's Sussex property appears to be surrounded by greenery, as seen in several pictures shared on his Instagram profile. Along with his beloved pet dogs, John and his family keep a horse named Dolly and two pigs named Angus and Milio on their sprawling estate - which boasts uninterrupted views of the countryside. Inside his home, the interior features neutral shades of beige, cream and brown. The cosy living room - where John has posted snaps snuggled on the sofa with one of his pets, features a large brushed suede sofa and patterned rug. A large country-style TV unit can be seen in another part of the property, painted in a light cream colour with family photos on either side of the shelving.