ADHD sufferers feel rejection from loved-ones more intensely, a medical expert has said after Prince Harry was diagnosed with the condition on TV. Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder can lead to unstable relationships and low self-esteem, with the negative symptoms often "magnified" for those in the public eye, therapist Michael Uram told Express.co.uk. The CEO of Uram Family Therapy in Newport Beach, California responded to the Duke of Sussex, 38, being diagnosed during a live Q&A with Dr Gabor Maté, an expert in trauma and childhood development. He said: "Many celebrities are forced to be vulnerable often, which magnifies the Rejection Sensitive Dysphoria (RSD) aspect of ADHD. "When you have RSD, relationships are incredibly important to you, so when family members or a respected friend judge you or another loved one, the intensity of the rejection is magnified." Attention deficit disorder, as it is more commonly known in the US, or attention deficit hyperactive disorder is a neurodevelopmental condition which impacts children and adults.  Dr Maté diagnosed the Duke during a video event to promote his memoir, Spare. The specialist views attention deficit disorder as a "normal response to abnormal stress". "When a kid is in a stressful environment, one way they cope with it is they scatter their attention so that they remove themselves from the stress. I think there's a lot of stress in your life. And I also think you're one of these sensitive kids," he told the Duke. READ MORE: Meghan 'wants' Archie and Lilibet to be 'American through and through' ADD/ADHD is also linked to alcohol or substance abuse as well as "poor mental health", according to the Mayo Clinic. Elsewhere in the interview, Harry opened up about his use of drugs, including cocaine and marijuana.  Dr James Walker, a medical officer with experience in neurodevelopment disorders, told Express.co.uk: "The symptoms of ADHD include difficulty paying attention, hyperactivity and impulsivity. "These symptoms can impact a person's ability to function effectively in various areas of their life, including school, work and social situations. "In some cases, ADHD can also cause emotional and behavioural problems, such as mood swings, anxiety and low self-esteem." He explained that the condition can be treated with "a combination of medication, behavioural therapy, and lifestyle change" that can help reduce impulsivity and hyperactivity. Speaking about those with the condition in the public eye, Dr Walker, who works for UK-based Welzo healthcare, added: "ADHD can impact their ability to perform their duties effectively. "It can also create additional challenges in terms of managing public expectations and pressure." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews