Former Everton director of football Marcel Brands has labelled the £86million fee Manchester United paid for Antony as a ‘madness’. Brands, who is now in a similar role at PSV, believes Barcelona star Raphinha is ‘much better’ than Antony and pointed out that the former Leeds man moved for far less. United boss Erik ten Hag was desperate to bring Antony to Old Trafford after making his own move from Ajax last summer. With the Dutch side holding out for a premium fee, the Red Devils were forced to pay nearly £90m for the Brazilian. Brands - who was Everton’s transfer chief when they signed flops Moise Kean and Jean-Philippe Gbamin for a combined £50m - has compared Antony’s move to United with transfers involving Gabriel Jesus and Raphinha. Jesus and Raphinha were far more reputable players back in the summer but went for smaller fees. “If you compare it with transfers that were realistic, such as that of Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City to Arsenal: that was also around that rate,” the 60-year-old told Dutch show The Friday Move. Don't miss... Casemiro to be handed long suspension in major blow for Man Utd [LATEST] “Those are normal amounts. I think everyone in football knows that Antony was a madness. I think Raphinha is an even better player than Antony, but he left for much less (£57m).” Brands was responsible for a couple of big-money failures during his time as Everton director of football. Kean and Gbamin failed to live up to their hype, although the latter’s tough spell was hindered by some cruel injuries. Fans’ favourites Richarlison and Lucas Digne both arrived under Brands. But his work is generally regarded as being unsuccessful by Everton fans, with him departing in December 2021. Meanwhile, Antony has endured an inconsistent first season in the Premier League. The 22-year-old has been criticised for not being sufficiently involved in matches, despite scoring seven goals across all competitions. Don't miss... Blackburn's mind-blowing reason for rejecting Zinedine Zidane [FLASHBACK] Man Utd players wearing black armbands vs Southampton explained [LATEST] Liverpool told Salah sale is an option after latest 'dreadful' display [REACTION] Two goals in big European matches against Barcelona and Real Betis have shown glimpses of his potential. Ten Hag has insisted that Antony is not only a good player in the Europa League. The Dutchman said: "I don’t think he can only do it in the Europa League because he scored in his first three games in the Premier League. “But in the first half, he could do better to make more actions, be more brave, go more behind, taking players on, more movement, using his speed. The second-half performance was much better, he made a great goal, an important goal." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE