Set in the Wild West in the 19th Century, Django (played by Matthias Schoenaerts) is looking for his daughter. The rest of his family was murdered eight years ago but he believes she may have been able to escape just in time. Django makes its debut on Sky Atlantic on Wednesday, March 1, with a double-bill from 9pm. Django has been haunted by the tragic murder of his family but remains hopeful that his daughter Sarah (Lisa Vicari) is still alive.  New Babylon is a city of outcasts where men and women of all backgrounds and races are welcome with open arms and was founded by Sarah. When she is reunited with her dad, she begs for him to leave, worried he is going to put New Babylon's safety in jeopardy. Actress Lisa Vicari will be recognised for playing Martha Neilsen in the Netflix series Dark. She was also in the lead role of the original Netflix movie Isli & Ossi. Sarah is a grown woman when Django arrives in the city and is engaged to be married to John Ellis. He used to be a slave and Sarah knows if he discovered Django fought for the southern army, John would kill him. Actor Nicholas Pinnock was Aaron Wallace in the American legal drama For Life and Leon in the hit Channel 4-turned Netflix series Top Boy. He has also been in Captain America: The First Avenger, Fortitude, Marcella and Dark Encounter. DON'T MISS...BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges  [REACTION]Aldi launches supersize candle dupes for £325 cheaper than Jo Malone [REVEALED]Sky News' Jacquie Beltrao suffers 'tooth drama' amid holiday alone [CAST] Elizabeth is described as a "powerful" and "merciless" woman who is an enemy of John's. So could she be the danger that Django fears is about to hit New Babylon? Swedish actress Noomi Rapace has been in What Happened to Monday, Sherlock Holmes and Amazon Prime series, Tom Clancy's Jack Ryan, just to list some of her work. She was also in the lead role of Lisbeth Salander in the Swedish adaptation of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Talking to What to Watch about her character's relationship with John, Rapace said: "John and Elizabeth do share secrets and they are linked in a really wonderful way. "They are one and the same. In fact, they’re very much the same which is why there’s such a big clash." Other cast members include: Seymour Ellis - Jyuddah Jaymes Phillip Ellis - Eric Kole Kevin Ellis - Benny Opoku-Arthur Elijah - Tom Austen Jess - Youtuber Abigail Django premieres on Wednesday, March 1, at 9pm on Sky Atlantic.