Red Bull chief Christian Horner is eager to continue to maintain a work-life balance while operating in the furnace of Formula 1. Horner is gearing up for his 20th season as team principal in the pinnacle of motorsport, with lights out at the Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend. The 49-year-old has experienced incredible highs and crushing lows in almost two decades on the paddock, masterminding Red Bull’s journey from a start-up to the team to beat in F1. Red Bull ended eight years of Mercedes dominance in the Constructors' Championship with an utterly dominant 2022 season, as Max Verstappen cruised to his second world title. And the Dutchman is favourite to win a third successive world crown this season, with Horner’s Red Bull crew working tirelessly to re-assert their control at the front of the grid once again in 2023. Horner is completely entrenched in F1 and continues to pursue his passion for the sport with the same vigour and aspiration as when Red Bull made him the youngest team principal on the paddock. DON'T MISS: Hamilton told to boycott F1 as Corbyn signs open letter to FIA boss  But he also understands the importance of being able to switch off from the uniquely intense environment he works in on a daily basis. And he has explained to the Daily Mail that he feels most relaxed with his popstar wife Geri, a member of the Spice Girls, and his children while training their horses in a country home in Oxfordshire. “That’s where I am able to switch off,” he said. “We train them at home rather than send them away. It’s nice for the kids — they can help with the mucking out. It’s just a bit of fun but again it’s competition. The best is Lift Me Up, named after one of Geri’s songs. It’s better than Stop Right Now. Scream If You Want To Go Faster is already registered. “Stop Right Now has won his last three races and has qualified for Cheltenham (in May) — not the big Festival — but if he has two more decent results he will qualify for the Hunter Chase next year.” Lewis Hamilton concerns raised by Ted Kravitz before Bahrain GP  Red Bull car set-up may be hurting Max Verstappen's team-mate Martin Brundle uses Liverpool to explain worrying Mercedes situation  It seems that Horner has accomplished everything in F1 after guiding Red Bull to becoming world champions once again following some barren years after Sebastian Vettel’s dominance. But Horner - a box-office figure in F1 and prominent on the Netflix hit Drive to Survive - has no intentions of kicking back and admiring his work any time soon. “Motivation,” he asserted when asked for what keeps him going. "I’ve never struggled for motivation. I’m a competitive person. What we have achieved the last couple of years is fantastic and now it’s about keeping that going. “Formula One can consume your life if you are not careful. It’s about balance. I’m in the office from 9am until 6.30pm. I have an hour’s commute, so I’m on the phone either side of that. Having a start-up and taking up the best manufacturers in the world is no mean feat so I have plenty to motivate me.”  