 Veteran BBC Breakfast presenter Charlie Stayt was teased by his colleague Nina Warhurst after he did not make the list of the UK's top television presenters of all time. Charlie, 60, told her not to bother reading out the top presenters' names on Thursday's instalment of the news programme after she confirmed he was missing from the list.   As Nina and Charlie were discussing the main headlines in the national newspapers, Nina found an article about the all-time top 10 best television presenters in the UK. Charlie, who was eager to know who made the coveted list, said: "Okay, go on then..." Nina teased: "I just wanted to let you know in case you were holding out any hope, you're not on the list! Okay?" Charlie replied: "Oh. Na, let's not bother then. What sort of list is that?"  READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Nina held on to her baby bump and started laughing as she teased her disgruntled colleague live on-air. Charlie tried to move on with the conversation and suggested the number one spot would have to go to Sir David Attenborough who has been hosting wildlife programmes for eight decades. The veteran broadcaster is 96 years old but he is still making documentaries for the BBC and other channels to educate viewers on nature. Nina confirmed the "national treasure" was at the top of the list as she read out the rest of the names.   Sir Terry Wogan, Sir Bruce Forsyth, Graham Norton, Jon Snow, Cilla Black, Claudia Winkleman, Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly, Les Dawson and Jimmy Carr completed the list. The list was published in the Daily Mail following a poll conducted by readers. Nina noted: "So only two women made the list. "But this made me laugh at the end. It said half of us think the calibre of hosts has fallen in recent years with 51 percent saying it's a dying art."   Don't miss... Charlie Stayt warns Lenny Henry 'you shouldn't say that' on BBC [UPDATE] Charlie Stayt warns BBC co-star 'we don't need to go there'  [LATEST] BBC Breakfast host issues apology after Charlie puts co-star 'on spot' [LATEST] "Well there you go," Charlie remarked as Nina told viewers. "We are doing our best!" "What do they know?" Charlie, who has hosted BBC Breakfast since 2006, concluded. Sir David won the poll with a resounding 28 per cent of the vote. When asked what makes a brilliant presenter, 47 percent of voters said they should come across as genuine.  Claudia, who hosts Strictly Come Dancing and The Traitors on BBC One, was the only living woman to make the list. She will be fronting the two hit shows when they return to screens for their next seasons on dates yet to be confirmed. The 51-year-old also hosts the ultimate celebration of Saturday on Radio 2 every weekend. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One between 6am and 9.15am. 