There’s nothing worse than entering a property only to be hit with the strong scent of pets. While pets are cute and cuddly, they can produce an overwhelming scent which can be caused by their coats, sweat and pet food. Pet smells can be particularly unpleasant for prospective buyers viewing homes they’re interested in buying. Pet bowls, beds, toys, pet-damaged furniture and fur are likely to put off buyers. In fact, research from GetAgent found that 47 percent of respondents are less inclined to buy a property that smells like dog food. When selling your home, taking steps to ensure your home doesn’t smell like your pets is vital in getting that sale. READ MORE: ‘Stubborn’ grease ‘slips off’ of oven glass when using kitchen item With this in mind, GetAgent has revealed the ultimate hack for removing unwanted animal odours from your home. GetAgent recommended using baking powder, also known as bicarbonate of soda, which costs just £1. Bicarbonate of Soda can be bought from The Range for £1. Clean+Natural Bicarbonate Of Soda costs £1.19 from Savers. Colby Short, CEO and co-founder of GetAgent, said: "Baking powder is a great, natural deodoriser. Don't miss... Remove stubborn ‘green stains’ from your fence with kitchen staple [LATEST] ‘Guaranteed’ step to get peace lilies to flower ‘over and over again’ [INSIGHT] £1 ‘miracle’ item to remove ‘stubborn’ stains from walls ‘easily’  [UPDATE] “Sprinkle some onto a soft surface you want to clean, allow it to sit (overnight if you can) and then vacuum it up the next day. “Top tip - you can also use baking powder instead of buying scented litter, if you have cats. “It’s less off-putting to them so will keep your furry friend happy, while diminishing the smell inside your home. “Our furry friends are as much a part of the family as the rest of us, particularly throughout the last few years. READ MORE: 'Never' make your bed as soon as you get up to avoid dust mites Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “Pets have become an absolute lifeline to many of us in terms of companionship, offering opportunities to get out of the house. “That said, not everyone likes to keep pets in the home, and with selling your house a tricky enough process as it is, making sure there’s nothing in your home to put off potential buyers is vitally important for anyone with a pet-friendly home. “Keeping your home free of pet-related clutter and smells, will help you get that sale as quickly as possible, so you can move onto your next dream home.” Baking soda is a great deodoriser because it absorbs smells rather than masking them. The common baking ingredient neutralises acidic odours and other unpleasant smells around the home. Baking soda can even be used as an underarm and foot deodorant and can also be used to deodorise carpets, upholstery and fridges. However, the hack doesn’t last forever and will need to be repeated in order to keep nasty smells at bay. The baking soda will likely last for 30 days and will then need to be replenished or re-sprinkled in the affected area.