With less than a week to go until the final of Winter Love Island, more contestants have reportedly been axed in emotional scenes on the ITV reality show. In a surprise twist last night, it has been claimed two popular islanders were given their marching orders leaving the remaining loved-up couples in tears. Viewers were given just 15 minutes to save their favourite couples meaning everyone was in jeopardy of being voted off. “It’s an unmissable episode as it was so emotional - when they’re this close to the final, it’s hard for islanders to go home," a source explained. “The two people who have been axed will be missed in the villa, a lot. “It’s heart-wrenching for them to miss out on the final week like this but someone has to go home." “Viewers have voted and the islanders were left to pack their bags and exit the villa," they added to The Sun. READ MORE: Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified  The alleged dumping comes just days after two couples were sent home in a never seen before twist. Olivia Hawkins and Maxwell Samuda received the news they were heading home on Tuesday's episode. However, they were then told that they would be choosing two other departees. This meant that they had to make the difficult between couples Claudia Fogarty and Keanan Brand, Rosie Williams and Casey O'Gorman and Tanya Manhenga and Shaq Muhammad.  All three couples also received the fewest number of votes from the public leaving them in this vulnerable situation. After agonising over it, the couple ultimately picked the first pair. All four evictees then appeared on the Sunday instalment of Love Island's spin-off Aftersun where they reflected on their experiences in the Villa with host Maya Jama. Many of this year's contestants have had a tumultuous time in the villa finding a lasting connection.  DON'T MISS: Whoopi Goldberg booed by The View crowd for Donald Trump rant [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity as 'relative' returns [SPOILER]Four In a Bed star 'turned down' show after bosses refused request [EXCLUSIVE] Farmer Will Young and fitness instructor Jessie Wynter remain the favourites to win but even their relationship has been rocky. During movie night Jessie learned of his flirty banter with Layla Al-Momani during Casa Amor. After the footage was shown Young took Wynter to one side to apologise for his behaviour. He then said that he was “leaving the ball in her court” to decide whether to pursue a relationship. In response, Wynter said the revelations had been “frustrating” and left her feeling “numb”. However, she admitted that she “wanted to work through this” and see whether their blossoming romance could be saved. The show was also rocked by a “toxic femininity” scandal last week when Manhenga was accused of “stirring the pot” and reducing male cast members to tears. Express.co.uk has approached ITV for a comment, Love Island airs every night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub.   