Liverpool may soon have the 'World’s Most Valuable Sports Empire' working alongside FSG if Liberty Media end up becoming an investor in the club with the F1 owners worth three times more than Manchester United's Glazer family. The value of football clubs has ballooned in recent years with Chelsea's record £2.5billion sale to Todd Boehly and his consortium setting a new precedent. That appeared to spark interest from both FSG and the Glazers to test the market for Liverpool and United respectively. Both announcements at the end of last year hinted that the clubs were up for sale, but the two Premier League rivals have moved in different directions since. The Glazers appear to have gone through with plans to look for a full sale after receiving huge bids from Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe for a full takeover. For Liverpool, no official bids have been forthcoming and it appears as though they're now leaning toward bringing in new investors. According to the Telegraph, FSG are evaluating the 'suitability of minority partner options'. The hope is that any new investment can help the club ahead of a crucial transfer window where big-money moves for Jude Bellingham and Mason Mount are being tipped.  And US media giant Liberty Media are said to be among the 'contenders' to put their money into the club. Liberty Media arguably hold the biggest sporting empire in the world after taking ownership of F1 back in 2017. They also own Major League Baseball side Atlanta Braves along with radio group SiriusXM. But it's with the acquisition of F1 where Liberty Media appear to have made its fortune. Forbes ranked the US media giants as the 'World’s Most Valuable Sports Empire' for 2023 with sporting assets valued at £17.4bn. That put them way ahead of Kroenke Sports & Entertainment in second on the list, who hold majority ownership of Arsenal.  The Kroenke sports and entertainment company are said to be worth £10.6bn with FSG themselves not far behind in fourth, who hold a reported net worth of £8.7bn. The Glazer family sit eighth on the list, who are said to be worth £6.3bn. If Liberty Media were to buy a stake with Liverpool, it would mean they have two of the most valuable sporting empires in the world to help fund the club both on and off the pitch. It's not clear in the report what kind of stake FSG are willing to sell at Liverpool, although they may also take bids for their own company to help raise funds. FSG sold 10 per cent of their company to private investment firm Redbird in March 2021 which ultimately helped provide the funding needed to develop the Anfield Road stand.