Jeremy Hunt is set to unveil a ‘back to work’ Budget on Wednesday, centred around getting as many people into work as possible. The Chancellor’s plan is expected to remove barriers to people getting into work, in efforts to tackle Britain’s economic activity programme. As a result, claimants of PIP may wish to keep an eye out for what will be announced this coming week. Personal Independence Payment, or PIP as it is commonly known, is designed to assist those with a long-term disability or health condition. PIP can help with extra living costs for those who have difficult doing certain everyday tasks, or getting around. People can get it even if they are working, have savings, or are in receipt of most other benefits. READ MORE: 4 million to save £45 on energy bills in Jeremy Hunt's Budget reform Some people with a disability may also be in receipt of Universal Credit, with an extra payment to support their needs. But what changes are in store for disabled people with the upcoming Budget? It has been confirmed a Health and Disability White Paper will be published on the day of the Budget. Perhaps most pertinently, this white paper will outline plans to scrap the Work Capability Assessment (WCA). Don't miss... Interest rates may rise to 4.75% [LATEST] Mum explains how she boosts income by £800 a month [UPDATE] Woman shares ‘key’ tip that helps her make an extra £3,500 a month [EXCLUSIVE] Under the current system, disabled people are required to have a health assessment and found to be incapable of work to receive additional income support through the benefits system. The assessment involves a questionnaire for people to complete, allowing them to describe the problems they have in carrying out certain activities. Britons also have to go through a health assessment in person, over the phone or on a video call, according to charity Turn2Us. Those who do not attend will find it likely the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will decide they are fit for work. Healthcare professionals who conduct the assessment then send their findings off to the DWP. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares top ISAs today as tax deadline looms However, Mr Hunt plans to ditch this system altogether in hopes of reforming the way support is decided. Scrapping the Work Capability Assessment is seen as the largest reform to the welfare system in a decade. It is hoped such a move will mean disabled people can try to work without fear of losing their benefits. It will also reduce the number of assessments needed to qualify for health-related benefits. Ahead of his Budget statement on Wednesday, Mr Hunt said: “Those who can work, should work because independence is always better than dependence. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Already we’re seeing near record levels of employment in Britain, but we need to go further to build a country that rewards work and gives everyone the chance of a better future. “But for many people, there are barriers preventing them from moving into work – lack of skills, a disability or health condition, or having been out of the jobs market for an extended period of time. “I want this back-to-work Budget to break down these barriers and help people find jobs that are right for them.” Laura Davis, chief executive of the British Association for Supported Employment (BASE), embraced the planned steps to be laid out in the Budget. She said: “BASE welcomes the Government’s announcements, which focus on empowering more disabled people to feel confident in entering or re-entering the labour market. “We’re particularly pleased to hear about the plans to scrap the work capability assessment which will be a great step towards ensuring people can try employment without fear. “We believe everyone who wants to work, can, with the right job and the right support, and should be provided every opportunity to dream big, without fear of being financially worse off.”