British Airways has launched a new premium promotion allowing customers to make a saving on their next flight or holiday. For those hoping to elevate their journey, the British airline is offering up to 30 percent off business class flights in their Club World and Club Europe cabins. The sale includes direct and return flights, along with some luxury package holidays. British Airways' Premium sale has just landed, offering up to 30 percent off flights in its business class cabins, Club World and Club Europe. Customers who book before March 21, 2023, could make a saving on seats across long-haul and short-haul routes spanning a range of dates in 2023 and 2024. The offer spans more than 40 long-haul routes in Club World and more than 50 short-haul destinations in Club Europe. Premium flights span direct and return journeys to the US, Canada, the Middle East, Europe, Asia, and the Caribbean. Express.co.uk searched the sale to find some highlights from the British Airways Premium sale. These include: Prices are subject to demand and dates of travel. British Airways offers Club World cabins on its long-haul global flights and Club Europe on its short-haul and European routes. The experience begins before passengers even step foot on the aircraft, with a dedicated check-in desk at most airports, fast-track security at London Heathrow, London Gatwick and New York JFK, and access to private lounges in certain airports. Passengers are also permitted a generous baggage allowance, including both a cabin bag and laptop or handbag onboard, plus two bags in the hold. The airline's long-haul business class offering features seats which are designed for relaxing, sleeping and even getting up-to-speed with work, with more space and privacy than your typical flight. The spacious seat converts into a fully flat bed, complete with bedding to ensure passengers enjoy a restful sleep while en route to their destination. For added luxury, Club World passengers are given a complimentary amenity kit specially designed by The White Company including cosy socks, an eye mask, ear plugs and toiletries. Expect an elevated dining experience, with passengers offered a menu of starter, main course and dessert dishes to choose from, as well as a welcome beverage and full list of alcoholic and soft drinks while in transit. However, depending on the type of aircraft you fly on, some cabin design elements may vary. Club Europe is British Airways' UK and European elevated option, offering a more spacious seating area compared with standard seats. The cabin is situated at the front of the plane and seats two passengers per row as opposed to three. In Club Europe, a selection of meals from breakfast through to dinner are served, along with a range of hot, cold and alcoholic drinks for no additional cost. As part of its premium sale, British Airways is also offering discounts on package holidays with Club World and Club Europe seats. Holidays include beach holidays and cultured city breaks spanning Europe and beyond for customers who book before March 21, 2023. Express.co.uk searched the sale to find some highlights from the British Airways Premium sale. These include: Prices are subject to demand and dates of travel. British Airways package holidays allow customers to choose between flight and hotel or flight and car, however, transfers and car hire can be added on to flight and hotel deals for an extra cost. Passengers are also permitted a luggage allowance of one 23kg hold bag per person. Holidays can be secured with a deposit of as little as £60 with the option to pay the balance in instalments. In most cases, the deposit amount is not refundable if you decide to cancel your booking. However, some exceptions apply if you have chosen a fully flexible airfare as part of your package. British Airways holidays are ATOL protected and covered by the airline's 'Customer Promise'. This includes a dedicated 24-hour holiday helpline for any issues while you're away, a guaranteed refund if British Airways has to cancel and the option to cancel for a refund if your holiday is impacted by a major travel restriction before departure. British Airways has two main flight hubs in the UK offering domestic and global flights. The airline is based at London Heathrow Airport and operates from its home terminal T5, as well as Terminal 3. From Gatwick Airport, the airline departs from the South Terminal. British Airways also offers flights to the UK and Europe, as well as its Business Class only service to New York, from London City Airport. However, the airline does operate domestic flights to and from its main hubs across a number of UK airports, including: READ NEXT: 