Shoppers have slated a supermarket for introducing a budget range and then raising the prices. This is causing families that have cut back a lot have to tighten purse strings even more to be able to afford them. The criticism comes after Asda hiked the cost of its Just Essentials tea bags, taking the price of a basket of basic groceries in the store to an all-time high at £12.20.    The basket comparison is something that Manchester Evening News has been doing each week since last March, to monitor prices of the same eight essentials at the main six supermarkets. In the basket is coffee, a two-pint bottle of milk, 160 tea bags, a loaf of bread, a pack of chicken breasts, a pack of mince, beans, and button. Last March the bill was less than £10 in every store, but this week’s Asda price shows the cost has shot up by around 22 percent. A year ago Asda was the third cheapest supermarket behind Aldi and Lidl but in recent weeks the retailer has been the most expensive.    Last week the cost of the basket of goods went over £12 for the first time, and this week the price increased further when a pack of 40 tea bags went up from 31p to 35p. Asda shoppers who buy the Just Essentials range say it isn’t fair to keep increasing the prices.One said: "If I had any money to spare then I wouldn't be buying the cheapest of everything there is. “I buy Asda's Just Essentials range because it's cheap and it's all I can afford. I don't know how they expect us to keep paying more for things. It's the most basic stuff, not a luxury." READ MORE: Fury as council will not say if travellers got parking fines  Another said: "We have cut back so much, over the last few months especially. “There really is nothing else we can cut back on. “It isn't fair to introduce a new budget range and then increase the prices when it's all people can afford." Recent research from Which? showed that supermarket own brand and budget ranges have gone up more than premium and branded foods during the cost-of-living crisis. Data from its supermarket food and drink inflation tracker showed price hikes of up to 175 percent on everyday budget and own-brand products.    Don't miss... Scientist warns UK could be hit by 'mega tsunami at any time' [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle ridiculed by SNL as 'Hollywood is laughing at her' [WATCH] US Navy aircraft breaches Iranian airspace as it 'goes off course' [REPORT] The only other increase this week is at Morrisons, which has increased the price of its mince by 20p, from £1.99 to £2.19, in line with all the other supermarkets. This brings its overall bill for the basket to £11.97. The increase at Morrisons means it is no longer the third cheapest supermarket, behind Lidl and Aldi, which retain those positions this week with almost identical respective bills of £11.58 and £11.60. Third cheapest this week is Sainsbury's, followed by Tesco at £11.91. An Asda spokesperson said: "We launched the Just Essentials By Asda range last year to provide customers with the option of getting all of their weekly essentials from the same low-cost brand range in all of our stores nationwide. “We’re working hard to keep prices in check for customers despite global inflationary pressures and we remain the lowest-priced major supermarket – a position recognised by Which? in their regular monthly basket comparison which has named Asda as the cheapest supermarket for a big shop every month for the last three years. "Last week we announced we would be freezing the prices of over 500 popular branded and own label products, more than half of which are fresh meat, dairy, fruit and vegetable products until the end of May." 