Margot Robbie is best known these days for playing Harley Quinn in the DC Studios movies. She has also been nominated for Oscars with her performances in I, Tonya and Bombshell. But it was her astounding good looks that got her noticed in the 2013 movie, The Wolf of Wall Street. Since then, her love life has been a point of interest, and she previously opened up about her sex life, as well. Robbie usually keeps her private life well hidden from prying eyes, but just recently she spoke candidly about the oddest place she has had sex. Fans of Robbie would have seen her in plenty of sordid situations over the years - especially in the aforementioned Leonardo DiCaprio movie, The Wolf of Wall Street. In the dramatic comedy, she played Naomi, the wife of Leo's Jordan Belfort. One of the most notable was when she was seen having sex with Leo on piles of money. But real life is often stranger than fiction, and Robbie told The Sun about the oddest place she has had sex in real life. "On a jet ski," she revealed in 2019. "A non-moving jet ski, but in the water." Robbie would not confirm, however, whether this was with her husband, British filmmaker Tom Ackerley. She first met the director back in 2014 on the set of Suite Francaise, shortly after The Wolf of Wall Street hit cinemas. The celebrity power couple have been married since 2016. While further details were not divulged, Robbie was open about some of the sexual antics she got up to on the set of her many risqué movie scenes. The Australian actress, who is now 32-years-old (but was just 23-years-old during the filming of The Wolf of Wall Street) recalled getting DiCaprio's electric cigarette "stuck in her butt crack" during one love-making scene. She noted how these scenes were some of the "least romantic" to shoot. One scene, in particular, was deemed a disaster after it left her absolutely covered in cuts. The injuries were so wild that the cast and crew were left stunned by how she looked. Don't miss... Margot Robbie found co-star's cigarette 'in butt crack' amid sex scene [INTERVIEW] Margot Robbie's childhood pal crashes red carpet appearance [LATEST] Margot Robbie suffered 'thousands of cuts' during steamy sex scene [NEWS] Robbie told The Daily Beast all about one sex scene with DiCaprio on a pile of money left her back shredded. She said in 2017: "I got a million paper cuts on my back from all that money! It's not as glamorous as it sounds." Explaining how it happened in 2017, she recalled: "Maybe real money is a bit softer, but the fake money is like paper, and when I got up off the bed, I turned around to get my robe and everyone gasped." When the cast and crew saw just how bloody her back was, they became horrified. Robbie remembered: "I said: 'What is it?' And they said: 'You look like you've been whipped a million times. Your back is covered in a thousand red scratches.'" She even offered some advice to anyone who might have been looking to mimic the scene from the Oscar-winning movie. "If anyone is ever planning on having sex on top of a pile of cash," she said. "Don't."