Tyler Perry has flown out a huge choir to Lilibet's christening at Prince Harry and Meghan Markle California home. The American filmmaker, 53, attended the event with the Duchess' mother Doria Ragland and an unnamed godmother. A spokesperson for the Sussexes said: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." Perry also brought 10-person gospel choir from Atlanta to perform at the event, a source has told PEOPLE. The group performed Oh Happy Day and This Little Light of Mine. A gospel choir also appeared at Harry and Meghan's wedding in 2018, singing Stand By Me during the spectacle. JUST IN: Prince Harry and Meghan dealt major blow as request to trademark 'Archetypes' declined Perry was named as Lilibet's godfather shortly after the now 21-month-old was born in Santa Barbara in June 2021. He was spotted flying into the Golden State last week to visit the Sussexes at their Montecito mansion. Perry previously spoke about being Lilibet's godfather during the couple's Netflix docuseries which was released in December. He said: "I take a minute to take that in, and I thought I’d be honoured. I’d absolutely be honoured. READ MORE: Prince Harry trying to rebrand Meghan Markle as 'modern day Mother Theresa' "And I got off the phone, took it all in, then I called them back, I go ‘Ah hold on a second, does this mean we got to go over there and do all of that in the church with them and figure all that out, because I don’t want to do that. "Maybe we can do a little private ceremony here and let that be that and if you have to do it there then it’s okay." Around 20 to 30 people were said to have attended Lilibet's christening. But King Charles, Queen Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton were among the members of the Royal Family to snub an invitation. DON'T MISS: Charles, William and Kate snub invite to Lilibet's christening [LATEST] Harry and Meghan hint daughter Lilibet has been given Princess title [REVEALED] Lilibet Diana christened in private US ceremony, Sussexes announce [SPOTLIGHT] Despite not attending the event, it has been confirmed that both Archie and Lilibet will now be able to use the title of Prince and Princess. Buckingham Palace said the royal website "will now be updated in due course" to reflect the titles. A royal source also confirmed Charles was notified of Meghan and Harry's intention to use the titles for their children, adding: "The appropriate conversations have taken place ahead of today’s news (of Lilibet’s christening)." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews