Rail fares in the UK went up by a historic amount on Sunday, as inflation bears down on the industry in the cost-of-living crisis. While some train seats in the country demand an incredibly high price, for a comparative intercity journey the UK is not the most expensive in Europe. Check Express.co.uk’s map below to see how major rail links stack up across the Continent. On Sunday, train passengers faced the steepest ticket price increase in more than a decade – with regulated rail fares going up by 5.9 percent. Just under half (45 percent) of all fares are regulated, including most season tickets, some off-peak long-distance returns and metropolitan anytime cards. Their price is determined by the Department for Transport (DfT). Annual hikes are most commonly tied to the previous July’s retail inflation measure. In 2022, this was 12.3 percent, but unprecedented Government intervention meant this year’s rise was less than half this figure. Transport Secretary Mark Harper said: “This is a fair balance between the passengers who use our trains and the taxpayers who help pay for them.” Despite this, seats on UK trains are some of the most expensive in Europe. The amount charged for a train ticket depends on a host of factors alongside the route, from time of booking, time of travel and whether you book a return or single. Here, Express.co.uk compares the price per mile of a single journey from European capitals to the country’s second-biggest city. Tickets were selected in the morning for peak commuting times that same evening. For the UK, a trip between London and Birmingham at 5pm the same day costs £29. At a distance of 100 miles apart, this works out to £0.29 per mile. In France, Paris and Marseille on the coast of Provence are separated by 410 miles of track. A ticket costs £82.68, working out to just £0.20 per mile. READ MORE: Game-changing method to get best seat on the train for free Rail fares vary widely across Europe, but are generally rising throughout. State-subsidised services are still reeling from a fall in ridership caused by the pandemic – compared to 2019, the number of rail passengers in the EU was down 37 percent in 2021. Private operators are also increasingly conscious of their environmental impact. Over the past year, a dramatic spike in inflation has also sent operating costs soaring. As of November 2022, fares across the bloc had increased by an average of three percent over the past five years. The most expensive journey in Europe is to be found in Switzerland, travelling from the capital of Bern to the easterly and most populous city in the country, Zurich. The 60-mile alpine journey between them costs just under £48, making the cost per mile £0.79. The cheapest rail link was between the Hungarian capital of Budapest and Debrecen, which worked out at just £0.05 per mile. Don't miss... Three found dead by police searching for five people missing [LATEST] Lavrov sparks hysterical laughter with claim his country is victim  [BREAKING] Sunak’s plan for small boats could be an 'election winner' for Tories [REPORT] Energy Minister sets out plans to make UK world leader in green energy [INSIGHT] Even within a country, not all train journeys are created equal. Returning to the UK – from Paris to London via a same-evening Eurostar, for example – costs a staggering £1.03. However, this a long way from the priciest on offer at home. The Luton DART – connecting the town’s railway station with the airport terminal – is set to open this Friday. The 1.25-mile shuttle service will cost passengers £4.90 each. This equates to £3.92 per mile. For comparison, the £25 charged for the Heathrow Express from Paddington comes to less than half this price per mile, at £1.52. London Kings Cross to Edinburgh Waverly – despite costing a stiff £193.90 – works out at £0.49 per mile, three times less. It is the London Underground, however, that offers the least economical means of rail travel in the UK. Going from Covent Garden to Leicester Square on the Tube’s Piccadilly Line – a distance of just 0.15 miles – now costs £6.70 at any time if paying cash. This prices the trip at just under £45 per mile. The Office of Rail and Road (ORR) is the independent safety and economic regulator for Britain’s railways. It estimates that prices in the UK increased by 20 percent in real terms between 1995 and 2021. The privatisation of the network in 1993 has long been blamed for the rise – with franchising operators lacking competition on their routes and keeping prices high to drive profits. The ageing rail infrastructure – originally laid in Victorian times – also requires much costly maintenance and upgrading. Due to the same pressures faced by rail companies across Europe, the Government claims to have subsidised the industry to the tune of £31billion since the pandemic. Despite Sunday’s hike coming in far lower than it could have been, campaigners and commuters alike are complaining that passengers aren’t getting their money’s worth at a time when reliability hits record lows due to strike action. Between October and December, 4.5 percent of all trains in Britain were cancelled according to the ORR – the highest rate since records began in 2014.