As fans await the release of Outlander’s seventh season, many of them took to Graham McTavish’s Instagram comments with well-wishes and congratulations. The Dougal McKenzie star shared a glimpse into his personal life and revealed he officially tied the knot with Garance Doréfo.  “So I couldn’t resist some more snaps mainly of the woman I’m so proud to call my wife @garancedore. “Plus one of us with the wingmen @paulkavanagh64 and @dougyrao and, of course, our dog Lulu who sadly does not do social media but who DID insist on picking her own outfit.” Graham added: “Huge thanks to the @glencorsepb for a cracking display of the pipes and drums and @gordonnicolsonkiltmakers and @21stcenturykilts for the magnificent kilts.” The star's followers took to his comment section in droves as they shared their excitement for the happy couple. READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation “So I couldn’t resist some more snaps mainly of the woman I’m so proud to call my wife @garancedore. “Plus one of us with the wingmen @paulkavanagh64 and @dougyrao and, of course, our dog Lulu who sadly does not do social media but who DID insist on picking her own outfit.” Graham added: “Huge thanks to the @glencorsepb for a cracking display of the pipes and drums and @gordonnicolsonkiltmakers and @21stcenturykilts for the magnificent kilts.” The star's followers took to his comment section in droves as they shared their excitement for the happy couple.  Outlander star Duncan Lacroix was also in attendance and wrote: "Best wedding ever!! Hoping my dance partner made it out of intensive care.” Viewer @babejmf added: “Congratulations to Graham and his lovely wife. Thanks for sharing this special day! I wish you both many happy years together!" @madgateaux praised: “Congratulations! Love to hear a man talk about his wife like that.” A third fan @my.english.sassenach wrote: “Wow... so happy for you both, may your days be filled with love, laughter and happiness.” DON'T MISS...Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [INSIGHT]Outlander fans fume at Claire and Geillis timeline ‘error’ [REACTION]Young Ian has feelings for his cousin Brianna in Outlander [INSIGHT]   Elsewhere on Instagram, Garance also shared photos from the special day and gave her followers a glimpse of the preparation process. In the lengthy caption, she wrote: “I got married in January! It’s almost impossible to describe this day of wonder, family, friendship and love. “Thank you @grahammctavish for creating this world of possibilities and magic, and thank you for being my husband." The author added: “Thank you @hmerrick for making this wonderful dress, and for taking such great care of me all throughout the day. And thank you @vogueweddings for sharing this moment. Photos by the fantastic Yann @lifestorieswedding.”  Outlander seasons 1-6 are available on Starz in the US and on Lionsgate+ in the UK. Season 7 is released in the summer of 2023. 