RTL commentator Heiko Wasser has bizarrely taken aim at Sky Sports' F1 coverage, describing it like someone 'having sex' with a loved one and being 'really bad in bed'. The German holds concerns over the sport's future in his homeland after live coverage was hit hard this season. RTL showed just four Grands Prix live on free-to-air TV in Germany last season. However, they don't have the rights to broadcast any in 2023 in a blow to fans across the country. That hasn't gone down well with Wasser, who told Bild: "Looking at Formula 1 on Sky is like having to watch a great love having sex with her new one. And then he's really bad in bed." His comments irked Sky Germany pundit Ralf Schumacher, who labelled them 'embarrassing' on Instagram. In response, Wasser admitted his remarks weren't 'diplomatic' but insisted they come from the heart because he fears the future of F1 in Germany. JUST IN: Kravitz offers Bottas an apology for 'stupid and insensitive' comments  "I fear that Formula 1 will be dead in Germany in three years. This is my private opinion. I spontaneously expressed my feelings with it," Wasser explained. "That might have been a bit flippant, but anyone who knows me and what Formula 1 means to me will perhaps understand that it really hurts." He also stressed that his frustration was aimed at any particular member of Sky's F1 team, but it is rather 'related to the whole of Sky Formula 1'. Wasser added: "It hurts to watch. The sex is so-so. There's a nice saying: 'Only dogs that have been hit will howl'. Ralf has my phone number and is welcome to call me at any time." DON'T MISS Toto Wolff responds to Lewis Hamilton outburst after qualifyingMax Verstappen reacts to beating Fernando Alonso and Lewis HamiltonF1 qualifying results - Verstappen on pole, Alonso 5th, Hamilton 7th Sky Sports will cover all 23 race weekends throughout the 2023 season, continuing their dominance of F1 coverage. They started broadcasting the sport in 2012 on their pay-to-view channels and have since become its leading provider. Sky's latest deal reportedly cost £1billion, helping secure exclusive rights from 2019 onwards. And F1's meteoric rise in popularity in recent years is bound to have only helped strengthen their grip on the sport's coverage. Want the latest news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here