PIP supports people who live with an illness or health condition that affects their mobility or daily life. The benefit is increasing by 10 percent along with many other benefits with the new tax year. PIP payments consist of a daily living element and a mobility part, with a lower and higher rate for each part. The current weekly payments are: Daily living part Mobility part READ MORE: Inheritance tax warning as 'risk' Jeremy Hunt may target IHT in Budget - what you can do With the 10.1 percent uprating, the new weekly payments will be: Daily living part Mobility part Don't miss... British Gas offers energy debt grants to all eligible Britons [ENERGY DEBT] Warning as Jeremy Hunt may target inheritance tax in Budget [INHERITANCE TAX] Millions on Universal Credit can get cheaper broadband deals [UNIVERSAL CREDIT] More than a third of PIP claimants at the end of October 2022 received the highest level of award, with the higher rate for both the daily living element and mobility element, which is the equivalent of £627.60 a month. When a person applies for PIP, they are assessed to establish how their condition affects them and what level of support they need. The person must have been affected in their daily living or mobility for at least three months by the condition and expect this to continue for at least another nine months. PIP is being replaced by the Adult Disability Payment in Scotland, which will be administered by Social Security Scotland. The new benefit will have the same qualifying criteria and payments. There are hundreds of qualifying conditions that could entitle a person to receive PIP. These are the main categories that qualify for PIP, along with the current number of claimants: Other benefits increasing by 10.1 percent next month include Universal Credit and Pension Credit. The state pension is also increasing by 10.1 percent with the full basic state pension increasing from £141.85 a week to £156.20 a week while the full new state pension is going up from £185.15 a week to £203.85 a week. The payments boost is important for Britons on low incomes as many household bills are increasing from April. The cap set by the energy price guarantee is increasing from April with bills for a typical household in England, Scotland and Wales, to go up from £2,500 a year to £3,000 a year. For the latest money news, follow us on Twitter at @Expressmoney_.