Vying for first place at the top of the tree are slavery and colonialism. In this litany, we British are regularly categorised as having been the worse, if for no other reason than that we assembled, governed and then liberated the biggest and most populous empire the world has ever seen. A glance at history and proven fact might assist.  Slavery has been a scourge that has existed right across the world since recorded history began. The ancient Chinese practised it, the Greeks, whom scholarship idolises for its philosophers and thinkers could not have existed without it, and Rome was built on it. It was practised in Africa long before our first traders berthed on the other side of the continent in west Africa. The British were last in and first out. We abolished slavery in 1808, more than 50 years before America (and they only after a blood-soaked civil war) and risked war with the trading world by sending the Royal Navy into the Atlantic to intercept slave ships and free their cargoes. Yet to listen to the wokists you would think the British were the greatest slavers who ever walked. In historically proven fact, we were not even in the tenth division of prosperity-based slavery nations. As to colonialism – no defence. The British established colonies from Guyana across to Hong Kong, from arctic Canada south to Cape Town. We governed almost every ethnic group on the planet.  At the end, we gave them all national independence as sovereign states. There are two short questions that might help understanding. What did we find when we arrived and what did we leave behind when we left? The idea we found gentle, peaceful paradises is complete poppycock. In most places, our pioneers found wilderness uninhabited by humans or very basic tribal societies and a low level of development. We left behind functioning nations with ports, roads, hospitals, schools, universities, railways, cities, plantations, mines, economies, legal systems and governments. And 52 of them became the Commonwealth which exists to this day. It is fair to say – if that is allowed nowadays, which it’s probably not – that the British were the greatest builders the world has ever seen. But the wokists want to strip down every plaque, statue and memorial to all of this. I have travelled widely through countries of the old Empire and modern Commonwealth and never met the stupid distortion of history as is to be found right here in Britain today. If they don’t hate us, why should we hate ourselves?  Ukraine watchers are facing a quandary. That awful war is now just over a year old and has been dubbed a “war of attrition”. Such wars usually grind on and on, from bloodbath to bloodbath until one side can take no more and gives up. Like the First World War. In 1918, Germany capitulated. With more than a million dead, we were close to that ourselves. But in Ukraine, this is the two-version quandary. Since Putin’s intended short-term blitzkrieg crashed last summer, the slaughter has rumbled on. Watchers believe Putin’s army may be the first to roll over. His soldiers are now the scrapings of the barrel, equipment often rusted and generals useless. There is another factor entering calculations. Will Russia’s economy collapse first? The portents grow that this could happen and with bewildering speed. Either way, we must not be shy about investing in our own armed forces. More than ever, we need a strong, adaptable military to protect us from the uncertainties of the age.  For the umpteenth time, our government declares it is going to cope with the tidal wave of immigration that sweeps daily across the English Channel in small boats. We are not talking of those genuinely and provably fleeing death, hunger, disease or tyranny – we have always shown compassion to them, but they are now in the minority. The majority are fit young men looking for an easy life as gangsters or layabouts. Actually, there has always been an answer – frustrated by the army of human rights lawyers. Pluck them out of the sea or off the beaches. Run them to RAF Brize Norton and usher them into a hospital plane. Fly them back to their native country for screening and health clearance while their applications and appeals are processed by our snail-imitating civil service. Sue? Of course, they could – from there. And the trade would soon dry up as the traffickers’ income sources changed their minds. As for those who deliberately destroyed their ID documents proving country of origin, Rwanda here they come. A dodged resistance continues in the outermost boroughs of those which make up Greater London against their inclusion in the Ultra Low Emission Zone concocted by our capital’s ultra-Left mayor Sadiq Khan. ULEZ penalises drivers whose vehicles emit a bit more than a sewing machine. Basically, it is just another way of generating income for London by fining people. Many of those penalised will be the worst off, old and frail who need a little runabout in order not to be housebound. There is another aspect to this that ought to interest the Chamber of Commerce. Visitors from the Home Counties go to London to buy and spend. That enriches London. The Chamber of Commerce is supposed to stand up for merchants and tradespeople. If it does not oppose Sadiq Khan, is it truly doing that?  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea There can be no one who from the start doubted the truth of what we were being told during the Covid pandemic that today is not utterly vindicated. The revelations in the private messages passing inside the Establishment, hoarded by Matt Hancock and now released by journalist Isabel Oakeshott, finally prove what I among a few others suspected at the time. We were deceived and betrayed on a daily basis. “Follow the science” was a lie since the real science about Covid-19 was minimal and knowledge about it was almost non-existent. The SAGE Committee were simply inventing the science out of thin air and demonising those, often far better and more experienced scientists, who dared contradict them. Reputations of fine people were trashed for daring to speak out, even when they knew what SAGE was proclaiming was complete rubbish. At the top of the pyramid of stupidity and mendacity was the Government presided over by Boris Johnson.  It bewilders me that a portion of the votership in the country and then of the Tory party continues to support this bungling fool simply because he is affable and a joker. What was done to our country by his regime was no joke. But there is another puzzle here – there always is. We British have never been docile or obedient. Our instinct and tradition are to defy dictatorship – as we have done down the centuries and most notably in 1940. Back then, we were told Adolf Hitler, his army and air force, were incomparably stronger and resistance was futile. We would be invaded, conquered and reduced to slaves. We fought back; it was tough but we survived. Of course, our leader and example was the old bulldog Churchill. But this time we collapsed without a murmur, did what we were told and have been ruined. Why? Where have our guts gone? Are we not an utterly changed people from my childhood? 