Bruno Fernandes is reportedly facing a snub by Manchester United when they decide their next permanent captain as his antics in Sunday's collapse against Liverpool 'irritated' his team-mates. Concerns over the Portuguese midfielder's credentials as Harry Maguire's successor are said to have peaked at Anfield. Fernandes has garnered heavy criticism for his performance in the 7-0 drubbing, United's joint-worst defeat in their history. According to the Mail, reservations about Fernandes' suitability to replace Maguire as captain pre-dated the nightmare trip to Merseyside. Maguire, who has spent most of this season on the bench, is expected to leave United this summer, and the 28-year-old has served as his deputy. However, the report claims his tendency to whinge and perform theatricals are not seen as how a United captain should behave. It's said that many figures at the club, including players, grew irritated by his antics against Liverpool. JUST IN: Man Utd's Bruno Fernandes reacts to claims he 'asked to be subbed' Fernandes dropped to the ground clutching his face under a tackle from Ibrahima Konate, but replays showed that the Frenchman's trailing left hand caught him in the chest. He later came under fire for pushing linesman Adam Nunn, but referee Andy Madley didn't deem it worthy of punishment. The report adds that his decision to head for the tunnel without thanking United's travelling fans has been a particular grievance. Raphael Varane shouted at the visitors who were trudging off the pitch with their tails between their legs to go and acknowledge the supporter who lasted the entire match. And he is said to be one of three preferred candidates to replace Maguire as captain should the England international depart this summer. Don't miss... Arsenal 'to be investigated by FA' over celebrations vs Bournemouth [LATEST] Man Utd stars' faces say it all as they arrive at training  [LATEST] Man City's first summer move may have leaked as Bruno hails Guardiola [LATEST] He is joined by David de Gea and Casemiro, reportedly believed to be better suited to the role than Fernandes. That said, Casemiro's language barrier is feared to be an issue that could take him out of the running, while De Gea is out of contract in July. United's selection process for the club's new captain isn't expected to be down to fan popularity but rather who would be capable of leading a dressing room that has made progress this season. And reservations over whether Fernandes has that ability in him moving forward are starting to creep in ahead of another crucial period in Erik ten Hag's first campaign at Old Trafford. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here