Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's latest statement on the Coronation suggested they weren't directly invited by King Charles, a royal commentator noted. Journalist Jack Royston did not put the spotlight on the fact the monarch invited the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to the upcoming ceremony but, rather, on the answer provided by the California-based royals. Appearing on ITV's Good Morning Britain, Mr Royston said when asked if he was surprised to learn the Sussexes had been invited to the Coronation: "It's the right thing for the reputation of the monarchy. "If you are going to look back in 20, 30-year time, the monarchy always has to present itself as being above the cycle of drama, above the soap opera, and too good for revenge, basically. "So I am not actually surprised they got the invite, but I think it's quite interesting the comment that came from Meghan and Harry's office, that they were invited by the King's office, so Charles didn't ring Harry and told him I want you there." A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess said over the weekend: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation." Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The representative of Meghan and Harry added the pair would not immediately disclose whether they will attend the event or not. The Duke, Mr Royston added, is unlikely to get the apology he asked for in various interviews over the past few months. The Newsweek's chief royal correspondent said: "I think they are supposed to apologise for not having issued a public statement calling on the media to go easy on Meghan, I think that's probably what's at the centre of Harry's case. "It's never going to happen, they are not going to get that apology, and in fact I would imagine certain members of the Royal Family think they are owed an apology the other way." READ MORE: The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview In one of the interviews released by Harry in recent months, the Duke of Sussex told the Royal Family earlier this year to "come clean". Interviewed by the Telegraph's Bryony Gordon, Harry said: "Because you know what you did, and I now know why you did it. And you’ve been caught out, so just come clean and then we could all move on." Mr Royston's remarks come as the relationship between the Duke and his father is believed to be fractured. In the wake of the release of Harry's memoir Spare, which included private family details as well as criticism levelled at Queen Camilla, His Majesty and Prince William, King Charles was understood to be "deeply hurt". Don't miss... Americans react to Rebel Wilson's comments about Meghan Markle [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [PICS] Nevertheless, neither Buckingham Palace nor the King issued a statement in response to the allegations made by the Duke of Sussex. Privately, however, the monarch made a move seen by some commentators as vindictive. Shortly after the global release of the best-selling book, Charles asked his second son and daughter-in-law to vacate their home in Windsor, Frogmore Cottage. This decision is believed to be part of an overhaul of the royal spending and of the streamlining of the monarchy.