The "little black dress" - LBD - is a popular fashion trend loved by women all over the world and the Royal Family is no exception. Both Kate, Princess of Wales and Meghan Markle rocked the look on different occasions. On November 22, 2016, Kate looked extraordinary in a Preen black dress. It boasted thick straps, an asymmetrical neckline and fell just below the knee. The skirt also had large pleats which gave the dress some dimension and movement. Kate cinched in her tiny waist with a bold statement belt which looked to be made out of leather. READ MORE: Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Complete with a diamond-encrusted round clasp, it added a touch of glamour to the ensemble. It also broke up the black-on-black and highlighted the then Duchess' fabulous figure. As for shoes, the royal opted for suede black pumps with a pointed toe and high heel. Accessorise wise, Kate went for a bare neck to allow the asymmetric neckline to do the talking. However, she did wear an elegant pair of diamond drop earrings which complemented her belt. Her makeup was classic Kate, a sweep of blush, pink shimmer lipstick and a bold cat-eye complete with silver eyeshadow. She wore her long hair straight and in a half-up, half-down 'do. But Kate is not the only royal who has been spotted in a glam black dress. In 2015, before her royal days, Meghan Markle wore a very similar gown when she attended the Step It Up For Gender Equality Celebration. READ MORE: Camilla shares the 'menopausal' colour she avoids when getting dressed  Meghan's dress was slightly off the shoulder and boasted a plunge neckline. It also had half-length sleeves and a full, ballerina-style floaty skirt which fell into pleats. Like Kate's dress, Meghan's was nipped in at the waist, accentuating her stunning figure. However, unlike Kate she did go sans belt. Meghan went for different accessories to Kate, opting for black strappy sandals with open toes and some chic black nail polish. For a pop of colour she carried a navy clutch bag in one hand complete with touches of gold. Meghan also went bare-neck and let the fabulous cut of the bodice make a statement. She did, however, opt for gold rings on both hands and dainty gold climber earrings. She wore her hair swept up out of her face in a bun, showcasing her amazing bone structure. Makeup was a glam look, with bright pink lipstick, a sweep of blush, dark eyes and fluttery lashes.