The 2023 Formula One season begins this week, and one of the talking points of the new year is the addition of a third race in the United States. F1 will return to Las Vegas for the first time since 1982, with the Las Vegas Grand Prix promising to be a show-stopper. Here’s everything you need to know about the new glitziest race on the calendar. The Las Vegas Grand Prix will take place on Saturday 18th November 2023, the penultimate race of the season. Unlike most Grand Prix, the race will take place on a Saturday night at 10pm local time. This is to cater for the late-night Las Vegas crowd and early risers over in Europe, who will have to get up on Sunday morning to catch the start of the race. In early 2022 Formula One announced it had reached an agreement to host three Las Vegas Grand Prix, one per season, between 2023 and 2025. However, that agreement is expected to be extended to at least 10 years. MUST READ: Lando Norris reacts as F1 star told to 'sign Red Bull contract now' after Horner comments  The 6.12km, 14-turn street circuit will wind its way past several iconic city centre locations including Caesar’s Palace, the Bellagio and the Venetian. The famous Las Vegas strip will be fully closed to public traffic for the race, with average speeds around the track set to be comparable to Formula 1’s original Temple of Speed – Italy’s Autodromo Nazionale Monza. The paddock is a sacred place for drivers and teams to mill about and relax between sessions and before the race. There is unlikely to be much relaxation in Vegas though, as the pits and paddock will be where the VIPs and other lucky guests will be looking for selfies, autographs and get a glimpse of the drivers close up. F1 bought a 39-acre site for over half a billion dollars, with the massive area set to be designed in the shape of the iconic F1 logo and be a permanent part of the city's skyline. DON'T MISSLando Norris wades in on F1 Drive to Survive debateLando Norris issues warning to This Morning hostLando Norris says he's 'happy to break' FIA rules in angry blast  If you haven’t already got a ticket, then unfortunately you’re too late. The event is fully sold out, and those lucky enough to snag tickets paid a premium to do so. The most economic ticket for all three days of the Las Vegas Grand Prix started at £440, which gave standing room in general admission. The same ticket with a grandstand seat cost £1,750, or £2,100 for the best seat in the house. A four-day ticket in the Skybox shared hospitality has a price tag of £9,000. If you have pockets bigger than Lawrence Stroll, then you might be looking at the Emperor package. That will knock you back just over £4million (or $5m) but there are some incredible features. You will get five nights at the luxurious Nobu Sky Villa at Nobu Hotel Caesars Palace - which boasts a three-bedroom villa and a terrace for you and 74 of your mates to look down on the Vegas strip. If you would prefer to watch from ground level the package also includes 12 Paddock Club tickets (find out more about that further down!) and access to the private entertainment club at the hotel. If that isn't enough for you then you get a Rolls Royce with its own private driver for the stay and the choice to go watch Adele. There are also £830,000 and £733,000 packages available if your bank balance is a bit lower. These off similar experiences in the Paddock Club but at other hotels. The Formula One officially launched the Las Vegas Grand Prix back in November, a full year before race day. Star drivers Lewis Hamilton, George Russell, Sergio Perez and Alex Albon were all present, running cars up and down Las Vegas Boulevard and showcasing their skills. Hamilton performed doughnuts for the crowd, although a near-crash left him a little red-faced. The crowds enjoyed F1 Esports simulators, photo opportunities with the cars and drivers, the F1 Pit Stop Challenge and a spectacular drown show above Caesars Palace. Most incredibly, Red Bull drove a car through the floor of a casino - which hopefully gave us a taste of the madness in store for us for the race weekend. For those not short of a bit of cash, the Paddock Club is the pinnacle of F1 hospitality. Guests can enjoy seats directly above the team garages, all-day premium food and drink, access to the paddock, daily pit lane walks, podium ceremony access and F1 driver appearances. Paddock Club tickets are not currently available for the Las Vegas Grand Prix, but for the Miami Grand Prix in May, prices start at around £9,000 per ticket.