Arsenal star Reiss Nelson was already focusing on how the Gunners could improve following his 98th-minute winner against Bournemouth. The win sent Mikel Arteta’s men five points clear at the top of the Premier League table and the Englishman’s comments suggest that the club’s players are prepared to do whatever it takes to lift the trophy come May. Arsenal looked to be in severe trouble at home to relegation strugglers Bournemouth with the Cherries taking a two-goal lead through strikes from Philip Billing and Marcos Senesi. However, the Gunners launched a sensational comeback with goals from unlikely trio Thomas Partey, Ben White and Nelson salvaging the three points. The Englishman has not started any game in the Premier League this season but has still made a number of important contributions. He has scored three times and contributed two assists in just 85 minutes of league action as he helps his side to maintain their position at the top of the table. Nelson did not want to dwell on his goal after the game, instead quickly turning his attention to what he and his team mates could do better in a move that speaks volumes about the club’s Premier League ambitions. “We are going to keep going, game-by-game, day-by-day,” he told reporters after the game. “We will watch the game back, see all the things we did wrong and put that right.” JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans Arteta was keen to praise Nelson for his goal after the game as he explained his emotions when the ball hit the net. However, he also echoed the 23-year-old’s thoughts as he downplayed the impact of the result in the long-term. "I'm incredibly happy. It was just mad. Those feelings of happiness and joy," he said. "It was a really special way and it took until the last second to earn it. I am really proud of them [players]. They never gave up. There is nothing like sharing those great moments with your people. I'm so happy for him [Nelson]. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears "It's just another game, another three points. To win three games in a week [Leicester, Everton, Bournemouth] is very important. We want to stay there [at the top] for as long as possible. There are still a lot of games to play but that’s the beauty of it." Arsenal face another busy week with their next Premier League clash against Fulham on Sunday following their Europa League round of 16 tie with Sporting Lisbon in midweek.