Chelsea boss Graham Potter has shot himself in the foot with two omissions from his newly-registered Champions League squad ahead of Tuesday night's last 16 clash with Borussia Dortmund. The Blues are looking to overturn a 1-0 deficit following the first meeting between the two sides in Germany three weeks ago and given Chelsea's recent struggle for goals, they are facing an uphill battle to wrestle back the tie despite the home advantage. Chelsea picked up their first win in seven matches on Saturday when they ran out 1-0 victors over Javi Gracia's Leeds at Stamford Bridge courtesy of Wesley Fofana's second-half goal. It wasn't pretty but the result was the perfect confidence boost heading into tonight's fiery encounter, which could seemingly define Chelsea's season and furthermore, Potter's tenure. But the Chelsea head coach will have to do things the hard way with Thiago Silva sidelined through injury and Benoit Badiashile ineligible after he was left out of the club's Champions League squad by Potter. Enzo Fernandez, Joao Felix and Mykhaylo Mudryk were all registered by the Blues while Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang was left out of the fold, signalling that his time at Chelsea could already be coming to an end. READ MORE: Micah Richards claims Man Utd 'played with 10 men' against Liverpool due to 'lazy' starlet Now there is a sense that both Badiashile and Aubameyang would have been needed tonight, as Chelsea chase a clean sheet and multiple goals. January signing Badiashile has brought a new-found balance to Chelsea's backline as he is left-footed and loves to pass the ball into midfield. His qualities have really complimented both Thiago Silva since they were paired together and now the Brazilian is injured, the young Frenchman has become even more integral for Potter. Nonetheless, the former Brighton tactician was clearly keen to prioritise his attack over his defence when reassembling his Champions League squad, even though Aubameyang was cast aside. DON'T MISSRaphael Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful actions after Liverpool collapseLiverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumesGraeme Souness confronts Man Utd icon Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark It's clear Aubameyang's relationship with Potter has soured in recent weeks as things have taken a downward spiral ever since he was subbed on and subbed off against Manchester City in January. His exclusion from the club's Champions League squad was also another bitter pill to swallow, as it is likely to be perceived that Potter has made him surplus to requirements for the rest of the season. That decision has been scrutinised in some circles with Chelsea struggling for goals and whether you're a fan of Aubameyang or not - he certainly knows how to put the ball into the back of the net. The issue Potter had is that somebody had to drop out of the squad and with Felix and Mudryk coming in, he felt there was enough justification to exclude the Gabon frontman. Aubameyang was pictured in high spirits on the training ground on Monday ahead of the clash with Dortmund despite knowing he would not be involved on Tuesday at Stamford Bridge. There have been calls to restore him into Potter's side in recent weeks with Kai Havertz, Joao Felix and Raheem Sterling all struggling for form but the Chelsea boss has stuck to his guns and the trio are expected to get the nod to face Dortmund. Potter is also facing a difficult decision over his formation having successfully switched to 3-4-3 for the visit of Leeds but with no Badiashile, there is a decision to make at the back. Trevoh Chalobah is expected to come in for Badiashile with Fofana switching to the middle and Koulibaly switching to the left - either way, the absence of Badiashile is certainly going to be felt.