Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group were sent a clear message when a plane carrying a banner reading "FSG out" was flown over Anfield before their match against Manchester United. The majority of Liverpool fans have been happy with FSG's ownership, particularly during Klopp's tenure with the club winning every major trophy in club football.  It was just last year when the Reds came within two wins of claiming an unprecedented quadruple, but there has been growing frustrations this campaign around the club. Darwin Nunez came in as Sadio Mane's replacement last summer while Cody Gakpo has begun to find his feet since joining in January. But a lack of investment in the midfield area has led to some anger from a small section of Liverpool supporters. And a plane flying over Anfield before Liverpool's match against United kicked off showed disdain for the Reds owners. It read: "FSG out, Klopp in - enough is enough." It was announced in November last year that FSG were seeking new investment in the club with a potential sale also being considered.  But John Henry confirmed just a few weeks ago that FSG were not planning to sell their majority stake in the club. "Yes. I know there has been a lot of conversation and quotes about LFC, but I keep to the facts: we merely formalised an ongoing process," he said. "Will we be in England forever? No. Are we selling LFC? No. Are talking with investors about LFC? Yes. Will something happen there? I believe so, but it won't be a sale. Have we sold anything in the past 20+ years?"  Stephen Pagliuca, who was unsuccessful with a bid to buy Chelsea last year, has hinted that he would be interested in making an investment with FSG. “I looked at Liverpool about 15 years ago when they had that situation," he said. "I can’t talk specifically about any transactions we are working on because of confidentiality agreements but obviously we are aware of those transactions. The questions on those transactions in general is what price level do we think is sustainable? "Obviously the Chelsea process which received a record price has probably motivated folks to try and monetise clubs that they have owned for a long time, and we are certainly in a period where values have been driven up. Anyone who buys a club has to assess the economic opportunity, how much money we have to put in to keep up the quality and what that will cost you. That is what we do in everything we are looking at.” 