No matter how good a pillowcase is, sooner or later households are going to find yellow stains on their pillows. However careful Britons are about their personal hygiene, sweat, and sometimes saliva will inevitably end up soaking through onto the pillow. When seeing a pillow covered in yellow stains households may be tempted to ditch them and buy new ones, but that doesn’t have to be the only option. In search of advice for cleaning her pillows, Katherine Tefler took to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips on Facebook. She said: “How do you get yellow stained pillows white again?” Rather than using harsh chemicals to whiten pillows, group members suggested using a dishwasher tablet. Frankie Christine said: “Use a dishwasher tablet in your washing machine. I swear by this.” Eileen Wyatt wrote: “I done my other half's grubby pillows yesterday, 40 wash with a dishwasher tablet. Like brand new now.” READ MORE: I used baking soda to remove stubborn stains from my oven racks Lisa Coleman said: “Dishwasher tablets are an essential when washing any of my whites. It’ll whiten your yellowed pillows instantly. You’ll be amazed at how good it works.” Angie Richards commented: “Using a dishwasher tablet works for me. Brings them back to white.” Deb Roy wrote: “Absolutely a dishwasher tablet in the drum. Game changer, you need to try it.” Marie Jones replied: “I used a dishwasher tablet, put it in the drum with the pillow and the rest of my white wash, amazing. DON'T MISS‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [INSIGHT]Gardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [TIPS]Five houseplants to ’never’ give tap water to - ‘damages’ them [EXPERT] “I have always used soda crystals in my white wash, just wanted to give dishwasher tablets a try, either are amazing. Victoria Seward said: “I bought the Asda smart price ones, just plain white powder ones, deffo does the trick, depending on how bad your whites will probably take a few washes, but definitely works. “My son’s pillow was stained yellow, popped on in the machine in my whites’ load and the stains are gone. My whites are definitely better with it.” For those who own a dishwasher, they may already have some of these tablets in their home. However, for those who don’t they are cheap to purchase from local supermarkets. READ MORE: Get rid of ‘thick’ kettle limescale with 29p kitchen essential A pack of 30 dishwasher tablets can be picked up from Asda for £1.34, which works out as 4p per tablet or wash cycle. They are also sold in Sainsbury’s for £3 and in Tesco for £4 for a pack of 40. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested baking soda will help remove yellow stains and whiten pillows. Beth Kirkwood wrote: “I think baking soda would be good to use on yellowed pillows as it works great on laundry.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Tatiana Moffat suggested: “Try bicarbonate of soda. Add it to the washing machine and hang outside to dry.” Ailleen Coleburn said: “Add the pillow to the wash with your normal detergent then add a cup of baking soda. I use it for all my whites.” Baking soda is effective as it helps to draw out stains and odours and essentially traps them. For stronger cleaning power households can also add white vinegar to their wash with baking soda, the white vinegar should go in the washing machine drawer and the baking soda should be added to the drum.