Russian tennis star Daniil Medvedev has blamed 'fluffy balls' for causing injuries amongst his fellow competitors and the problems could persist for the next five years. The 27-year-old suffered a straight sets defeat against American Sebastian Korda in the Australian Open third round and has a theory why he was in pain before their match. Medvedev has blamed the Dunlop balls used at Melbourne Park for his discomfort. Despite his concerns Tennis Australia has renewed their partnership with the manufacturer for another five years. "The balls are like apples,' said Medvedev after his first round match at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships. "'They are so, so big. You're kind of playing like padel. "I want to talk a little bit more about it because in Australia, I felt like these balls were not good for hard courts. Before the match with (Sebastian) Korda I had a very big pain in my wrist, but I thought, 'okay, that's my problem, so I'm not going to talk much about it'. READ MORE: Andy Murray losing Qatar Open final to Daniil Medvedev has repercussions for Rafael Nadal   It was only after other players revealed their own injury problems to Medvedev after the Australian Open that his theory about the Dunlop balls emerged. He added: "In Rotterdam doubles players came to me and started talking about balls and started talking that everyone has problems with their elbow, wrist, from doubles players, they think it's because of the balls. I'm like, 'wow, so I'm not the only one'. "Now I see (Holger) Rune, (Stefanos) Tsitsipas, who else, Korda, all wrist, elbow, shoulder. So I think that these balls are not good for hard courts. They get very fluffy and it's a big shock to play them with your racquet. I think this should be reconsidered because I feel like if I don't do enough job on my wrist every day it's going to be very painful."  In response to the claims by Medvedev a Tennis Australia spokesman told the Daily Mail: "'Dunlop has a long history of producing high-quality tennis balls with consistency, durability and little variance. Dunlop is the most-used ball on the international tennis tour. "Player satisfaction is vital and we will continue to gather feedback from the playing group and ensure it is factored in to the design, manufacturing and testing process." Medvedev is next in action against Alexander Bublik at the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships on Wednesday afternoon. 