On Tuesday’s instalment of This Morning, hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby welcomed Sarah Merker, who had recently completed a decade-long mission, onto the show. The guest had made it her task to visit each National Trust location in the UK in a bid to find the best scone.  Explaining what started her 10-year mission, Sarah revealed she wanted to get her money’s worth after joining the National Trust with her late husband Pete. She started a blog speaking about each site she went to along with giving a rating out of five for each scone she had at the café there. Admitting her husband was slightly bemused at the project when she initially started, he went along with it. The guest explained after he died in 2018, she wanted to make her last stop on her National Trust tour somewhere they had been together which was Giant's Causeway. READ MORE:1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton snubs Michael in first post since ‘split’   However, when the two hosts first introduced the segment, Holly said: “I can hear people screaming, ‘say scone!’.” Phillip turned to their guest as he commented: “After 10 years of research you still wouldn't have sorted this out?” Agreeing, their guest replied: “Oh no, you can never get to the bottom of the scone conundrum right? It’ll run on forever, there’s so much contention around scones.” It looked as though the ITV presenters were right as many viewers quickly flocked to Twitter to share their strong thoughts on the pronunciation along with the order that the jam and cream should go on.   Heylaurahey_ said: “Is this a joke ?? They got a scone expert on the show and she says SCON?!?” Darceybun13 commented: “You don’t say ston for stone! the e softens the n. Say scone!!!” MissAliciaWhite fumed: “I’m sorry but it’s SCONE it’s not spelt SGONE is it?!!!” Fuzzybeepants added: “This segment is making me want to scream already and it's 10:02 It's Scone not scon."  Don't miss... Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified [LATEST] Sally Nugent 'very proud' over BBC Breakfast achievement [LATEST] Channel 4 viewers heartbroken at ‘powerful’ George Michael documentary [LATEST]  JackRTompkins tweeted: “I simply cannot trust the scone expert who cuts it straight down the middle !!!! #ThisMorning @thismorning." Alfrikr_ said: “Scoan ..WRONG, WRONG! It’s a Scone as in gone!” Speaking to Sarah, she explained the best scones are fresh before explaining the next thing to look out for is the fluffiness of the food. Phillip commented: “It’s no secret to the fact that I grew up in Cornwall and so there is a very specific way to eat it.    “It has to be jam on first then cream on top, if it’s not it’s plain wrong and I don’t care what anybody says.” Phillip stated the other way, which would be the cream first and then the jam, is known as the Devon way. Giving an explanation on the divisive method, Sarah commented: “It's actually a logistical thing, Devon cream is thicker, so, therefore, it forms more like a butter when you put it on the scone. “That’s why in Devon they put cream first.” This Morning continues weekdays on ITV from 12:30pm  