This boost could be provided via the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) for those claiming Universal Credit. Universal Credit provides low-income Britons with monthly payments to help make ends meet, which can greatly vary depending on their circumstances. As the cost of living crisis continues, this extra cash could be vital for families on low income feeling the squeeze. Universal Credit mainly takes into account one’s expenses and income to decide the rate they will receive. To claim, Britons must meet all of the below criteria: Meeting these specific requirements and sticking to one’s claimant commitments could see Britons receiving over £6,000 every year. READ MORE: State pensioners urged to claim £3,500 retirement boost - are you eligible? Claimants living with their partners will need to make a joint claim for the entire household regardless of whether their partner is eligible. This means that the amount claimants receive is also impacted by their partner’s income and savings. If only one person in a household has reached the state pension age they must still claim Universal Credit as a couple although the claim will stop when both parties reach the state pension age. EU, EEA or Swiss citizens staying in the UK may need settled or pre-settled status under the EU Settlement Scheme to get Universal Credit. Don't miss...Britons warned of ‘household habit’ adding hundreds to energy bills [INSIGHT]Yorkshire Building Society launches new ISA savings accounts [LATEST]Women over 50 risk losing out on over £50,000 in retirement [WARNING] The monthly standard allowance for single people under 25 is currently £265.31, and £334.91 for single people aged 25 and over. If a person lives with their partner and they are both under 25, the monthly allowance is £416.45 for them both. Couples living together where one or both are 25 or over could be entitled to £525.72 per month at present. Claimants can get extra amounts depending on their situation. READ MORE: Pensioner DWP benefit payments will increase from April Having children will increase the amount claimants receive. The rate of which depends on circumstances such as when the child or children were born. An additional amount is added for any disabled or severely disabled child regardless of when they were born or how many other children one has. Some may get more on top of their standard allowance if they are eligible. However, people should be aware their earnings could impact their payments. For more information, people can visit the Government website. Millions of households on low incomes can also receive cost-of-living support worth up to £1,350. The new £900 cash support for over eight million eligible means-tested benefits claimants, including people on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credits, starts in the spring and will go directly to bank accounts in three payments, the DWP said. The £900 payment will be made up of three slightly different amounts, relating to specific qualifying periods, making it simpler to determine if someone has received the correct payments, the department added. There will also be a separate £150 payment for more than six million people with disabilities and £300 for over eight million pensioners on top of their Winter Fuel Payments.