Adam (played by Samuel Roberston) has been in the background recently after longing to start a family of his own with his wife Sarah (Tina O'Brien). However, official Coronation Street spoilers reveal Adam will have more to worry about as Damon Hay (Ciarán Griffiths) returns to Weatherfield and asks for his legal help. Damon first stormed into Weatherfield last year when he claimed he wanted to reunite with his son Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan). However, his true intentions were soon revealed when he forced Nick Tilsley (Ben Price) to be a front for his drug business. What Nick didn't know was the loan he had taken from Harvey Gaskell (Will Mellor) was actually Damon's money and he could take control of The Bistro. His drug game soon impacted Jacob's life when Damon forced him to get a job at The Bistro to ensure the drugs would be handled properly and not get caught. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail However, Jacob soon stood up to his father and admitted he no longer would be involved in his crimes, leaving him to walk away from Weatherfield and his girlfriend Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvany). In February, Damon was soon arrested for dealing drugs after being set up by Nick, which could soon have devastating consequences for the restaurant owner. In upcoming scenes, Adam confides in Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne) and Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) about how he’s worried about his business. In the solicitors, Dee-Dee Bailey (Channique Sterling-Brown) is horrified to find Damon in the office sitting opposite and chatting to Adam. Dee-Dee reveals it has been Damon who’s been making Nick's life a misery. She soon orders him to sling his hook out of anger at his brazen attitude and Adam for allowing him into their office. Trying to explain why he was there, Adam suggests they should take Damon on as a client as he’s in need of legal representation and he’s loaded. Dee-Dee’s appalled at the idea leaving the co-workers to clash. Don't miss... The Conners viewers 'switch off' as Whoopi Goldberg guest stars [LATEST] Death in Paradise boss pays tribute to 'amazing actor' Kris Marshall [WATCH] 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [INSIGHT] Is Adam about to get his law firm into more trouble if he deals with the likes of Damon? Will Adam come clean to Dee-Dee about his worries for the office or will he try and take on the challenge himself? Dee-Dee had been on a date with Damon prior to his arrest, so could his bad boy charms win her round once again? Coronation Street writer Iain MacLeod recently opened up on Damon's return and admitted the drama is far from over. He told Digital Spy and other press: "As the year goes on, Damon has a magnetic attraction for a notable high-profile female character. "[She] ends up having her head turned. That has far-reaching consequences. "We're currently working on June storylines. There's a build-up and a colossal explosion in that story, involving Damon and this love story that will be on air then." Is Adam about to lose his firm and his wife at the hands of Damon? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.