Chelsea are expected to oversee a mass exodus this summer to gain control of an oversized squad. Liverpool and Manchester City could profit as Blues co-owner Todd Boehly prepares for crunch contract negotiations with 15 first-team stars to discover who is committed to his project. Graham Potter currently has to manage a 32-man squad at Stamford Bridge, which has likely contributed to his rough patch of results. Chelsea have won just three of their last 16 games and look set to miss out on Champions League football next season. The summer transfer window will present a prime opportunity to rebuild, with many players reportedly growing disgruntled at their statuses. And Boehly is said to be planning to solve one of Potter's primary issues by commencing a brutal cull. According to the Telegraph, any player Potter wants to keep who is unwilling to commit to a new contract worth at least three years will be placed in the shop window. The report claims Boehly will prioritise those squad members with less than two-and-a-half years remaining on their current deals in west London. JUST IN: Billionaire NBA and McLaren chief 'eyeing Everton takeover'  It could lead to several high-profile players becoming available to snipe at the end of the season, with 15 fitting the criteria. Most interest is currently circulating around Cobham graduate Mason Mount, who is out of contract at Stamford Bridge next summer. A cluster of clubs is reportedly interested in the 24-year-old midfielder, including Liverpool and Man City. And if his demands to become one of Chelsea's highest earners on a new deal aren't met, he could depart as early as the end of the season. City are also linked with interest in Mateo Kovacic, also under contract until 2024. DON'T MISS Boehly gives three-word response as Chelsea win eases Potter pressureThree Chelsea players may save Potter from sack after narrow Leeds winMan Utd boss Erik ten Hag can prove Pep Guardiola right vs Liverpool It's said that the Croatia international's head could be turned by the prospect of staying in the Champions League at a club almost guaranteed to challenge for silverware. Boehly's priority for talks could be N'Golo Kante, who is out of contract this summer but happy at Chelsea, despite his recent injury woes. Thiago Silva, Cesar Azpilicueta, Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Christian Pulisic, and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang are among the 2024 expiries he will look to speak with. Contracted until 2025, Kepa Arrizabalaga, Edouard Mendy, Ben Chilwell, Lewis Hall, Conor Gallagher, Hakim Ziyech, and Kai Havertz will also be in Boehly's thinking. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here