Tottenham chiefs are reportedly admirers of Leicester City boss Brendan Rodgers. Spurs could be searching for a new manager this summer and the Northern Irishman's name has been thrown into the mix. Current Tottenham boss Antonio Conte is out of contract at the end of the season. The Italian has been unable to end the club's trophy drought and has been linked with a return to his home country. If Conte were to leave, Mauricio Pochettino would be the strong favourite to replace him. The Argentine would be keen on a return to the club he managed between 2014 and 2019. However, he wouldn't be the only candidate under consideration. TalkSPORT claims Rodgers is admired by the Spurs hierarchy. Tottenham chiefs believe Rodgers' style of football would appease the Spurs fans. Conte has come under plenty of criticism for his approach to matches, especially Wednesday's Champions League clash with AC Milan.  Read more... Europa League LIVE: Arsenal team news vs Sporting ahead of Man Utd [BLOG] Spurs played out a dour 0-0 draw at home, rarely threatening the Milan goal, to exit the competition 1-0 on aggregate. Conte was not willing to discuss his future afterwards but there is a growing sense he could be on his way in the summer. Rodgers may not be an appointment that would immediately go down well with Tottenham supporters. After an eighth-placed finish last term, his Leicester side have struggled this season. The Foxes sit 15th in the table, just two points above the relegation zone. They also crashed out of the FA Cup to Championship side Blackburn last month. Leicester's only win in their last five matches was coincidentally against Spurs. Rodgers saw his team dispatch the north Londoners 4-1 at the King Power Stadium.  Don't miss... Tottenham boss Conte told deadline to make decision over future [QUOTES] Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement [TRANSFERS] Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'picks favourite between' Kane and Osimhen [REPORT] Rodgers is one of the longest-serving managers in the Premier League. He was appointed Leicester boss in 2019 after leaving Scottish giants Celtic. He was linked with the Arsenal job after an impressive start in the Midlands. Rodgers revealed he rejected offers to leave Leicester at the time, with the Gunners thought to be one of them. But now he is under big pressure for his own position ahead of a potential relegation fight. His previous spell in the Premier League was at Liverpool between 2012 and 2015, where he almost ended the club's wait for a top-flight title. He also had a year in the top flight in charge of Swansea for the 2011/12 campaign.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here