The afflicted guests and staff were on a cruise in the Caribbean which docked in Texas. According to the investigation results from the US based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), just under 10 percent of passengers fell ill with the gastrointestinal illness. The report states that the main symptoms of the illness were vomiting and diarrhoea and 34 crew members also fell ill. The cruise, onboard the Ruby Princess, began on February 26 and finished on March 5 in Texas. According to the report, Princess Cruises increased cleaning and disinfection procedures following the outbreak. The team also informed the guests of the outbreak and warned the next passengers to embark. READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about ‘miserable’ excursion A Princess Cruises spokesperson said: “Onboard the February 26 sailing of Ruby Princess, there were a number of cases of mild gastrointestinal illness among passengers, the cause likely is the common but contagious virus called Norovirus. "At the first sign of an increase in the numbers of passengers reporting to the medical centre with gastrointestinal illness, we immediately initiated additional enhanced sanitisation procedures to interrupt the person-to-person spread of this virus. Our sanitation programme has been developed in coordination with the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and includes such measures as thorough disinfection of high-touch surfaces like railings, door handles and elevator buttons; encouraging passengers to use correct hand washing procedures and enhancing this with the use of hand sanitising stations placed throughout the ship; isolating ill passengers in cabins until non-contagious; encouraging passengers to use their own cabin’s bathroom facilities; and providing regular verbal and written communication to passengers about steps they can take to stay well while onboard. "As an additional precaution, the ship underwent an additional disinfection on March 4 in Galveston ahead of its next departure. The ship is now on a seven-day western Caribbean cruise, returning to Galveston on March 12.” The Ruby Princess outbreak is thought to be the fourth outbreak of a gastrointestinal illness on a cruise this year. Don't miss... Flight attendant shares ultimate tip to get 'royalty' treatment [INSIDER] Cheapest destination for a summer holiday named [CHEAPEST] The world’s most peaceful holiday destination is ‘vibrant and clean' [INSPIRATION] Cruise tourists can be particularly vulnerable to gastrointestinal illnesses as they often spend time in close quarters. Many cruise ships also suffered Covid outbreaks during the early days of the pandemic in 2020. A voyage on the Ruby Princess, from Sydney in 2020. is thought to have had the deadliest outbreak leaving 28 people dead. The CDC said on its website: “Travelling on cruise ships exposes people to new environments and high volumes of people, including other travellers. READ MORE: British tourist says it’s no surprise Spain doesn’t want Brits “This exposure can create the risk for illness from contaminated food, or water or more commonly, through person-to-person contact.” Passengers could catch an illness at one of the ports and easily spread it to other guests onboard. Many ships have antibacterial gel stations which passengers are encouraged to use regularly. There are a few tips passengers can follow to lower their risk of catching an illness on a cruise.