WARNING: This article contains spoilers from An Echo in the Bone and possible future Outlander spoilers Lallybroch has been a key part of Outlander season one as the home and estate originally belonging to Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan). Tragically, due to circumstances outside of his control, Jamie lost his claim as a laird of the estate Broch Tuarach. In Outlander, Lallybroch belonged to Jamie’s parents Ellen MacKenzie and Brian Fraser (Andrew Whipp) before passing to him when his older brother Willie died aged 11. Broch Tuarach was situated between Fraser and MacKenzie lands and in Gaelic translated to “north-facing tower” and nicknamed the “lazy tower” by the villagers. In Outlander, Lallybroch was built in 1702, which Claire Fraser (Caitríona Balfe) described as a three-story manor when she first visited it. Although Lallybroch is fictional and only exists in Outlander, the filming location exists which stood in for the manor. Midhope Castle is located on a private area of the Estate near Abercorn with the exterior used for filming on seasons one and two of the Starz hit drama. READ MORE: Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose Sadly, it’s not a tourist attraction but a working farm with residents living on the estate. But there are plenty of other Outlander locations fans can visit with locations dotted all around Scotland. The Outlander TV series has shifted to the new world with the show only visiting Scotland in flashbacks in season six. However, the seventh novel An Echo in the Bone sees the action heading back to Scotland with the Frasers making a return to Jamie’s ancestral home. READ MORE: Young Ian has feelings for his cousin Brianna in Outlander At the same time, Brianna (Sophie Skelton) and Roger MacKenzie (Richard Rankin) are living in Lallybroch in the 1980s after they return to the future. Depending on whether the writers follow the books closely, viewers could see Lallybroch both in the 1980s and the 1700s with Jamie and Claire also paying a visit. Interestingly, writer Diana Gabaldon had never been to Scotland when she first wrote Outlander and said there was no physical basis for Lallybroch. Nonetheless, the American author subsequently visited Scotland and the UK, finding places very similar to the ones she’d written about in her books. READ MORE: Outlander fans are curious about Percy Beauchamp's link to Claire For instance, the stone circle the Clava Cairns was very similar to Craigh na Dun, where Claire first disappeared through time in season one. Gabaldon has said she wouldn’t have been surprised if a leaning tower like Lallybroch existed somewhere in Scotland or nearby. For now, the TV series continues to be set in the Carolinas but it is expected the action will again return to Scotland before long. Although the action may have moved to America, the show is very much ensconced in Scotland with the sweeping countryside standing in for the Carolinas. Don't miss... Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [VIEWER REACTION] Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [UPDATE] Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [INSIGHT] Filming on season seven of Outlander recently wrapped with the show now another step closer to hitting screens with the episodes now going through post-production. Posting on Instagram, Balfe told her 1.9million followers: “And a whole year later …. What an epic season it has been. “Our cast and crew have worked so hard and given their all. “I can’t wait for everyone to see the fruits of our labour. And now for some well earned rest @outlander_starz.” Balfe also shared a shot with co-star Heughan as they held a clapperboard which reads: “That’s a wrap.” Season seven will feature legendary Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor performing the opening theme The Skye Boat Song. Outlander season 7 will air later this year and seasons 1 to 6 are streaming on Lionsgate+ now