RuPaul fans, don't f*** it up: this is your chance to grab tickets to the biggest drag show in the world. RuPaul's Drag Race is hitting the UK and Ireland with a brand new show, built from the ground up with entertainment in mind, at the end of the year. Titled: Werq the World, Drag Mother RuPaul will be hitting the likes of London's O2 Arena and Birmingham's Utilita Arena to show off the latest and greatest in drag showmanship. The all-new production has been brought together by RuPaul in collaboration with Cuffe and Taylor and Live Nation. Ben Hatton, Cuffe and Taylor's director of theatre touring, said: "These shows will be exciting, cheeky, outrageous and hugely entertaining – everything you’d expect from the worldwide phenomenon that is RuPaul’s Drag Race. We are very excited to be presenting the full tour across the UK and Ireland and look forward to seeing these fabulous queens sashay into packed arenas for 12 nights of fun." These 12 nights will be spanning the length and breadth of the UK across the month of October 2023. Tickets go on general sale later this week, but presale tickets go on sale as soon as tomorrow. Here's all the information you need to secure yours before every other queen in the country. RuPaul's Drag Race: Werq the World is holding no fewer than FOUR presale events across the next week. The first presale event comes from Voss Events. This batch of tickets will be released tomorrow, Tuesday, March 7, 2023, at 10am. They will be available from Ticketmaster, but you can only gain access to this Voss Events presale by signing up to the Voss website early. By clicking this link and signing up for presale access, fans will be able to gain access to the Voss Events presale tickets tomorrow, Tuesday, March 7, 2023, at 10am. Live Nation will be holding their own presale event in the days that follow on Thursday, March 9, 2023, at 10am. These tickets will, naturally, be available on the Live Nation website, and nowhere else. The only way to gain access to this presale event is by registering for Live Nation presale events by clicking this link here. After that, fans will be able to purchase their tickets HERE when tickets go on sale from Thursday, March 9, 2023, at 10am. Ticketmaster will also be holding their own presale event, and this also kicks off on Thursday, March 9, 2023, at 10am. The Ticketmaster presale event works similarly to that of the Live Nation event. Fans will need to sign up for the official Ticketmaster website and newsletter to register interest in RuPaul's events. Then, after receiving a presale code, they will be able to grab tickets before anyone else from Thursday, March 9, 2023, at 10am. You can sign up to the website here before registering interest. The fourth and final presale event is being held by Cuffe and Taylor, and also kicks off on Thursday, March 9, 2023, at 10am. Cuffe and Taylor were involved in bringing the RuPaul's Drag Race: Werq the World event to the stage, so they likely have a great batch of tickets available for purchase. The only way to gain access to these tickets, however, is by signing up to the official Cuffe and Taylor website. After that, fans will either be sent a code or gain access to tickets through a portal to get them. If fans miss out on the various presale events, there is still one final chance to get tickets during the general onsale release. General onsale tickets for RuPaul's Drag Race: Werq the World come out on Friday, March 10, 2023, at 10am. These tickets are available at a number of ticket retailers. First of all, the tickets will be available at Ticketmaster, who is holding its own presale event earlier in the week. Tickets can be purchased here once they go on sale. RuPaul tickets will also be available from Live Nation here, who also held their own presale event earlier this week. General onsale tickets will only be available for purchase from Friday, March 10, 2023, at 10am, however. RuPaul fans are advised to work out their ticket-purchasing strategy well in advance, however. To do this, it is recommended to sign up to your ticket-selling website of choice well in advance of the RuPaul ticket's release time. Then, you should input your credit card details - if possible - early, so you can have a swift and smooth checkout experience. Once you are in the digital queue for tickets it is imperative that you do NOT refresh your screen or move away from the webpage, otherwise you may lose your spot in the queue and - with it - your chance of getting tickets to the RuPaul's Drag Race: Werq the World tour. RuPaul's Drag Race: Werq the World will "sashay into arenas" for 12 massive shows featuring a number of excellent drag queens from RuPaul's Drag Race history. Not only that, but UK fans will experience a batch of wonderful drag artists from the USA version of the show - some of which are coming for the first time. Season 12's winner, Jaida Essence Hall, will be hitting stages across Blighty, alongside the season ten winner Aquaria. They aren't the only features in the tour, however; Rosé, Angeria, Bosco, Daya Betty, Kandy Muse and Ginger Minj will be joining the 12-tour event that will show off the drag queens "trapped in the Netwerq" where fans will need to "free your mind and prepare to be wowed at the world's largest drag production".