So many of our great war movies are simply about how people handle themselves in extreme situations, demonstrating qualities of stoicism and courage. But government-backed counter-terrorism programme Prevent finds something sinister in a good deal of some of our best-loved British dramas including The Dam Busters, The Great Escape, The Bridge On The River Kwai and Zulu. Prevent claims such movies are red-flags indicating potential Right-wing terrorists, but it feeds into a general liberal view of such classics as somehow being war-mongering and old-fashioned, catering to an outdated view of British history based on patriotism and pride in past military feats. Aside from the fact former Charity Commission chairman William Shawcross highlighted in his recent critical review of Prevent that the organisation spent too much time focusing on the tiny threat of Right-wing extremism in the UK rather than the very real danger posed by radical Islam, it is indicative of how Left-leaning woke culture has swept through many institutions – seeking to find something amiss in almost every aspect of our history. Zulu is a very good example of a war film that gives equal respect to the courage and terrible losses experienced by both sides.  Who can forget the scene when a lone Zulu warrior sings a song to the beleaguered, exhausted British soldiers after a night of relentless assaults? One red-coat thinks it heralds another attack but is told the lament is a salute to the bravery of the defenders before the frustrated warriors finally depart. It is an intensely moving moment and a good testimony to the humanity of the film.  Many Left-wingers who know little about history would view Zulu as promoting a British colonial misadventure, but the reality is that the Zulu nation in southern Africa was an expansive, conquering army of superb efficiency that dominated and terrified their neighbours, both black and white. At first, underestimating the abilities of the Zulu army, the British suffered a terrible massacre at Isandlwana in January 1879 when their column was overwhelmed by 20,000 Zulus. Just hours later, a branch of this victorious army numbering 4,000 warriors descended on a detachment of the 24th Regiment of Foot, just some 150 men. Hastily fortifying a missionary station at Rorke’s Drift they held off numerous assaults by the Zulus during one terrifying night. This is the story told in Zulu – a stirring record of survival against overwhelming odds. Eleven Victoria Cross medals were awarded to the defenders. The lusty singing of Men of Harlech by the many Welsh defenders may well have been invented for the movie but it nevertheless underlines the role of defiance in a very tricky situation – and this is a good life lesson in how courage can overcome the odds. Such films are brilliant works of art that portray past events in such a way as to celebrate masculine virtues as well as commemorate the huge physical cost of battle. All these qualities, including ingenuity, are also showcased in The Dam Busters, The Great Escape and The Bridge On The River Kwai. As I wrote in the introduction to my Fifty Great War Films, published to accompany an Imperial War Museum exhibition, these movies are “the war memorials of today”.  For cockney-accented Sir Michael Caine – 90-years-old next week – Zulu was his first major film role, playing surprisingly an upper-class officer, but he can be rightly proud of his contribution to a classic piece of filmmaking that has stood the test of time. And he is right to pour scorn on the ludicrous ranking of Zulu as far-Right propaganda. Still, the Prevent list of supposedly dubious works shows Caine is in good company as it includes the Complete Works of Shakespeare. Why we should not be proud of this English cultural achievement is baffling. Yes, Minister is also listed. Presumably, because the classic comedy pokes fun at the government and a group of like-minded pen-pushers at Prevent could hardly be expected to endorse that. Not only do they not like flag-waving but they also disapprove of anything that shows them as the out-of-touch, overly sensitive, wrong-headed bureaucrats they are. 