Kate Middleton, 41, became extremely popular when she joined the Royal Family by pairing high-end fashion pieces with more accessible high-street brands. Although the Princess of Wales is occasionally spotted wearing the high-street brand Zara, there are not many other occasions where she has worn high-street brands recently. Back when she was the Duchess of Cambridge, Kate would frequently don dresses, blouses and jeans from the popular high-street brand Topshop. The brand went into administration in late 2020, however, it was purchased by ASOS in February 2021, meaning its clothes and accessories can still be purchased by royal fans. But the last time Kate was seen donning clothes from Topshop was in November 2017, which ironically was the month Prince Harry and Meghan Markle became engaged. Royal biographer Tom Bower told Dan Wootton on GB News: “Ever since Meghan hit the scene, Kate has had to revise her game. READ MORE: Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests "She could no longer be the docile middle-class shrinking violet. She had to appear good, she had to dress much better, have better makeup, and perform better.” It is likely, therefore, that the Princess of Wales began dressing differently to appeal to a wider base in order to retain her popularity. The last time Kate wore Topshop was when she visited the Hornsey Road Children’s Centre in London in 2017. Kate wore her cream Goat "Redgrave coat" which she paired with her black and white Topshop "contrast collar dress", which unfortunately is no longer in stock.  Proving her thrifty nature, the Princess had worn this dress four years earlier to the Child Bereavement UK headquarters in 2013. One of the most popular times the Princess donned something from Topshop happened in that same year. In April 2013, Princes Harry, William and Kate officially opened the Warner Brothers Studios in Watford. Kate, who was pregnant at the time, wore a cream and black polka dot skater dress from Topshop. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home  This dress was only £38, which is a bargain for the Princess of Wales. Kate's appearance in the dress at the Harry Potter-themed studios triggered the outfit to sell out from Topshop. The Princess paired the dress with her Episode Angel shoes and her peplum Ralph Lauren jacket. She carried her Mascaro clutch bag and wore her Annouska pearl earrings. The Princess even enjoyed wearing Topshop abroad on royal tours where she was representing the Royal Family, not just on UK engagements. In 2016 on a royal visit to Canada with William, Kate wore a pink and black embroidered dress from Topshop. The dress was long-sleeved, had a fitted waistline, and also a keyhole neckline with tassels for some added glamour. Although this dress is long sold out, the piece originally retailed for £75.