Homeowners left "one of the most desirable streets" in their area after its reputation became tainted by an "eyesore" property. Neighbours have suffered "a year of stress and worry" dealing with the aftermath of a controvesial extension to the home which a council said was "unauthorised". The property owner was told to rip the extension down but a front porch, a canopy, and five Grecian-style columns ended up being built too, at the address in Burslem, Stoke-on-Trent. But homeowner Mohammed Shorab has now received permission for a two-storey side extension, a single-storey side and rear extension and a front canopy. It will see the columns removed and the canopy reduced in size. A report to a planning committee, seen by Stoke-on-Trent Live, stated: "Officers have been in negotiation with the owner and their newly-appointed agent to identify the key concerns and discuss a range of alternative proposals. This application has been submitted in response to those lengthy discussions and informal advice given." Fifteen neighbours had objected to the new application.  David Jackson, a neighbour, told the planning committee: “It has been nearly a year since I was last here and a year of stress and worry. This sets a dangerous precedent to develop properties to the detriment of other properties. The number of objections from a small cul-de-sac shows the strength of feeling. “The street was once one of the more desirable places to live in Burslem. But now people associate it with that property – some residents have moved away and some are unable to escape this nightmare due to their age." Leslie and Ann Howle have lived on the street for 19 years. Speaking to the publication, Leslie, aged 78, said: "A lot of the people are elderly on this road. Some people have serious illnesses. The last thing we wanted was the disruption that this build is causing."  Chairman of the commitee Ross Irving said: “I hope this is a salutary lesson to all applicants that it isn’t just a piece of paper they can go away and change. If they receive planning approval they must stick to that approval because this was a blatant disregard. The planning officers have bent over backwards on this – they have gone back two or three times to the applicant and agent and I don’t think we can ask any more of our officers. “I am hopefully satisfied that what we have got in front of us is pretty good. It’s not perfect but in light of what has happened it’s reasonably good, otherwise officers wouldn’t be recommending approval. I hope we can resolve this matter as quickly as possible and I hope the applicant will liaise with neighbours to ensure as little disturbance as possible.” Vice-chairman of the commitee Andy Platt said: “I really do feel for the residents who have had to put up with the ongoing work in this cul-de-sac for so long. To not allow this would be worse for residents because it would be ongoing.” 