A man masturbated in front of his house and had sex with his wife on a bollard his neighbour erected to stop him from parking his campervan in her space, a court has heard. The heated neighbourhood row started after Lee Craig McConnell, 28, parked his car and a campervan in his neighbours' parking area in Meadow View, Blandford Forum, in Dorset on multiple occasions. "Tensions" and "arguments" boiled over when his neighbour decided to put a bollard in place to stop Mr McConnell from parking his camper van in her area, Dorset Live reported. At Weymouth Magistrates' Court, it was revealed that neighbours in the small cul-de-sac of 10 houses frequently had trouble parking and reserving their spaces with their cars. Noting one day that the bollard was pushed over, the frightened neighbour installed CCTV from her bedroom to watch the area and put up a sign warning of a camera. She still caught Mr McConnell pushing the bollard over twice. On October 26, 2022, footage showed Mr McConnell masturbating in front of his home, before gesturing to his wife to come over to the parking bollard. READ MORE: Neighbours fume as homeowner could possibly keep 'eyesore' extension Speaking of the CCTV footage, Prosecutor Richard Withey said: "He appears to be talking and she [McConnell's wife] is wearing some sort of gown, who then walks towards the bollard, goes over the bollard and engages in that [sexual] act. He finishes and walks into the house." The startled next-door neighbour watched the video again and was "completely disgusted," claiming the behaviour was intended to "shock and intimidate me" amid their continuing parking dispute. Her husband had gone to the hospital the same evening as the sexual deed. The prosecutor came to the conclusion it was an "attempt by the defendant to humiliate her" and noted Mr McConnell has declined to give comments during the police interview. DON'T MISS:Woman gets £3,500 council tax back payment using Martin Lewis tip [REPORT] Bin row boils over as pensioner attacks neighbour and smashes car [REPORT] Nicola Bulley's neighbour insists 'someone knows something' [REPORT]  Mr McConnell pleaded guilty to indecent exposure in court on Friday afternoon (March 3). He has since expressed "embarrassment" for his action and placed their home for sale to put the incident to bed, his lawyer Simon Lacey said. A pre-sentence report was requested, and the case was postponed. McConnell will return to court on April 27. He was granted bail and ordered not to speak to his neighbour. READ NEXT: Nicola Bulley’s neighbour describes her as ‘mum you’d hope to be’Woman's epic revenge after neighbour parks nine cars outside her homeWoman at 'wits' end' over decade-long parking dispute with neighbourKiller told neighbour 'I've done it before' while wielding swordFurious driver gets revenge on neighbour for stealing parking space