Jasmine Harman, 47, has shared her heartache over her five-month-old puppy, who is now recovering after undergoing emergency abdominal surgery. The A Place in the Sun favourite told her 123,000 Instagram followers in an emotional video that her little pooch Astro had swallowed a ball, leading to a “potentially fatal situation”. It comes just a few months after her family dog Jet tragically died in July 2022 after choking on a ball. Jasmine spoke to fans while showing Astro’s post-op wound to the camera, admitting the sleepy pup was “feeling a bit sorry for himself”. She then showed fans the ball Astro had swallowed, while urging fellow dog owners to prevent the same emergency from occurring by opting for an “anti-choking ball with holes in it”. The devastated star also asked her followers to “wish Astro a speedy recovery”. READ MORE... Martin Roberts breaks down in tears as he announces huge family loss Jasmine explained the situation fully in the caption of her post, writing: “Astro is 5 months old today; he is recovering from emergency abdominal surgery last week after swallowing a ball.  “Some of you will already know that my dog Jet died in July after choking on a ball whilst out for a walk with a friend.  “So, after losing one dog, and coming close to losing another I want to remind people that there are certain balls which are NOT SUITABLE for dogs. Very squashy balls can be easily swallowed.  “It happened so quickly, I didn’t have a chance to tell him to leave it.” She recalled: “The vet said that they could not induce vomiting because he had swallowed it whole, and it could choke him on the way up. “They also couldn’t let it pass through naturally in case it caused an obstruction in his intestine, which could result in a ruptured bowel, another potentially fatal situation. “So life-threatening surgery under general anaesthetic was the least risky option.” Jasmine then shared her advice to pet owners after going through two tragedies involving her beloved dogs. Don't miss... Iconic astrologer Mystic Meg has died following a short illness [LATEST] Florence Pugh braves snow as she goes braless amid Zach Braff reunion [PICS] Piers Morgan slams Clarkson fans wanting Lineker axed after Meghan row [OPINION] She continued: “Most “normal” dog balls are a choking hazard. Please consider using anti choking balls, with holes in them or ropes attached, or a frisbee, or another toy for your dog to chase and fetch.  “For your own dog’s safety as well as other dogs sharing the same space. Don’t think “it couldn’t happen to my dog”. I thought the same.  “Jet lived for the ball, it was his most treasured possession and he played fetch every day. And died doing so.  “And please ensure you are prepared in case of an emergency. Look up some dog first aid tutorials on line and PLEASE SHARE this far and wide to educate people of the dangers and save dogs from ordeals such as this. “In loving memory of Jet 09/09/19-01/07/22,” the Channel 4 host poignantly concluded.  Jasmine’s tearful video comes just a couple of weeks after the star admitted she had received "four lots" of upsetting news in a single week.  She had initially sparked concerns from fans while discussing her "absolute downer" of a week after receiving "tremendously sad" news four times in a row.  Writing of her appreciation for husband Jon Boast on that occasion, she spoke of her gratitude that he was "by my side to [help me] get through some of the more upsetting stuff".  She added: "Thank you for always being there for me and being my rock."