WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us season 1 The Last of Us episode nine was titled Look for the Light and brought the story to a sombre close. Look for the Light was fairly faithful to the video game with Joel Miller (played by Pedro Pascal) going on the rampage to save Ellie Williams (Bella Ramsey). Season two of The Last of Us has been confirmed, so fans can see the story continue on HBO. The Last of Us episode nine ran to just 44 minutes, making it one of the shortest instalments in the first outing. Look for the Light was around seven minutes shorter than the previous episode When We Are in Need. Moreover, the season premiere titled When You’re Lost In The Darkness was double the length at 81 minutes. While episode three’s Long Long Time came to 75 minutes and proved to be a short epic film. READ MORE: Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose Despite Look for the Light for being short, fans got plenty of story as Joel and Ellie finally arrived at the Firefly camp. Ellie was ready to assist the Fireflies to find a cure for Cordyceps without realising what she was fully committing to. Only after she was taken into surgery did Joel realise Ellie would have to die to extract the Cordyceps. Firefly Marlene (Merle Dandridge) told Joel it was the only way to get a cure but he couldn’t let this happen. READ MORE: The star behind Ellie in The Last of Us game stars in the show's final Instead, Joel murdered his way through the hospital to find Ellie and then shot dead the doctor before she could go under the knife. He even killed Marlene after badly injuring her to make sure the Fireflies didn’t come for them. Joel also lied to Ellie about the Fireflies, saying they gave up trying to find a cure and telling the teen there were others like her. He shielded her from the truth because she would have been devastated and would have likely given her life to save the human race - but selfishly Joel couldn’t let her go. READ MORE: Ellie stumbled across a cannibal community in The Last of Us Speaking about the episode, co-creator Neil Druckmann said: “The thought experiment for the whole story is the unconditional love a parent feels for their child.” “And far you take the story to demonstrate what that means?” While fellow co-creator Craig Mazin said: “It is not just about the beautiful parts of love, it’s also about the dark side. “It’s about how everything wonderful and everything bad ultimately can start with love.” DON'T MISS...Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [VIEWER REACTION]Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [INSIGHT]Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [VIDEO] Mazin said about the flashback at the start of the finale: “Here we are at the end, and we go all the way to the very, very beginning of Ellie, which is her mother Anna played by Ashley Johnson, who is the true beginning of Ellie because Ashley played Ellie in the game - and Ashley is spectacular.” Actress Johnson addressed appearing in the finale: “It sort of brings the story around to meeting Ellie for the first time and how she was first brought into this world. “And there was a special level for me to play the mother of this character that I care so deeply about.” She went on to say: “It was the first time I’ve ever had to do a given birth scene and it was an incredible day with real babies, that is usually hard but they connected so well. “And it shows how strong Ellie is, of where she came from and what she had to go through and that even her mother had such a fight to live.” The Last of Us season 1 is streaming on HBO Max and Now