Heart attacks and other cardiovascular events are life-threatening emergencies that require immediate attention. Like many medical issues, there are warning signs when it comes to who is at greater risk, as well as certain lifestyle factors that can make you more vulnerable. But now risk calculators could be used to alert doctors to who could be in danger of a cardiac event in the future. A team from Intermountain Healthcare, in the US, has established two heart attack risk calculators, with trials confirming their success rate. The tools accurately identify those who should be given statins - commonly taken medication to help reduce cholesterol levels and therefore the risk of heart attacks and strokes. A study of almost 4,000 people aged over 50s found participants were two-and-a-half times more effective at administering appropriate treatment as traditional care. Principal investigator Doctor Jeffrey Anderson, from Intermountain Healthcare, said: "When it comes to identifying who is likely to have a cardiac event, physicians are often playing catch up. READ MORE: New vaccine could become key weapon in the fight against cervical cancer  "They are often looking at only one or another risk marker in an annual physical rather than making a formal multifactor risk assessment or are only uncovering the patient's true risk after a heart or stroke. "In this study, we have shown taking a more active approach to help us find more patients who can benefit from a statin and hopefully prevent a heart attack, stroke or cardiovascular death before it can happen." Around six million Britons currently take statins to reduce their risk of heart attack, stroke and other cardiovascular diseases. And medicines watchdog the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has recommended more people be considered.   They are one of the world's most popular medications, dampening inflammation in blood vessels. As part of the new study, participants were recommended for statins based on algorithms known as the pooled cohort equation and coronary artery calcium scoring. The former calculates chances of atherosclerosis, or hardening of the arteries, within the next decade factoring in age, gender, blood pressure, cholesterol, diabetes and smoking status. While the latter measures coronary calcium from CT scans.  READ MORE: How much sun exposure you should be getting weekly for healthy vitamin D levels Around 600 volunteers underwent the tests - with 42 percent being advised to go on statins a quarter ended up receiving them, compared to 10 percent of 3,200 controls. The statin group had higher levels of blood fats, less good cholesterol - but reduced rates of heart attacks, strokes and other major adverse cardiac events over three years of follow up. Dr Anderson added: "This kind of active approach leads to more patients being checked more frequently for risk factors for coronary heart disease, and they were treated with statins more often, with the objective to lower their risk of a cardiovascular event such as a heart attack or stroke.  "If we are not actively assessing the risk of atherosclerotic cardiac disease with the aim of statin selection, we as physicians are much less likely to get statins to patients who could benefit from them. “We also need to look for ways to further improve the results of our active approaches." He presented the findings at an American College of Cardiology meeting in New Orleans. His team is now carrying out a larger trial of more than 5,000 patients. 