Suella Braverman and her team at the Home Office have worked long and hard on the Illegal Migrants Bill which she presented to Parliament today. But the Tory MPs cheering her rhetoric and intentions should have learnt after more than three years of frustrated attempts to end the increasing flow of small boats across the English Channel that they need to check the small print first. Early in her statement, Ms Braverman listed the exceptions to people who will be immediately deported under the new legislation. And, assuming that the courts do not rule it illegal on grounds of the Human Rights Act or the European Court of Human Rights does not stick its nose in again, there is a key exemption. The courts in the UK are suddenly going to find themselves with a plethora of cases of illegal migrants/asylum seekers with diabetes, suspected cardiovascular disease, haematological disorders, respiratory disease, surgical conditions or, possibly, pregnancy. And if any of these physical issues do not stand up then there are always mental health conditions, including fear of flying. All of these can be found on the CAA website as designating people "unfit to fly". One Tory backbencher looking at the website acknowledged: "It's going to be a battle. But we have to keep fighting." The MP went on: "This is definitely going to be a wedge issue with Labour and that is good. "In fact [after the Brexit deal on Northern Ireland] and today [with the Illegal Migrant Bill] the party is feeling a bit more buoyant. "It almost feels like we are getting our s*** together." And MPs like the plan laid out by Ms Braverman, moving illegal migrants out within 28 days to their country of origin or a safe country they passed through. The only question is whether it will work? Or maybe that does not entirely matter. The intervention by Red Waller Lee Anderson (video above), the new deputy Conservative chairman, on foreign rapists and murderers, set the tone for the political fight ahead. She may not realise it but for Tory MPs, Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper and the Labour jeering of Ms Braverman is the gift that keeps giving. Ms Braverman eviscerated Ms Cooper's response with her accusation that Labour "has closed minds and wants open borders". The vague "more legal safe routes" does seem like code for opening the door to as many as the 100 million or so people worldwide who could claim asylum to come to the UK. And, as Ms Braverman pointed out the cost is already enormous - £3billion a year, hotels £6million a day. So will it work or won't it? The Conservatives are hoping that the fact they are willing to keep fighting will be enough to persuade an infuriated public. Don't miss... Just Common Sense - the inside story behind today's 'small boats Bill' [INSIGHT] MoD delays updating MPs on state of readiness of British armed forces [REVEAL] POLL: Is Boris Johnson right to put his father forward for knighthood? [REACT] The Rwanda scheme and the "opaque", as Ms Braverman described it, way that the ECHR temporarily blocked is a reminder of the many legal hurdles to come. And it may be that SNP Edinburgh South West MP Joanna Cherry was right when she said that the Conservatives intend to go into the election with a manifesto pledge to leave the ECHR jurisdiction. Ms Braverman and many of the Tory right support that view and there is an argument to say that Brexit will not be complete until the authority of a politicised court in Strasbourg which has gone well beyond its original remit is ended. For now, the Illegal Migrant Bill may be the last roll of the dice before the ECHR nuclear button is pressed. But until then observers of the migrant crisis better become familiar with the guidelines on unfitness to fly by the CAA, because the leftwing lawyers pushing for open borders certainly will be.