NCIS welcomes guest stars every episode with some returning for numerous appearances and who are usually connected to the team in some way. In season 20 episode 16's Butterfly Effect, CBS viewers will once again meet Alden Parker's (played by Gary Cole) dad Roman Parker (Francis McCarthy), who is going to help out the team with its latest investigation. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about the actor behind Parker's father. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS. NCIS' Roman Parker is portrayed by actor Francis McCarthy who will be making his second-ever appearance in the police procedural. The 81-year-old first featured in season 19's Birds of a Feather and is now back for Butterfly Effect which will be shown on Monday, March 13. His acting career started a long time before NCIS was even thought of in 1979 in the TV movie The Last Cry for Help. McCarthy has continued to do some TV work over the years but he is probably better recognised for his roles on the big screen. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap In 1983, McCarthy starred opposite actor Steve Martin in the comedy classic The Man With Two Brains as Olsen. After this, he went on to appear in Summer School, Alien Nation, Greedy, The Stranger, The Relic, On the Basis of Sex and BASEketball. One of his biggest films to date came out in 2014, the space-action movie Interstellar as a character called Boots. The Hollywood blockbuster saw McCarthy star opposite Matthew McConaughey, Jessica Chastain and Anne Hathaway. His latest part was in the comedy-drama series Dear White People as the antagonist Professor Queensfield for a couple of episodes. McCarthy's main focus now though is NCIS as he returns as Parker's dad who he doesn't always see eye to eye with. Roman isn't someone to hold his tongue when he feels he's got something important to say. This doesn't always bode well with Parker, especially as he remains highly critical of his divorce. Don't miss... Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [AWARD] NCIS LA’s Kilbride star teases ‘beautiful’ series ending [SPOILER] LL Cool J is one of the original stars of NCIS Los Angeles [CAST] So it will be interesting to see how the father-son duo's dynamic moves forward. In Butterfly Effect, Roman is temporarily living with his son as he starts looking into the death of a ride-share driver who was found after a car accident. Roman offers his assistance on the case but is he really going to be able to help find out what happened? There aren't too many episodes left sadly until the drama says goodbye once again. Season 20 is going to end with 22 episodes, meaning there are just six left to enjoy, including the instalment tonight. However, it isn't all bad news as NCIS has already been given the green light for season 21. Spin-off series NCIS Hawaii has also been renewed for a third outing as well by CBS, whereas NCIS Los Angeles will finish after season 14. NCIS season 20 continues every Monday on CBS in the USA.