The US Department of Defence has warned Iran could potentially create a nuclear bomb in just 12 days. Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Colin Kahl made the claim as he explained Joe Biden's attempt to revive the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) deal. He said Teheran has now the capacity to make enough fissile to create a devastating explosive with a short turnaround.  Kahl said: "Because Iran's nuclear progress since we left the JCPOA has been remarkable. "Back in 2018, when the previous administration decided to leave the JCPOA it would have taken Iran about 12 months to produce one bomb's worth of fissile material. "Now it would take about 12 days." He added: "And so I think there is still the view that if you could resolve this issue diplomatically and put constraints back on their nuclear program, it is better than the other options. But right now, the JCPOA is on ice." READ MORE: Trump blasts DeSantis’ record on elderly and welfare: ‘Wheelchair over cliff kind of guy’ Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense Dana Stroul branded Iran a "global threat", citing Tehran's strengthening alliance with Russia as a key concern. Stroul said: "We are now at a point where Iranian threats are no longer specific to the Middle East, but a global challenge. "It is reasonable to expect that the tactics, techniques and procedures that the Iranians are learning and perfecting in Ukraine will one day come back to our partners in the Middle East, which is why we are increasing cooperation now." The new estimate significantly brings down the time Iran would need to create a nuclear bomb, as the regime was previously believed to need weeks if not months to produce one.  The officials however have maintained that while Iran is now able to produce enough fissile, they have yet to master the technology to create the bomb. The warning comes days after the International Atomic Energy Agency reported they had found uranium particles enriched up to 87.7 percent were found at Iran's Fordo nuclear site. The confidential report was distributed to member states this week, and will likely fuel tensions between Tehran and Western nations. The IAEA report described inspectors discovering on January 21 that two cascades of IR-6 centrifuges at Iran's Fordo facility had been configured in a way “substantially different” to what had been previously declared. The report said: "Iran informed the agency that ‘unintended fluctuations’ in enrichment levels may have occurred during the transition period. "Discussions between the agency and Iran to clarify the matter are ongoing." A spokesman for Iran’s civilian nuclear program, Behrouz Kamalvandi, also sought last week to portray any detection of uranium particles enriched to that level as a momentary side effect of trying to reach a finished product of 60 percent purity. However, experts say such a great variance in the purity even at the atomic level would appear suspicious to inspectors. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews