A royal fan posted a selfie with Princess Beatrice on Twitter on Thursday with the caption: "I met Princess Beatrice of York!" The Princess was visiting the United Nations and could be seen wearing an "Ahana" navy dress by Beulah London, a brand worn by many female members of the Royal Family. The £795 dress is described as: "Our best-selling Ahana has been crafted in a beautiful rich navy, with a longer sleeve length appropriate for colder months. "This dress is an elegant choice for any season. It is crafted from RWS-certified wool crepe and shaped to a fit and flare silhouette with an updated classic collar and sweeping skirt that's belted at the waist for a figure-defining fit. "Note the charming button-front offering a classic look. Manufactured and crafted in London, supporting British manufacturing. Made from 100 percent wool, which is RWS certified. "The responsible wool standard requires all sites, from wool farmers to the entire supply chain to be certified. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims  "RWS farmers and ranchers must meet animal welfare, land management and social requirements." Royal fans loved Princess Beatrice in this dress as she posed with royal fan @madamemilitant. Instagram user @styledbybklyn wrote: "Lovely! I love Beatrice's style." In addition, @farah_lou added: "Love the cut of this dress." But Beatrice is not the only member of the Royal Family to wear a Beulah London design. Don't miss... Princess Beatrice dons a 'Fergie bow' leaving royal fans 'obsessed' [LATEST] Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby [DIET] Crown Princess Mary dazzles in exact same coat as Pippa Middleton [STYLE] In 2021, Kate Middleton stunned fans everywhere when she stepped out wearing a Beulah London "Ahana" crepe midi dress in blush. The description says: "The Ahana Dress is an elegant choice for summer. It is crafted from blush-hued wool and shaped to a fit and flare silhouette with a short stand neckline, cropped sleeves and sweeping skirt that's belted at the waist for a figure-defining fit. "Note the charming button front offering a classic look. Add sandals and a rattan bag for a chic daytime look." The main difference between Beatrice's and Kate's looks, aside from the colour, was the fact that Kate's was short-sleeved and more summery. READ MORE: Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug' Unfortunately, this blush version of the Beulah London dress is no longer in stock. However, it can still be bought in the colour beige, as Crown Princess Mary of Denmark has worn this version of the gown three times. It costs £695, making it £100 cheaper than Princess Beatrice's version of the dress. The Princess of York has also worn her gown in green and in the colour "Chambre". She first stepped out wearing the "Chambre" version of the dress on June 3, 2022, for the Thanksgiving Service at St. Paul's during the Platinum Jubilee. Beatrice looked gorgeous in the light blue gown and even matched the style of another member of the Royal Family that day, Lady Frederick Windsor. Lady Frederick happened to wear the exact same dress that day, but in a bright fuchsia colour. Beatrice opted for the green version of the "Ahana" dress in November 2022 for the Variety Club Awards.