Nothing a royal wears is ever an accident - their outfits are meticulously planned by stylists, and Kate's are no exception. On Saturday, February 25, and Tuesday, February 28, it was not lost on royal fans that the Princess' looks gave a nod towards Diana, the late Princess of Wales. On both occasions, Kate donned garments featuring a houndstooth print. This classic pattern is popular among royal circle and the Princess seems to be a fan. Princess Diana also owned many items of clothing covered in this print, including a suit. Worn by Diana to the christening of Princess Eugenie in Sandringham in 1990 suit was a red and white blazer and a black and white skirt - both by iconic fashion house Moschino. Diana also wore the blazer in 1991 during a visit to Canada in 1991. The print may have been a nod to the country's maple leaf flag. READ MORE: How to look younger - 5 essential anti-aging skincare products to 'reduce fine lines' In the same way as Diana, Kate seemed to have worn her red and white houndstooth coat as a nod to both England and Wales on Saturday. The red reflected the Welsh team's rugby kit, while the white symbolised the English side's white shirts. Kate's coat, which was by British deisgner Catherine Walker, echoed Diana's Moschino jacket. This coat was also a rewear for Kate - the 41-year-old previously donned the coat during her and Prince William's tour of Scandinavia in 2018. DON'T MISS:Keep bananas yellow and firm for 3 weeks with clever storage method [GUIDE]Aldi Wine Club is offering customers free wine [APPLY]Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks [COMMENT] On Saturday, Kate combined the coat with a short dress and a pair of sleek, sheer black tights. She completed the outfit with a white handbag, a pair of leather gloves, and boots. In Stockholm in 2018, the royal paired the coat with lighter tights and burgundy heels. Her shoes matched her burgundy bag, which was quilted and by Chanel. She also wore gloves, but they seemed to be cotton, not leather. But Kate's other houndstooth outfit this week also drew similarities to Princess Diana's Moschino skirt suit. On Tuesday, February 28, Kate and William made a slew of visits in south Wales ahead of St David's Day. For the occasion, Kate wore a black houndstooth skirt not too dissimilar to Diana's - although albeit a little longer. Kate's skirt was a high street find from Spanish brand Zara. It is no longer available to buy new, but is on offer second hand at Zara Resell or eBay - for as little as £5.99. The skirt was the perfect choice to kick start the St David's celebrations as it echoed the skirts traditionally worn by Welsh women. Although gingham not houndstooth, these black and white or black and red patterned skirts are still worn today for Welsh folk dancing performances. Kate combined her Zara skirt with a long, cream-coloured coat, thought to be a bespoke Alexander McQueen design, and a white turtleneck top. The Princess also had a daffodil, Wales' national flower, pinned to her left lapel. Kate paid tribute to Wales and its people with the daffodil, which complemented the colour of her coat. To complete her outfit, Kate wore her trusty, knee-high black suede boots and carried a black leather bag. This was the Small Amberley Croc-Effect Crossbody Bag from Mulberry, costing £675. She also wore a pair of black gloves.