Tamy Lyn Murrell featured on TLC’s hit reality show My 600-lb back in 2018 as she attempted to get her life back on track. Murrell admitted her weight drastically impacted her life, resulting in her becoming “a hermit” as she barely left the house.  Murrell once admitted she "became a hermit" as a result of her struggles with her food addiction which caused her weight to soar to 591lb. She was so big she struggled to move around which forced her to sometimes be trapped in her bed, making her feel "miserable" living in her body. Her overeating stemmed from many things, but one event the star recalled was the tragic moment she witnessed her dad collapse and die from a heart attack in her house. The reality star’s mum also struggled with the loss which made Murrell feel like she lost both of her parents because of her mum’s grief. As the star's food addiction got the better of her, simple tasks like getting out of bed became a huge challenge. During her episode of My 600-lb Life, Murrell was seen trapped on the floor as she struggled to move. During the show Murrell explained: "The first thing that happens every morning is I get out of bed and my stomach nearly hits the floor. It just hangs there. "It is putting intense pressure on the rest of my body. My belly is sagging more and more, and it feels like I’m always off balance. Living in my body is miserable," she said during her time on the show.  But it has been six-years now since fans saw Murrell on My 600-lb Life, and she has now changed her life for the better after seeking help from weight-loss surgeon Dr Nowzaradan. Following her meetings with Dr Nowzaradan she underwent bariatric surgery which helped her shed 246-lbs. She has since shared pictures of her new physique on social media after being keen to stick with her new diet and regime. The reality star looked unrecognisable as she posed for a picture wearing black trousers paired with a white shirt, whilst also showcasing her new blonde hairstyle too. The post was shared via the star's official Facebook page, where viewers often share positive comments congratulating her on her transformation. One fan @RoseleneSantana wrote: “You look amazing” with a second @SoniaMariaSoares agreeing : “You look beautiful, congratulations.” Another @TrinaSalazar wrote: “How beautiful you are Tamy. I congratulate you. I loved your story.” @ShaunceyJohnson commented: “Wow..... keep going Tamy” and a fifth @NatuHairStyling commented: “Tamy you look great I admire you”.   Meanwhile, Murrell’s relationship with her husband James also appears to be going strong, despite him confessing he had been unfaithful just before she got gastric bypass surgery.