Arsenal are at serious risk of losing Ethan Nwaneri to a Premier League rival, according to reports. Manchester City and Chelsea are both showing significant interest in the record-breaking youngster. Nwaneri became the youngest-ever player to play in the Premier League earlier this season and the youngest to ever put on an Arsenal shirt. He came on as a late substitute in the 3-0 win at Brentford at the age of 15 years and 181 days. He has not featured for Arsenal since then and has not even been named in another match-day squad. Nwaneri is regarded as one of the brightest young talents in the country. The attacking midfielder only turns 16 next month. But his time at Arsenal could be coming to an end. The Telegraph claims there is a strong chance he could be leaving the Gunners in the summer. Arsenal have been unable to tie him down to a new contract.  Read more... Football news LIVE - Man Utd face nervy wait, Liverpool eye £62m deal [BLOG] City and Chelsea are named as the two clubs most interested in signing Nwaneri and have paid close attention to his development. Arsenal have not given up hope of convincing him to stay in north London. Nwaneri joined Arsenal at the age of nine and has been a regular for the club's youth teams this season. The starlet, who has an eye for goal, has often played as a striker but mostly operates from midfield. Arteta received some criticism for his decision to play Nwaneri at the Brentford Community Stadium. At the time, Arteta insisted he made the right call and said the decision was with the club's best interests at heart. He said: "It was a pure gut feeling, I met the kid and I liked what I saw. He has trained a couple of times with us and I had a feeling yesterday that if the opportunity came I would do it.  Don't miss... Liverpool's four options to replace Klopp to become three after talks [OPINION] Casemiro appeal decision made and new Kane info in Man Utd update [LATEST] Arsenal may back themselves into a corner with Odegaard as duo eyed [TRANSFERS] "But I think it sends a strong message about who we are as a club. I told him yesterday he would be with us and he had to be ready. He is ready. When he went on I said 'congratulations and enjoy it. "I don't know what it is. When I met him, when I looked at him, I had that feeling. "We want to give opportunities, When there is talent and personality and when players love what they do, and when they have no fear, the doors are open for them to explore where they can go. "All the decisions that we take, that I take, are for the club. It's not for me, it's not for the player." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 