Residents of a small US city have been told to shelter after about 20 cars jumped the tracks - weeks after a train carrying hazardous materials derailed in the same state. Locals reported hearing a "loud bang" and witnessing metal and debris spitting out from under the cars, which did not have passengers, around 5pm Saturday. No injuries were reported Saturday and there was no hazmat situation at the crash site, an Ohio State Highway Patrol spokesperson has said. About 20 cars of a 212-car Norfolk Southern cargo train derailed while traveling south near the city of Springfield, Ohio, which sits roughly 300 miles southeast of East Palestine, where locals are reporting symptoms after trains carrying hazardous materials derailed. However, Unlike the February 3 derailment in East Palestine, a company spokesperson said there were no hazardous materials aboard the train. But a shelter-in-place order has been issued for nearby residents within 1,000 feet of the train derailment “to shelter-in-place out of an abundance of caution", the Clark County Emergency Management Agency said. READ MORE: Cancer warning after dangerous gas pumped into air sparking major health fears Shawn Heaton told local outlet Springfield News-Sun that he was waiting at the intersection as the train crossed the intersection and captured the start of the derailment on video. “I was right there and I was playing on my phone and then I heard a loud bang. And when I heard the loud bang, I started recording,” Heaton said. “When I heard the bang, there was all kinds of debris and metal shoot out from under the cars and that’s when I started recording and you could see them start jumping off the tracks.” In an update at 8:50 pm local time on Saturday, the agency said officials are working to make sure that no hazardous materials were involved. DON'T MISSUS must 'step up' as China 'preparing fight' over Taiwan [INSIGHT]Moment man 'engulfed in flames' runs through university [LATEST]Harry and Meghan may demand huge payout over eviction [REPORT] The derailment comes weeks after 38 cars of a Norfolk Southern freight train in East Palestine, in northeast Ohio near Pennsylvania, derailed and several of the train’s cars carrying hazardous materials burned. Vinyl chloride was released into the air in a controlled burn afterwards, creating a dark plume of smoke which has caused panic within the local community. The colourless gas, used in making plastic products, can cause dizziness, headaches and drowsiness when inhaled in the short term and a rare form of liver cancer after chronic exposure. Despite assurances, returning residents are concerned that the air in the area is contaminated. READ MORE: 'Creeks filled with dead fish' spark alarm among locals over chemical leak in US disaster Locals reported burning sensations and persistent coughs, and thousands of fish and chicken have dropped dead. The Ohio Department of Natural Resources said the chemical spill resulting from the derailment had killed an estimated 3,500 small fish across 7½ miles of streams as of Wednesday. And one resident of North Lima, more than 10 miles from East Palestine, told WKBN-TV that her five hens and rooster died suddenly a day after the controlled explosion. "Don’t tell me it’s safe. Something is going on if the fish are floating in the creek," Cathey Reese, who lives in Negley, Ohio, told NBC affiliate WPXI of Pittsburgh last week. Former President Donald Trump berated the federal response to the crisis as “betrayal” duriing his visit to East Palestine on February 22. The former president, who is mounting a third bid for the White House, wore his trademark red “Make America Great Again” cap as he said the community needs “answers and results,” not excuses. “In too many cases, your goodness and perseverance were met with indifference and betrayal,” Trump said at a firehouse roughly half a mile from where more than three dozen freight cars — including 11 carrying hazardous materials — came off the tracks. The trip offered Trump, who has held few events since he launched his campaign in November, an opportunity to reprise the role he often held as president: surveying disaster damage and meeting with residents following tragic events.