Paramount’s critically acclaimed western drama Yellowstone has gripped fans all over the world with its action-packed storylines, told by an all-star cast. Fans know that Luke Grimes (who plays Kayce Dutton) is a man of many talents - and he recently announced a surprising update in his career, away from acting. It looks like the Yellowstone star is set to entertain fans with his musical ability soon as he revealed he will be releasing some new music in the near future. Grimes is known for portraying Kayce Dutton on the hit western show and ever since the first season debut, he has been a major part of the Yellowstone universe. Recently the actor swapped his saddle for a microphone as he delved into the world of music, releasing his first single No Horse to Ride last year. But it appears the actor's music journey is only just beginning as in a recent Instagram post, Grimes announced he has new music “coming very soon.” Grimes shared two black and white snaps of himself playing the guitar under a tree in the countryside, with another showing him in a recording studio. The actor captioned his post: “new music coming very soon….” Fans flooded Grimes’ comment section with words of appraisal whilst also sharing their excitement to listen to his new tracks, Fellow country music star Parker McCollum joked: "I can smell that Stetson lady attractant just by looking at this pic." Whilst @nickirodman wrote: “Love this. Music is definitely great for the soul. Hope you and your wife are enjoying your stay in Savannah." @Kaylenewright77 said: “Can't wait to hear more of your songs.” Account @Sherryannhattaway commented: “Exciting! Can’t wait to hear your project and looking forward to seeing in Nashville show for debut.” (sic) With @Mindilewis14 adding: “I don't think there is anything you can't do god your just perfect love your voice can't wait to hear more from you keep doing the great work keep smiling." (sic) Although Grimes’ musical talent may come as news to some fans, music has been a part of his life from a young age. He told Country Living that he began playing the drums in church at the age of nine and that he listened to the likes of Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings, and Merle Haggard with his dad. When he moved from Ohio to attend acting school in New York, he taught himself to play the guitar. Grimes recalled: "I always have a guitar with me. It's always been a little buddy that I can take around anywhere." And it's probably a good idea for Grimes to expand his horizons given the fact that no information has been confirmed for Yellowstone’s future as a show. The second half of season five has no current scheduled release date as of yet, meaning Grimes will certainly have more time on his hands to work on a new project. Following the success of his single No Horse to Ride, which currently has just under 7.3 million streams on Spotify, it looks like the star could be heading for a successful career in the music industry. Yellowstone seasons one to five is currently streaming on Paramount+.