On this occasion, they have something to celebrate. Prime Minister Sunak has moved the goalposts in his intense negotiations on trade with respect to the island of Ireland, but as always with the perennial “Irish Question” nothing is simple. There remains a role for a foreign court. There are significant areas of EU law still applying. There is the danger that the ball and chain of NI will be used by Eurofiles as an excuse not to allow GB, with or without NI, to diverge to our advantage, from the EU. A malign EU might still use its power in NI to gain leverage. If the DUP do not support the agreement - and they justifiably may not - and power sharing is not restored, the PM will appear to be a fool. Whether he is genuine, a fool or a nave remains to be seen. Of course, the situation in NI is unusual. There is a substantial population who do not want to be British. The question of sovereignty was muddied by the creation of the Belfast Agreement, with it the role of a foreign government in NI affairs. In that sense, the pass was already sold. Nonetheless, the danger was always that the PM was playing the wrong game. All along the negotiations were characterised as a change to the UK's trade arrangements with the EU when, in fact, the crux of the matter is much more fundamental, the integrity and sovereignty of the UK. Sovereignty is not a practical term but has very practical implications. By retaining control of key elements of the law in a part of the UK the EU would be able to prevent UK divergence lest NI be left behind. It is like the USA allowing Hawaii and Guam to be within Chinese jurisdiction and ought to be as unlikely.  As it happens the Windsor Agreement appears to have resolved some offending elements of EU sovereignty, or at least made them more remote and provided a fig leaf of comfort. However, even under this agreement, NI is still receiving EU law and subject to the jurisdiction of EU law, under the ECJ. This is only changeable via the "Stormont brake" in exceptional circumstances and with the EU capable of introducing different, but equivalent measures in response. It is also intriguing as to what PM Sunak has had to give in order to receive the blessing of the EU and his anointment by President Biden. Could the irrational raising of Corporation Tax rates be part of the price? The proof of the pudding of this deal will be how it plays out in practice, if indeed it goes ahead. The proof as to whether it will satisfy all parts of the community so that Stormont can be rebooted. If the EU operates with uncharacteristic goodwill. Whether it is used as a tool of anti-Brexit, dynamic alignment.  If it turns out that PM Sunak has sold NI for 30 pieces of silver he will become the worst Conservative PM since Neville Chamberlain and a traitor to his country in one fell swoop. His greatest fear, a so-called “trade war” with the EU was always a paper tiger, so long as we prepared for it. Such a thing would be “illegal” under WTO rules, self-harm to the EU and drive UK trade to the rest of the world even more quickly. It would also have the advantage of forcing us to adopt free market, deregulatory, low tax “growthenomics”, which is highly desirable. It is likely why the social democrat Tory cabal in Parliament have been so keen to ensure that nothing is done to upset the EU and exposed part of the UK to subjugation by a creeping foreign power. Most importantly, with or without NI, GB must now seek to diverge from the EU where it is to our advantage and to the max. An early indication will be the fate of the Retained EU Law Bill. The determination to pursue divergence and the possibility of doing so in practice will be the key test of the Windsor agreement and of the true intent of the PM. 