Express.co.uk readers have shared their views over whether Gary Lineker should remain at the BBC after his comments on the Government's immigration policy. The presenter compared Suella Braverman's new migrant bill to a policy of Nazi Germany, igniting a row over his future at the organisation. Staff the BBC are bound by due impartiality, and critics feel Lineker's comments have overstepped the mark on this occasion. The Match of the Day host wrote on twitter: "There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?" Express.co.uk readers have joined the debate over Lineker's BBC future and while there were a number of views shared, the majority felt he should stick to sport rather than politics. One reader under the username Yada yada wrote: "Gary Lineker's salary is paid by the British taxpayer, his remit is sport not his political ideology. It’s time the BBC shows him a red card and replace him." Another user under the name greyzone added: "Gary Linker is paid and employed by the BBC which is funded by the UK taxpayer paying the required licence fee. "It is courteous, necessary and appropriate for Gary Linker, and others employed in such prominent roles in the BBC, to keep their own political views to themselves and to be seen to do so." However, not everyone was critical of Lineker over his stance. Former Labour director of communications Alastair Campbell asked on social media "why shouldn’t sports presenters have views too?" Commenting on the debate, Express.co.uk reader onthebrink also appeared to show support to Lineker, writing: "Gary is preferable to any politician." A BBC spokesperson said Mr Lineker will be “spoken to", adding: “The BBC has social media guidance, which is published. Individuals who work for us are aware of their responsibilities relating to social media. We have appropriate internal processes in place if required.” Should Gary Lineker remain at the BBC? Join the debate in the comments section below