Aries Both in your work and private affairs when you need help, it shouldn’t be difficult to find it. You can count on the support of practical people who don’t let problems stand in their way. You feel most relaxed with friends of a similar age to yourself. Taurus Life is tough. Give yourself small incentives to help you get through the day. Are you self-employed? Your business will be facing intense cost pressures when although it should be growing, it is starting to shrink. Even though you could do with a break it isn’t the time to rest on your laurels. Gemini You will have had a feeling it was coming but when a big change is announced, it will still knock you for six. This will have an impact which doesn’t feel fair when you think of all you went through during the pandemic to help and support others. Cancer There are solutions but to find these, you first have to admit you’ve got a problem. Updated guidelines will give you more scope to juggle with existing skills and resources. Things aren't always easy but you will find a way to cope. Leo A newcomer to your social circle is someone you will feel instantly drawn to. Are you single? Don’t be surprised if suddenly you start worrying about whether you look good and sound interesting. Relax. If someone wants to get to know you better, they need to accept you as you are. Virgo Taking on extra work will pave the way for a promotion or pay rise. You could do with some extra money in your pockets. If you’re hoping to approach your boss to discuss money, it’s all about getting the tone and the timing right and demonstrating that you deserve a raise.  Libra You may have to get up very early in the morning to attend a meeting or to promote your work or interests. A project will be a big surprise to everyone that it actually works so well. It’s all new territory and it is turning out to be a lot of fun. Scorpio Despite efforts to economise it looks as if things are going to remain more expensive to what you were used to at this time last year. This situation isn’t going to go away and plans already made may have to be scrapped as you won’t be able to afford them now. Sagittarius It would be easy to jump to the wrong conclusion on seeing someone in a place they shouldn’t be or with someone they should not be with. There may be a good reason behind their behaviour and to mention it to others could cause them unnecessary trouble.   Capricorn You would never turn your back on someone in your social circle who could do with your skills or knowledge. A friend or workmate is having to deal with a pressing or difficult task and your help will save them a lot of time and frustration. Aquarius Colleagues are tired of hearing the same old rhetoric from those in high places. Set up a workplace meeting to discuss what is going on. Sometimes the most difficult issues are the ones that are the hardest to talk about. Specific things will be arranged for a specific audience. Pisces You’re restless and uneasy but finding it difficult to pinpoint why. It might be time to consider your life as a whole. If you’re living in the wrong place or mixing with the wrong people, you aren’t ever likely to experience true contentment. You can make changes.     