Arsenal chief Edu is set to fail in his latest mission to sign a Brazilian wonderkid dubbed the 'next Luis Suarez'. Reports claim 18-year-old striker Vitor Roque has rejected a move to the Emirates in favour of joining Barcelona. Former Brazil international Edu has earned a reputation as Arsenal's transfer chief for scouring his home country for young talent. He played a big part in getting Gabriel Martinelli to the Emirates in his first summer as technical director in 2019. Martinelli joined from Ituano for just £6million, which has proven to be a bargain. Arsenal also signed Marquinhos from Sao Paulo last year for a fee of around £3m. But it appears his latest pursuit of a Brazilian youngster is set to fail. Spanish outlet Sport claims Roque has ruled out a move to Arsenal.  Read more... Casemiro appeal decision made and new Kane info in Man Utd update [LATEST] The teenager has his heart set on a move to Barcelona and the La Liga club are interested in signing him. Roque has blocked any other interest since Barca's admiration became known. The report says Barca boss Xavi has given the go-ahead to a deal, which is likely to happen this summer. Club chiefs believe Roque will be a key part of the project Xavi is building at the Nou Camp. Roque currently plays for Athletico Paranaense, having joined from Cruzeiro last April. He has eight goals and three assists in 38 appearances for the club. His style of play and finishing ability has been compared to that of former Barca star Suarez. Roque welcomed the comparison when speaking to Sport in February.  Don't miss... Arsenal may back themselves into a corner with Odegaard as duo eyed [TRANSFERS] Erik ten Hag's silence is telling as Ronaldo rule risks Rashford exit [OPINION] Man Utd could sign 'best defender in the world' for just £43m [GOSSIP] He said: "There is a great similarity. Both Luis Suarez and I use a lot of physicality in the way we play, and we also have points in common in finishing, being very keen on scoring goals. "He’s now playing here at Gremio and I hope that when we play we can swap shirts. I’d love to have his shirt. I get a lot of inspiration from what he does and I hope that, if I go to Barcelona, I can be as successful as he was." He has also reiterated his desire to join Barca. Roque added: "It is not only a dream of mine but also of any player. "If I end up going to Barca, it will be a great joy for my family and for me. For this reason, I have to continue working hard and hope that everything will come to fruition over time."  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE