Eagle-eyed Dancing on Ice fans were shocked to notice pro skater Vanessa Bauer looked unimpressed during the final. This was particularly obvious after celeb partner Joey Essex's final skate, which she appeared to guide him through. Sunday marked Vanessa’s fifth time appearing in the final as she danced the iconic Bolero. Viewers took to Twitter to comment that she looked "fuming" after the pair's Bolero when they received their results from judges Ashley Banjo, Jayne Torvill, Christopher Dean and Oti Mabuse. ITV viewers picked up on how Vanessa appeared to be telling Joey what to do throughout the dance. Unfortunately, they didn't do enough to impress viewers at home and the pair lost out to gymnast Nile and his partner Olivia. Vanessa's reaction to the result caught the attention of those watching at home, who questioned if there was a feud. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap Taking to Twitter, @Gonch76 commented: "Vanessa is looking epically p***ed off as Joey breaks under pressure!" @rogernook agreed writing: "Vanessa looks p***ed off after the Bolero #dancingonice." @NatalieEdex wrote: "Oh please, Vanessa looked fuming even before the winner was announced." User @nancysdowden commented: "Vanessa being a serial finalist makes me laugh, she’s done bolero more times that Torvill and Dean at this point #dancingonice.” (sic)  While @DomWalker92 wrote: “It seems to me now that #DOI producers just want Vanessa to be in the final every year. “They either give her someone from a dance background or someone young, or she gets through to the final with someone that can’t skate of a high enough standard & doesn’t know the routine.” (sic) Speaking after Nile's win was announced, Joey admitted he missed a few steps in his routine. "I am so happy for Nile and Olivia, I know I missed a few steps. Best time of my life, thank you to everyone," he said. DON'T MISS: Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [INSIGHT]Elizabeth Banks trips on Oscars stage twice [INSIGHT] Angela Bassett ‘snub’ as she 'refuses to clap' Jamie Lee Curtis win [OPINION] For his part, Nile said: "It's meant so much to me. I want to thank everyone who voted back home." He continued: "If Dancing On Ice is anything other than entertainment – we've got 11 human beings of all different shapes and sizes stood on this stage with an allocated time to get good at something. "We've proved that we can do it, and what an inspirational show. If you work hard and you put your mind to it, you can achieve anything you want to." Fans of the show seemed to agree with the judges choice of winner. Offering her congratulations on Twitter @caroltchick wrote: “Well deserved win , such a fab couple to watch. “You would never know one wasn’t a professional skater. Nile you need to keep skating youre brilliant.” (sic) @SHANEOfficial agreed writing: “Nile you have never skated a bad skate. Congratulations, this was a completely original take on the Bolero with some exciting tricks added for good measure. Really well done!”  You can watch back the final of Dancing On Ice 2023 on ITVX.