Former Manchester United star Kleberson has advised the Red Devils to go after his countryman, Richarlison, this summer. The Tottenham forward revealed his unhappiness in north London this week and he could be on the move at the end of the season, with United likely to seek out a long-term replacement for Wout Weghorst. Weghorst has been praised for his hard work, pressing and versatility since signing on loan from Burnley in January. A return of just one goal in 14 games is unlikely to deter manager Erik ten Hag from going after another striker in the summer, however. Moves for Harry Kane and Victor Osimhen have both been touted, although prising the megastars away from Tottenham and Napoli respectively may prove tricky. Kleberson, who spent two years at United in the early 2000s, believes that his former club could be well served to go after one of Kane's team-mates. Richarlison raised eyebrows by discussing his 's*** season' at Spurs after being dumped out of the Champions League on Wednesday, lashing out at manager Antonio Conte in the process. Don't miss... Messi thrown under the bus as PSG icon rants after Bayern defeat [INTERVIEW] "I'd really like to see Richarlison play for Man Utd," Kleberson told OLBG. "He's the kind of striker that could help United a lot. Especially with teams pressing, he can do a low block, he can put pressure on the centre-back and he can get inside the box. "He's played in the Premier League for many years, he understands the rules and he's a really hard-working player. As Man Utd get more structure and consistency, winning more games, I think Richarlison is a player who could do a lot for the club. Read more... Chelsea keen on Dominik Szoboszlai as Erling Haaland 'consulted' [TRANSFERS] Man Utd owners the Glazers 'consider taking club off the market' [REPORT] Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover U-turn, Richarlison lashes out [LATEST] "When Richarlison was at Everton, I think he should have gone to Manchester United instead of Tottenham. It could have been different. Now he doesn't play much and he doesn't get many opportunities. He's competing with guys at Tottenham who are amazing players. He's on the bench, but he's competing with these big players. "As a club, sometimes you need to take a risk because he's not a bad player, he's an amazing player. He plays for Brazil's national team, he just needs game time and some confidence from the coach and the team. I believe he could easily do an amazing job for United."  Richarlison has started only seven Premier League games this season and he is yet to score in a domestic competition for Spurs. His previous spell at Everton, which saw him net 53 goals in 152 games, prompted the Lilywhites to fork out £60million last summer. But with a series of forwards trying and failing to make an impact while serving as back-up to Tottenham's established front three, the 25-year-old may feel as though he has no future at the club. It remains to be seen whether Spurs would be willing to take a financial hit on the big-money forward who joined less than a year ago.