At least seven people have been killed and 25 injured, eight of them seriously, in a mass shooting near a building used by Jehovah's Witnesses in Hamburg, Germany. The shooting took place in Hamburg's Alsterdorf district. At 1:40am local time, Hamburg Police issued an update stating a body found at the scene could be the perpetrator. Writing on Twitter, authorities said: “​​We found a lifeless person in a community center in #GroßBorstel who we believe could be a perpetrator. In order to rule out the involvement of other perpetrators, we carry out checks and search extensively.”   In its latest update, the police tweeted: "Based on the current state of affairs, we assume a perpetrator. "The police measures in the area are gradually being discontinued. Investigations into the background to the crime are ongoing. Police responded to emergeny calls at around 9pm with initial reports suggesting shooters were still on the run. But in new reports, it is thought the perpetrator or perpetrators are amongst the dead. But they later issued an update saying several people had been seriously wounded and some fatally.  "We only know that several people died here; several people are wounded, they were taken to hospitals," police spokesman Holger Vehren said. He said he had no information on the severity of the injuries suffered by the wounded.  After police arrived he said, they heard a shot from an upper foor and found a person upstairs who may have been a shooter. He said police did not have to use their firearms. He said there as no immediate indication a shooter was on the run and it appeared likely the perpetrator or perpetrators were either in the building or among the dead. READ MORE: Russian trainee soldiers shoot themselves to avoid Ukraine war horrors  The spokesperson said: "Investigators had indications that a perpetrator may have been in the building and may be even among the dead. We have no indications of a perpetrator on the run." According to Hamburg police, the shooting took place at a Jehovah's Witness centre on Deelböge street in the Gros Borstel district Don't miss... Woman buries neighbour's dog alive after barking kept her up at night [LATEST] Groceries chain probe after South American meat labelled 'British' [REPORT] McDonald's diners' horror as 'bricks launched through windows' [COMMENTS] There is no immediate information on a possible motive, nor the event that was underway when the shooting took place.   A reporter for local broadcaster NDR Heiko Sander claimed police “happened to drive past” when the shooting was happening. The journalist said, when he was live from Tagesschau, a special unit happened to drive past when they heard several shots. German television channel Welt also added that the police were so quick to the scene as they were driving back to the police headquarters when they heard the gunshots. They then went into the building and evacuated people, including one pregnant woman.   Speaking to local media, a witness described the scene. Lara Bauch, 23, said: “It was about four firing periods. During these periods, several shots were always fired, approximately 20 seconds to one minute apart. “I then looked further out of the window and saw a person running hectically from the ground floor to the first floor at the Jehovah’s Witnesses.” She said people were later carried by police officers onto the street on their hands and feet. The services at the centre have “always been very well attended” and that the crowd was a mix of “families, older people, younger people”, the witness added.   At about 11:35pm Thursday night Hamburg Police issued an update, but didn't share any new information. The update posted on Twitter stated: "Our measures and investigations are running at full speed. "As soon as there is reliable information about the use in #GroßBorstel, we will inform you immediately at this point." In a separate update, the police urged people to “refrain from discussions about perpetrators or the course of events”. Writing on Twitter, they said: “We are also working at full speed. We ask that you refrain from discussions about perpetrators or the course of events, as well as mutual insults and other unrelated comments. You would make communication about the ongoing deployment in #GroßBorstel much easier for us.” 