Manchester United could be tempted to pursue Napoli defender Kim Min-jae to provide depth in central defence following his impressive start to life in the Serie A. The Red Devils are reportedly keen admirers of the 26-year-old and weighing up a move for the centre-back at the end of the season. United have looked unrecognisable this season compared to previous campaigns, winning the Carabao Cup recently to give them a fighting chance of landing the quadruple. Summer signings Lisandro Martinez and Tyrell Malacia have been central to their success, with United’s new-look defence providing the foundations for their attacking stars to thrive. Martinez and Raphael Varane have formed a rock-solid defensive partnership, with Luke Shaw also providing another option centrally. As a result, club captain Harry Maguire has been forced to warm the bench consistently, which has captured the attention of several Premier League sides. If the England international was to leave Old Trafford in the summer and cut short a disappointing tenure at the club, Erik ten Hag will certainly be relying on a replacement being signed. Min-jae has been consistently linked with a move, and the sale of Maguire could prompt a pursuit. Former Napoli director Carlo Jacomuzzi was asked about whether a move could be on the cards, to which he told Radio Punto Nuovo: “Kim and United? It would be very convenient. Manchester United must improve a lot and someone like the Korean would be a suitable profile.” Min-jae has made 23 league appearances for Napoli so far this season, helping the club to the top of the table and being lauded as one of their most important players. The South Korean international’s performances have also seen him justify his nickname of being ‘the monster’ – a tag that he is particularly fond of. At 26, the defender has the potential to improve further and become an important figure for United, though it will come at a significant cost. Min-jae currently has a £44million release clause that becomes active in the summer, though Napoli are working around the clock to strike a deal with their No 3 that will see that part of his contract removed, which would see his transfer value soar. United may therefore be tempted to retain the services of Maguire and invest their funds in other positions, with Ten Hag proving that he has confidence in his captain by starting him in his side’s FA Cup fifth-round clash with West Ham earlier this week.