British Gas will offer debt relief grants to all eligible Britons in a bid to cushion the blow of energy bills set to soar again in April, the company has announced. Energy consumers will see their average household annual bills rocket from £2,500 to £3,000 a year from next month, putting millions at risk of fuel poverty. The British Gas Energy Trust is joining other energy providers in providing grants to low-income households. Households eligible for help include those with savings not exceeding £1,000 and who have received advice from a money advice group like Citizens Advice. People across England, Scotland and Wales can access the individuals and families fund, to clear an outstanding debt on a current or open gas, electricity or dual fuel energy account. Consumers are urged to use the Bounce Back Checklist, a tool on the trust website, to see what assistance they qualify for in terms of benefits and cost of living payments, and speak to a local advice centre to get adequate guidance on support. The trust website says: "Some energy providers have their own customer trust fund, so check with your own supplier to see if they can support first." The trust also offers grants through the British Gas Energy Support Fund, which is open to British Gas customers only. A customer must have an energy debt between £250 and £1,500 and the debt must apply to their primary residence, on an active account. The announcement comes as Centrica, the company that owns British Gas, reported record profits for the 2022 financial year. READ MORE: Energy bills support scheme ends but more support to come The company recorded operating profits of £3.3billion, up from £948million in 2021, topping the firm’s previous highest-ever annual profit of £2.7billion in 2012. British Gas among other energy firms reported record profits last year helped by high energy prices in the wake of the war in Ukraine. As political pressure rose to tackle all-time high profits, Centrica was slapped with a 45 percent windfall tax on electricity generators. The Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) said eight million households on low income will receive £900.  Don't miss... Martin Lewis shares key tips to get energy bills ‘cheaper’ [LATEST] Energy crisis as suppliers fire up contingency plans in UK cold snap [REPORT] Britons face £2,500 a year in extra costs from April [FORECAST] The sum will be split into handouts allocated over the next few months, with a first payment of £301 in the spring, a second £300 payment in the autumn and a third payment of £299 in the spring of 2024. More than six million disabled people will also receive a second £150 payment in the summer, and over eight million pensioners will receive a separate £300 payment next winter on top of their Winter Fuel Allowance. According to End Fuel Poverty, 7.5 million households could fall into fuel poverty in April, meaning they will be unable to afford their houses warm. Chancellor of the Exchequer Jeremy Hunt is reportedly "poised" to extend the Government’s £2,500 energy price guarantee for another three months, according to The Times. READ NEXT:Hidden Echo energy-saving tip smart speaker users should knowFamily leaves the city for a rural home - and now pay £800 for heatingOur mission is for UK to have amongst the cheapest electricity pricesEnergy Minister sets out plans to make UK world leader in green energyDehumidifier expert shares how to use appliance to lower energy bills