Rail fares in England and Wales have risen by up to 5.9 percent in a financial blow for passengers. Britons are now facing the biggest fare hike in more than a decade, since 2012 when prices rose by six percent. It is regulated rail fares which will rise, and the cap on these increases in England, Scotland and Wales is set by governments in Westminster, Holyrood, Cardiff, respectively. The increase means people could pay hundreds more per year for the cost of travel. For example, an annual season ticket from Woking to London will rise by £216 - increasing from £3,664 to £3,880. While an annual season ticket from Liverpool to Manchester cost based on the 5.9 percent rise will mean a £168 increase, from £2,864 to £3,032. READ MORE: All the changes to expect for Universal Credit and other benefits Many Britons have reported arriving to the station today and facing delays or cancellations, adding to the frustration of a price hike. Some took to social media to express their opinions on the matter this morning. Rachel Myers said: “How can you honestly justify putting up the train fares again?! “Delays and cancellations constantly. Not to mention rail replacement services nearly every weekend. Daylight robbery!” Don't miss... Pensioners urged to consider ‘blended’ savings approach [UPDATE] State pension triple lock branded ‘drain’ on UK finances [EXCLUSIVE] Santander warning as Britons victimised by social media fraudsters [LATEST] Trev Hagger wrote: “Wife and I off to London this morning, hospital appointment. Train fare HS (high speed) £164.80, slow train £187.40 for a journey about 70 miles. Our fares are out of control.” James Agar stated: “Rail fares increase, trains late and full up, nowhere to sit. The system is broken!” Jonathan Greig made reference to a new train fare being introduced on May 1 in Germany, offering unlimited travel within the country on any regional train for 49 euros a month. He said: “Rip off Britain! Especially Deutsche Bahn in Germany soon offering a €49 monthly pass for nationwide travel on regional trains / buses / trams.” While Sam Brook added: “Staggeringly, rail fares are set to rise by 5.9 percent after last year's increase of 4.8 percent, despite the number of delays and cancellations having increased in that period. “The rail network is unaffordable for many and barely fit for purpose.” However, the Government has argued this year’s increase falls “well below inflation”. Huw Merriman, rail minister, said: “I understand it has been a difficult year and people are feeling this pinch. “This is why - through the biggest ever Government intervention - we capped the rise well below inflation, and delayed it coming into force.” Elsewhere in Britain, the Scottish Government has frozen fares on ScotRail until the end of March 2023. Labour has slammed the decision to hike fares, stating travelling Britons will find the rise difficult to bear. Louise Haigh, shadow transport secretary, said: “This savage fare hike will be a sick joke for millions reliant on the Conservative’s broken rail system. “People already facing soaring taxes and bills will now be clobbered with an eye-watering rise in the cost of the daily commute." However, a spokesperson for the Rail Deliver Group, representing train operators, added: “The Government's decision to hold fares down below current inflation is understandable. "It is important that fares are set at a level that is appropriate for both the industry and its customers.”