Whether you want full coverage, or a smattering of base products to hide a few blemishes, makeup tends to sit in natural lines and creases. Express.co.uk spoke to Charlotte Knight, founder of Lottie London about the current makeup trends and how best to apply products for a flawless finish. Speaking about the current makeup trends, Charlotte said: “A couple of my current favourite makeup trends focus on the skin and base. “The Glass Skin makeup trend is all about a dewy, luminous complexion, a look which is so wearable and easy for anyone to master. “To nail the trend in your makeup look you want to start with prepping your skin, and a primer will work to smooth and hydrate the skin for the perfect base. “Following this, incorporating light-reflecting products into your routine such as skin tints, blushers and highlighters is a must for a fresh, flawless finish. READ MORE: Reverse signs of ageing with Olay’s ‘amazing’ new moisturising range “Lightweight, liquid and cream-based products applied with your fingers work the best to achieve this as you can build and blend this into the skin for a natural glow,” she added. “The second look I’m loving is the intense blush looks that we’re seeing a lot this awards season. “Historically, we had been seeing the W blush trend however many are noticing this can lower the face. “As the slicked back hair continues, we've been seeing blush climb to new heights, straying to our temples and top of our cheekbones, often carried out across the lid too for a seamless flush of colour.” DON'T MISS...Animal puzzle only people with ‘extraordinary intelligence’ can solve [PICTURE]Kate’s key accessory to make her red carpet outfits ‘become iconic’ [COMMENT]March 2023 horoscope reading for all star signs - what’s in store [EXCLUSIVE] When it comes to applying foundation, Charlotte shared her top tips for achieving a flawless finish, without the product sitting in creases or wrinkles. She said: “Prepping and priming your base gives your makeup the best canvas to sit on and increases the longevity of your makeup. “You want to add as much hydration into your skin as possible with a hydrating serum followed by a hydrating moisturiser. “This duo will nourish your skin's barrier, allowing it to appear plump and fresh which also will allow your makeup to stay in place. READ MORE: Beauty fans praise £7 'Botox' cream that ‘smooths skin’ in two weeks “For a natural finish on your foundation or base makeup, opt for a lightweight skin tint and blend it out with a damp sponge to sheer it even further. “When setting this with powder, avoid setting into your creases by powdering on the lightest amount and melting it in with setting spray,” the expert added. For anyone looking to inject some fun into their makeup, Charlotte shared her advice for making someone feel confident enough to wear bright, bold colours. She said: “My number one advice is true that makeup is fun! It’s supposed to be enjoyable and if you feel like you want to start exploring with brighter colours and bolder looks, you should do just that. “Start playing with new makeup techniques at home and try wearing it out with people you feel close to as you’re building your confidence up. “If you don’t feel ready to wear a full-on look to work straight away, think of how you can make small statements such as a bold inner corner or a more colourful lip.” “Lottie London is always bringing you the latest beauty innovation that’s reactive, inclusive and affordable,” Charlotte explained. “Always keeping it conscious, we are 100 percent vegan and cruelty-free. “Everything we do is powered by our #LottieSquad, the Lottie London community that influences us. The squad combined with social media breaks us away from the traditional product development method.”