Russia's Wagner mercenary group has boasted they have eradicated a Ukrainian military group called the 'Boris Johnson' Unit in the city of Bakhmut, which is currently under siege by Russian forces. The commander of the Wagner group alleged that the 24th Mechanised Brigade of Ukraine was vanquished during a fierce battle in the destroyed eastern city, where Russian troops are making efforts to encircle Ukrainian soldiers. The Wagner group released a video that displayed a Ukrainian flag and spoils inside a cellar that was previously occupied by Ukrainian troops. The blue and yellow flag of Ukraine contained a message that reads "Boris Johnson's unit. Boris Johnson". The video shows a Wagner commander claiming the flag as a war trophy saying: "The Johnson unit was holding a large stronghold in the woods [in Bakhmut]. He added: "When they were hit, a flag like this was found."   Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has repeatedly praised Johnson's efforts. However, there is no official confirmation from the Ukrainian military that the 24th Mechanised Brigade, which has been engaged in fighting in Bakhmut for several months, has been defeated by Russian Wagner troops. Britain's former Prime Minister is considered a hero in Ukraine for mobilizing support from the West during Russia's invasion of Ukraine. The 24th Mechanised Brigade has participated in peacekeeping missions in Kosovo and Iraq, as well as in NATO command and staff exercises known as Peace Shield.  Russian forces are relentlessly attacking Bakhmut in their attempt to capture the city and encircle Ukrainian troops. The city had a population of around 70,000 before the conflict but has been devastated during months of fighting as a result of Russian aggression and determined Ukrainian defence. During a morning briefing, the Ukrainian military stated that the enemy is still moving towards Bakhmut and relentlessly attacking the city. The Ukranian military spokesman said: "The enemy continues to advance in the direction of Bakhmut. DON'T MISS:China fires space lasers, US deploys troops, says JONATHAN SAXTY [COMMENT]Joe Biden snaps back after being asked about China arming Russia [NEWS]Arming Ukraine before invasion might have made Putin think again [SPOTLIGHT] "He does not stop storming the city of Bakhmut." If the Russian forces manage to take control of Bakhmut, it would pave the way for capturing the remaining urban centres in the industrial Donetsk province. In a video address on Tuesday, President Zelensky emphasized the importance of defending Bakhmut, describing the battle as the most difficult one. President Zelensky said: "Russia in general takes no account of people and sends them in constant waves against our positions, the intensity of the fighting is only increasing."