Some of football's most exciting, and occasionally bizarre moments often happen miles away from the football pitch, and inside offices and training grounds across the country as players complete transfers to new clubs. Joey Barton to Marseille, Edgar Davids to Barnet, Ali Dia to Southampton. Each move is covered in strange twists and plot turns. In 1997, another transfer shocked the football industry, as England playmaker Paul Merson swapped Arsenal for Middlesbrough. For many, Merson — who collected countless trophies during his 12 years as a professional at Arsenal including two league titles and the European Cup Winners' Cup — would have commanded a place in many of the top division's starting teams. And so when Middlesborough, who had just been relegated to the second tier of English football, offered a then record fee, which would make Merson the most expensive player ever signed by a non-Premiership club at the time —£4.5million — those involved in the game were stunned. Reflecting on that move, Merson told Express.co.uk that it was fueled by his addictions, though at the time the true extent of his dependencies on drugs, alcohol, and gambling was not known. The former England attacker said: "My addictions played a part (in the move) — greed. You know I got offered a lot of money to go to Middlesbrough. "I just couldn't get my head around Arsenal offering me £130,000 a year to stay, and Middlesborough offering me £1million a year. "And I couldn't get my head around that I was going to lose £32,000 a month in wages if I stayed at Arsenal, and that is exactly how a gambler thinks. "And that's what it was. Don't get me wrong, I loved my time at Middlesbrough when I went there. I was the fittest I had ever been under Arsene Wenger, I loved it — though I loved any time at Arsenal — but when I look back my addictions were my problem." Merson spoke to Wenger, who had taken over Arsenal the previous year and was then installing his new regime to transform the club into a healthy, cosmopolitan side capable of winning the league again. Reports show that the attacker would be earning more money at Middlesbrough than another Arsenal legend, Dennis Bergkamp, who remained at the Arsenal Stadium, known as Highbury, during the following season. He left with a record of playing 423 times for Arsenal, scoring 99 goals and in a recent poll being voted the club's 26th-best player of all time. The London-born star, who also played for Portsmouth and Walsall, recalled what it was like when he turned up to play for Middlesbrough that summer during the BBC documentary Paul Merson: Football, Gambling & Me. JUST IN: Paul Merson on 'really, really tough' spell for Tottenham The 54-year-old said in 2021: "They (Middlesbrough) were on tour in Italy in the mountains and as I got off at the airport, no one was there. They forgot. "I had to get a cab to training which was about two hours away. And I'm like for **** sake. That's Arsenal, you're not even picking your luggage up. That was an eye-opener. "I got to the hotel, and then I was sharing a room with a lad called Clayton Blackmore, a lad who used to play for Man Utd. Great lad. "And I was unpacking my stuff and he was laying on the bed and said: 'What the f*** are you signing for us for?" Don't miss... Klopp told Liverpool's season is being ruined by 'worst deal ever' [LATEST] Ferdinand digs out Merson for comments on Man Utd new boy Sabitzer [INSIGHT] Arsenal may be about to pull off transfer masterstroke with Jorginho [ANALYSIS] His fee would soon pay for itself, as Merson helped Middlesbrough gain promotion once again, earning the nickname The Magic Man from the Riverside Park faithful. But as the new season rolled around, Merson sparked fury among the Teesside faithful, pining for a move to new shores despite his brilliant performances for Boro. The club's chief executive at the time, Keith Lamb, launched an astonishing attack on Merson and his agent Steve Kutner, after his £6.75million move to Aston Villa was finalised. Merson, unearthed accounts claim, had become frustrated at Middlesbrough's ambition in the league, and also questioned some players' attitude towards alcohol and gambling. According to the Guardian, Lamb lashed out at Merson, saying "everyone connected with Middlesbrough has been let down by" the attacker, "the fans, the players, his friends". He continued: "Paul Merson knew how the club had been treated by other international players and when he came here he went on record saying that he would never treat the club that way. He has just treated the club in exactly the same way and I hope he treats his new club better. "If he takes a moment to reflect, I hope he will remember how everybody bent over backwards to accommodate him and his family's particular problems, how the club babysat his children. "If this is his way of repaying us I find it strange, and to say the club lacks ambition is nonsense. "We've built a new stadium, a new training ground and Bryan (Robson, the Boro manager) has spent over £50 million on players - all in the last four years.  "And to say his fellow players are drinkers and gamblers is a slur and a libel. All the other players at the club are suffering because of this and people will read his comments and again be calling Middlesbrough a Mickey Mouse club." One of the aspects of anger for Middlesbrough was also in how the club had supported Merson in what the publication said was "special treatment" for the player. Merson was allowed to continue living in his Hertfordshire base, as opposed to moving up north, return late to training after the 1998 World Cup, and have longer breaks than the remainder of the squad. With the deal concluded, Merson would spend four years with Villa, notching up another FA Cup final appearance in 2000, as well as taking the captain's armband a year later.