A teenage son called a tow truck after a stranger parked in his mum's reserved space outside their home for five minutes. The stranger then came to the family's house them in a "heated" row. Writing on Reddit, the 19-year-old man said his family pay for two reserved spots outside their home. But he took brutal action last week when he saw someone parking in one of the spaces. The teenager wrote online: "I waited a bit - maybe he was just making a 1-minute pit stop - but he was still away after about 5 minutes, and there were a few visitor parking spots available, so I was baffled why he decided to steal ours. I decided to call for a tow truck and then they came about 3-4 minutes later. "As the tow truck driver was hooking the car up, the guy came out and saw it. He immediately got into an argument with the tow truck driver and was saying he was 'only like, 10 minutes!'."  The poster explained that his mum returned about half an hour later and the row then broke out about 10 minutes after she got home when the spot stealer came to their house. He added: "The guy argued with me and mom, saying he was only gonna be there for 5 more minutes. It got heated, but he eventually walked away, still p***** off." Many people sided with the teenager, saying they would also have called a tow truck in that situation. One wrote: "Assuming the spot was clearly marked as "reserved", whoever parks there without permission does so at their own risk." Another commented: "You couldn’t know if he was going to be 5 minutes or 5 hours. It wasn’t his spot, and he had no right to park there for any length of time."  Someone else said: "It's always only been 10 minutes and they were going to move it in 5 minutes. That's up there with the check being in the mail for most overplayed lies on the planet. "There were alternative visitor spots available, he chose to park in a reserved one (even if the visitor spots were all filled, he shouldn't park in a reserved spot). If you chose to park where your parking can result in you getting ticketed and/or towed, you have only yourself to blame for it." One person simply put: "Don't park in other people's parking spots. Plain and simple." Another added: "Your parent pay for those spots. They are presumably clearly marked. Why should your parents park elsewhere just to accommodate some entitled idiot?" 