This week's episode of 1000-lb Sisters saw one-half of the Slaton sisters, Tammy, receive surgery after facing many challenging years struggling with her weight. However, fans of the show have slammed Tammy’s mum, Darlene for choosing her dogs over checking up on her daughter in hospital.  Tammy Slaton finally underwent her weight loss surgery after losing 300 pounds in a rehabilitation centre in Ohio. Despite the exciting news, fans have taken to social media to call out Darlene Slaton, the 61-year-old mother of the two 1000-lb sisters. Darlene is also the mother to five other children, Chris, Amanda, and Misty, from her first husband, while Crystal and Wane are from her second husband. Unfortunately, her former husbands are no longer alive anymore, which is the reason the mum-of-seven lives alone with her pet dogs. However, the love for her pooches in this week's episode has caused quite a controversy among fans. Ahead of Tammy’s surgery, all the Slaton siblings planned to be at the hospital whilst the surgery took place, this included her sister Amy Slaton who had recently given birth to her second son, Glenn. In the episode, Amy can be seen discussing the plans with mother Darlene about coming to support Tammy while she was in the hospital. Whilst speaking to Amy, Darlene said: "I'm very proud of Tammy for making it this far. I couldn't believe it. I guess it was God's will. She got over her bull-headedness and got down to business and got the job done." Despite Darlene wanting to be reassured her daughter was okay after the surgery, she wasn't too keen on making the drive to the hospital to see Tammy in person.  Amy proceeded to ask her mother if she wanted to drive to the hospital with her and her husband Michael, to which Darlene replied no. Darlene responded: "I can't go. I can't leave my babies," referring to her dogs. In a bid to get her mum to attend the hospital, Amy offered to have friends come over to feed "those d**n dogs," but her mother had already convinced herself that she couldn't leave the pets. Darlene dished out more excuses, saying: "That trip would be too long for me with the way my legs are. I don't think I could handle it."   After the episode aired, fans quickly fled to social media after being disgusted with Darlene's reluctance to support her daughter at the hospital. One fan @cattisonminks wrote: “Amy and Tammy’s mom is terrible. She’s more concerned about her dogs than her daughter. I love my dogs too, but your kids come first!” @SadittyShonnie agreed: “I’m with Amy. I don’t care if my kids are on the other side of the planet. I’ll get there if they need me. Their mom is crazy as hell. Worried about some damn dogs over her daughter.” Another @Reality_ChekPlz commented: “Tammy & Amy’s mother is 100% their issue. She can’t leave her “babies” (dogs) to be with her human baby in her time of need? Wtf?!” [Sic]  A fourth fan @melodieaikels added: "Ugh! The mama is the worst and always has been! Her kids have always been an afterthought to her!” Throughout the series, the Slaton sisters have often blamed their mother for their weight struggles In a recent episode, Amy broke down in tears after fearing she would be a bad parent to her unborn baby. The star confessed she was apprehensive about parenthood after her relationship with Darlene was not the best. 1000-lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.