Ukrainian tennis player Lesia Tsurenko has confirmed that she has withdrawn from Indian Wells after suffering a “panic attack” following a discussion with Women’s Tennis Association (WTA) chief Steve Simon. The country’s number three professional had reached the second round following a surprise win over Donna Vekic, but the competition claimed she had withdrawn from her match against Belarusian Aryna Sabalenka due to "personal reasons". The 33-year-old had been seen practising ahead of her clash in California, but withdrew as she later revealed that a conversation with Simon showed her that the organisation had planned to offer little help to Ukrainian players amid the ongoing war. Tsurenko has pulled out of nine tournaments in the past year either before or during matches, but was “shocked” by Simon’s comments to her as he predicted that Russia and Belarusian players would be able to compete at the 2024 Olympics under a neutral flag and that she should not get upset if a Russian or Belarusian player supports the war. "I was absolutely shocked by what I heard, I just broke down mentally," Tsurenko told Great Tennis Ukraine. “He told me that he himself does not support the war, but if the players from Russia and Belarus support it, then this is only their own opinion, and the opinion of other people should not upset me." JUST IN Murray makes strange 'nervous' request ahead of all-British clash [LATEST] Following Tsurenko’s 2-6, 6-2, 6-2 win over world No 23 Vekic, the Croatian refused to offer a handshake as controversy was already brewing. Tsurenko attempted to ignore the surrounding media circus but following her conversation with the WTA chief, had a panic attack and was forced to retire from the tournament. Don't miss... Cam Norrie name-drops Murray as he replicates epic comeback heroics [INTERVIEW] Alcaraz has 'dangerous' element which rival has warned Djokovic about [REACTION] Wawrinka shares reasons he refuses to retire after Murray compliments [LATEST] "He [Simon] expressed confidence that the Russians and Belarusians will return to the Olympics, and said that this will happen exactly as it is happening now in tennis. He also said that 'fair play' and Olympic principles were not violated, but on the contrary, the very fact that they will perform at the Olympics will show that these principles work, that everyone is equal and everyone has the opportunity to perform there." Russian and Belarus players have been permitted to take part in men’s and women’s tour events but without identification of nationality. Tsurenko had previously asked Simon in January for the WTA to replicate the support of the Australian Open, but he “made it clear that there would be no help” as she has now asked for a conference call with the WTA to discuss future support for Ukrainian players. "How can we further understand that our organisation somehow protects our rights?" she continued. "I just don't understand how it happened in this world that such things need to be explained, it is very strange and very painful." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE. 