Wout Weghorst has explained his decision to touch the famous 'This is Anfield' sign before Manchester United's 7-0 defeat at Liverpool on Sunday. The loan striker's controversial gesture has intensified outrage among supporters after United suffered their joint-worst defeat in history. Weghorst has caused fury across the fanbase after footage appearing to show him touching the sign before walking onto the pitch emerged on social media. Many Liverpool players throughout history have touched the sign during the walk-out, but it isn't common practice for opponents to do the same. Especially if they play for United. The 30-year-old has moved quickly to explain his actions on Instagram, claiming that it was an attempt at pre-match mind games against Netherlands compatriot Virgil van Dijk. He wrote: "Normally, I never react on media topics, but for this one, it's worth it because you amazing @manchesterunited fans are important to me. So I just want to clarify the video that is doing the rounds. JUST IN: Erik ten Hag ready to 'cash in on' two Man Utd stars after Liverpool "From the national team, I know that Virgil always touches that sign, and the only intention I had was to stop him touching it and wind him up before the game. "As a child, I always supported FC Twente, and as a proud player now for Manchester United, my dedication to this incredible club can never be questioned. "Sunday was a terrible day for all of us. We are putting everything into making it right in the next weeks. We will bounce back together and achieve our aims this season!" Weghorst had an afternoon to forget in general, with Erik ten Hag hauling him off before the hour mark as his search for a Premier League goal at United continued. Don't miss... Man Utd questioned over Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba decision [LATEST] Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brought back down to earth by ex-Reds star [LATEST] Gary Neville still not convinced by Arsenal due to Arteta match flaws [LATEST] The Dutchman has helped Ten Hag install his playstyle at United, bringing a pressing ability to Old Trafford that was sorely missed with Cristiano Ronaldo leading the line. But he has scored just one goal in 14 starts, missing an abundance of chances, and it has become clear, if it wasn't already, that he isn't a long-term fix. Fans will appreciate goals more than an apology, with Weghorst the latest to take to social media to vow United will bounce back from the thrashing on Merseyside. He could start a 15th successive game since arriving in January against Real Betis on Thursday before Southampton visit M16 on Sunday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here