A Reddit user said a close friend stopped talking to him after he wore a wedding dress at her surprise wedding ceremony. The 19-year-old said he had dressed up as the corpse bride to attend a costume party to celebrate his friend's engagement. Reddit user DanWantsDeath said he had asked for guidance about any costume restrictions and was told he could dress up as he pleased. He and the other guests discovered halfway through the party that the newly-engaged couple would be getting married. DanWantsDeath said he offered to go home and get changed as soon as he found out but he was told by the groom "it was fine since I didn’t know this was the wedding." He said: "I trusted him and followed everyone outside. They got married and everything seemed good. "The reception was just in their house again so everyone just walked back inside and picked up where they left off. I tried talking to my friend and celebrating with her but she kept making excuses to not talk to me. "I assumed it was just because she was tired from the big day and wanted some alone time. I didn’t bother her after that and the party soon ended. JUST IN: Woman's BBL was 'worst pain' and like childbirth but fans say it's the 'best' they've seen "I got home and half an hour passed when my phone started getting notifications. I checked and it was my friend texting me. She was cussing me out and telling me how I ruined her wedding. I was really confused and asked what I did." The bride reportedly told him he had "ruined her wedding" as he should have known not to wear a wedding gown to a wedding. When he pointed out he had not known about the ceremony, and that he asked about getting changed to the groom, he was met with a furious reaction from both newlyweds. The Reddit user continued: "She didn’t respond, but I got a text from her husband. He asked why I would tell her he said it was fine. I told him he said it was fine. "Then he said how I should have changed anyways and it’s my fault that the two are now fighting over this. READ MORE: Man accuses woman of catfishing him - but he was the catfish "I’ve tried texting her that I was sorry and if I had known I wouldn’t have done it. I woke up today and saw her and her husband have blocked me on everything." Reddit users responding to DanWantsDeath's post said he could not be blamed for the mishap as the couple had had plenty of opportunities to let him know not to wear a wedding dress. ANBU_Black_Ops said: "The facts of this are pretty simple. You were told this is a costume party so you wore a costume. "When asked about a theme you were not given any restrictions. They sprung a surprise wedding on you. Once you realized this you asked the groom if you should go home and change and the groom said no. DON'T MISS:My mum says my tops are 'too booby' because I’m a 32DDD [REVEAL]Bride found groom being breastfed by his mother in the toilets  [REPORT]My brother's vegan girlfriend felt discriminated against at my dinner [INSIGHT] "They had multiple chances to get you to change and they didn't take any of them so getting mad with you after the fact doesn't make any sense." User rivertam2985 wrote: "Seriously. OP should back away slowly, then run. I thought the corpse bride idea was pretty funny. He needs to find friends with a better sense of humour." Quiwi07 said: "This 'husband' just has no spine, sorry. "Trying to LIE about a decision he made in goodwill, not knowing that it upset his now wife, is just... I dunno. Sad, I guess. "Also I don't really understand the mentality behind "you ruined my special day" by wearing a costume." And lfcmosalah11 wrote: "Am I losing my mind or did no one else actually read the whole post? It was a costume engagement party and tbh I thought showing up as the Corpse’s Bride was a little funny considering the reason for being there. "You even asked the groom if you should quickly change once you found out they were having a surprise wedding now and he said no. "Your friend needs to learn that when suddenly dumping a surprise on people like this, sometimes things aren’t always perfect 100 percent. Not your fault." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews