Peace lilies have nice leaves, but it’s their flowers what makes people want to own these houseplants. Therefore, it’s always disappointing when they refuse to bloom. Struggling to get her peace lily to bloom, one gardener took to the Mrs Hinch Gardening Tips Facebook page to ask for some advice. Sandra Watson wrote: “My peace lily doesn't flower now, looking for advice to get it flowering again.” Along with the comment, Sandra posted a picture of the houseplant which was placed in the corner of a dark room and it appeared to have healthy green leaves, but no sign of a flower. From the age of the plant to the conditions it is kept in, there are many reasons why a peace lily is not flowering. Taking to the comments section, the majority of gardeners noted that Sandra would start to see her peace lily bloom if she gave it the right amount of sunlight. READ MORE: ‘Kill off’ white mould on houseplants with ‘effective’ 59p staple item Posting a picture of her peace lily, Jean Mcmylor said: “I keep mine in bright indirect sunlight and mines a big boy that flowers all the time.” Aggie Spencer wrote: “Mine didn't flower for at least five years but the leaves were always healthy. I moved it in November so that it’s no where near any heat or indirect light and it's gone mad I've got five flowers and lots of new growth.” Claire Richards said: “I keep my fussy houseplant in indirect sunlight and it seems to thrive and the flowers are blooming non-stop over and over again. I had to separate it into more pots as it grew so big.” Brenda Cole commented: “Bright spot, but out of direct sunlight. It’s guaranteed to make it bloom as it has for the four peace lilies I have.” Don't miss... Kitchen paint colours to avoid that give a ‘cheap and outdated’ look [EXPERT] 8 things to ‘avoid’ cleaning with white vinegar - ‘damages’ appliances [INSIGHT] £1 ‘miracle’ item to remove ‘stubborn’ stains from walls ‘easily’  [TIPS] Jean Quinn recommended: “Try moving it to a window ledge position either east or west facing and if the sun is particularly strong move the plant out of the direct sunlight so the leaves don’t burn.” One of the most common misconceptions about peace lilies is that they hardly need any sun to grow as they are always popping up on lists of the best low-light plants. Giving them low-light is fine if owners just want a compact foliage plant. However, for those who want flowers, though, they’ll have to give the plant some sunlight. Gardeners should look for a place that gets six to eight hours of fairly bright light per day during the growing season. READ MORE: Gardeners share their ‘best’ solutions to get rid of lawn moss Whilst sunlight is important, too much of it should be avoided. It shouldn’t be in direct sunlight for more than two hours a day. For peace lilies that are kept next to windows facing south or west, soften the light by hanging thin curtains. Other Mrs Hinch fans suggested that fertilising peace lilies will encourage them to flower as it keeps the plant from running low on the nutrients it needs to grow flowers. Kim Willis said: “Mine is flowering like mad. I've had it about four months. It's grown to treble the size and since I've bought it I've had eight new flowers on and I've just noticed another four growing. I feed with Baby Bio.” Jill Thompson wrote: “Mine is seven years old. I repot it every few years, liquid feed about every three months and water when the top of the soil feels dry.” As potting soil doesn’t have a steady stream of decaying organic matter to refresh it with nitrogen, phosphorus, calcium, etc, gardeners need regular fertiliser inputs to keep it well-stocked. A little fertiliser during the growing season will go a long way with peace lilies. Owners can stop fertilising the houseplant mid to late autumn. If the leaves wilt and turn brown at the tips shortly after fertilising, gardeners have probably used too much.