A woman has been left devastated after falling victim to an online puppy scam that left her more than £1,000 out of pocket. Stacey Johnson was looking for a pet to keep her company but the chow chow - a luxury pooch know for its thick double coat - was never delivered, leaving her heartbroken. Ms Johnson, in search of a companion after her daughter moved away for university, realised her mistake when she saw the generic image on other websites. The seller also insisted on delivering the puppy to her home in Baltimore, US, rather than collecting it. Ms Johnson told WMAR2: "I said I could actually come and pick the dog up and he said 'you can' - but then he recommended that I would have the puppy delivered because with the puppy delivery, there was going to be all these bells and whistles that would’ve come with the dog." She described sending £512 ($624) to the seller via digital payment network Zelle after being told she would receive the dog's medical certificate, records and registration documents. The mum then paid £829 ($1,000) to cover the insurance policy - but the puppy was never delivered. Ms Johnson was so excited to share the dog with her daughter during her holidays. "I had told her about it and she was so excited that when she comes home this dog was going to be there and then I didn’t get it," she said. Ms Johnson admitted that she didn't spend enough time researching the seller and had later noticed that the pictures of the chow chow pup had been used on other websites. READ MORE: Camilla is chic in sapphire brooch for Commonwealth Day A similar incident in North Carolina saw Alea Taylor scammed out of £205 ($250) when she tried to purchase a dog on Facebook. After seeing a post online claiming puppies needed rehoming for $250, she told ABC: "I saw a post on Facebook. It was a friend of mine and my mum (who) knew who the person was. "They need to be relocated because they were moving into an apartment, and they needed these puppies to be gone by a certain time." She paid the $250 but was then asked by the seller to send another £66 ($80) before she realised the account had been hacked and Taylor had been communicating with a scammer. Better Business Bureau revealed that there were 1,500 puppy scams reported between January and September 2022. The organisation said victims are usually conned out of around £698 ($850) in these types of scams. Scammers often use social media platforms such as Facebook and Instagram to advertise pets, posting fake videos and photos to lure pet-lovers into parting with their money. The fraudsters may also try to get the victim to cover other unforeseen costs such as insurance or vaccinations after they have made the initial payment, according to fraud experts. Facebook, Zelle and Instagram have been approached for comment.  Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews