A shocking video has emerged showing the moment a Ford Fiesta exploded after hitting a lorry during a 100mph police chase. The car, driven by 19-year-old Oliver Clark, was being chased by police in Lincolnshire. Clark failed to stop for officers on the A180 in Cleethorpes shortly after 4.00 am.  Dash cam footage shows Clark’s vehicle losing control, veering off and crashing into the back of a lorry. The Ford Fiesta spins around, hitting one of the police cars chasing him. Officers ran over to the crumbled car to help the critically injured teenager. Clark was placed into a coma for four days after the impact. He attended court with the help of crutches. READ MORE: More people immigrated to UK long-term in 2022 than any other year He admitted to dangerous driving and was sentenced to a year in prison, suspended for two years. Judge John Thackray QC called him "extremely fortunate" and said it was only because of "pure chance" that he survived the collision. One of the brave police officers following the selfish driver sustained minor injuries and shock. PC Sean Hutchinson from the Humberside Police Serious Collision Unit said: "Due to the dangerous manner of Clark’s driving after a fail-to-stop, it was not possible to immediately bring the pursuit to a safe resolution. Don't miss... Fears that UK Cat Killer 'is still out there' with 300 new victims [LATEST] Mass brawl breaks out inside Liverpool gym [LATEST] Drift Partners in Crime cast explained as Sky series drops [LATEST]  "As to do so could have risked endangering the lives of the officers engaged in the pursuit. "Clark then drove at speeds in excess of 100mph up the Barnetby Top slip road and collided with the rear of a 32-tonne lorry which was also heading up the slip road. "The force of the impact was such that the lorry was pushed off the road, coming to rest in trees at the bottom of an embankment. "Officers feared Clark’s car would set alight and risked their own lives to recover him from his car and provide first aid". He added: "Fortunately, the driver of the lorry escaped with minor injuries as did the roads policing officer whose car was hit as Clark’s car rebounded off the rear of the lorry."   