Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff was left bitterly disappointed after an underwhelming Bahrain Grand Prix for his team - and he fears it could be another long season.  The 2023 season commenced on Sunday afternoon and defending champion Max Verstappen stormed to his first victory at the Bahrain International Circuit after starting from pole. Lewis Hamilton battled to a P5 finish, while George Rusell crossed the line in an unsatisfactory seventh place. And Wolff was left frustrated with the lack of pace from the Silver Arrows throughout compared with their rivals Red Bull and Ferrari. Hamilton was 50 seconds behind Verstappen and even Fernando Alonso’s Aston Martin offered more pace than the Mercedes duo. Post-race, Wolff did not hold back on his assessment as he described the season's opening race as 'one of the worst days in racing'. “There was not a single positive thing we can take from this race. We‘re lacking pace,” the Austrian said. JUST IN: George Russell throws in the towel already as Mercedes star makes 'bet' after Bahrain GP “The drivers have to push and that‘s hurting the tyres. Red Bull is on another planet. Aston Martin has the 2nd quickest car. It was a real wake-up call for us.“ While speaking to Sky Sports, Wolff promised "radical" changes and after just one race into the year, he may already be planning to concede the title. "Really not good at all, we were just lacking pace front, right, and centre,” Wolff vented to Sky Sports. "Red Bull is just on a different planet. That is what hurts because they are so far ahead, it reminds me of our best years because we just put a second on everybody else. "That is the benchmark and we have to do one step after the other to come back and we can do that. We can, absolutely we can. I think it needs to be much more radical in the steps than hope for a three tenths upgrade." Post-race, a disgruntled Russell seemed to concede Red Bull would storm to the championship titles again, even adding that their dominance is such that he bets the team can win “every single race this season”. Don't miss... Toto Wolff makes big Mercedes claim in boost to Lewis Hamilton [LATEST] Lewis Hamilton's car may be scrapped halfway through season [LATEST] Lewis Hamilton and George Russell relief - Mercedes 'issues' explained [LATEST] “Red Bull have got this championship sewn up and I don’t think anybody will be fighting with them this year,” Russell said. “They should win every single race this season. With the performance they have got I don’t see anyone challenging them. “Their pace here was weaker than in testing but they have got it easy at the moment and they can do what they like. They might not take every pole – because Ferrari are competitive over one lap – but when it comes to race pace they are in a very strong position.” 