Chicago Fire fans will get to see Jesse Spencer back onscreen in an upcoming episode of season 11 as he returns for the second time following his "difficult decision" to leave after nine seasons. Details of his updated storyline remain unclear after his character moved to Oregon for a new job. Spencer's character Matt Casey will come back to the Dick Wolf drama on NBC during the 18th episode of season 11, as per Variety. He left the popular procedural during the fifth episode of season 10 when his character began a three-year commitment to a new job in the Pacific Northwest. At the time, Jesse detailed the reason behind his shock exit, explaining that he had enjoyed 18 years on TV and needed to "take care of" his family. He had previously starred in Neighbours and played Dr Robert Chase in Fox’s House. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Only last year, Jesse returned to Australia for six months to film a lead role in Disney+'s upcoming series Last Days of the Space Age. At the time of his exit, he revealed that he had actually planned to depart between Chicago Fire's ninth and 10th season, but creator Derek Haas "talked him into staying". He reportedly encouraged him to stay for a "few more episodes" so he could have 200 of them on his resume, reports Us Weekly. In a statement at the time, Jesse said: "It was a difficult decision because I've loved this show from the start." Jesse added: "But there's other things that I would love to do in the future and there's some family that I need to take care of." "I was marking off these milestones and looking to the future ... and it was time," he told PEOPLE. Of his storyline, he admitted: "It felt so organic for me and a perfect full circle and a really reasonable way for Casey to organically leave." Season 11's return will be his second since his exit after he came back temporarily for the season 10 finale. Don't miss... Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] Chicago Fire’s Kelly Severide's exit explained  [LATEST] Chicago Fire’s Carver upsets fans with Kidd and Severide split fears [LATEST] He was seen standing with best friend Kelly Severide (Taylor Kinney) at his wedding to Stella (Miranda Ray Mayo). Jesse's return comes amid Kinney's temporary leave due to a "personal matter". He made his final appearance in February 22's episode of Chicago Fire and his character was written off during March 1's instalment. Kelly has now embarked on an out-of-town arson investigation training program. In another blow for the NBC show, co-creator and co-showrunner Derek Haas also announced their exit at the end of season 11. "I learned everything I know about storytelling, pace, characters, production values, and hiring the best cast, crews, and staffs from Dick Wolf and Peter Jankowski," he told Variety. Speaking in November, Derek said: "As hard as it is to leave a place you love and have called home for over a decade, including incredible support from Universal Television, NBC and CBS, I look forward to building my own brand in entertainment." Chicago Fire airs Wednesdays at 9pm ET on NBC