Earlier this year, fans were devastated to learn The Blacklist would be coming to an end following the release of season 10. While many eagerly anticipate yet dread the finale, lead star James Spader revealed the real reason for the NBC show’s conclusion.   Throughout 10 seasons fans have been on the edge of their seats as they watched the task force work through the blacklist with Raymond ‘Red’ Reddington (played by James Spader). Although he was one of the FBIs Most Wanted Fugitives, he handed himself over but was granted immunity because he offered to help them find other dangerous criminals. As the season draws closer to its finale, fans are eager to see how Red’s story will end as well as those of the agents. Thankfully for viewers, Red’s Spader opened up about the ending as he exposed the real reason for the finale. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail  James shared: “I think if the show went beyond this year, it would turn into a very different show. “And I think that the thing that has been nice about this show was that we’ve never really had a really clear paradigm for the show.” He explained: “Tonally the show shifts a lot from episode to episode, and I think that even the show has taken strange turns. “I suspect that the show, if it went much further, would just become something that would be less recognisable to me,” James added to NBC.  It remains yet to be seen if Red will meet his death and if the task force will disband for good. Fans already got a glimpse of the task force going their separate ways after the investigation resulted in the death of agent Liz Keen (Megan Boone) during the season eight finale. The show returned with a two-year time jump which showed what each of the agents was up to away from their life-threatening roles. Harold Cooper (Harry Lennix) was no longer leading the team and was instead the full-time carer for Liz’s young daughter, Agnes Keen (Katherine Kell). DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [REACTION]The Blacklist’s Reddington issues warning as fan-favourite targeted [INSIGHT]The Blacklist boss confirms who will be 'last man standing' [INSIGHT] A longer-haired Donald Ressler (Diego Klattenhoff) spent his time fixing old cars, however, a flashback later revealed he had relapsed and was batting his addictions. Aram Mojtabai (Amir Arison) co-founded a cybersecurity company which was on the verge of securing a major investment. While Alina Park (Laura Sohn) had got married and returned to law enforcement to train agents for fieldwork. Despite this, the task force eventually re-grouped after Cooper learned Dembe Zuma (Hisham Tawfiq) almost lost his life in an undercover mission.  With the team back together, they were able to reunite with Red and solve Liz’s murder case. While season 10 returned without Aram and Alina, it reintroduced criminal Wujin (Chin Han) and welcomed agent Siya Malik (Anya Banerjee). Siya was able to use her skills to help the task force get to Wujing after revealing she was the daughter of Meera Malik (Parminder Nagra), an agent who was killed in season one. Although she joined the task force to work, Siya also wants to get close to Red because she believes he knows more about her mother’s death. The Blacklist season 10 continues Sundays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.  