Chelsea co-owner Todd Boehly is reportedly one of only a few members of the board who wants to give Graham Potter more time in charge with the Blues boss facing increasing pressure to turn things around quickly. Just one league win in 2023 from nine matches has seen Chelsea drop to 10th in the table and the Champions League remains the only competition they're still in. But a 1-0 defeat to Borussia Dortmund in the first leg of their last 16 tie has put Chelsea on the brink of elimination. Last weekend's defeat to London rivals Tottenham further compounded the issues Potter is facing at Chelsea. The former Brighton boss faced tough questions in his press conference after the match, admitting he "hasn't done enough at this club to have too much good faith". Despite the dismal results and growing pressure, Potter has avoided the chop with the Blues board seemingly willing to give him a chance to turn things around. But the mood at board level appears to have changed this week heading into Chelsea's next match against Leeds. According to the Daily Mail, a number of club officials have doubts on whether Potter 'has the authority to turn round' the poor run of form.  The board are said to be 'split' on whether to stick with Potter moving forward, although Potter reportedly has the backing of Boehly for the time being. It's claimed the American billionaire feels a change in management would set the club back even further. Boehly reportedly feels the number of changes with 16 new signings made as well as the new owners settling should allow Potter more time. Back when Potter was hired to replace Thomas Tuchel in September, Chelsea indicated that they were aiming to move away from the former regime's gung-ho approach in sacking managers on a regular basis. He said at the time: "We look forward to supporting him, his coaching team and the squad in realising their full potential in the coming months and years." Potter knows the pressure is on to turn things around in his favour between now and the end of the season.  He admitted in his pre-match press conference looking ahead to this weekend's match against Chelsea that he had spoken with the board. "There is support and, of course, I've spoken to them. But I'm not going to hide behind that," he said. "The results haven't been good enough for us and I'm responsible for that. When you're a coach, if the results are good you accept the criticism and noise that comes with it. "My job is to stay with the team, stay focused, try to prepare the team as well as I can, and win the game tomorrow."