They found two horrific videos of the attack filmed at Parker's home in Great Gonerby, Lincolnshire. The first video, which was 27 seconds long, showed Parker repeatedly prodding a knife at Mr Nibbles as he sat inside a hamster ball and then cutting the animal in half while he was still alive. Lincolnshire Crown Court heard how the second video showed Parker holding a bottle of water as she ate the pet. Gordon Holt, prosecuting, said: "The two videos seen on social media showed the defendant with a hamster in a hamster ball. The defendant is holding the ball with a knife in the other hand. She takes the knife and plunges it through the opening of the ball moving the knife from side to side. "A spectator is heard laughing and says 'you are a sick b****** you are.' The hamster can be heard repeatedly squealing, it is allowed to escape and runs around for a while. The defendant attempts to strike it with the knife, successfully at least once. She pinches its neck to keep it still. It’s still alive and she uses the knife in a chopping and sawing motion over the middle of the hamster's body." A second video shows her eating the pet.READ MORE: Teacher orders children to flee after spotting snake in classroom  In a police interview, Parker admitted the woman in the video was her, but claimed she was helping the hamster to die after it had been bitten by one of her dogs earlier that day. The court heard how she refused to name those filming the footage. A vet with 27 years' experience who watched the footage said the content was deeply disturbing and that Mr Nibbles would have suffered both physical and psychological damage as hamsters are prey animals who can feel fear. She added she had had never heard a hamster squeal like Mr Nibbles had before his death. Parker admitted one charge of causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal. The court also heard how she had been the subject of community orders in 2021 and 2022 for shoplifting. She also had a long history of addiction to Class A drugs. Passing sentence, Judge James House KC told Parker he had to take into account that Parliament had raised the maximum sentence for such animal cruelty from six months to five years imprisonment. Chris Brewin in mitigation said Parker had been cuckooed by a drug dealer who lived nearby and she was "under their instruction" when the video was filmed. Speaking after the case, RSPCA inspector Andy Bostock told MailOnline: "We share the public's revulsion at this horrific incident and we'd like to thank the police for their support in this investigation. This type of cruelty has no place in today's society and was a heartless vicious attack on a defenceless animal. "It has been upsetting and disturbing for everyone who has been involved in this case." After the RSPCA first became aware of the video, a spokesperson said: "This is an extremely upsetting video and we'd like to reassure the public that we are investigating and working closely with the police. Please do not share it or comment on it as it increases the chances of other people seeing it and being distressed." The case has now concluded.