Security forces in Brussels have launched a manhunt after reports a woman entered a police station wearing a "suicide vest." According to Belgian media reports the woman presented herself at around 9 a.m. on Monday at the reception of a police station in rue de Brabant, in Brussels. According to local reports, the woman is said to have been wearing a black jacket under which she wore what looked like a coloured bulletproof vest with "black electric wires sticking out," reports Sudinfo.be. The suspect is reported to have appeared out of breath and entered the reception area of the police station before immediately fleeing the scene. She is described as having dark curly hair and wearing black jeans and ankle boots in addition to her black jacket which was suspected of concealing a potential explosive device. Police in Brussels are on high alert had an investigation is underway, according to a spokesperson for the Brussels North police Audrey Dereymaeker said: "A female person returned around 9 a.m. to the reception of the police station on rue de Brabant. "She behaved suspiciously. The investigation is ongoing. The analysis of the images is in progress." Brussels Police have warned the public against approaching the suspect. It comes after the European Commission received two threatening emails about a potential explosion on the Brussels city metro. Following the alerts last week, Belgian authorities said they had taken the threat seriously, but after sweeping the Brussels underground line, they found nothing suspicious. The US embassy in Belgium also issued a security alert about a possible metro attack on the same day but advised people to be cautious when travelling in and around Brussels and avoid crowds.  There is no suggestion these separate incidents are connected. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express