Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been warned they "will be booed" by the British public if they choose to attend King Charles's Coronation this summer. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have faced mounting criticism since stepping down from duties two years ago. Political commentator Nigel Farage has since revealed he does not want them to return. He told Fox News: "We are sick to the back teeth of these whinging couple. "This couple forever tells us they want privacy whilst they do Netflix, and write films. We are sick to death of them. "I very much hope they don't come to the Coronation. "If they do, the people in the streets of London will boo them and I am delighted that American public opinion is catching up. READ MORE: Prince Andrew told US 'not dumping ground for royals' as he eyes move  "Hopefully in a couple of years time, nobody will want to hear a single word they have to say." However, the royal couple may use their return to the UK to host a party at Frogmore Cottage during King Charles's coronation in May. The event coincides with their son, Archie Harrison's birthday on May 6. Today Show royal correspondent Natalie Oliveri pointed out the couple celebrated Lilibet Diana's birthday during the Queen's Platinum Jubilee last summer and went on to release a portrait of her. She said: "They're also being encouraged to not pull any stunts during the coronation and really stick to the plan. "I think their appearance at the Coronation will be very similar to that of the Queen's Platinum Jubilee last year. "We might see them at one or two events but largely they will be kept in the shadows because they don't want to take away from the historical event. "It's also Archie's birthday too so they might host a little party at Frogmore Cottage like they did with Lilibet." DON'T MISS Prince Harry's apology demand from brother and King 'delusional' [ANALYSIS]Kate uses special phrase to keep George, Charlotte and Louis in line [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan to be evicted from Frogmore Cottage [VIDEO] It comes as a royal expert has claimed King Charles would "insist" that Harry and Meghan are "respectful" of the Royal Family if they want the titles for their children. While William's title in the line of succession as the Prince of Wales has been swiftly added with his children now listed as "of Wales", Archie and Lili's has not changed. They are technically now a prince and a princess because their grandfather has become King, but it has not been confirmed by Meghan Markle and Prince Harry or Buckingham Palace whether they will use the titles. Royal expert Katie Nicholl has claimed Archie and Lili will not get the titles if Charles follows the European-style monarchy. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews