David Coulthard has disagreed with Lewis Hamilton and George Russell’s thoughts on Mercedes' chances for 2023. The former McLaren F1 driver claims the Silver Arrows could still become the second-best team on the grid behind Red Bull. Hamilton and Russell appeared to write off the team's chances of success after a disappointing Bahrain Grand Prix. It comes after Mercedes boss Toto Wolff demanded the team change direction on their 2023 concept. When asked what Wolff’s mindset would be after Hamilton finished P5, Coulthard told Channel 4: “I think it would have confirmed that relative to the winning car. Max won that at an absolute canter. Relative to are they in the fight to be best of the rest? Well potentially. “Potentially they are. Okay, Leclerc didn't finish but it's not as bad as they’d stated after qualifying.” Mercedes have lacked pace to the frontrunners since the start of pre-season testing despite getting on top of their porpoising issues. READ MORE: Toto Wolff gives view on finding Lewis Hamilton replacement The German manufacturer was still unable to match the pace of Max Verstappen and Red Bull. But, more concerningly, the team appears to have fallen back behind Ferrari and Aston Martin in the development race. Hamilton explained: “I was just sliding around, I couldn't turn, I had so much understeer at the beginning. I took so much wing out. I couldn't get around some of the corners and I just couldn't keep up with the guys ahead. “My middle stint was good and at the end I was so close to catching Carlos [Sainz], but not good enough.” DON'T MISSGeorge Russell's throwaway Lewis Hamilton comment hints at main issue [INSIGHT]George Russell gives up on F1 world title already after Bahrain GP [ANALYSIS]Christian Horner gives Lewis Hamilton title view after Mercedes issues [COMMENT] However, when asked if the team took any inspiration from his battle with Sainz, Hamilton added: “We definitely cannot fight them at the moment. They were much quicker than us today, as were the Astons. So we are the fourth fastest team now as opposed to the third last year. “Yeah, we have gone backwards. We really have a lot of work to do to try and close that gap.” Russell was also in a reflective mood as he suggested Red Bull could have enough of an advantage to win every race in 2023. He also revealed Mercedes lacked speed compared to Ferrari and Aston Martin in the fight for P2. He commented: “We had a good battle at points but both of us were on the back foot and were helpless when you are lacking a couple of tenths compared to the cars around you. "You are trying your best to battle with them but you can't hold them up. I think Fernando and Lance were really strong, Carlos was maybe on a slightly more level playing field but it was just a really difficult race for us."