China's enhanced naval capabilities are "rapidly shifting" the balance of power away from the US, warned one military analyst. Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer, told Express.co.uk that China's battleships now outnumber those of the US and it doesn't intend to close the gap as it sets its sights on taking Taiwan. The military analyst said: "The balance of power when it comes to the US versus China’s Naval forces is rapidly shifting in China’s favour, especially when it comes to China's ability to project power in its perceived sphere of influence in the Indo-Pacific." Koffler continued: "China already possesses the largest navy force in the world, having between 340-360 battle force ships (depending on how you count). "Comparatively, the US has 285 deployable battle force ships and this number is projected to grow to 297. "China has been modernising its navy since the 1990s and has outbuilt everyone, including the US Navy, and UK Royal Navy." READ MORE: US-China 'proxy war' likely as military expert predicts exact Taiwan invasion date And Beijing does not intend to lose its lead: it's expected to be 400 ship-strong by 2025. But it’s not just about the quantity, notes Koffler. "China has been conducting larger and more comprehensive exercises including live-fire combat drills in the East China Sea near Taiwan and South China Sea, exhibiting a very aggressive posture," the military analyst explained. She continued: "China is preparing to fight and win the battle over Taiwan, including facing off with the US Navy. From this standpoint, the US must step up its game, when it comes to our Navy Fleet." DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry eviction just the start as 'new Sheriff in town' [INSIGHT]What Alex Murdaugh said as he was handed two life sentences [LATEST]Police officer, 32, shot dead in front of kids playing outside [REPORT] Koffler cited a new classified report that indicates the US Navy is projecting the need for 373 battle force ships to meet future war-fighting demands. However, it is not clear to Koffler how the US can achieve this goal, let alone match China's target. Other military experts have sounded the alarm over the US' increasing naval disadvantage. Sam Tangredi, a professor of national, naval, and maritime strategy at the US Naval War College, told The Sun that America is “coasting” as China powers ahead. READ MORE: China ready for 'next level' tactics after US shoots down suspected spy balloon He said: “The US has already been a global navy power. Elites assume that the future is going to be the same as the past. “Even if you have a slight technological advantage and the intelligence networks are tied together, there will be a certain point when the enemy’s force is so much larger that the equation cannot be overturned. "Some [experts] have said that China will have around 400 ships by 2030 and the US will be stuck at around 280." In a previous interview with Express.co.uk, Koffler said China could make a move as soon as 2024. In the event of an invasion, Koffler predicts the US would likely employ the same strategy as it has with regard to the Russia-Ukraine conflict - supplying the necessary military hardware to Taiwan. "Depending on Washington and Beijing’s political will to use diplomacy and deterrence statecraft to prevent escalation and keep the conflict below the threshold of a direct military confrontation between China and the US, we may or may not see an all out war," warned the military analyst. "Probably and hopefully not, because neither side wants it, however neither side wants to compromise its security and policy objectives."