Unforgotten is back on ITV and it introduced Sinéad Keenan as DCI Jessica James. The detective drama also features some A-list guest stars, including Pollyanna star, Hayley Mills. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who she is married to. Hayley Mills, 76, is the daughter of famous actors Sir John Mills and Mary Hayley Bell. She comes from a very famous family with her younger sister being actress Juliet Mills. The star began her acting career as a child and she won a BAFTA Award for Most Promising Newcomer for her performance in the film Tiger Bay. She is also known for her roles in Disney's Pollyanna and The Parent Trap. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' The star was married to director Roy Boulting, having appeared in a number of his projects. She appeared alongside her father in his critically acclaimed film The Family Way. Mills began a romantic relationship with Boulting and they married in 1971. She went on to make a series of other films for him, including the horror thriller Twisted Nerve.   When the pair first met, Mills was 20 years old and Boulting was 53 years old. They went on to have a son, Crispian Mills, who is the lead singer and guitarist for the band Kula Shaker. The couple divorced in 1977, with Boulting telling the Daily Mail he always considered Mills “the great love of my life". Mills had a second son, Jason Lawson, during another relationship with actor Leigh Lawson, but they split up in the early 1980s.  Don't miss... Endeavour's DS Jakes return as fans fear Joan Thursday will die [INTERVIEW] Unforgotten's Sinéad Keenan shares the 'blessing' of joining series [INSIGHT] Unforgotten's Sinead Keenan pays tribute to Sunny Khan co-star  [INTERVIEW] In 1997 she formed a relationship with actor and writer Firdous Bamji. Bamji is 20 years her junior and she was quoted in Yours as saying: "My long-time partner is Indian- born actor Firdous Bamji. "We met when we toured America in the title roles of The King and I; starting off as friends and then it became more – the best way don’t you think?" During his final years as an undergraduate, he began acting at Columbia's first professional theatre, Trustus.  He is known for his roles in A Disappearing Number, Law & Order and The Sixth Sense. The actor has also narrated more than 20 audiobooks. He had previously been married to Erin Thigpen, with the pair tying the knot in 1990. They divorced five years later in 1995. Unforgotten airs on Mondays on ITV at 9pm. 