Ricky Gervais, 61, didn’t hold back when viewers begged for him to take over as host of the 2023 Academy Awards. The British comedian, whose five stints as host of the Golden Globes have earned him a reputation for taking aim at Hollywood stars with hilarious results, responded to a fan who “wished” he was fronting the Oscars tonight. The Twitter user in question had shared a clip of Gervais brutally mocking celebrities at the Golden Globes, alongside the caption: “RT if you wish @rickygervais was hosting the #Oscars tonight.” However, the After Life creator and actor was quick to dismiss the request with an X-rated retort. “F*** that,” Ricky simply responded, alongside a crying with laughter emoji. Fans rushed to the comments section of Ricky’s reaction in an attempt to convince The Office writer to change his mind. READ MORE... Eva Longoria and Ana de Armas lead stars in jaw-dropping Oscars looks One wrote: “Maybe not fun for you, or the attendees, but comedy gold for the rest of us.”  Another added: “Come on Ricky! With such a calm social climate. We need you to stir things up a little. What could go wrong?!”  A third agreed: “It would actually be worth while watching if you did it.”  “Do a monologue anyway. Air it at the same time and compare the views,” a fourth Twitter user suggested. A fifth fan commented: “I don’t watch the Oscars anymore however if you returned as host I would definitely tune in.” Earlier on Sunday night, Ricky reminded fans of one of his jaw-dropping jibes at the Golden Globes. In the clip from the ceremony, the comedian told the cheering crowd of Hollywood stars: “Shut up, you disgusting, pill-popping sexual deviant scum.” “Enjoy the Oscars,” Ricky tweeted alongside the throwback video. Don't miss... Star Trek's William Shatner says 'I don't have long to live' [COMMENT] Denise Welch accuses celebs of betrayal over lack of public support [OPINION] Gene Hackman in very rare outing as he's seen for first time in years [PICS] Although he didn't make as many scandalous jokes as Gervais did at the Globes, Oscars 2023 host Kimmel refused to shy away from addressing some controversial subjects. During his opening monologue, Kimmel didn't hesitate in mentioning last year's most outrageous moment from the Academy Awards, when audiences were stunned as Will Smith slapped Chris Rock across the face. Will shouted at Chris to "keep my wife's name out of your f**king mouth" during the ceremony in 2022. The explosive moment came after Chris made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith's shaved head. Kimmel quipped to the Hollywood audience seated in the Dolby Theatre: "We want you to feel safe, most importantly we want me to feel safe ... so we have strict policies in place. "If anyone in this theater commits an act of violence during this show, you will be awarded the Oscar for best actor and permitted to give a 19-minute long speech." The comedian went on to swipe: "The academy has a crisis team in place. "If anything unpredictable and violent happens during the ceremony, just do what you did last year – nothing."