Fans of broadcaster Ken Bruce were left emotional as he aired his final show for BBC Radio 2. Along with the tidal wave of online tributes, one listener hailed Ken for his work on the radio station. Ken, 71, has been with on his mid-morning radio show since 1992. Today (March 3) marked the end of an era as Ken bowed out from BBC Radio 2 for good with many tributes pouring in. During the 30 seconds of shoutouts following Ken’s musical quiz, listener Anna told him: “I feel like I’ve just won by being on today and the T-shirt is fabulous, I kind of wanted that anyway.” She went on to hail Ken, saying: “Especially thanks to you Ken for being such a warm and funny friend to the nation and being soundtrack of our lives for the last however many years, for 30-odd years.” Ken responded: “Very, very kind of you and thank you so much.” READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error The touching moment was just one of many as Ken told listeners: “I’ve had such fun, such a laugh.” As he prepared to bid farewell, Ken said: “I just to want to say thank you to anyone who has contributed in any small way.” Adding: “Thank you to particularly to the Ken Bruce Preservation Society”, who had gifted him a bottle of Baileys for his last show. Ken admitted he had even been tempted to crack open the bottle during the ninth song in his show but decided against it. He went on to say: “Thanks to all who have sent messages of congrats or good riddance.” His last track was Golden Slumbers by The Beatles and after the song concluded, he quoted some of the lyrics: "And in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make - and I have loved being here with you." Ken then added: "Thanks so much and may we meet again somewhere." Along with messages of support, many listeners were speculating about the hidden meaning behind some of the song choices on the show. Ken began his show with P!nk’s Trustfall, which some seemed to interpret as a dig at the BBC for ending his show. The Scottish broadcaster first launched his career with the BBC back in 1978 on BBC Radio 4 Scotland as an announcer. He also presented Nightbeat before moving to a mid-morning slot with the station in 1980. During the 1980s he also hosted on the BBC World Service and it was in 1986 when he first started hosting the mid-morning slot on BBC Radio 2 for four years. He then again hosted in this slot from 1992 until 2023 and is now going to be joining Greatest Hits Radio. He previously posted on Twitter: “I will be presenting my last show on Radio 2 next Friday. “I had intended fulfilling my contract until the end of March but the BBC has decided it wants me to leave earlier. Let’s enjoy the week ahead!” Many fans have slammed the decision to axe Ken’s show after so many years amid an ageism row which saw him leaving earlier than expected.