A new study by Snuff Store analysed the percentage of the population that smoke, the obesity rate, the life expectancy, the litres of alcohol drunk per year, the percentage of the population reporting chronic depression, the number of doctors per 1,000 people and the percentage of the population that are inefficiently physically active to determine the European country where British expats can enjoy the healthiest lifestyle. After carefully analysing the health factors, the research revealed that Sweden is the healthiest country in Europe. Sweden ranked first with the "highest quality of life" but data also showed it is also one of the "healthiest countries". The nation has the lowest number of smokers in Europe, the second-highest life expectancy of 83 and very low obesity rates. Sweden was followed by Finland, another Scandinavian country, which also has very low smoking and obesity rates. READ MORE: 'Little gem' crowned Britain's best beach for staycations In Finland, the life expectancy is 82 with only 16 percent of the population being insufficiently active, according to WHO. Moldova is the third healthiest country in Europe due to its low obesity rates and Belarus followed with one of the lowest levels of physical inactivity. Other European countries where British expats will enjoy a healthy lifestyle are Norway, Iceland, Switzerland, France and Belgium. The national website Sweden.se recently shared some important "things to know before moving" for those considering relocating to the country.  One of their top recommendations was to "learn Swedish" as it is "crucial to full integration" and advised joining the SFI courses (Swedish for immigrants). Swedish are informal with names, it explained. "Your doctor, your university professor, your economic advisor – they will all address you by first name and expect you to do the same in conversation." The site also revealed that British living in the country should always take off their shoes before entering private residences in Sweden. It also warned that "winters are cold and dark" due to "some northern parts of the country being above the Arctic Circle" where they only get three hours of sunlight per day. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' "Drinking tap water is the norm in Sweden" as the water is clean and fresh and July is the slowest month for the Swedish as most people take time off during this month which is statistically the country's warmest month. A spokesperson from Snuff Store explained: “The focus on health and lifestyle has been at the forefront of conversation for a while now, as much of the continent has seen obesity rates rising as people become less active and taking up unhealthy habits. "It’s clear to see that in healthier nations there is more activity, less smoking and drinking and thus, in most cases, lower levels of depression. "In Scandinavia, the low levels of smoking can be partly put down to the availability of smokeless nicotine products that have helped bring smoking levels down and thus medical issues associated with cigarettes. "Overall Europe has some clear health indicators that give insight into the consistent work that Governments are doing to create healthier nations. However, there is still plenty of action that people can take to increase their personal health and live longer and better lives.”