Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been told they are “more of a punchline then rich” despite being “viral”. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have stayed in the headline since stepping down from the Royal Family in 2020, but especially lately following the release of Harry’s memoir ‘Spare’. But royal commentator and author Daniela Elser said Harry and Meghan are not famous enough to “translate” their media buzz into “effortless professional success”. “When Harry released his guided missile of a tell-all Spare in January, the Jimmy Kimmel show first did a sketch mocking the altercation between the duke and brother Prince William with two actors dressed up as the singer Prince,” she noted. “This would all be a bit of a giggle – the foibles, scandals and extramarital shenanigans of the royal family having long been juicy fodder for comedians and sketch writers – if it wasn’t for the fact that the Sussexes’ are starting to look less like power players and much more like a punchline.” Writing in the New Zealand Herald, Elser added: “For one thing, the US does not seem to like them all that much. “Polling done after the release of Spare and Harry’s myriad TV appearances found that more Americans have an unfavourable view of the two of them than favourable. “What is so surprising is that while they might be the most famous people in the world not on TikTok (or occupying the White House) that fame has not translated into effortless professional success, untold riches and swanning about with society darlings.” READ MORE: Sussexes fiercely defended over ‘cruel’ Frogmore eviction  It comes after the Duke and Duchess were asked to vacate their old home, Frogmore Cottage. "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage,” they said. “Harry and Meghan have until early summer to vacate,” a source also told author Omid Scobie in his report for Yahoo! News. “Initially, they were given just weeks, but now they have at least until after the coronation." A friend of the couple also told Scobie: “It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. “It’s like (the family) wants to cut them out of the picture for good.” The estate, which is a five-minute walk from Windsor Castle, was described as the Sussexes' "only sufficiently secure refuge in the country" in their six-part Netflix docu-series.