 Despite being the second longest-reigning British monarch, Queen Victoria was not universally admired. The Queen faced protests during her reign and, on eight occasions, some took a more extreme approach to letting their feelings be known. Victoria was the target of a staggering eight separate assassination attempts during her 63-year reign, the last of which was made by Roderick Maclean on March 2, 1882 — 141 years ago today — and finally prompted the Queen, who had survived similar cases over a span of 40 years, to insist on a change in the law. Roderick Maclean, a Scotsman, came from a respectable family who, according to the Penny Illustrated Paper, a London weekly newspaper that ran from 1861 to 1913, had gotten fed up with his “irregular and eccentric” behaviour and long ago “turned him off, allowing him a very small weekly pittance”. He began wandering the streets of England, moving from town to town living in “Westeron-super-Mare, Croydon, Brighton, Southsea and finally Windsor”. During these years, Maclean was confined in the Wells Lunatic Asylum at Somersetshire and, before that, he reportedly spent time in a Dublin asylum. Dr Barrie Charles, author and historical researcher, claimed Maclean “gradually grew more desperate as his family reduced the weekly amounts that they sent to him by postal order”. READ MORE: Queen Victoria's 'agitation' and hitting out at 'foolish nonsense' of royal wedding rules Writing for his website, Dr Charles explained an apparent royal rejection led to a radical decision. “Roderick was offended when a lady-in-waiting rejected a poem that he had sent to the Queen,” the author wrote. “He was a republican sympathiser, directing his anger at the monarch, and whilst in Portsmouth sold his scarf and concertina to raise enough money to buy a revolver. He walked to Windsor.” Accompanied by her fifth daughter and youngest child Princess Beatrice, Queen Victoria travelled from Buckingham Palace, where she had held a drawing room, back to Windsor. When Victoria arrived at Windsor Station, she was greeted by crowds of well-wishers who had gathered to get a glimpse of their Queen. A report in the Penny Illustrated Paper read: “The train left Paddington at ten minutes to five, arriving at the Windsor station punctually at twenty-five minutes past five. The Queen remained in the carriage a few minutes after it had stopped, and then walked across the platform through the waiting-room to the royal carriage waiting in the station yard. “The carriage, which was drawn by a couple of grey ponies, was closed, the weather being very cold. Her Majesty and Princess Beatrice having taken their seats, the outrider started on his way to the castle, and the crowd left the platform for the station yard in order to see her Majesty drive past. While cheers were being raised by the bystanders a man, who was standing at the gateway of the yard, deliberately raised a pistol and fired at her Majesty’s carriage, which was 15 yards distant.” Fortunately, the shot missed. The carriage windows, which had been down, were swiftly drawn up and the royals were hastily whisked off to the safety of Windsor Castle. Meanwhile, Maclean was seized by Chief Superintendent Hayes of the Borough Police, according to a 1921 report in the Birmingham Gazette, and the revolver was “wrenched from his grasp by someone in the crowd”. Other accounts, however, claim “the weapon was a mere toy,” with the Lichfield Mercury insisting “the life of the beloved monarch was not seriously endangered”. Windsor Station, which is just one mile away from Eton College, was brimming with schoolboys at the time of the attempt. Dr Charles claimed: “Two of them took the opportunity to hit him over the head with their umbrellas before Roderick was hustled away.”  Upon his arrest, a letter was found among Maclean’s possessions — dated March 2, 1882, and addressed to no one. “I should not have done this crime had you, as you should have done, allowed the 10s. per week instead of offering the insultingly small sum of 6s per week, and expected me to live on it,” he wrote. “So you perceive the great good a little money might have done, had you not treated me as a fool and set me more than ever against those bloated aristocrats ruled by the old lady, Mrs. Vic, who is a licensed robber in all senses.” He noted a possible reason for his assassination attempt, saying his grievances had not been respected, “such as the pecuniary straits in which I have been situated”. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry leaves audience in stitches during latest TV interview [LATEST]Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan won't 'feel safe in UK' without Frogmore [SPOTLIGHT] Shortly after his arrest, on April 20, Maclean’s trial took place. Given the public aspect of his attempt, his trial generated a lot of interest. It was held at the Reading Assizes and reportedly had the town in a “flutter of excitement”; large crowds gathered to watch the judges and officials enter the building before the trial began. As the Sheffield Daily Telegraph reported: “The entrances to the court were early besieged by a crowd who sought admittance, but all who did not possess passes were rigidly excluded. The court-house itself is not large, but it is a neat and commodious structure, with galleries round three sides of the building. “The gallery to the right of the judges was wholly occupied by ladies fashionable dressed and furnished with opera-glasses, while others were accommodated with seats on the bench. A profuse display of primroses indicated the political proclivities of a number of the audience.” Maclean was charged with high treason, “and this time the authorities took no chances in ensuring that he was found not guilty on the grounds of insanity, thereby ensuring that he could be locked away for the rest of his life,” wrote Dr Charles. The Glasgow Evening Citizen reported: “The charge against the prison was of the most aggravated kind, he having directly attempted to compass the life of Her Majesty.” Maclean pleaded “not guilty” when he was brought into the courtroom and maintained he never intended to harm the Queen, claiming he only wanted to “alarm the public”. Detailing the facts of the case, however, The Glasgow Evening Citizen said: “The prisoner appeared to have taken advantage of seeing Her Majesty sitting inside the open window of the carriage, and firing the pistol directly towards the carriage in which the Queen was sitting, and the bullet was found in a direct line with carriage. "Apparently the crime had been one of premeditation, prisoner having purchased days before the pistol and ammunition to commit the crime, and a document in his possession showed his intention to commit the deed.”  Maclean lived out his remaining days at Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum (now known as Broadmoor Hospital), a psychiatric hospital in Crowthorne, Berkshire. However, the verdict did not sit well with the Queen, who asked for a change in English law so that those implicated in similar cases would be considered as “guilty, but insane”; this led to the Trial of Lunatics Act 1883. As with the seven prior attempts on her life, Victoria appeared to be largely undeterred by Maclean’s plot to kill. Recalling the incident in her journal, the Queen wrote: “...there was a sound, of what I thought, was an explosion from the engine, but in another moment, I saw people rushing about”. She continued: “I then realised that it was a shot, which must have been meant for me.”  While the monarch seemed relatively unphased by the attempt, the valiant efforts of the two Eton boys did not go unnoticed. Victoria expressed her gratitude just days later. The school was invited to Windsor Castle and the boys — Gordon Wilson and Leslie Murray Robertson — stood beside the monarch as an address was made: “We…express our indignation and abhorrence at the late dastardly and treasonable attempt against your Majesty’s sacred person, – our sincere congratulations on the merciful preservation of your Majesty’s life…” In response, the Queen said: “…I trust that the feelings of loyalty and devotion which you have shown to me and to my family will never diminish, and that you will hereafter uphold, as your predecessors have ever done, the honour and glory of this ancient kingdom.” In June 1921, almost 40 years after the attempt, Roderick Maclean died at Broadmoor aged 67. He had suffered from apoplexy, which formerly referred to what is now called a stroke.