TLC viewers first met Geno when he weighed a staggering 684lbs as cameras filmed his year-long weight loss journey with his "best friend" Nico. Despite all odds, the pair managed to slash the pounds and now appear to live much healthier lifestyles. My 600lb Life showed Geno and Nico at their heaviest as they did everything it took to lose weight in order to have life-changing surgery. It was during the hit-TV programme's season 10 that Geno was filmed explaining how he piled on the pounds from around the age of six. "We're a very close family," he said in confessional. During their first appearance, Geno said: "Us being an Italian family means when we eat, we eat in abundance and we enjoy each other." READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks He explained: "That's just how we come together, we always make food for each other. Food was always the glue, and there was an abundance of relatives too. "Lots of cousins, uncles and aunts. But the cousin I've always been closest with my whole life has been Nico." Appearing on camera for the first time, Nico said: "Growing up me and Geno, everyone always thought we were twins. We do look a lot alike and we've always been hefty. "We've always been by each other's side, like he's my best friend, I love him. He's always been my best friend. My wingman." Detailing how they managed to reach such heavy weights, Geno explained: "Nico and I would have eating contests and stuff like that. "Between that and all the eating we did as a family, I got to 100lbs by the time I was six. So by the time I was eight-years-old I was 150lbs. "When my parents got a divorce, it was definitely hard on me, food brought me comfort. "By the time I was in the fourth grade I was already 200lbs. The only constant was food and by the time I was 13 I weighed almost 300lbs." Don't miss... Gary Lineker's 'insulting' Nazi remark ripped apart by Angela Rippon [LATEST] Sister Wives' Janelle Brown flaunts 100lb weight loss transformation [LATEST] 1000lb Sisters fans convinced Amy and husband are back together [LATEST] But by the end of their time on the show, despite not having any surgery as of yet, Geno managed to lose 263lbs and Nico slashed 129lbs. It appears the pair have kept up their new, much healthier lifestyle as they look totally different in recent snaps shared on their social media. Posing for pictures on his Facebook page, Geno appears almost unrecognisable in one shot seemingly taken over the festive period. Wearing Christmas clothing, he appears much slimmer as he poses alongside Nico in another picture, both looking worlds away from their first TV appearance. According to LinkedIn, Geno appears to be working too as his page indicates he is a chef at a local restaurant – he also appears to be in a relationship. Viewers could get to see updates on the pair's weight loss should they appear in a 'Where are they now?' episode. My 600-Lb Life is now in its 11th series and is similar to that of other TLC programmes including 1000lb Sisters and 1000lb Best Friends. My 600lb Life airs Wednesdays on TLC in the USA.