Meghan Markle and Kate, Princess of Wales shared similar experiences when they married royals, according to a new book. Tom Quinn's Gilded Youth: An Intimate History of Growing Up in the Royal Family has provided some insight into the struggles both Meghan and Kate had to deal with as they handled royal rules and protocol for the first time. A staff member at Kensington Palace claims in the book that while Kate succeeded in charming the royals, Meghan struggled with being "controlled" by the establishment. They were both treated in a "slightly condescending way" as they were not of royal blood, something which Meghan found "disappointing". The worker said: "I don't think in the whole of history there was ever a greater divide between what someone expected when they became a member of the royal family and what they discovered it was really like. She was hugely disappointed." However, the staff member says Kate was much better at dealing with it because she "does not have Meghan's messianic tendencies" and won people over with her charm. The staff member's views were echoed by one of Meghan's former advisors, who claims: "Meghan hated being controlled by royal protocol." They added: "The fact, for example, that at Kensington Palace royals have to announce in advance when they are leaving the palace and where they are going. ""This is partly for security but partly also to avoid a situation where a senior royal is upstaged by a more junior royal leaving just when the more important person leaves." READ MORE: Charles will pretend Harry and Meghan 'do not exist' as feud rages on  Meghan reportedly found these rules "silly", even though the Palace deems the protocol "absolutely essential". The former advisor said: "I think Charles agreed with Meghan on many points - he thought much of the protocol was silly, but it is hard to change. "William has bought into it, which is why George and Louis and Charlotte are so conventional and look like something out of the 1950s.  "Meghan wants something different from this for her children - she wants American freedom to do and say what you like and go where you like." Don't miss... Kate & Meghan wowed in cool style trend but accessorised differently [LATEST] Inside Royal Lodge - Prince Andrew's £30m home  [REVEAL] Will and Kate's Taj Mahal photo conveys 'different romantic story'  [SPOTLIGHT] Since stepping down from working royal duties in 2020 the Sussexes have relocated to Montecito in California, where they are raising their two children Archie and Lilibet. It was revealed last week that the couple have had to vacate their UK home Frogmore Cottage, which has been their base in this country since 2019. King Charles is said to have asked them to leave 24 hours after Harry's memoir Spare was published, with some claiming Prince Andrew had been offered the house instead. However it was reported today that Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank would be living at Frogmore at least temporarily.