Recent intelligence has led US officials to suggest a pro-Ukraine group, consisting of likely Ukrainian or Russian nationals, was potentially responsible for the attack on the Nord Stream pipelines that occurred last year. However, the intelligence gathered was inconclusive, and no definite conclusions have been reached. Despite this, the intelligence does not support any involvement in the attack by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky or any of his close aides, the New York Times reports. The September 2022 pipeline attacks that caused gas to be released into the Baltic Sea have been labelled "an act of sabotage" by both the United States and NATO, while Moscow has blamed the West. However, neither side has presented any evidence to support their claims. The pipelines in question are owned by Gazprom, a company controlled by the Russian government, and they run between Russia and Germany. READ MORE: Putin earned up to $500m from vodka still available in West - claims The Nord Stream pipelines have become a contentious issue during Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Recent intelligence reviewed by US officials suggests that the attackers were likely members of a pro-Ukrainian group made up of Ukrainian or Russian nationals who oppose Russian President Vladimir Putin, but the review did not identify the group's members or reveal who directed or financed the operation, as per a report from The Times. The Times reported: "US officials declined to disclose the nature of the intelligence, how it was obtained or any details of the strength of the evidence it contains. They have said that there are no firm conclusions about it. "Officials who have reviewed the intelligence said they believed the saboteurs were most likely Ukrainian or Russian nationals, or some combination of the two. US officials said no American or British nationals were involved." Don't miss... China adopting Russian tactics to sow disinformation in US [LATEST] China claims ‘invisible hand’ is stoking bitter war in Ukraine  [LATEST] Beijing warns US-China 'heading for conflict and confrontation' [LATEST] It comes as Chinese foreign minister Qin Gang has suggested there is an unknown force working behind the scenes to escalate the war in Ukraine following Russia's invasion of the country in the past year. Qin did not reveal the identity of this force but suggested that it is using the crisis in Ukraine to serve its own geopolitical goals. Chinese foreign minister Qin Gang has suggested there is an unknown force working behind the scenes to escalate the war in Ukraine following Russia's invasion of the country in the past year. Qin did not reveal the identity of this force but suggested that it is using the crisis in Ukraine to serve its own geopolitical goals. In his first news conference since taking office late last year, Qin’s harsh language appeared to defy predictions that China might abandon its aggressive "wolf warrior" diplomacy in favour of more moderate rhetoric as the two countries face off over trade and technology, Taiwan, human rights and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Washington's China policy has "entirely deviated from the rational and soundtrack," Qin told journalists on the sidelines of the annual meeting of China’s rubber-stamp legislature when leaders lay out their economic and political priorities for the coming year. Qin added: "If the United States does not hit the brake, but continues to speed down the wrong path, no amount of guardrails can prevent derailing and there surely will be conflict and confrontation."