By some estimates the Conservatives face a total wipe-out. If such a commanding lead holds, it means Labour will not need the Lib Dems in any future coalition, likely killing hopes of a referendum on voting reform. Sir Keir will certainly have his in-tray full, not least in the area of national defence, something long neglected - not least by the Tories - but which now needs urgent care and attention. Amid warnings the UK can no longer field a premier league fighting force, yet remains a nuclear weapons state with a blue water navy, there will be increasing pressure to equip the armed forces for impending conflict. While defence spending as a proportion of GDP has fallen by half since the Thatcher years, often losing out to healthcare and pensions, the British people ought to realise it is not much good having freedoms and comfort if one lacks the means to defend them (and that is before we get to the somewhat poor return-on-investment the UK gets for things like education and healthcare). Aside from cuts to equipment, the British Army is set to shrink to 73,000 by the mid-2020s. That, coupled with fears the UK cannot adequately defend its skies and with warnings about depleted weaponry given the amount of equipment sent to Ukraine, makes for uncomfortable reading for the UK and its allies, many of which - like Japan - are now beefing up their militaries. As the threat of conflict between China and the West increases (just this week Taiwan reported two Chinese incursions into its air defence identification zone, while Washington approved a $619m weapons sale to Taiwan), it seems increasingly likely the US will want to call upon the UK in the event of war in Asia. In fact, British territory in the Indian Ocean could well be in the firing line. Aside from the fact the UK benefits from the US Navy's guarantee of the free passage of international cargo - something which would be threatened if China controlled Taiwan - London is part of the AUKUS security pact with Australia and the US to assist Canberra with acquiring nuclear-powered submarines. In January, the UK also signed a defence agreement with Japan. The deal with Japan allows both countries to deploy forces in each other's countries, while rapidly accelerating defence and security cooperation. Britain is also set to develop a next generation fighter jet with Italy and Japan. All this points to a greater role for the UK in the troubled Asia-Pacific, and one Labour will likely have to devote considerable attention towards. Aside from any direct engagement, should the US be tied down in Asia, it will likely mean other Western powers such as France and the UK (and perhaps emerging military powers like Poland) will be asked to backfill America's role in other areas of the world, including a greater role in the Middle East, as well as more responsibility for security in Europe and the North Atlantic. An incoming Labour Government simply cannot afford then to neglect this responsibility. It is also worth remembering the economic impact of all the above. The defence sector is one remaining bright spot for British industry. As of 2019, defence spending supported 260,000 jobs and £20bn of investment. Defence exports are also worth billions of pounds to the UK. Labour can make the case that well-paid defence jobs help to boost Britain's economy, and support communities which could otherwise suffer from growing unemployment and decline. But again, the critical point is that liberty and prosperity are only worth having if a country has the means to defend them. Thanks to years of neglect, that is on shakier ground than it ought to be. As in so many other areas, the Tories have simply neglected Britain's national defence. Long shot though many will see it, now it will likely fall to Labour to reverse this decline, not just for the sake of the security and prosperity of the British people, but for the peace and security of the wider world. If, as looks likely, he becomes Britain's next Prime Minister, Sir Keir Starmer should take the opportunity to renew and revitalise Britain's defence.