Lisa Hogan is a former model and actress who has found fresh fame thanks to her role on Amazon Prime Video’s Clarkson’s Farm. Lisa, 49, appears in the series alongside her long-time partner and The Grand Tour star Jeremy Clarkson. Jeremy, 62, is known for his towering height but his girlfriend nearly matches the presenter in stature. Lisa is 1.88m or 6ft 1in while Jeremy is 1.96 m or 6ft 4in, which means he’s only three inches taller than her. The Dublin-born model was first employed by comedian and Monty Python star John Cleese as a researcher. She starred in the 1997 Hollywood movie Fierce Creatures with Cleese, Jamie Lee Curtis, Kevin Kline and fellow Python Michael Palin. Lisa had a small role as a sea lion keeper in the comedy film focusing in a multimillionaire, who buys a zoo in London and must turn its profits around in the face of closure. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets In 2021, Lisa shared a snap from Fierce Creatures with her 12,500 Instagram fans and captioned the snap: “#tb to 1997. Appearing in ‘Fierce Creatures’ alongside Ronnie Corbett…” She has three children with her former partner Baron Steven Bentinck. Jeremy and Lisa have been an item since 2017 with the couple appearing on the GQ Man of the Year red carpet arm in arm. She is now one of the co-owners of Diddly Squat Farm as she assists with the day-to-day running of the complex. Audiences also watch as Lisa sometimes gets frustrated with her beau’s antics on the farm. Previously, Jeremy spoke about Lisa, hailing her as “ageless” and confessed he’d “never been happier”. He went on to tell talkRADIO’s Andy Jaye Show: “I get older and older and it makes people go, ‘Oh, that’s a bit weird’. “But we are age and height appropriate, and we have a lovely, lovely time together on that farm, we really do.” Prior to being with Lisa, Jeremy was previously married twice, first to Alex Hall in 1989. The couple was only together for six months before calling time on their relationship. He went on to marry his manager Frances Cain in 1993 with the couple together until 2014. During their marriage, the couple had three children and lived together in Chipping Norton, in the Cotswolds. Don't miss... Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [INSIGHT] Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [VIDEO] Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [LATEST] Lisa is now a firm feature of Clarkson’s Farm and with the show now renewed for season three, she will continue to appear in the series. She previously opened up about her romance with Jeremy and working with her other half, telling Loose Women in 2021: “Oh, he’s such a pussycat. It is busy. He works really hard. “He has a lot to do the whole time. He loves working so everyone else has to keep up.” She admitted Jeremy was learning a lot from her about running a far with the TV host coming fresh to the agriculture industry after spending most of his career being a petrolhead. Lisa said: “He’s very curious and I would say that he asks people like Charlie and Kaleb [Cooper] more than me but I’m a bit of a land girl, I would say. I love the countryside.” Clarkson's Farm season 2 is streaming on Amazon Prime Video now