The season 10 finale will be airing this afternoon (March 10) on BBC One at 1.45pm. Father Brown will be wrapping up with a case called The Serpent Within. Here are the new facts joining the cast and where you may have seen them before. The Serpent Within will see Inspector Sullivan (played by Tom Chambers) hoping to leave Kembleford but his plans are scuppered. The police officer finds himself on the other side of the law after he’s arrested for receiving stolen goods. On top of this, Sullivan will see one his trusty informants get shot with the inspector falling under even more suspicion. Father Brown (Mark Williams) and Mrs Devine (Claudie Blakley) realises Sullivan has been framed and will be working to clear his name. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Davenport - Christian Ballantyne Christian Ballantyne takes on the role of Sullivan’s informer Davenport, who is shot by a dodgy Kembleford figure. Ballantyne has appeared in TV series Gentrification as well as small roles in Emmerdale, Margate Murder Mystery, Trollied and Unearthed. Ricky ‘Crafty’ Taylor - Michael Akinsulire Michael Akinsulire is another of George’s henchmen Ricky ‘Crafty’ Taylor, who are going to be helping their friend while Sullivan languishes in prison. Akinsulire is no stranger to screens with roles in ITV’s Trigger Point, Andor, We Hunt Together, Temple, I Am Joseph and Andor on Disney Plus. READ MORE: Father Brown fans are curious about Sergeant Goodfellow's first name George Kavanagh - Jay Taylor Jay Taylor portrays ‘Gorgeous’ George Kavanagh, who pulls the trigger on Davenport and lands Sullivan behind bars. Taylor has appeared in Holby City, Manhunt, Prime Suspect 1973, Wolf Manor and Blood & Truth. The actor will next be appearing in a project called Sybil, which is in production according to IMDb. Detective Superintendent Alan Alford - Jonny Phillips Jonny Phillips is Detective Superintendent Alan Alford and will also be on the case. Phillips has appeared in Partners in Cimre, Titanic, Miss Scarlet and the Duke, Breaking Infinity and The Heiress. The star is set to appear in Dreamland which is in post-production and Soundproof which has been completed. Martin Jackson - Ciarán Owens Ciarán Owens plays the part of Martin Jackson, one of George’s sidekicks who presents Father Brown and Mrs Devine with some obstacles. Owens had appeared in Peaky Blinders, Temple, The Last Kingdom, Small Axe and Call the Midwife, among other roles. He will next be starring in the TV series Ancient Empires, which is in post-production. Actress Ruby May Martinwood will also be reprising her role as Brenda Palmer in the finale. Don't miss... Vernon Kay snub as 90% say they won't tune in without Ken Bruce [POLL] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [INSIGHT] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [LATEST] The Serpent Within will really be shining a spotlight on Sullivan after actor Chambers returned to Father Brown for season 10 as a regular cast member. Chambers was last a regular back in 2014 but due to scheduling conflicts couldn’t come back full-time, despite wanting to. He made a couple of appearances in 2018 and 2019 before his return in earnest this year. Chambers addressed where Sullivan has been during his time away from Kembleford: “He has been in London for the last seven years solving a lot of nastiness. “He went to work for Special Branch investigating corruption within the police force. “This is why he came back in 2018 because there was some corruption going on within the police force in Kembleford, and he was trying to get to the bottom of it.” Father Brown season 10 airs on Fridays at 1.45pm and season 10 is available to watch as a boxset on the BBC iPlayer