Debbie McGee, 64, wowed BBC viewers this evening as she appeared on Bridge of Lies in a two-piece purple suit, paired with a cream lace top. The TV personality was sure to make an emotional mention of her late husband Paul Daniels as host Ross Kemp asked Debbie about her chosen charity. Debbie appeared on the BBC show this evening, admitting Bridge of Lies was a firm favourite show she watches with her mum. Host Ross asked: "What charity are you playing for?" Debbie replied sincerely: "It's for The Grand Order of Water Rats. It was one of Paul's charities and they really looked after me when he died. So I still want to support them." The Grand Order of Water Rats is a British entertainment industry fraternity and charitable organisation based in London, founded in 1889 and currently headed by comedian Chris Emmett. READ MORE: Bruce Willis' wife chokes up as she talks his 'horrific' health battle Debbie's category on Bridge of Lies was revealed as events that happened in the 1980s. One of the options saw Debbie choose Margaret Thatcher being elected as Prime Minister as a correct event that happened in the 1980s. However, she was told she was wrong as Thatcher was first elected in 1979. Viewers at home argued on Twitter the question was misleading though as Thatcher was also re-elected twice during the 80s in 1983 and 1987. VicsterLS wrote: "Thatcher was made prime minister in the 80s as she won 2 more General Elections after 79 #BridgeOfLies." While Melonhead999 added: "That's misleading, coz Thatcher was re-elected in 83 #BridgeOfLies." (sic) Despite Debbie's best attempt, many viewers took to Twitter to comment on her "slow" performance on the gaming show. Sherriff_1506 said: "Really think Debbie McGee could have done with a glamorous assistant to take over for her there. Was she any good? Not a lot. #BridgeofLies." DON'T MISS... Olivia Newton-John's daughter still speaks to late mum 'every day' [INSIGHT] Courteney Cox's eyebrows are falling out after 'overmedicated' issue [HOLLYWOOD] Cher and new toyboy share a kiss in PDA-filled red carpet debut [PICS] PTone2021 added: "Debbie McGee? Slow doesn’t even come close #bridgeoflies." Debbie's appearance on the BBC gaming show comes after she admitted last year she would be open to falling in love again, six years after Paul's death. She told the How To Be 60 with Kaye Adams: "If I met somebody that I had real charisma with, then I’m not going to say no and push them away. "I don’t know how much longer I’m going to live and I believe in enjoying every day as much as you can. "But until now I just haven’t met that person. So, if there’s somebody out there, I believe life will bring me to them at the right time, but I don’t feel there’s a void. "I love my life so I’m just enjoying each day for what it brings me." Debbie met her husband in 1979 when she got a job performing in his summer show in Great Yarmouth. She became his regular assistant, appearing alongside him on his TV show which ran from 1979 to 1994. Despite an age gap of 20 years the couple became an item and married in 1988.