Star James Kennedy first appeared on Vanderpump Rules as a guest during its second season, however it didn’t take long before he gained a significant role on the show after his outlandish antics and scandalous behaviour. Looking back at his time on the show, James is not embarrassed by his past as he claims he's grown from it.  Reality star Kennedy made an appearance on Watch What Happens Live, as he updated fans and host Andy Cohen on his life since joining the cast of Vanderpump Rules. When Kennedy first appeared on the reality show he was a busser who had started dating main cast member Kristen Doute. Throughout the show the pair had a very turbulent relationship, things later escalated after a violent confrontation with one another took place. Host Cohen probed Kennedy about the possibility of his current girlfriend Ally Lewber’s mother watching Vanderpump Rules. Cohen recalled when he “met Ally’s mom at BravoCon,” explaining: “It was lovely to meet her. I gave her a little advice … I asked her if she had ever seen Vanderpump Rules and she said she hadn’t." He continued: “I said, ‘I think maybe you should watch the show.’” Lewber, who was in the audience, shared although her mom had yet to see the show, she had seen clips. And despite the show’s past seasons not painting Kennedy in a positive light, he confessed that it does not concern him. “You know, I’m not mad at you, Andy, and I’ll tell you why,” James explained. Before going on to say: “I love Ally so much and her family so much. And I do believe that in life you can’t change the past and who you were. "You just grow from it. So she is more than welcome to see who I used to be in my young 20s—living my best life, rockstar status. It’s okay, it’s all right." The reality star maintained that he is “more mature nowadays” despite his troublesome past on the reality show. Kennedy recently shared a sweet snap of him kissing girlfriend Lewber on the cheek at a restaurant.  Under the sweet picture, fans flooded the star’s comments, congratulating him on moving on from his previous “toxic” relationship. One fan @Baby_jane0151 wrote: “Yes James! Here’s to you being happy and continuing to not be the centre of the drama.” Another fan @Cyndyrellaa added: "The fact that you dodged the biggest bullet I’m so happy for you and Ally.” @Msmandyhaynes: “You definitely upgraded! So happy for you” while @Elizjallison wrote: “I think everyone had it wrong. It was Raquel that’s been toxic all along… glad you’re happy and found someone nontoxic.”  Kennedy confirmed his relationship with Lewber last year in July, after telling US Weekly: “We’re really, truly best friends, and I really do see it going the distance.” The news came shortly after he and ex-fiancée Raquel Leviss ended their relationship. Leviss revealed she and Kennedy "broke up the night before" the show's season nine reunion taping on Scheana Shay's Shenanigans podcast. Vanderpump Rules is currently streaming on Hayu and Amazon Prime Video in the UK.