ITV boss Carolyn McCall has confirmed the next series of Who Wants to be a Millionaire will be the last. The decision comes after Jeremy Clarkson apologised for his "vile" comments about Meghan Markle in his column for The Sun. Speaking at Variety's International Media Woman of the Year, McCall confirmed: "We have a contract. "We’re contracted to this [season], so we will do that and then we have no future commitments." Addressing Clarkson's comment about Meghan, McCall continued: "There was no dissent internally. "We came out much quicker than anybody else, Amazon included. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ "We just came out said, ‘Yes, we do not endorse a single word that he said on that. And there’s no place for that on ITV.’ "So we came out very quickly and just said, you know, that wasn’t on ITV but we don’t endorse that in any way. And there’s no place for that on ITV.” In his The Sun column, Clarkson had called for Meghan to be paraded through the streets naked. He also suggested she have "lumps of excrement thrown at her". The news also comes after it was reported three female celebrities had stated they would not take part in the celebrity version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire. An insider told Mirror Online: "ITV were left with no choice but to postpone the show. "The feelings were made very loud, and very clear. "Namely that they didn’t want to share a platform with Clarkson and, in doing so, risk being seen to legitimise his misogynistic comments. DON'T MISS...Lisa Hogan had children before she met Jeremy Clarkson [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson rages as Diddly Squat farm hit by vandals again [VIDEO]Kaleb Cooper teases he will 'ban' Jeremy Clarkson from his farm [LATEST] “They were appearing on the show to raise money for charity, and they were acutely aware that they didn’t want causes special to their heart to be caught up in any backlash. "It was a no-brainer to be honest, they had to walk away.” Clarkson has yet to comment on the news about Who Wants to be a Millionaire publicly but has recently been busy promoting the release of Clarkson's Farm season two. The Amazon Prime Video series returned at the start of February. Despite Clarkson's comments about Meghan, it quickly became one of the most watched shows of the year. The series broke Amazon Prime Video viewing records and beat the BRIT Awards and Love Island in the ratings war. The premiere of season two was watched by a record 4.3million viewers according to BARB. Who Wants to be a Millionaire is available to watch on ITVX.