In 2021, Sky Sports conducted one of their most significant shakeups in recent history, bringing in a plethora of fresh pundits to breathe a new lease of life into Soccer Saturday. However, the arrivals came at the expense of some of the most familiar faces on the channel. With the show continuing to be a roaring success with reports up and down the country flagging goals as they hit the back of the net, an executive decision was made to shake up the ranks in the studio. Jeff Stelling remained as the main host, though he was forced to say his goodbye’s to those who had made Soccer Saturday one of football’s most popular shows. Four pundits were axed in total, and Express Sport has taken a look at where they are now… Tony Cottee Former West Ham star Tony Cottee was one of the last to be moved on by Soccer Saturday, though he did not leave on bad terms. The ex-England international has since forged a career in commentary and regularly reports for Sky Sports on televised matches. Cottee also regularly conducts interviews with sports companies about relevant events, recently revealing that he is adamant that Declan Rice will leave the Hammers over the summer and that he must be ‘respected’ for wanting to fulfil his dreams of lifting silverware. Phil Thompson Former Liverpool and England captain Phil Thompson has continued his career in punditry since leaving Soccer Saturday. He had a 22-year career at Sky Sports. The 69-year-old works closely with Paddy Power and often has his say on betting angles that football fans should look out for in upcoming fixtures. He also works for Norwegian TV station TV 2 every now and again. Matt Le Tissier In a turn of events that few could have predicted, Matt Le Tissier is now an incredibly controversial figure. The former Southampton star has, in his own words, ‘challenged the narrative’ by promoting several conspiracy theories, which has led to him being publicly condemned. Le Tissier took the decision to resign from his position as a club ambassador at St Mary’s as a result, prioritising tweeting about why the Coronavirus was blown out of proportion and questioning the legitimacy of clips showing Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Charlie Nicholas Ex-Arsenal star Charlie Nicholas will certainly be enjoying the success of his former side, though he may be relishing the moment more if he was back in the studio amongst his punditry pals. The 61-year-old now writes for the Scottish Daily Express and is often involved in Scottish Premier League debates involving Rangers and former side Celtic.