The DIY SOS presenter explained he was in Death Valley when he began to feel sick. Speaking on BBC Breakfast, he told hosts Sally Nugent and Jon Kay, Nick Knowles said he fell in love with the area but did "serious damage to myself" while working out. Sally asked: "What was the favourite place that you visited? And what was the scariest place?" "I fell in love with Death Valley in spite the fact I did myself some quite serious damage in terms of I worked out in the heat in Death Valley with someone who does that in the heat," Nick explained. Stunned, Sally probed: "As in exercise?" "Yeah as in digging up in invasive trees and things," Nick remarked. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ "He's a bloke who does that year round and we were doing that and I pushed myself. "Basically we had to walk out into the valley floor for an hour and then do the work. "And I, as usual, pushed myself to the limit, forgetting I had an hour to walk back "You couldn't come and get me any other way and I said to him, 'I'm not feeling good.'" Nick explained he had to have "water and rehydration salts" before he could head back out of the valley. "What happened?" Sally asked. The presenter simply replied: "He said, 'Well yeah people die out here but not today.'" "Clue is in the name, Death Valley," Jon joked. DON'T MISS...Nick Knowles confesses he 'never made a penny' from his debut album [INSIGHT]Nick Knowles shares 'weird' fear he developed later in life [INSIGHT]Nick Knowles hits out at measly food portions after 'too much wine' [LATEST] Nick continued: "Yeah so that was a bit special and then Malaysia and Vietnam were astounding." Into the Grand Canyon with Nick Knowles will air on March 2 on Channel 5. The two-part series will see the presenter travel through the canyon, zip-live across it and battle vertigo. The first episode will see Nick exchanges gifts with the Hualapai tribe whose ancestors used to roam the Canyon. He will also explore the caves 21 storeys below the surface, and takes part in a project to restore the region's endangered condor population. Speaking in the episode, he will explain "life is all about having adventures". However, he's not so keen about the zip-lining when he prepares to launch off from one side of the canyon with a self-held camera to document his journey. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One at 6am.