Toto Wolff has warned that Lewis Hamilton may need to wait until next year for a shot at glory as Mercedes' struggles with their W14 design go on. Hamilton fumed at the concept on Friday and admitted he doubted whether the Silver Arrows' current direction would allow him to win a record-breaking eighth world championship. After a promising FP3 suggested that Mercedes could be in the mix to at least lock down the third row on the grid for the Bahrain Grand Prix, qualifying was a brutal reminder of the situation. George Russell and Hamilton will start sixth and seventh, respectively, in Sunday's race after Mercedes finished more than six-tenths behind pole-sitter Max Verstappen. And after Saturday's qualifying session, Wolff admitted that Mercedes must sit down and rethink the W14's zero-sidepod concept because the results proved that they weren't 'good enough', while also casting doubt on Hamilton's title chances this year.  JUST IN: Sky Sports' F1 coverage compared to 'bad sex' in brutal summary "You know motor racing is crazy," said Wolff. "I don't know what is going to happen this year. We may find a silver bullet next week and gain five tenths, but I haven't seen any silver bullets before. "If you look at the pecking order today, you would say that catching Red Bull 'is not realistic'. "But I'm looking at what we can find next week, what is the change of direction that we can implement and how quickly can we do that? "Maybe we can turn the ship around this year but it needs a lot to change the pecking order." DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton brands new Mercedes 'average' as woes set to continue Toto Wolff responds to Lewis Hamilton outburst after qualifyingMax Verstappen reacts to beating Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton Mercedes' decision to persist with the concept that won them just one race last season, despite Hamilton previously stating he couldn't wait to see the back of the W13. And he was also brutally honest in his assessment on Friday, claiming the team were on the 'wrong track' and had fallen behind their rivals at the front of the grid. Doubts could also be creeping into Hamilton's mind ahead of his contract expiry. He questioned whether Mercedes was capable of building a car that could help him surpass Michael Schumacher by winning an eighth world crown. And Wolff has now pledged to take action to turn the Silver Arrows' fortunes around before it's too late. Want the latest news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here