Carlos Alcaraz has been named in Forbes’ 30 Under 30 list for 2023, joining the likes of Manchester City striker Erling Haaland and Mercedes driver George Russell in the European sports category. The current world No 2 made history last year as the youngest man ever to reach the top of the ATP rankings after winning the US Open at the age of just 19. Alcaraz has now been handed another accolade following his breakthrough 2022 season. The Spaniard started last year as the world No 32 and ended it as the youngest world No 1 in ATP history, having picked up five titles throughout the season - Rio, Miami, Barcelona, Madrid and his maiden Grand Slam title at the US Open. With his victory in Flushing Meadows, the 19-year-old also became the first teenage man to lift a Major title since his countryman Rafael Nadal 17 years prior - a promising path to follow with the current world No 9 now sharing the men’s Grand Slam record of 22 titles with Novak Djokovic. And the seven-time title winner has now landed on Forbes Europe’s 30 Under 30 Sport list for 2023 alongside some big names. “Carlos Alcaraz is the youngest man (19) to end a year top of the ATP tennis rankings,” Forbes’ profile of the current world No 1 reads. “He won the 2022 US Open, his first Grand Slam, and finished the season with a 57-13 record, landing at No 10 on Forbes' highest-paid tennis players in the world list, making $10.9million in between Aug. 2021-Aug. 2022 in tournament winnings plus endorsement deals with the likes of Rolex, BMW and Nike.” Just in Netflix renews tennis documentary Break Point for second season [LATEST] And the 19-year-old is in good company on the list, with Haaland making an appearance following his move to the Premier League last summer. “One of soccer's fastest-rising stars, Erling Haaland debuted at No 6 on Forbes highest-paid soccer players list this year, earning $35million on the field and $4million off of it,” Forbes’ profile of the 22-year-old reads. “He commanded a $63million transfer fee in his move from Borussia Dortmund to Manchester City in 2022. He leads the Premier League in goals with 27 (as of March 1), second most is 18. A bidding war to sign Haaland to a new boot sponsorship could earn him as much as $18million per year as the new face of the sport.” Don't miss... Federer replaced as tennis idol as starlet explains new preference [QUOTES] Coco Gauff 'breaks down' practice partner as teen eyes Indian Wells [ANALYSIS] Biden sent strong message over 'Djokovic ban' that's costing US £67bn [UPDATE] Britain also has representation on the list, with F1 driver Russell being named after joining Mercedes last year. “George Russell joined Formula One powerhouse Mercedes in 2022 and finished ahead of teammate and seven-time champion Lewis Hamilton, placing fourth overall in the F1 driver standings for the season and notching his first victory. In 2021 he was elected Director of the Grand Prix Drivers Association, the trade union of F1 drivers,” Forbes said of the 25-year-old. And Alcaraz isn’t the only tennis star on the list, as Dutch wheelchair pro Diede de Groot has also made an appearance after completing the Calendar Grand Slam in back-to-back seasons in 2021 and 2022. “Diede De Groot is the No 1 women's wheelchair tennis player in the International Tennis Federation rankings. She followed up her first Paralympic singles gold with two consecutive Golden Slams in 2021 and 2022, winning the French, Australian and US Open plus Wimbledon in both years, and has won 17 Grand Slams overall. She was born with unequal leg length,” Forbes said of the 26-year-old.