The Royal Lodge in Buckingham Palace could be a new home to either Prince William and Princess Kate, or even a UK residence for Prince Harry and Meghan, royal experts believe. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been given the notice to vacate Frogmore Cottage, which was gifted to them by the late Queen Elizabeth as a wedding present.   The move, orchestrated by King Charles, coincides with him asking brother Prince Andrew to leave the Royal Lodge at Buckingham Palace. Instead, it is thought the Prince will be asked to reside at Frogmore. This now leaves the Royal Lodge's future up for debate - with royal experts predicting it could act as Harry and Meghan's UK residence when they come back over to Britain for visits. Separately, it is also thought the Prince and Princess of Wales may be tempted by a move back to central London. This, according to royal expert Ingrid Seward, would be because of the work the Waleses are doing. Speaking to The Mirror, she said: “The draconian solution proposed by the King’s advisors is that if Andrew moved into Frogmore, Royal Lodge then becomes available possibly for the Prince and Princess of Wales who are working at full tilt for the Monarchy. “It is royal swings and roundabouts, but King Charles has been warned he needs to make extensive savings and this is just the beginning.”    The 30-room mansion is a Grade II-listed building that dates back to the 17th Century and was once a beloved home of the Queen Mother. But, an expert told MailOnline that King Charles might offer the lodge to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex as their UK base. The source told the publication: “The King is not a bad man. He has no wish to see his brother Andrew homeless or penniless. Nor does he wish to deprive the Sussexes of a base in the UK. “London is a better fit. The Sussexes have always wanted rooms at Buckingham Palace. They could have Andrew's old rooms there, which are currently being vacated.” It has been reported that King Charles is insisting that Andrew leave his Royal Lodge mansion, however, the Duke of York is set on defying his brother after vowing he is “going nowhere”. READ MORE: The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview  In 1931, it was gifted to George VI and the Queen Mother - the then Duke and Duchess of York - as a weekend retreat. The Queen Mother made several additions to the property and it also features a mini cottage or Wendy house called Y Bwthyn Bach, which was gifted to the late Queen - then Princess Elizabeth - in 1932. Even after George VI's death in 1952, it was still used as a grace and favour home by the Queen Mother up until she died there in March 2002 with the late Queen by her side. Following the Queen Mother's death, Royal Lodge was leased to Prince Andrew. DON'T MISS:Prince William and Kate ‘on board’ with King Charles’s decision  [INSIGHT]King Charles attempts to move on and put issues of Sussexes 'to bed' [SPOTLIGHT]British takeaway sparks outrage for 'blow torching chicken in trolley' [REACTION] Along with the main house, the lease included the Gardener's Cottage, the Chapel Lodge, six Lodge Cottages, police security accommodation and a whopping 40 hectares of land. He was required to pay for any renovations himself, which reportedly were in the region of £7.5million. In 2004, he moved into Royal Lodge with his two daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie and soon after so did his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson. A latest new report suggested that the Sussexes are now arranging for the belongings that they still have at Frogmore Cottage to be sent to their home in California and that the property is now being offered to Prince Andrew.  