Tottenham would not usually take too kindly to the idea of showing gratitude towards their London rivals Chelsea, but the mini revival of Graham Potter at Stamford Bridge will give them some reason to be thankful. With Antonio Conte's future at Spurs looking increasingly uncertain, the club now have a divine opportunity to consider their next managerial move without any opposition. Conte looks set to leave the club at the end of the season when his contract expires in June after Spurs' hopes of ending their 15-year wait for a trophy went up in smoke. The north London side were knocked out of the FA Cup by Sheffield United and only days later, they were sent crashing out of the Champions League by AC Milan after losing 1-0 on aggregate. The 53-year-old was primarily hired to win trophies having one so at Juventus, Chelsea and Inter Milan before taking charge in November 2021. But disagreements over transfer spending and his initial refusal to commit beyond the 18-month term at the club have culminated in what is likely to be his exit from the club. Conte's departure opens up the door for Mauricio Pochettino to seal an emotional return to the club for a second stint in charge, with the Argentine, 51, understood to be open to taking charge of the club once again. Strangely, Chelsea's decision to stick with Graham Potter could prove to be crucial in allowing Spurs to reappoint him. READ MORE Tottenham 'admire Rodgers' as Spurs consider Pochettino alternatives [GOSSIP] Pochettino, along with Zinedine Zidane and Luis Enrique, had been listed as potential candidates if the Blues decided to sack Potter after six months in charge. Their run of just two wins from 16 games put the ex-Brighton man under intense pressure, but wins over Leeds United and Borussia Dortmund have bought him some time to turn things around at Stamford Bridge. With owner Todd Boehly refusing to give up Potter, it also gives Spurs time to get their affairs in order now that Potter is likely to stay until the end of the season - barring another dismal run of form and an exit from the Champions League. The two-month gap between now and the end of the season should be enough for Spurs to make arrangements for Pochettino to agree personal terms if they make an approach, giving them reason to thank their Premier League counterparts for resisting their own move. DON'T MISS Conte runs out of excuses after Spurs' Milan loss as Pochettino looms [ANALYSIS] Tottenham have four perfect players for Mauricio Pochettino [OPINION] Tottenham board 'split' over Pochettino as Conte expected to quit [NEWS] Other coaches such as former Spain boss Luis Enrique and Brentford manager Thomas Frank have also been lined up as possible candidates by sporting director Fabio Paratici, but Pochettino would undoubtedly prove to be the fans' favourite due to their everlasting bond. Chairman Daniel Levy hinted he was willing to forget their past grievances when he approached PSG about rehiring Pochettino after sacking Nuno Espirito Santo last season, but the Argentinian was not allowed to leave. However, he has been unattached since June after his sacking by PSG and has been waiting patiently for the right opportunity to come along. Some see his return to the club where he spent five years and guided the club to the Champions League final as the perfect marriage of convenience, with both Spurs and Pochettino in need of a revival to get back to their glory years. Thanks to Chelsea's resistance over Potter, the reunion between the two parties can finally pan out as planned.