Eddie Hearn has broken his silence on the poor ticket sales for Anthony Joshua’s April 1 clash with Jermaine Franklin. Joshua faces the American at the site in which he won his first world title, the O2 Arena, London. However, despite instantly selling out the 20,000 seater in the past there are still thousands of tickets left for AJ’s upcoming bout. The AXS website has seating available in all of the O2’s sections besides ringside which is completely sold out. But Hearn claims the arena will be packed out on fight night and has put the poor sales down to the fact that they haven’t given out tickets to the undercard fighters yet. “We’ve got a couple of thousand left, we haven’t given tickets out yet for the undercard,” he told iD Boxing. “We’ll be completely full on the night. At the end of the day, do you want to listen to bull****, or do you want to see a real fighter? You’ll see Anthony Joshua back in action, with vengeance, at the 02 on April 1st.” AJ's stock appears to have fallen considerably over the past few years following back-to-back defeats to Oleksandr Usyk. Express Sport readers recently ruled out Joshua regaining the world titles with 82.7% of the voters in our poll believing his time at the top is over. Meanwhile, his fight with Franklin also ranked bottom in our recent poll of the most anticipated fights of 2023. Tyson Fury vs Usyk came out on top and was followed in order by Gervonta Davis vs Ryan Garcia, Josh Taylor vs Jack Caterall II and Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury.  Don't miss... Joshua called Klitschko 'to ask for Ukraine role' after Usyk defeat [LATEST] KSI mocks Paul after video emerges of him running from Mayweather [LATEST] Fury U-turns after Wilder meeting and now wants rival to get KO'd [LATEST] Yet a win against Franklin could turn the tide in his favour with plenty of big fights to be made providing he gets his hand raised next month. Hearn has disclosed that he is hoping to set up the long-awaited rematch with Dillian Whyte in the summer followed by a blockbuster showdown with either Fury or Deontay Wilder to close out the year. However, a loss would likely spell the end of AJ’s aspirations of becoming a three-time world heavyweight champion. “I think it’s very difficult at world level and getting to fight for the world championship again," Hearn told Seconds Out when asked what happens if Joshua suffers defeat against Franklin. "I see Franklin as a top 15 guy but if you're gonna fight for the world title, you need to go through people like that. That’s really the pressure. I don’t think it’s a career ender but in terms of positioning yourself for a world title, it will be difficult to come back from.”