Piers Morgan has hit back at criticism of Arsenal that they are lucky to be top of the Premier League. The Gunners opened up a five-point gap over second-placed Manchester City with a 4-0 win over Everton in their game in hand on Wednesday. Arsenal are looking to win their first title since 2004. It has been quite the turnaround by Mikel Arteta, who many fans wanted to be sacked less than a year ago. But that hasn't been enough for some naysayers. TalkSPORT host Adrian Durham claimed this week that the Gunners are only top of the table fortuitously. He said Arteta's side had played against several teams this season who were without their best players and that the amount of luck they'd had is "ridiculous". But responding on talkSPORT on Thursday, Morgan hit back at Durham. The TV presenter believes Arsenal have had their fair share of bad luck and claims this is the best team the club have had since the Invincibles 19 years ago. Morgan said: "We haven’t had Gabriel Jesus this year and we’ve lost arguably our most important player and certainly the most experienced winner in the team. He’s not been there for months on end. READ MORE: Wrexham owner McElhenney makes plea after his team go top of the league  "We lost Partey in a crucial moment and could have whined about that. We’ve had some bad luck as well as good luck. "That’s not what the story of Arsenal is. The story is you now have a young manager who has got that team absolutely up and pumping. "I’ve never seen the Emirates as loud and universal in its support for a team and manager as it is now. The media are loving the way Arsenal are playing. "We got spoilt in the first eight years under Wenger in the way they played. I think this is the best quality of football and the best squad we’ve had since the Invincibles days. DON'T MISSArsenal stars' dismissive view of Saliba speaks volumes about incredible riseArsenal 'want to sign four players' including Rice as summer plans emergeMan Utd told to repeat Casemiro signing by 'overpaying' for summer target  "Are we going to win the league? We’ll see, but there are only 13 games left. Our next four games are relatively easy and I say that not taking games lightly. "If City were to trip up and we go eight points clear… I’ll leave the rest to you." Morgan says Arteta has all bases covered in his team, just as Arsene Wenger did 19 years ago. He added: "My argument for the last 18 years has been there have been so many weak links in the team. You’d see Arsenal go out against the bigger clubs: Chelsea, United, City, whatever. "There were always weaknesses in those starting XIs. I don’t see any weaknesses now. I just see a mixture of youth and experience, players who’ve got the right attitude now." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 