The Princess of Wales has revealed some of her children’s favourite meals over the years, but there’s one restaurant the family is said not to visit because Kate Middleton apparently “dislikes burgers and chips”, a royal biographer has claimed. Kate is a very hands-on mother despite all her royal duties and patronages, and in a chapter from Gilded Youth, written by royal author Tom Quinn, her parenting style has been explored. It is said she is happy for Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis to have the “luxuries and privileges of a royal upbringing”. This is in contrast to Princess Diana who wanted to ensure Prince William and Prince Harry were “down to earth” children. But Kate apparently, “makes no effort” to give her children a “normal childhood”. READ MORE: Kate shared the grown-up snack that Princess Charlotte 'loves' Instead, the royal author claims “Kate wants to escape her middle-class childhood”. Author Tom explained to The Daily Mail how Kate apparently “dislikes burgers and chips and wouldn’t dream of taking her children to McDonald’s”. Princess Diana, on the other hand, regularly treated her children to McDonald’s in a deliberate effort to give her sons a 'normal' upbringing. Former Kensington Palace chef Darren McGrady explained a time when Princess Diana announced she was taking her boys for a Happy Meal. Don't miss... Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims [COMMENT] Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ [EXCLUSIVE] ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert [GUIDE] I remember the Princess came into the kitchen one day and said ‘cancel lunch for the boys I'm taking them out, we're going to McDonald’s,’” he recalled. “And I said, ‘Oh my God your royal highness, I can do that, I can do burgers.’ And she said, ‘No, it's the toy they want’. “The boys loved McDonald's, and going out to pizza, and having potato skins - sort of the American foods. They were royal princes but had children's palates,” Darren revealed. Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis don’t seem to have “children’s palates” if their favourite foods are anything to go by. READ MORE: Clever food swaps you can make to save money and reduce food waste The heir to the throne is said to love spaghetti carbonara according to Italian chef Aldo Zilli. Aldo, who has met the Prince of Wales on several occasions explained: “[William is] amazing. I'm waiting for the call because apparently, his little boy's favourite is spaghetti carbonara, so I'm waiting for the call to go and cook it for him." Princess Charlotte is said to enjoy olives; Royal reporter Rebecca English previously posted on her Twitter page: "The Duchess of Cambridge revealed today that her daughter, Princess Charlotte, loves olives and she encourages both her and Prince George to cook with her." She also enjoys cooking cheesy pasta with her siblings. Prince Louis is said to have a favourite vegetable - beetroot. Several years ago, Kate shared how “Louis absolutely loves beetroot” during a conversation with Mary Berry. It’s not surprising the Wales’ children enjoy a wide array of foods considering their former primary school, St Thomas's of Battersea offered lavish lunches such as Mediterranean couscous and baked smoked mackerel served on a bed of puy lentils. Lamb ragout with garlic and fresh herbs paired with organic grated cheese and batons of carrots and cucumber, was a regular meal on the menu too.