A woman seeking a double hand transplant has politely declined to accept a man’s hands after she was asked to accept the offer during a psychology talk in June 2021 at Leeds hospital. Kim Smith, 61, has also refused to take hands from a black female donor and claimed she was warned about a longer waiting period if she decided she would only accept a pair of hands from a white female.  Hailing from Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire, Ms Smith said she would also prefer to have a new pair of hands that matched her skin tone as best as possible. She said: “It's just to see whether you're mentally suitable to have the transplant. “I want them to be small hands. Before the amputations, I was 5ft 2in. I had petite hands.” The former hairdresser lost both her hands and feet after a urinary tract infection led to sepsis and nine weeks in a coma following a 2017 holiday to Spain.   She added: “I had to think about it- I'm desperate for hands, but would I? “No. I don't want to look down at my hands and they don't look like mine, I would want to reject them. “I said the same about a black person's hands. “I'm not prejudiced but I'm white - I want a white person's hands so they blend in with my skin tone as much as possible.” She is now desperately waiting for a phone call to tell her that a donor has been found and the transplant can go ahead. READ MORE: Man, 89, shares simple routines that make him look 20 years younger Ms Smith further explained how her husband Steve Smith, 64, had promised to get her a new wedding ring and a Pandora bracelet once she gets her new hands. She said: “He’s promised me the new rings - we’ll probably go shopping once I get my hands. “There’s no point shopping without the hands - we don’t know what size I’ll be. “I still wear my wedding and engagement ring on a chain around my neck but I’m holding him on his promise for new ones.”  Don't miss... Renters will have to move out of London to find homes  [LATEST] Putin loses five soldiers for every Ukrainian fighter killed [INSIGHT] Ariana Grande to meet Prince Edward on blockbuster movie set [REVEAL] Professor Simon Kay, the surgeon who is likely to carry out the procedure, said: “We all vary enormously to the degree we will accept variations from our own natural appearance. “If the transplanted hands are not accepted by the recipient there is great potential for psychological rejection leading to noncompliance with immunosuppressive medication and eventually therefore to immunological rejection.” Ms Smith currently lives in a non-wheelchair-friendly two-bed bungalow and has said she feels “demoralised” by the lack of support from her council to rehome her. She said: “I was naive at the time, I didn’t know anything about accessibility needs so trusted the Occupational Therapist to tell me if the house was accessible for me. “I commented at the time that I thought the doors were a bit narrow but she said they were fine. Ever since then I’ve struggled in this house.” 