King Charles III's Coronation invite to Meghan Markle and Prince Harry marks a "slight thawing" in tense relations with the LA-based couple, a royal expert has suggested. The Sussexes moved out of the UK in March 2020, just weeks after announcing their departure as senior royals. Speaking on the Daily Express' Royal Round-Up, the Daily Express's royal correspondent Richard Palmer claimed that recent events, such as the Coronation invite and Lilibet and Archie's titles confirmed, have potentially shown a "slight thawing" in the relations. He added: "It's hard not to see the decision to strip them of Frogmore Cottage as an act of retribution for some of the things that have gone on in the last few months". Discussing the Coronation, Mr Palmer said: "My guess is still that they will come over for the Coronation." He added that, so far, the Palace "doesn't know if they are definitely going to be coming", despite reportedly making plans for their appearance. READ MORE: Why Lady Louise missed out on new royal title as fans rage at 'sexist' rules Planners involve Palace officials, who are " involved in planning the dinner settings and the car movements". Mr Palmer added: "There's a long time to go. Let's be frank, even if they said at this stage 'we are are not coming' and they relented two days before, the likelihood is that plans will be changed and they would be catered for and allowed to come". After speculation over whether the King would invite his younger son and daughter-in-law, Meghan and Harry confirmed, via a spokesperson, that they have received an invite by "email". Despite this, the couple has failed to confirm whether or not they will be there on May 6. Earlier this week, the couple's spokesperson said: "I can confirm the Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation". READ MORE: 'Still a bit of tension' between Royals and Sussexes over Archie and Lilibet's titles Speculation over the Coronation invite grew following Prince Harry and Meghan's continuous potshots at the Royal Family, particularly in the past few months. In December, Harry and Meghan released their six-episode Netflix docuseries in which they delved into the ups and downs of their lives as senior royals. As well as the Netflix series, Prince Harry released his bombshell memoir in January, which was accompanied by a host of televised interviews. Don't miss... POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [POLL] Royals and Sussexes still have 'tension' over Archie and Lili titles [LATEST] Harry and Meghan 'want to have their cake and eat it' over Coronation [LATEST] One member of the Royal Family who Harry aimed fire at is his stepmother, Camilla. As reported by the Mirror, Harry's comments, which painted Camilla as "dangerous" and a "villian", were deemed the "ultimate act of disrespect" by the King. They added that it "it the last straw" for the King. Buckingham Palace previously issued a statement stating that King Charles’ coronation in May will be "smaller" than Queen Elizabeth II's in 1953 and "will reflect the monarch's role today and look towards the future while being rooted in longstanding traditions and pageantry." The Coronation will take place in London on May 6, the same day as Meghan and Harry's son Archie's fourth birthday.