Alyssa Armstrong runs her own professional cleaning company Alyssa’s Deep Cleaning Company in Michigan and enjoys giving people her expert advice on the best cleaning methods on social media. Recently on TikTok Alyssa has given a tour of her supply closet and shown the cleaning products to use while cleaning your home. On her TikTok account @alyssascleaningcompany, Alyssa has made a video where she took a tour of her cleaning supply closet and showed which household products she uses while doing a professional clean of a client’s house. She began her video by saying: “Okay I am standing in front of my closet of cleaning supplies and I am going to share with you guys the products that I would buy and that I do recommend.” For the first item, Alyssa then went into the closet and showcased her glass cleaners. She showed a bottle of Sprayway Glass Cleaner. She said: “[It’s] Ammonia free, it’s foamy…this over Windex any day.” READ MORE: Best cleaning combination for smear and streak-free windows Alyssa then moved on to floor cleaners. The professional cleaner then showed a bottle of Pine Sol Orginal and said: “I love the smell, which I know is a hit or miss with some people.” Alyssa also added: “It is a disinfectant if you use it undiluted but obviously if you’re mopping you are going to mix it with water so it’s not a disinfectant. You can use it on wood, laminate, and pretty much anything but make sure you read your labels.” The professional cleaner also had another floor cleaner for those who “have pets, or even kids or if you’re just a more eco-friendly person.” She recommended Dr Bronner’s Sal Suds and said: You can use [it] for so many things other than just mopping.” Alyssa then showed the bottle label of the Sal Suds and said: “As you can see here, laundry dishes [or] washing your car. But I just love to use it for mopping, but you can make an all-purpose cleaner too.” Lastly, Alyssa showed a bottle of Zep Neutral PH Floor Cleaner which she said was perfect for “vinyl plank flooring or laminate”. She added: “Zep Neutral PH Floor Cleaner is safe for vinyl planks, marble, concrete so yeah.” Don't miss... ‘I’m a professional cleaner - try my shower method or miss out' [REVEAL] 'Essential' laundry technique to dry clothes quickly  [REPORT] Homes guru's laundry must-have makes clothes dry faster [INSIGHT] Alyssa then showed her sponges, in which she showed a massive box filled with one brand of sponges. She said: “As you can see, I love my Scrub Daddy.” The professional cleaner explained that she liked these sponges, as they come in different themes, such as a Scrub Mommy which is a scrubber as well as a sponge, and also have designs for Christmas as well as Halloween, but also have plain ones as well. Alyssa also mentioned that they have Eraster Daddies, which she used instead of magic erasers and also have Scour Daddies, which are “great for ovens and stovetops.” She added she like Scrub Daddy because they have “so much stuff” so “you can switch out your whole sponge line.” Alyssa had some “honourable mentions” she recommended as well as she gave a tour of her supply closet. She said: “We have Aunt Fannies Wood Surface Cleaner, my favourite wood cleaner. It’s a lot safer than other products and it smells amazing. For her favourite toilet bowl cleaner, Alyssa explained she used Black Lysol Bottle Lime and Rust, and said: “I don’t go to a clean without it.” For her “last honourable mentioned” Alyssa showed the Bat Keepers Friend Soft Cleanser. She said: “I also love rhe spray one. This is great for rust, and like literally anything. Kitchen sinks, I love using it in sinks, so this stuff is amazing.” In the TikTok comment section, people praised Alyssa for her helpful advice and recommendations. One commentator said: “Thank you so much, I almost bought everything since you recommended it.” Another person said: “We own a commercial cleaning business, Spray away window cleaner for the win. What we won’t use, bleach, too much chance for liability from spills.” Somebody else wrote: “I just got the spray away glass cleaner. It’s so much better. My dog smudges up my front window. This works great. Thank you!” Alyssa applied with some smiley faces to show she was pleased her advice had worked out perfectly for the user.