NFL star Stefon Diggs appeared to put his future at the Buffalo Bills in doubt with a series of Tweets on Wednesday which has got every fanbase on high alert. The cryptic messages came after the three-time Pro Bowler had unfollowed his current team on Instagram which added even more fuel to speculation the 29-year-old wants out of Buffalo. “Don’t take things personal from people you don’t know personally,” Diggs tweeted. Before following it up with two near identical messages 30 minutes later that read: “It’s just business, don’t take it personal.” Diggs’ final salvo read: “That’s what they say at least …” The star man, who is coming off a season in which he registered 108 catches for 1,429 yards and a career-high 11 touchdowns, remains under contract with the Bills until 2027 and has formed a fearsome partnership with quarterback Josh Allen since he joined the franchise in 2020. Don't miss... Aaron Rodgers faces Packers dilemma as NFL teams decide on star [LATEST] NFL Draft prospect tears ACL before setting bench press record [LATEST] Tom Brady tipped to reverse NFL retirement again despite £316m deal [LATEST] As a result, it’s unlikely the Bills would entertain a trade for the man who earned First Team All-Pro honours in his debut season with the squad, yet rumours of a departure still persist. The Dallas Cowboys have emerged as a potential destination after Diggs revealed he grew up a Cowboys fan and harbours hope of one day playing alongside his brother, Trevon, who is currently on their roster. Diggs was also seen remonstrating with Allen as the Bills were eliminated from the play-offs in the AFC Divisional round against the Cincinnati Bengals which, after Wednesday’s mysterious social media posts, has added weight to rumours which only continue to gather pace. Like several other franchises, the Bills have their work cut out this offseason to make manoeuvres for the new campaign. However, General manager Brandon Beane is under more pressure than most to ensure that the roster is equipped to contend for a Super Bowl this season and finally make good on their potential.