Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham has called the decision to allow Kai Havertz to retake his penalty "a joke" and explained how Kai Havertz's run-up was to blame. Chelsea progressed to the quarter-finals of the Champions League with a dramatic 2-0 win over Dortmund on Tuesday night. Raheem Sterling levelled the tie on aggregate with a well-taken finish in the first half after Chelsea dominated the game. But it was Havertz's winning penalty that caused plenty of controversy. Dortmund players were left furious after referee Danny Makkelie pointed to the spot after adjudging Marius Wolf to have handled the ball inside the box. Havertz stepped up to take the resulting spot-kick, but saw his effort cannon off the post back into the box before Dortmund cleared the ball. However, Dortmund's celebrations were soon cut short when Makkelie indicated the penalty would need to be retaken for encroachment. Replays showed that several players from both sides had encroached into the box, but it was Salih Ozcan who is said to have been the guilty party as he was the one who ended up clearing the ball away.  Havertz took the ball again to redeem himself and this time was able to find the bottom corner with Dortmund players protesting with the referee. The Bundesliga outfit were unable to find a way back into the match towards the end with Chelsea progressing to the next round. After the match, it was clear to see Dortmund's frustrations as several players were seen marching up to confront the officials. Bellingham admitted afterward that he didn't want to risk a fine by giving his full opinion on the referee's decisions over the penalty incident.  Don't miss... Chelsea boss Graham Potter breaks character in job-saving Dortmund win [LATEST] Chelsea ratings as three Graham Potter stars get nines in BVB triumph [LATEST] Chelsea vs Dortmund kick-off delay explained as fans made to wait [LATEST] However, the England international felt it was "a joke" that Chelsea were given the chance to retake their spot-kick, explaining that Havertz's stop-start run-up was always going to lead to players encroaching into the box. "From where I was it looked pretty close and I'm not sure what more he can do with the hand," Bellingham said on the intial penalty being awarded. "It's a yard or two away, I'm not too sure. But I don't wanna get in trouble." He added: "That in itself was disappointing and the fact that they've had a retake, I think it's a joke. "I think for every penalty, especially when you have such a slow run-up, there's gonna be people encroaching into the box by a yard or so. But that's the game I suppose. He's made the decision."