At a time of rising energy costs and high inflation, we are now seeing a huge slump in demand for electric cars as the average motorist simply cannot afford them and doesn’t trust them. I look at the £10,000 difference between an electric VW Golf and a similar sized ordinary VW Golf and wonder how the government expects people to afford the switch. It is an undeniable truth that those that are most likely to be dependent on cars for work are those that are least likely to be able to afford an extra £10,000 cost. However, there are more problems with the government’s planned net zero ban on new petrol and diesel cars than its highly impractical nature. Range anxiety and increasing charging costs, if a working charging point can be found, are reducing take up of EVs. It is clearly unpopular; a majority of the public think it should be cancelled or delayed. New polling from Savanta ComRes, commissioned by the Alliance of British Drivers, shows that 54 percent of the public think that the date for banning the sale of new petrol and diesel cars should be pushed back to later than 2030 or that there should not be a ban at all. The government should take note of this, as our voters are even more likely to disagree with the government’s plans. Banning new petrol and diesel cars in 2030 was not part of our manifesto. Our voters would not have supported in such great numbers if it had been. How do I know this? That same ComRes polling demonstrates that Conservative supporters are even more likely to support a cancellation or delay of the ban, with almost 60 percent in favour. However, it is not just this rushed ban on cars that the government needs to consider. Half the country thinks that the various taxes (vehicle tax, fuel tax, congestion and emissions charges) on motorists are too high. The total tax take, according to official figures, is £35 billion, but only £12 billion a year is spent on national and local roads. Motorists have been used as a cash cow for too long. Voters do not want any reduction in spending on roads with an unambiguous majority, 87 percent, calling for spending on our roads to either remain the same or be increased. We are all experiencing dangerous potholes. The government has to accept that the opinion of Londoners and their public transport options do not reflect the wider realities of the United Kingdom. Most people do not have the option of hopping on the underground system and are completely reliant on their cars to go to the shops, take children to school, get to work or travel anywhere. It is time to end the war on the motorist. A whole host of punitive measures, including ULEZ and congestion charges, risk driving poorer motorists off the roads. Electric cars are far more expensive than their fossil fuel equivalents and there are serious environmental questions about mining practices for the rare elements required and battery disposal. Some studies show that whole of life CO2 for EVs are no better than efficient combustion engine vehicles. It is bizarre that the government insists on delivering something that is clearly against the wishes of the British public. This is clearly an unpopular decision and will have a negligible impact on the welfare of the planet. The total environmental impact of this ban is irrelevant in the face of pollution from nations like China or India, who have no intention of following any form of Net Zero plan. Petrol and diesel cars are becoming more and more efficient every day but we risk stopping future technological improvements that would surely come. The introduction of a ban on petrol and diesel cars on the arbitrary date of 2030 did not make sense when it was announced and does not make sense now.