The March 2023 PS Plus Essentials are about to be released by Sony. The next batch of free PS4 and PS5 games have a March 7 release date. Headlined by Battlefield 2042, the free games will be available to download and play from around 10am GMT UK time. If you're a PlayStation Plus subscriber, then consider this your final warning to grab the February 2023 line-up of The Evil Dead, OlliOlli World, Mafia Definitive Edition and Destiny 2 Beyond Light. The February free games will be replaced by Battlefield 2042, Code Vein and Minecraft Dungeons. After a somewhat troubled launch, Battlefield 2042 developer DICE has made multiple improvements to the first-person shooter. The multiplayer shooter supports 128 players on PS5, and 64 players on PS4. "Battlefield 2042 is an exhilarating first-person shooter that marks the return of the iconic all-out warfare the franchise is well known for. "Set in a near-future world transformed by disorder, you’ll have to adapt and overcome dynamic battlegrounds with the help of your squad and an arsenal of cutting-edge weapons and vehicles. "With support for 128 players on PlayStation 5, Battlefield 2042 brings unprecedented scale on vast battlegrounds across the globe." Code Vein, on the other hand, is described as the anime Dark Souls, featuring punishing gameplay and a colourful art style. "Team up with an AI partner or a friend in co-op multiplayer and venture out into a world of destruction in this story driven connected dungeon experience, using your combined strength to coordinate your approach and defend each other from surprise attacks or tackle overpowered enemies." Finally, Minecraft Dungeons takes the block-building visual style of Minecraft, but with more of an action-oriented gameplay style. "Fight your way through an all-new action-adventure game, inspired by classic dungeon crawlers and set in the Minecraft universe," reads the official description. "Brave the dungeons alone, or team up with friends. Up to four players can battle together through action-packed, treasure-stuffed, wildly varied levels – all in an epic quest to save the villagers and take down the evil Arch-Illager. "Unlock dozens of unique items and weapon enchantments for devastating special attacks. Fight up-close with melee swings, hang back with ranged attacks, or tank your way through swarms of mobs, shielded by heavy armour!"