Veterans must be given the same level of support that they received on the battlefield, Johnny Mercer declares today. The Veterans Minister says key services for former personnel have suffered from years of underinvestment and are too reliant on “paper records and outdated tech”. Outlining a major new review into the support veterans receive, Mr Mercer told the Daily Express “we live in a digital age - and it’s time our services reflected that”. The former soldier, who served on three tours in Afghanistan, revealed a new “chronic pain service” will be set up within weeks so veterans can access treatment services quickly. Under the new scheme, their GPs will be able to guide them to help. The inquiry into veterans' services , set to be announced today, will examine the support given to those finding a job, bereaved families, people looking for somewhere to live and former personnel who claim benefits, the Daily Express understands. Veterans’ Minister Johnny Mercer told the Daily Express: “Veterans deserve as much support off the battlefield as they had on it. “While the vast majority of our military personnel go on to live happy, healthy and successful lives, for those who struggle after leaving service, getting the right help - in employment, housing and health - can be an absolute lifeline. “They risk their lives for this country. “The least we can do is make sure the support they’re given meets the needs of today. Yet for too long veterans services have suffered from under-investment, and been over-reliant on paper records and outdated tech. “This is 2023. We live in a digital age - and it’s time our services reflected that. That’s why I have personally pledged to finally deliver the Veterans Digital ID card this year, to make it easier for ex-service personnel to access services across the country.” Officials are desperately trying to identify gaps within the system as services for veterans are currently overseen by two Government departments. Many fear veterans slip through the cracks and are left to fend for themselves. The Veterans Welfare Service, primarily set up to help those leaving the British Army, Royal Navy or Royal Air Force, is one of the key areas of the inquiry, the Daily Express understands. The Veterans Gateway - a helpline set up to signpost veterans towards support for debt, housing and mental health - will also be examined. Many personnel suffer from physical pain for the rest of their lives after years of gruelling physical exertions. Mr Mercer added: “In the coming weeks we will launch a new chronic pain service, which will create one simple clear path for veterans who have injuries from their time in the military to access care for long-term pain. And this year we will end veteran homelessness through Op Fortitude.” The Cabinet minister insisted the Government wants to “make good on our promise to make this country the best place in the world to be a veteran.” He told this newspaper: “It might be an infantry soldier leaving the Army after ten years, and looking for advice on what to do next. “Or a sailor who left the Navy two decades ago, and who has been coping fine - until the death of a loved one brings back painful memories from the past. Whatever the circumstances, our veterans need to be able to access support that is human, sensitive and that works for them. “As our support expands, we have to look carefully again at the efficiency and effectiveness of what we’re currently providing under the banner of Veterans UK. “Is accessing help too confusing? Are we doing too much in one area and not enough elsewhere? How can service provision be improved? These are key questions this review will answer.” The three-month probe will report back to defence minister Andrew Murrison and Mr Mercer, with recommendations for the future role of welfare support and provision of services. There is also some concern in Whitehall that services could also be duplicated. The Sunday Express revealed how a veteran felt like a “criminal” and one even considered committing suicide after trying to make a claim under the Armed Forces Compensation Scheme. The vast majority of veterans do not think the Ministry of Defence focuses enough on their physical or mental health. Minister for Defence People, Veterans and Service Families, Dr Andrew Murrison said: “We are eternally grateful for the service of all our veterans. "It's only right that we provide them with the support they deserve. This is why I and the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs have called for a review into the welfare provisions for veterans. “This is in no way a reflection of the efforts of every one of our fantastic teams, who are working so hard to provide enduring support, but part of our ongoing commitment to improving our offer for our serving personnel, veterans and their families.”