Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp could not hide his rage as a fan invaded the Anfield pitch to celebrate the Reds' seventh goal against Manchester United, but injured Andrew Robertson in the process before the full-time whistle blew to seal a historic 7-0 victory. Roberto Firmino got the seventh goal after poking the ball past David De Gea, sparking wild celebrations on Merseyside.  Mohamed Salah teased a ball into Firmino's path to fire past the Spanish goalkeeper to send further embarrassment to their rivals, as the goal prompted screams of laughter from Jamie Carragher on commentary as the Liverpool icon could not contain his delight. As the Liverpool squad celebrated the seventh and final goal of the game, Firmino's first after his agent confirmed that he would be leaving the club on a free transfer at the end of the season, Robertson was injured by a fan that had evaded security and invaded the pitch. The Scot's team-mates paused their celebrations and were concerned for the left-back who went down clutching his foot after a collision with the fan, who Klopp scolded as he was dragged away by security. Robertson was able to get back to his feet and complete the 90 minutes, however, in more positive news for Klopp. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans  Carragher detailed the scenes at Anfield after he was able to compose himself. "There’s people on the pitch! He might have taken his own left back out, the fan who came on," Carragher said to Sky Sports. "The reason they came on was Bobby Firmino - Si Senor! He [Jurgen Klopp] is not happy, but if Andy Robertson’s alright he’ll calm down. "That was the perfect thing today, could Bobby Firmino come off the bench today after the news that he’s not staying at the club and maybe get the winning goal? DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears  "No [it’s not quite the winner], but it feels like it because they’re beating Manchester United 7-0, and it could be eight! Salah again, fantastic. "You think the chance is gone but everything Liverpool have hit has gone in. That man is a bonafide Liverpool legend and that is the icing on the cake. He doesn’t even look." The incident was the only dampener on Liverpool's best result and performance of the season, putting seven past their fierce rivals as Darwin Nunez, Cody Gakpo and Salah got braces before Firmino's finish. 