President Joe Biden could witness the collapse of the United States next year as Texas lawmakers filed a bill pushing for the state's secession from the Union. The bill would allow Texas voters to say whether they want to quit the US to establish an independent Texan state in what has been dubbed Texit. If passed, the Texas Legislature passes the Texas Independence Referendum Act will allow the legislature to put a referendum on the 2024 election ballot. Bryan Slaton, who tabled the bill, insisted Texans have the right to have a vote on the future of the state in the Union. He said: "The Texas Constitution is clear that all political power resides in the people. "After decades of continuous abuse of our rights and liberties by the federal government, it is time to let the people of Texas make their voices heard." Slaton presented the proposed legislation on the 187th anniversary of the Alamo, insisting the "desire for liberty" still exists in the heart of modern Texans. JUST IN: Capitol guards acted as 'tour guides' escorting QAnon Shaman to the Senate in new footage He continued: "On the 187th anniversary of the fall of the Alamo, I'm proud to file this bill to let the people of Texas vote on the future of the state. "Texas was born out of the desire for liberty and self-governance, and that desire continues to burn in the hearts of all Texans." Under the Texit bill, lawmakers would be allowed to create a new committee to explore "the possibility of Texas independence from the Union" and to present "potential plans for independence to the Texas legislature." The motion was welcomed by the leader of the Texas National Movement, Daniel Miller, who said HB 3596 will help restore Texan authority. READ MORE: Prince Harry shoots himself in foot as US visa at risk over drug use admission Miller told Fox News: "The people of Texas will look back on this day as a historic first step in taking back our autonomy and our right to self-determination from the federal government." However, Slaton's bill was met with criticism from fellow Republicans in the State House. State Rep Jeff Leach dismantled the proposal as "ridiculous" and "seditious." Leach wrote on Twitter: "This same State Representative - who here is violating his very oath of office - will proudly pledge allegiance to the American flag every day when we commence #txlege session. "This ridiculous bill is the very definition of hypocritical & seditious treason & it is already dead."  DON'T MISS Missing woman chopped up by 'man who Googled how to be a killer' [CRIME] Mum has hands amputated after septic shock caused by C-section [INSIGHT] Pensioner, 80, mauled to death as police use axe to control dogs [LATEST] County Judge KP George commented: "I am proud to be an American and a Texan. This bill is literally un-American and represents how extreme some in our legislature have gotten. "I wish the legislature would focus on real issues to build a better Texas for all." Texans hoping to leave the Union have been warned they would face considerable legal obstacles, and a potential war. Under the 1868 Supreme Court case Texas v. White, the only way a US state can end membership of the Union is by "consent of the States" or "revolution." The judges argued that "when Texas became one of the United States, she entered into an indissoluble relation." They added: "The union between Texas and the other States was as complete, as perpetual, and as indissoluble as the union between the original States." Constitutional Studies Director Richard Albert said secession from the United States "would mean war" for Texas – but added that "this is not a battle Texas could win." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews