With so many diets on the market offering varying and more often than not, unreliable results, losing weight can be a challenge. Labib Choudhry dropped six stone by “eating in a calorie deficit” and focusing on his fitness with the help of Ultimate Performance. He revealed to Express.co.uk the exercise plan he followed to go from 17.6st (112kg) to 11.2st (71kg). Before losing weight, Labib said “as a youngster” he “had been quite confident and active at school, playing various sports teams”. “However, as I got older and moved on to university, I dropped much of my physical activity and switched to a less healthy life, focused on partying and eating out, which in turn led to significant weight gain. This was only exacerbated by my career in finance, which was high pressure, stressful and involved sitting at a desk for most of my day. “Before I even realised, in the seven years between finishing school and pursuing my career I had put on almost 40 kilos of fat. I had gone from being able to pick up clothes off the rack at stores to having to buy clothes online as they didn’t have my size in store.” Labib used to wear an XXL in tops and an XL in bottoms. When Labib moved out of his parent’s house and was cooking for himself, he explained how his “dietary habits were not great”. READ MORE: Queen Camilla loves eating ‘leftovers’ - a look at royal’s diet “At university, I would eat take-out multiple times a day, almost every day of the week. A pizza for lunch, and a kebab or curry for dinner. After starting work, I instead turned to snacking on chocolate bars and eating supermarket meal deals at lunch. Whilst I tried to cook myself food for dinner, often the portions were too large meaning I would overeat,” he said. As for exercise, Labib “often blamed my busy work schedule for many of my issues, telling myself I was focusing on my career”. “Due to my size, I had lost a lot of my confidence and would in turn refrain from speaking up during meetings, due to the fears I had that people would judge me on my appearance,” he added. “I lacked routine, and often found myself eating when I was feeling low and unhappy.” In terms of how long it took Labib to lose six stone, he said: “It took me roughly 13 months.” And to lose that weight he combined a healthy diet with lots of exercise. Don't miss... Fast food restaurant Kate Middleton ‘won’t take her children to’  [INSIDER] Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ [EXCLUSIVE] Cook ‘evenly crispy bacon every time’ with chefs unusual method [VIDEO] Labib said: “In all honesty, the only thing I focused on during my fitness journey was ensuring that I was eating in a calorie deficit. “I didn’t have to do any meal replacement diet or any keto diet, nothing like that. My diet was fairly unrestrictive and focused on moving away from deep-fried oily food and sugary snacks towards healthier filling (and tasty) options. This meant I ate more lean protein, such as chicken, turkey, or low fat beef mince. All cooked in one teaspoon/tablespoon of olive oil. “Alongside this, one portion boiled/roasted potato, plain white rice or couscous, and almost unlimited vegetables and fruits. Key to the above was ensuring I ate regularly and maintained portion control. “If I was going to eat out at a restaurant for a special occasion, I’d just make sure I made the healthier choice, perhaps have a starter and a main, rather than a main and a dessert.” READ MORE: Woman drops 5 dress sizes after making healthy change When it came to fitness, Labib explained: “At the start of my journey, my strength, stamina, and fitness were next to nothing. "I had some previous knee and back pain which meant my mobility wasn’t great either and could barely run. As such my exercise routine was low impact. “My exercise routine could be split into two: 1. Strength training: which focused on dynamic movements, and included exercises such as the hack-squat, the lat pull down, the chest press and weighted sledge runs. "2. Cardio training: which focused only on completing only 10,000 steps each day.” He also shared his reasons for choosing Ultimate Performance to help him overhaul his body: “Prior to my transformation with Ultimate Performance Kensington, I had tried every fad, diet, and exercise regime out there and ended up with no progress. I had tried the keto diet, juice diets, meal replacement diets and no carb diets. "I tried Cross Fit, HIT classes and Spin classes. Sure, when I first started, I made some progress, but often I would injure myself and relapse or diet too intensely and revert to snacking after a stressful day. Despite trying all these things, I always ended up in the same place as I started. “Therefore, I chose Ultimate Performance because I was sick and tired of not achieving my goals. I wanted to see the best possible results in the minimum amount of time. These are the professionals that work with film stars and footballers, so you know the help and advice you are getting from them is top class,” he said. “The trainers are relentless in ensuring you achieve your goal. They are constantly available to discuss any concerns and give advice no matter the time of day. They were focused on creating long-lasting positive habits. During my journey, I felt my trainer was invested in my success too.” Six stone is an impressive amount of weight to lose, but Labib revealed: “My proudest achievement was being able to finally throw away and donate my clothes from when I was at my largest. It felt like I was saying goodbye to the unhealthy version of myself for good. There is no way I will ever let myself return to that size and state again.” He also shared some advice for anyone else in a similar position: “Change will not come if you wait for some other time to solve your problems. You must be the change you seek. Investing time and money in your physical and mental health is the best decision you will ever make, there is no better time to start than now.”