WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Bachelor. The Bachelor's Zach headed on a European outing as the couples faced their last round of dates in Budapest. But ABC viewers are fuming at the "savage" way he cut ties with one of the girls after an uncontrollable ordeal. This week's episode saw the couples head out on the final dates before being taken to their hometowns as Zach edges closer to his perfect match. But it was Greer Blitzer who had arrived late after an unfortunate medical diagnosis. The sales rep, 24, had missed out on going on dates after catching COVID-19, but remained in Hungary. Zach decided to pay her a personal visit after she got the all-clear, telling host Jesse Palmer that he was "really excited to see her again". READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Despite his excitement, Zach explained: "When there is time that is continued to be taken away, it is jeopardising what Greer and I have." As he arrived to see her, Greer told Zach she felt "really, really good". She explained: "Obviously, like, when I found that I tested positive, like, feeling like my story with you was going to end really sucked. "So, I do see something between us and I guess, like, I was just wondering where you're at." In a brutal and unexpected move, Zach explained he was "still trying to piece all this together" despite saying their bond started "fast and hot". He told Greer: "I'm just following my gut, my heart, and to give a hometown rose, I need to feel 100 percent confident that I can see a future and I don't feel that. "I would never want to string you along." While almost sobbing and sniffling tears, a devastated Greer replied: "I completely understand." Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST] Bachelor Zach Shallcross branded a ‘total d**k’ by former star [LATEST] The Bachelor's Genevie Mayo explains her sling in key scene [LATEST] Fans raced to social media to complain about the "rough" dumping, with some saying Zach could have been "more compassionate". Twitter user @Nora_McManus wrote: "Did Zach really drag Greer all the way to Budapest to dump her? "He could’ve been more compassionate and not wasted her time." Account @saminotsam added: "We’re going to pretend Zach didn’t kick someone off the show because she had the nerve to get Covid?" @Sandsy02 fumed: "Jerk move sending Greer home after she got Covid. #thebachelor." While user @Queeeen_Bee explained: "Greer is taking it better than me .. so you give me the first impression rose, to never give me a one on one … & to top it off you give me COVID??" Also, @caliiinoel said: "Nah, i really feel for greer. "Gets covid, quarantines, gets flown to budapest just to get broken up with. i’d be so fucked up over that #TheBachelor " (sic) The Bachelor airs Mondays on ABC in the USA.