Multiple retail property agents have been approched by the company with a list of locations where it would consider opening a store. The retail giant is said to be looking for sites in central and outer London. TK Maxx is looking to open 28 new stores as part of a huge expansion plan in the UK. The retailer wants to launch shops across London, which are likely to be smaller-format branches. Among the list of potential sites for the stores are Holborn, in central London, and Notting Hill, West London. Other locations include Archway, Barnet, Elephant and Castle, and Upminster. TK Maxx's site requirements are for 10,000 to 30,000 square feet of space. Ten thousand square feet is a lot smaller than the retailer's usual shops. The company is said to be working with property consultancies KLM Real Estate and McMullen Real Estate to look for the potential new sites. TK Maxx is originally an American company, but it now has stores in Australia, Ireland, Germany, Poland, Austria, and the Netherlands. It is owned by American firm TJX Companies and was launched in the UK in 1994. DON'T MISS: Man dons women's clothes to the office and his wife 'doesn't mind'  [REAL LIFE] Greggs to bring back 'life changing' product to stores from tomorrow  [FOOD] Wetherspoon expected to close more pubs across the UK this month [PUBS] It now has around 58 branches in London and around 350 across the country. In January, the company confirmed it would open a new site in Watford. Last month, a TK Maxx spokesperson said: "We chose Watford as our European home almost 30 years ago, so we know the town's savvy shoppers love big brands and great style. "We've been working round the clock to secure a fabulous new location in the heart of the town." TK Maxx's expansion is good news for the future of the British high street, especially as some bricks and mortar stores have struggled to stay open since the Covid pandemic. Like TK Maxx, Poundland is another retailer that is doing well amid the uncertain, post-pandemic climate. Thanks to its popularity, Poundland is set to open multiple large shops across the country over the next few months. Currently, the retailer has plans to open 12 new stores in just a few weeks. Poundland has also confirmed the exact locations of the branches, as well as their opening dates. The shops will be dotted across Britain, with one on Glasgow's Crown Street opening first, on Saturday, March 11. A store in London will follow a week later, on March 18, as well as in Partick, Rotherham, Weston-super-Mare, and more. The Glasgow store will be the largest Poundland branch in Scotland, at a huge 18,380 square feet in size. The larger store openings come as part of wider plans for the retailer to open or relocate 50 new shops by the end of September this year. The plans will see the supermarket open half a million square feet of retail space and create an impressive 800 new jobs.