Rust forms when metal comes into contact with moisture and oxygen, so rust in showers, toilets and bathroom sinks is common. Rust can also accumulate if aerosol cans are placed on the floor or around the sink, as these are made from metal that corrodes. While there are specialised cleaning products on the market that will remove them, they do contain harsh chemicals. Instead, Gene Fitzgerald, home water treatment expert at BOS, has shared her go to methods. She said: “No matter how well - and how often - we clean our bathrooms, stains can still develop over time and one of the most unsightly of these are iron stains. “Reddish brown in colour, these stains can appear on grout, toilet bowls, sinks, showers and baths and even on surfaces and are usually caused by high levels of iron particulates in water, iron plumbing pipes or rusty water heaters. These rusty-looking iron stains can be particularly prevalent in hard water areas.” The first natural method Gene suggests households use to remove these stains are lemons or any other citrus fruits. The expert said: “You don’t always need harsh chemicals to clean your bathroom and to remove stains and, in many cases, reaching for the fruit bowl can be just as effective. READ MORE: Bring ‘yellowed’ bed sheets ‘back to life’ with 4p kitchen staple “Citrus fruits such as lemons, limes and grapefruit contain citric acid which is a really great cleaning agent.” For mild stains, Gene suggested cutting the fruit in half and using it as a scourer to gently remove the stain (households can also use bottled lemon or lime juice if they prefer). For tougher stains, make a paste from lemon juice and baking soda and spread it generously over the affected area. Leave the paste on for at least an hour (and cover with cling film for extra cleaning power). Once the hour is up, wipe away the paste with a cloth and then clean as normal. The expert added: “As a bonus, this cleaning method will leave your bathroom smelling pretty great too.” Don't miss... ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again [EXPERT] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [TIPS] Gardeners share what to ‘never’ do to orchids to avoid killing them [COMMENT] For those looking for the most cost effective citrus fruit to use, this will be lemons. A pack of four retails for 55p at Asda and Tesco - this works out as 14p per lemon. The second natural cleaning method to banish rust stains is to use white vinegar. Gene said: “White distilled vinegar is a fabulous cleaning agent and using it couldn’t be simpler. “Apply the vinegar directly to the stain and leave for half an hour or so before scrubbing with a toilet brush or toothbrush and then rinse.” READ MORE: 29p household staple to clean ‘dirty’ hidden fridge compartment The acetic acid in this common household product is acidic enough to dissolve rust. However, be sure to rinse items thoroughly after the rust has dissolved, since vinegar left on certain surfaces could cause damage. If these two natural cleaning methods have not proven to work, the expert suggested households turn to bleach as a last resort. She said: “For really stubborn stains, you can bring in bleach. However, do be careful to protect any fabric in the room such as towels as well as your own clothing.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Although removing those nasty stains will be the first priority, there are a couple of things to “avoid”. One of which are abrasive scourers. Gene explained: “While these may be tough on stains, they’re also tough on your porcelain and surfaces and can easily cause scratching and damage.” While Gene earlier suggested turning to bleach as a last resort, she advised resisting the urge to replace elbow grease with strong chemical cleaners as these can corrode bathroom surfaces and are extremely harmful to the planet. In addition to staining, high levels of iron in water can also cause a metallic taste or odour in the water, as well as clog pipes and plumbing fixtures over time. For those who suspect that their water has high levels of iron, they may want to explore options for treatment, such as a water softener or an iron filter.