Arsenal may have proven Gary Neville's concerns about their title credentials right, despite Saturday's dramatic 3-2 win against AFC Bournemouth. Mikel Arteta's side maintained their five-point lead over Manchester City with an astonishing second-half comeback. The Emirates Stadium fell silent on 57 minutes when Bournemouth raced into a shock 2-0 lead after Philip Billing netted the second-fastest Premier League goal of all time nine seconds after kick-off. Five minutes later, Thomas Partey breathed life into the hosts. Eight minutes after that, Ben White struck off the bench to equalise. As the allotted added time passed, Arsenal looked destined to drop two points and settle for a three-point lead over the chasing pack. But another super-sub, Reiss Nelson, struck gold in the 97th minute, sending the Emirates into raptures. The emotional scenes among the Arsenal players likely wouldn't have been far off the ones if they eventually lift their first title since 2004. However, the below-par performance for an hour and the celebrations after full-time shouldn't be viewed as a positive, according to Neville. JUST IN: Leicester board's four options to replace Brendan Rodgers He told The Overlap earlier this month: "It's too much emotion, too early for Arsenal. "To be that desperate and to celebrate that much with half the race still to go, it's not a good thing. "After the Aston Villa game, I can understand how big of a moment it was, but that level of celebration was quite desperate, quite early. "There were a lot of celebrations at the end of the game. The emotions are something that's a negative. It's not a positive for me in a title race." City boast all the experience when it comes to title challenges in the modern day, which has gone a long way in keeping Pep Guardiola's side popular favourites, despite their role as the chasers. DON'T MISS Liverpool and Man City could win with 15 Chelsea stars 'facing chop'Billionaire NBA and McLaren chief 'eyeing Everton takeover'Man Utd rocked by Raphael Varane injury scare ahead of Liverpool clash And Neville, who is no stranger to a Premier League title win himself, still tips the Citizens to retain on that basis. "Arsenal have struggled in latter parts of seasons, with last season the most recent example of this," Neville added. "This is why Manchester City will win the Premier League, because when it gets to the last 10 games, Arsenal will start to panic a little bit, the anxiety will kick in, pressure builds. "If Arsenal do it and win the league, it will be an unbelievable achievement, but they haven't been around the block like Manchester City." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here