A plague of rats has descended on a popular seaside resort town along the Welsh coast, sparking alarm among local residents. The rats - which are described "as big as cats" - have multiplied around Castle Beach in Tenby, Wales, in recent years. There is concern that the rats, which are nesting in the cliffs of the tourist destination, are endangering the future of the town. The rodent issue, which has been known in the town for years, flared up again recently after a shocking video went viral showing the enormous rodents running around the cliffs of Castle Beach. The video shows the rats scrambling around the rocks from hole to hole while the waves hit the rocks below. Outraged residents have urged the local Pembrokeshire council to act, as the rodent population continues to grow. Speaking to the BBC, local boatman Roger Miles said: "Early evenings, dusk, early morning, rats all over the place, really." JUST IN: Aristocrat 'had named baby girl she's charged with killing Victoria'  The boat captain continued: "There's a certain area where you see parts of the cliff have been eroded. "Rats as big as cats sometimes, they're really big rats. "It's been going on for a long time, it's been left alone, and something needs to be done about it." Resident Derek Brown added: "It's the structural damage they might be doing to the cliff face that is the big worry."  Another resident, Clive Dobbins, complained that the rats are now making their way from the beach into people's homes. Mr Dobbins said one rat made it into his living room, as he explained: "Suddenly, this thing dashed and hit my leg. "Quite a few people have told me, especially on this mountain here, they've seen clusters of them." Michael Linsday, who has run the local 'Dennis Cafe' for 30 years in the area, said that the rat infestation is the worst he has ever seen. DON'T MISS: 65p effective deterrent to stop rats invading gardens - ‘they hate’ it [TIPS]Weather maps show wall of snow to engulf Britain in DAYS [FORECAST]Sussexes should be 'very concerned' about declining US popularity [POLL]  He said there used to be someone who "dealt" with the rodent but that had stopped and the rats have since multiplied. Local councillor, Michael Williams, admitted that one of Wales' most popular beaches could become "unstable" due to the "major rat infestation". Pembrokeshire Council has advised people not to feed birds or drop food. The council have also sent in specially trained staff to investigate the cliff where the rats are supposed to be nesting. A Pembrokeshire Council spokesperson said: "We are aware of issues with rodents and the need of additional baiting points, and are working to address this concern. "We are using specialist staff to address the access to the cliff face: this may also allow us regular access for the future as well." 