London's most expensive property is set on four private acres at Regent’s Park and could become the most lucrative deal in the city’s history. The current record stands at an eye-watering £210million. The incredible home is called The Holme and has traditional Regency-stye architecture and Ionic-style portico and pediments at the entrance. With this in mind, the latest research by lettings and estate agents, Benham and Reeves, has revealed the most expensive home sales last year by region in England. Benham and Reeves analysed sold price records from the Land Registry and looked at residential property purchases that have been completed in 2022. The data revealed which region ranked top at the most expensive and how much the most expensive homes sold for in each region. Unsurprisingly, London sits top of the table as the region to have seen the most expensive home sold in 2022. READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again The property was a terraced home - No.1 Hyde Park Place in Westminster - which sold for a staggering £38.5million in January of last year. The home is in the heart of London and has great public transport connections with Marble Arch tube station just down the road as well as Lancaster Gate. The South East ranks in second place with the most expensive sale in 2022 being a detached home called Parkhill on East Road in the gated community of St Georges Hill in Elmbridge. The home sold for an eye-watering £16million in May last year. The home is almost palatial with landscaped gardens and plenty of land to go with it. Don't miss... Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [LATEST] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] The sellers 'most in danger' of their property sales 'collapsing' [ANALYSIS] Cherington Hill House in Stratford-upon-Avon was the most expensive home sold in the West Midlands last year, selling for £9.3million. In the South West, a detached home in Cornwall called Moonshadow sold for £8.125million. In the East of England, No.31 Newlands Avenue in Hertsmere can in at a cool £6.5million. While in the North West, the most expensive sale of 2022 was No.15 South Downs Drive in Hale, Trafford which sold for £6million. READ MORE: House prices crash all over the world. UK may be next No.13 Adderstone Crescent in Newcastle was the most expensive home in the North East commanding £5.3million. In the East Midlands, Normanton Manor in Rushcliffe went for £4.55million, while Douthwaite Hall in Ryedale was the most expensive home sold in Yorkshire and the Humber at £4.13million. Finally, Shirecombe in the Southgate area of Swansea sold for £2.5million making it the most expensive transaction seen across Wales in 2022. Director of Benham and Reeves, Marc von Grundherr, said London remains “unrivalled” when it comes to the highest amount of money being spent on one singular property. Marc said: “Despite the rate of house price growth across London trailing the rest of the nation throughout the pandemic property market boom, the region remains home to the highest property values in the land. “The capital is also unrivalled when it comes to the highest sum of money changing hands during a singular property transaction, with even the South East failing to come close in this respect. “It’s also important to note that when it comes to the most expensive homes sold, the Land Registry doesn’t record properties sold by offshore companies, where shares are sold and the sale is therefore not recorded. “We had one such sale last year to the tune of £20million on Berkeley Square and so the likelihood is that London’s most expensive house sale even eclipses that of No.1 Hyde Park Place. “Still, it’s fascinating to see how the value paid for the most expensive home in each region differs and doing so really highlights the fragmented nature of the market, with a gap of £36million between London and Wales. “That’s not to say that the homes being purchased are any less impressive and it really does highlight the premium a property will carry, simply because it’s located within London.”