Helen Flanagan, 32, later chuckled affectionately and called her son "beautiful", but admitted that "these tantrums are next level". The divisive video footage, which she posted on Instagram, came just days after the toddler was rushed to hospital with a broken collarbone. She had slung her son over her shoulder, before blaming the "terrible twos" era for his bouts of wailing. In a subsequent video, as the toddler grasped her face, she reassured him that he could be her "boyfriend" but urged him to "stop moaning". The former Coronation Street star had been trying to get a spot of shopping done earlier this week when little Charlie erupted into anger and upset. After his tearful tantrum, she told him: "Listen, you can be my boyfriend but you've got to stop moaning and stop being so greedy." READ NOW: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' It has been less than a week since Charlie was rushed to A&E after breaking his collarbone during a day out at a Kent theme park. Helen later recalled the terrifying experience on Instagram in view of her one million followers. "We went to a water park and Charlie slipped, really really badly and it was awful, absolutely horrendous," she agonised. “I had to get an ambulance and he had snapped his collarbone into two.... I spent like six hours in the hospital at Stoke." She added that she'd been told very little could be done to stop her son's agony, as "apparently it mends by itself". Helen concluded plaintively: "It's horrible when you're a mum and you just wish you could take every pain away from them." She followed up last weekend, assuring fans that her two-year-old was on the mend. "Thank you for your lovely messages about Charlie. He's okay, just plenty of medicine, cuddles and attention and lots of snacks," she explained. Yet fans were divided over her sharing footage of the subsequent tantrum. One follower blasted: "Why film it? Attend to your son instead of attention seeking", while another empathised: "Maybe he is in pain from his broken collarbone and didn’t want dragging round a shopping centre?" However, other viewers praised Helen for adapting well to life as a single parent of three boisterous young kids and exclaimed: "It can't be easy." DON'T MISS... Phillip Schofield enrages Billie Faiers by being ‘b****y to her' [LATEST] Ozzy Osbourne details Sharon's stern words when he cancelled tour [INTERVIEW] Paul O'Grady fumes BBC Radio 2's host shake-up 'doesn't make sense' [OPINION]  In other news about the actress and social media star, she has reportedly decided to join celebrity dating app Raya following her split from Charlie's father, Scott Sinclair. According to a source published by the Sun, she has decided it is time to move on after ending her 13-year relationship with the England footballer. She shares three children with him - Charlie and his two older sisters, four-year-old Delilah and seven-year-old Matilda. Helen's former Coronation Street co-star Lucy Fallon, who previously played Bethany Platt, has opened up to OK! magazine on her state of mind, suggesting that she seems "normal and happy" after the split. However, it's early days yet, and she has been flooded with support from Instagram fans after admitting her son's tantrums could get a little intense. She and Scott had been planning a 2024 wedding date, before calling a halt to the preparations and then calling time on their relationship altogether. Helen had already told the world she intended that Charlie would be her last baby, before her breakup. This isn't the first time she's had parenting woes, as she opened up to Instagrammers in April 2022 to agonise that her son simply would not eat. "I'm going to take him to a specialist this week. He eats nothing and I'm still feeding him like he's six months," she explained. However, she stated she had confidence that, like big sisters Matilda and Delilah, once out of his "terrible twos" phase, Charlie would prosper.