Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has vowed to put an end to the migrant crisis with tough new measures to be unveiled this week. He said he will not flinch from doing what is necessary to halt the tide of people crossing the Channel on small boats, declaring: “Make no mistake, if you come here illegally, you will not be able to stay.” Mr Sunak believes he has found the answer to a problem which has dogged the Government for the past four years after weeks of work carried out in relative secrecy by senior aides in the Home Office and No 10. The group has drawn up new laws to slam a “brake” on any abuse of human rights laws that allows illegal migrants to escape deportation from the United Kingdom. It is hoped it will stop activist lawyers using the right to family life and legislation created to combat modern slavery to stop their clients being kicked out. The PM said yesterday: “I have made the issue of illegal migration one of my top five priorities – pledging to stop the boats once and for all. “Illegal migration is not fair on British taxpayers, it is not fair on those who come here legally and it is not right that criminal gangs should be allowed to continue their immoral trade. “I’m determined to deliver on my promise to stop the boats. “So make no mistake, if you come here illegally, you will not be able to stay.” High stakes are riding on the success of the crackdown, with aides warning that failure would damage Tory chances at the nextgeneral election. Last year more than 45,000 people arrived by small boat, of whom 90 per cent claimed asylum. Home Office sources say that without drastic action, the figure will hit 80,000 this year. The Illegal Migration Bill, to be announced on Tuesday, will give the Government new powers to allow the mass detention of thousands of asylum seekers before they are sent to Rwanda. The Bill, which comes just three days before the Prime Minister meets French president Emmanuel Macron, will make all asylum claims from those who arrive on small boats inadmissible, placing a duty on ministers to remove “as soon as reasonably practicable” anyone who comes through that route. It would not only remove the right to stay in the country to have their case heard, but would permanently ban them from returning. Mr Sunak believes his predecessors failed to stop people making the treacherous journey because they buckled under liberal pressure and did not secure the powers needed to remove illegal migrants. Last night, a Downing Street source said: “Successive governments have talked a good game on curbing illegal migration, but ultimately pulled their punches – and the small boats just kept coming. “We are going to be taking decisions no other government has been willing to take because there are no chances left on this issue.” The insider added: “We have got to make it clear that coming here illegally is not an option and you will be detained and removed if you try. That’s the only fair and humane way forward.” The Prime Minister and Home Secretary Suella Braverman can expect intense controversy but “reticence around legal risk” is considered a key reason why past attempts to shut down routes have previously failed. This time, the duo are understood to have “pushed the boundaries” of what is possible within Britain’s international obligations. Conservative MPs insist this is a top issue for voters ahead of the next election, with exclusive Techne polling revealing the depth of public frustration. Nearly six out of 10 people (57 per cent) say the Government has been “too slow” with legislation to deal with small boats crossings. Only 23 per cent disagreed. But Labour has set out a series of tests before it will support the proposed legislation. Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said: “We need a proper, practical plan to stop the criminal gangs, prevent dangerous small-boat crossings, clear the asylum backlog and end inappropriate and costly hotel use. “Every time the Conservatives have put forward laws, they have made the problem even worse.” “Labour is calling urgently for a major new cross-border police unit to go after the criminal gangs, fast tracking asylum decisions and returns, and a new agreement with France and Belgium that can stop the dangerous crossings.” Alp Mehmet, of Migration Watch, believes it is vital the problem is resolved quickly He said: “The issue of small boats is hugely important because of the dangers inherent in taking in large numbers of mainly young men without being certain of who they are, where they’re from and what their true intentions are. “The highly visible failure to stop the boats also discredits our ability to protect our borders and encourages traffickers. “New legislation must address the loopholes in the system and legal framework which must be plugged, once and for all. “Anyone arriving illegally should not be considered for asylum nor permitted to remain.” Veteran Tory Michael Fabricant is another pressing for action. The 72-year-old Lichfield MP said: “One of the Government’s five priorities is to stop the boats. It’s one of the electorate’s too. “It’s essential we start the legislative process and try to make it as legally secure as we can so the law sticks and isn’t disrupted by the courts.” But Tim Naor Hilton, chief executive of Refugee Action, warned the Government’s strategy would not work. He said: “Deterrence will never work because a tiny minority of people fleeing war and persecution will always need the UK to be a place to seek safety. “Ministers refuse to accept this reality and it’s putting more lives at risk.”