Sophie, the former Countess of Wessex, has become the Duchess of Edinburgh on her husband's birthday. Royal Family officials announced her new title today, which she automatically assumes following the decision for Prince Edward to become the new Duke of Edinburgh. The surprise change was made on the Duke's 59th birthday and comes nearly a two years after the death of Prince Philip, his father and the previous title holder. In a statement, Buckingham Palace announced he would inherit the late Prince's title from today, making him the Duchy's second holder, with his wife to become the new Duchess. Buckingham Palace said: “His Majesty The King has been pleased to confer the Dukedom of Edinburgh upon The Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex and Forfar, on the occasion of His Royal Highness’s 59th birthday. "The title will be held by Prince Edward for His Royal Highness’s lifetime. “The Dukedom was last created for Prince Philip in 1947, upon his marriage to Princess Elizabeth, who held the title of Duchess of Edinburgh before acceding to the throne in 1952." READ MORE: Prince Edward confirmed as new Duke of Edinburgh “The new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential.” Sophie has long been praised as a safe pair of hands and has recently been branded the Royal Family's "secret weapon" by courtiers due to her hard-working nature. She was close to the late Queen, calling her 'mama' and the pair spoke regularly. The new honours also pass down to other members of his immediate family, but not everyone.  The Duke's birthday gift means that his son, James, the former Viscount Severn, becomes the new Earl of Wessex. His daughter, Lady Louise Windsor, is the odd one out, as she is the only royal in the Edinburgh family not to have a title change.  While the announcement of the family's new assignment may appear to have come out of the blue, the decision is one that has been long in the making. Prince Philip had wanted his youngest son to inherit his title, and he was tipped to do so after he died in April 2021. After his death, the Duchy floated to then Prince Charles, but the royal never exercised the honour. Now King, he has handed over the title to his youngest sibling despite reports that he favours a slimmed-down monarchy. The process of making Edward a Duke was not instantaneous, as Charles would have needed to issue a new Letters Patent. The document, issued under the Great Seal of the Realm, is necessary to change the title of a Royal Family member. The new Duke and Duchess have commemorated the occasion with an official visit to Edinburgh. The couple will attend a reception marking the first anniversary of the conflict in Ukraine.