The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have confirmed they've received invites to the Coronation in May but it seems that their children are not on the guest list. According to Royal biographer Tom Bower, the ban on Prince Archie Harrison, 3, and Princess Lilibet Diana, 1, is an attempt to keep Harry and Meghan Markle away. Notorious Sussex critic Bower, 76, appeared on a recent GB News segment to discuss the event on May 6 - which is also Prince Archie's fourth birthday. "For people who wish the Sussexes would not be invited, it might give an excuse for the Sussexes not to come - anything to prevent Harry and Meghan being in Westminster Abbey, I think," he said. Speculation about Meghan and Harry's presence at the Coronation has been rank since King Charles III ascended the throne. The Sussexes have spent much of the last few years throwing so-called "truth bombs" from their multi-million pound retreat in Montecito, California. Relations reached a new nadir at the start of this year when the pair's eponymous Netflix series and Harry's book Spare combined with a slew of promotional interviews trashed the Royals in general and several members of the family in particular. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap Bower also spoke on the significance of Commonwealth Day on Monday March 13. "It's very important because Charles really didn't have anything to do with the Commonwealth for many, many years," he said. "It jeopardised the whole leadership of the Commonwealth club which of course, was a huge, important institution created by the Queen, and Charles had to be persuaded, if not even bullied into visiting Africa and other Commonwealth countries in the Caribbean, to reinforce the ties of that amazing institution, that amazing collection of 54 countries. "It is very important as well today because the damage that Harry and Meghan have done in their woefully inaccurate and outrageous allegations that the British Royal Family was racist means that Charles needs to reinforce the relationship between Britain and the Commonwealth and especially the Caribbean, African and Asian countries. "It is his moment to pledge that he will actually look after Britain's interests and also the Commonwealth's interests, and make sure that the glue of this extraordinary organisation remains solid and will not be undermined by the Sussexes’ outrageous allegations of racism." While talking to Breakfast presenters Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster, the biographer went on to recall Harry and Meghan’s last appearance as working royals. "It was the moment where we realised what a huge chasm there was between the Sussexes and Cambridges," he stated. "We didn't realise what was to come and no one could have anticipated when we saw that very frosty look that the Duchess of Cambridge gave Meghan, that would provoke the Oprah Winfrey interview, the biography by Harry and all the terrible, terrible things that have come out of California. "It reminds us of the crisis the monarchy is in and the potential dangers I think for King Charles if he has Harry and Meghan at his coronation." It comes after The Sunday Telegraph reported correspondence from Buckingham Palace which did not include any mention of the children being invited to the ceremony. Don't miss... Police dog steals the show as BBC Breakfast fans praise pooch [EXCLUSIVE] Michelle Yeoh on 'beacon of hope' for Asian community after Oscar win [VIDEO] Coronation Street's Harvey Gaskell star teases return [LATEST] Harry and Meghan have allegedly received no guidance on whether the children will be allowed to attend. A royal source noted that Archie and Lilibet are "very young" and might struggle to cope with the ceremony. Prince George, 9, and Princess Charlotte, 7, are expected to be involved in the service. Queen Consort Camilla's five grandchildren are also expected to take an active part in the ceremony. It is believed the Prince and Princess of Wales are still considering whether to bring along Prince Louis, who will turn five next month, to the service. The King himself was a four-year-old when he was present at the Coronation of his mother, the late Queen Elizabeth II, in 1953, while Princess Anne was three. There has been speculation for some time about whether the Sussexes themselves would be invited to attend following the events of the last couple of years, which has seen the couple publish several accusations against the Royal Family. Breakfast airs daily from 6am on GB News.