Netflix is at it again, bringing out another true crime series for subscribers to get obsessed over. In recent years, there has been Making A Murderer, The Pharmacist, Dirty Money and Conversations with a Killer, just to name a few. Now, Monique Olivier: Accessory to Evil, will be added to that list as the docu-series comes out on Thursday, March 2. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Monique Olivier: Accessory to Evil.Michel Fourniret and Monique Olivier's paths first crossed when she responded to an advert he placed in a newspaper, looking for a penpal. This was in the 1980s when he was behind bars, serving time for sexual assault. Their letters later revealed that upon his release in 1987, if Fourniret was to kill her first husband, she would assist him in finding young virgins. Just two months after he was released, their murder spree began through France and Belgium, lasting almost two decades. READ MORE: Emmerdale producer details one of the ‘most powerful' episodes ever Fourniret became known as the Beast of the Ardennes, having kidnapped, raped and murdered nine girls and women over a 14-year period after he came out from prison. It is thought he was behind up to 21 more murders where all of them were either stabbed to death with a screwdriver, strangled or shot. Among the victims was 20-year-old Leeds University language student Joanna Parish who was killed in the Burgundy countryside in May 1990. It was only in June 2003 that Fourniret was finally caught when he tried to kidnap a 13-year-old girl but she was able to unbind her hands and escape his van. She gave the police his licence plate number and Fourniret was subsequently arrested. Fourniret's wife Olivier was revealed to have helped him commit the murders, picking up the victims and driving around the wooden Ardennes area with their baby son in the back. She was accused of helping him track down and capture the young women before assisting in hiding their bodies. When he was arrested, Olivier told Belgian police in 2004 that he had committed nine murders which she had participated in several of. As a result, the former nurse was given a minimum sentence of 28 years in prison, which she is still serving, for her complicity in multiple murders, including that of Joanna Parrish. DON'T MISS...Death in Paradise's Dwayne Myers to reunite with Darlene  [SPOILER]Julie Walters pulls out of Channel 4 drama due to ill health  [HEALTH]Virgin River's Alexandra Breckenridge sparks fury with season 5 update [CAST] Her husband, on the other hand, was convicted of seven other murders in May 2008 and sentenced to life in prison with no possibility of parole. A decade later he informed the examining magistrate that he did murder Parrish. Unfortunately, he was never held accountable for her death as he died in October 2021, aged 79, before he was able to stand trial. Olivier reportedly told a fellow prisoner that his victims "greatly exceeded" 30. It is also believed she will likely stand trial herself at the end of this year for her role in the murder of Joanna. She is also going to be tried for the kidnapping of Estelle Mouzin in 2003 in Seine-et-Marne and the 1988 kidnapping of Marie-Angèle Domèce in Yonne. As of yet, a date hasn't been set for when she is going to be tried again for her crimes. Monique Olivier: Accessory to Evil premieres on Thursday, March 2, on Netflix.