Chelsea boss Graham Potter will have breathed a sigh of relief following the Blues’ 2-0 win over Borussia Dortmund as they advanced to the quarter-finals of the Champions League on Tuesday. The tie was the second in two crucial home games for the former Brighton man, who had seen pressure increasingly grow regarding his position at the club. Potter had put one criticism to bed in victory over Dortmund, as his side scored the required two goals in a game for the first time in 2023. Raheem Sterling gave the hosts the lead before half-time with a thrashed shot past Alexander Meyer before a controversial Kai Havertz penalty put the hosts ahead over the two legs. VAR awarded the spot kick for handball by Marius Wolf before Havertz’s initial penalty was missed, though due to encroachment from the visitors he was given a second chance and that time tucked the ball past the goalkeeper. The full-time whistle prompted joyous scenes at Stamford Bridge as the crowd appeared to be behind the team and Potter for the first time in several weeks. However, pressure will still remain on the head coach if he cannot use the Dortmund result as a springboard for future success and one issue still remains within his team. In each of the last nine times when Chelsea have conceded the first goal to their opponents, they have gone on to lose the game. Don't miss... Enzo Fernandez in 'special moment' with Chelsea fan after Dortmund win [REACTION] Arsenal, Newcastle, Fulham, Dortmund (in the first leg), Southampton, Tottenham and Manchester City on three separate occasions have all taken the lead against Chelsea in recent months and then went on to claim victory. Potter will be concerned over his side’s inability to recover after conceding first, as they have not even claimed a single draw in the last nine games the opposition has taken the advantage. He will hope that the squad has the mental fortitude to quickly rid themselves of the mental block that has stopped them from overturning a deficit, though has recently praised their mentalities. Don't miss... Peter Schmeichel hits back at Jamie Carragher after dressing down [QUOTES] Chelsea stars 'still annoyed' at Potter with 'easy solution' feeling [LATEST] Havertz compared to Van Persie after Chelsea clinch Dortmund win [ANALYSIS] “It's not just this evening, we've had a tough period,” Potter said after the win over Dortmund. “We had to respond against Leeds. We played a good game against Dortmund away but we lost. "We had a poor first half against Southampton and then it can quickly spiral into another unpleasant situation. We've had to stick together and the players have done that.” And Potter will be keen to ensure that in future, should Chelsea fall behind in matches, they show the same resilience they displayed against Dortmund. Otherwise, if the Blues continue to be vulnerable when conceding first, Potter will not have long left.