Lionel Messi splashed out on a luxury Ferrari sports car worth more money than what Michael Jordan earned in just one NBA season, according to reports. The seven-time Ballon d'Or winner remains one of the highest-paid footballers in the world, with the Argentine penning a lucrative deal with Paris Saint-Germain back in 2021. Messi picked up a reported £43m ($51m) salary a year while plying his trade in Ligue 1 last season, whilst receiving an additional £39.9m ($48m) through endorsements. As a result, the forward can afford to buy luxuries most of us can only dream of - and that includes a stunning collection of sports cars. The most valuable of those is a Ferrari 335 S Spider Scaglietti, with only four of the cars ever made. Messi’s motor is valued at an eye-watering £29.1m ($35m), according to Goal. The report adds Messi beat Cristiano Ronaldo to the car after winning it in an auction in 2016. Boasting a speed of 300kmph, the 4.0 litre monster is worth more than what Jordan earned during one single NBA season. The former Chicago Bulls basketball star got his hands on six NBA championships, along with six NBA Finals MVP awards. Jordan’s most profitable campaign came in 1997-98 after the now 60-year-old pocketed £27.7m ($33.2m). Toni Kukoc, who played with Jordan at the Bulls, previously spoke with Ivan Rakitic, who played with Messi at Barcelona. The Croatia international drew comparisons between the two sporting greats - Jordan and Messi - when speaking on NBA Europe’s YouTube channel. He said: "For us in soccer, what Messi means is Michael Jordan in basketball. With both these two guys, they know that without the team behind they’ll never get all they did in their career.” Messi currently has 28 goals in 62 appearances for PSG since arriving from Barcelona in the summer of 2021. The World Cup winner has been heavily linked with a move to the MLS in recent months, with Inter Miami expected to pounce after his contract expires this summer. Meanwhile, Phil Neville recently admitted that Inter Miami are interested in both Messi and Busquets. Speaking to The Times, Neville said that both players are on his radar in what would be a huge coup for Major League Soccer. Affirming his plans, the former Manchester United man said: "I’m not going to deny [it and say] there isn’t truth in the speculation that we’re interested in Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets. "We want to bring the best players in the world to this football club. Messi and Busquets are the two that stand out more in recent years. They're great players who would still be a massive benefit to this organization. For MLS, it would be a game-changer."