American TV host Gayle King pointed out why the Sussexes' children have been handed new royal titles during CBS Mornings. The 68-year-old revealed the key change which enabled the pair to become a Prince and Princess following Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor christening in California. She said: "They [Buckingham Palace] said it couldn't be done until he [Charles] was named King." Co-host Nate Burleson replied: "Right, so now they are ... That's great. Happy for them." Buckingham Palace announced how several blue-blooded Brits had their titles altered. Addressing Lilibet and Archie's change, Buckingham Palace said the royal website "will now be updated in due course" to reflect the titles. JUST IN: Ron DeSantis privately telling people he will challenge Donald Trump for 2024 GOP ticket A royal source also confirmed Charles was notified of Meghan and Harry's intention to use the titles for their children, adding: "The appropriate conversations have taken place ahead of today’s news (of Lilibet’s christening)." A spokesman for the Sussexes said: "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became Monarch. "This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace." Prince Edward and Sophie Wessex were also promoted to become the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh. The couple's son James will now be referred to as the new Earl of Wessex but Lady Louise will not take on a new title. The change for Archie and Lilibet follows rules established by King George V in 1917 as the children of a son of a sovereign are automatically afforded the title of Prince or Princess. They will also be able to use an HRH if they choose to use it. However, Archie and Lilibet's titles previously caused controversy following the Sussexes' interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021.  DON'T MISS: Alex Murdaugh claims he's a victim of 'vitriol and misguided attacks'  [LATEST] Miracle as girl, 8, kidnapped in 2018 found alive in Mexico [REVEALED] Dad investigated leads he 'dreamt up' in 42-year search for daughter [INSIGHT] Meghan told Winfrey: "The first member of colour in this family (was) not being titled in the same way that other grandchildren would be." She insisted: "It’s not their right to take away." Winfrey asked: "Do you think it’s because of his race?" Meghan replied: "In those months when I was pregnant, all around this same time, so we (had) the conversation of he won’t be given security, he’s not going to be given a title." The Duchess added: "And, also, concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he’s born." 