Scottish journalist and presenter Andrea McLean, 53, revealed in a new interview that the best way to approach her was to initiate a natural conversation. She also referenced her position and fame as a deterrent for most people. She said: “Because I’m so well known, people come up, and they kind of talk at me; they rarely talk with me. “They’re not actually having a conversation with me, and it makes me feel so shy and awkward. “I’d rather talk to the waiters and waitresses”. When journalist Emma Gunavardhana of The Emma Guns Show podcast asked how people could connect with her, she said: “Come say hello. Come and have a chat.” READ MORE... Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria Regarding people who contacted her with favours, she commented: “Funnily enough, it depends how someone asks; sometimes I will happily do it just because you’re really cheeky and fun”. However, she said that her boundaries have led to misunderstandings: “There have been people who have thought I was up myself and snobby, and 'Who does she think she is'. “And it’s not, it’s actually that I’m very shy, and maybe you’ve just come at me.” She joked “buy me a drink first”, stating that it was similar to marriage or a date. Speaking on marriage, the two-time divorcee spoke about her happy marriage to businessman Nick Feeney, 53, who she married in 2017. She revealed that both parties didn’t want to go on a date set by friends but were too polite to decline. She said: “Our relationship started from a place of real vulnerability because we opened up immediately about how we were feeling and experiences that we’d had in a way that we never should have.” However, she added that talking about their mistakes allowed them to be honest, “we kind of rebuilt each other”. Don't miss... Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [LATEST] Eamonn Holmes accuses BBC of 'dismissing staff as they're too old' [OPINION] Strictly's Ola Jordan 'walks around naked' amid weight loss [COMMENT] Andrea also shared that she has only dated four men, three of whom were her former partners: “My experience is quite shallow, in terms of depth of experience. “Now I look back, and I feel sorry for that person, that me, because it was never going to be any different to what it was.” She also revealed that working in live broadcasting over the years had helped with some of her anxiety and ability to remain calm in professional situations. She said: “Years of live television, you have to be good at handling immediate crises, and then afterwards, you can think that was quite scary.” Laughing, Andrea added: “I’m very calm in a crisis, and then flap and run around in circles.” However, she shared that she struggled more in her personal life because her approach to boundaries “goes totally out the window”. Concluding: “I don’t want to say anything that they’re not going like me anymore, which is utterly infuriating because what a ridiculous way to be."