This week's surprise was an especially moving one which saw dog lover Kerry Irving surprised by Line of Duty star Jason Watkins. Jason worked with The One Show to arrange a meeting with Kerry, pretending to be creating a documentary about dog walking. However, once the secret was revealed, Kerry burst into tears as he realised his incredible efforts were being praised by the BBC staple show. In 2006, Kerry was seriously injured in a traffic accident that left him suffering both physically and mentally. During his lowest point, Kerry sometimes stopped to pet his neighbour's dog, Max. Eventually, Max's owner moved away and Kerry adopted Max, who helped him recover and set him on a mission to give back. He started a charity called Max Out to help people get outside and improve their mental health. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead He also live-streams his walks and shares them online to inspire others. Max became a local celebrity and sadly died of old age last year, but a small statue was created in the Lake District town in his memory. Kerry still continues his work with his other dogs and has raised a lot of money for the Great North Air Ambulance. As Jason stood waiting for Kerry at the dog-walking hotspot, he explained to viewers that Kerry had no idea what was about to happen. Jason talked to Kerry about Max Out, and the outdoor enthusiast explained how "life improved dramatically" after he adopted the spaniel. Eventually, Jason revealed the surprise by gifting Kerry two dog collar tags that said: "One Big Thank You". "So do you know what that is?" the actor asked the bewildered charity founder. "This is The One Show..." he replied as it dawned on him what was happening. Don't miss... The Chase viewers fume as Anne loses in 'nightmare' final [REACTION] Coronation Street couple at risk of being torn apart after ex return [SPOILER] BBC 'happy to talk' with John Cleese over Fawlty Towers revival [LATEST] "It is The One Show," Jason confirmed before adding: "So we're just saying one big thank you to you for all your incredible work that you have done." Kerry took a few steps back and looked away as he became instantly tearful. Jason continued: "It's absolutely incredible," while Kerry sobbed: "You've got me now, you really have." He remained emotional as Jason explained: "You've raised so much money which is extraordinary. "But there are other people who'd like to say thank you as well." Jason led Kerry to a group of grateful supporters and friends. As some of their special thank yous were played out, Kerry had to keep wiping his eyes. Among the tributes were some from staff and volunteers at the Great North Air Ambulance. Following the messages, Kerry shook Jason's hand and joked: "I didn't cry once..." The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.