Crown Princess Mette-Marit of Norway, 49, married Crown Prince Haakon on August 25, 2001 at Oslo Cathedral. Mette-Marit happened to be a divorcee and a mother of one by the time she met Haakon, which reportedly caused a stir among royal circles at the start of their courtship in 1999. This was not the only way that Mette-Marit would break tradition at her royal wedding. Her son Marius, who became Prince Haakon's new stepson, also took part in the ceremony as a page boy. In addition, the groom chose to wait for the bride outside the cathedral so they could go down the aisle together. This was one of the wedding's more unusual components. READ MORE: Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests  Mette-Marit also chose a long garland of purple and white flowers instead of the customary bridal bouquet. The flowers consisted of Vanda orchids and roses, which was an unusual choice for a royal bride. In another break from tradition, the globally renowned Norwegian jazz musician Jan Garbarek provided music for the couple's contemporary ceremony. Princess Martha Louise, Haakon's sister, and Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden also recited texts during the ceremony.  The Princess's bridal gown was constructed of white silk crepe, with a traditional train, and was ostentatiously understated for a royal wedding gown. She wore a 20-foot veil to complete her bridal ensemble, which was secured with the Diamond Daisy Bandeau Tiara. Her future father-in-law and mother-in-law, King Harald V and Queen Sonja of Norway had given Mette-Marit the tiara as a present.  The King and Queen were thought to be strongly in favour of their son's union, despite some public criticism. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home The criticism was based on the fact Mette-Marit was a single mother and formerly worked as a waitress. They also shared a house together, which was extremely controversial at the time, until their nuptials took place eight months later. After being pronounced husband and wife, the couple kissed in front of the cheering spectators, and a ball was later held in their honour. At a press conference before the royal wedding, Mette-Marit said: "My youth rebellion was much stronger than many others. That resulted in me living quite a wild life."  Haakon and Mette-Marit have been happily married for 22 years. The Crown Prince and Princess have also welcomed two children of their own. Princess Ingrid Alexandra is their eldest and the heir to the throne, and they have another child called Prince Sverre Magnus. The royal couple is in London today to promote Norwegian literature and music and is also expected to meet Kate Middleton and Prince William tomorrow. 