Kate Middleton, 41, joined her husband Prince William, 40, today at the Commonwealth Day Service. The Princess of Wales looked beautiful in Princess Diana's earrings. Kate previously wore Diana's sapphire and diamond earrings when she arrived in Boston on a royal tour last year. Princess Diana famously wore these gorgeous jewels on a royal tour to Melbourne in 1988 with then-Prince Charles. Kate has appeared to modernise the earrings slightly and looked beautiful today. The Princess's navy blue peplum suit that she wore today was designed by Erdem, and she looked effortlessly chic in the design. Kate's Erdem blazer and skirt are available in the pre-autumn 2023 collection. The skirt is titled as a "women's flared Ottoman Jacquard midi skirt in navy" and sells for a whopping £1,369. The Princess's jacket is similarly titled as a "women's Ottoman Jacquard peplum jacket in navy" and costs an outstanding £2,014. Overall, this makes Kate's outfit cost a sensational £3,383. The Princess of Wales also donned Queen Alexandra's Prince of Wales Feathers brooch.  Don't miss... Zara Tindall's sport of choice 'physically strengths the body' [LATEST] Meghan's 'bond with Diana' was first seen in her engagement ring [STYLE] Another royal wore a 'near replica' of Princess Margaret's wedding [ROYAL] However, Kate seemed to have removed the cabochon emerald which usually appears below the brooch. It is commonplace for whoever holds the Princess of Wales title to wear this brooch. Queen Camilla frequently wore the brooch when she was the Duchess of Cornwall, as did the late Princess Diana. The Princess of Wales carried her Emmy clutch bag to go with her stunning Erdem outfit. READ MORE: Fergie sheds light on Princess Beatrice's parenting style with Sienna The £395 clutch bag is the Emmy London Natasha clutch bag in "Midnight Blue suede". She was first seen carrying the bag at the COP26 in Glasgow two years ago in 2021. She could also be seen wearing her very stylish Gianvito Rossi pumps. Royal fan @DemetraAutumn said: "Stunning" on Twitter. In addition, @JuliaB271078 added: "Looking amazing as always."  Twitter user @Beaudica1 wrote: "Magnificent. Can't get enough of Catherine and William." Royal fan @cardimamartins said: "Elegant as always." Another fan, @JolandaKolanus commented: "Classy!" Regarding Kate's jewellery, @p0rkatsu_ added: "Love the sapphire earrings." Royal fan @SuzanneOldfield replied: "They are Diana's - they match her ring. She had them slightly remodelled and modernised." 