The former rugby player joined The One Show presenters Alex Jones and Lauren Laverne alongside friend James Haskell to discuss their podcast, The Good, The Bad & The Rugby, going on the road. Talk turned Mike's children walking in his sporting footsteps with his second daughter Lena becoming the latest to take up rugby. After discussing the podcast and their thoughts on the upcoming Six Nations, Mike admitted Lena has finally taken up rugby. He explained: "Lena's just joined because she's just four, she's doing under-sixes. "It's always hard through winter when it's cold to get them out the door. They love it when they get there but every rugby parent will know that battle. "I've found with the girls, that battle to still go and get muddy is still a battle. Once they are there, they're okay." READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... Alex agreed and admitted it was the same with boys, to which Mike added: "We'll find out with Lucas, I'm judging that he's not going to be an issue with getting muddy. "He loves throwing himself around. We'll see though!" Mike and wife Zara Tindall's oldest daughter Mia started to play rugby last year, discussing her first goal on their podcast. He explained: "It's always hard to get Mia to go, she's like 'I don't like it' and then you get there, and she's off. "Mia scored a couple... it was an eight-all thriller in the first game and then a nine-all thriller in the second. "It's funny how much she's changed over the last, sort of, this year since they've been back. [She's] figuring out how to avoid people because before they'd just all be really bunched in. "Now they're getting more, where they run across but then they're all stepping back, and people are just falling around." Mike and Zara's children aren't the only little royals who have taken to the rugby tradition in the family, with Prince Louis also taking a liking. Don't miss... Jeremy Kyle jokes Prince Harry should 'throw Meghan down a well'  [LATEST] Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [INSIGHT] Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified [WATCH] Earlier this year, Kate, the Princess of Wales admitted that Louis was "rugby mad" after visiting England's wheelchair rugby league team to celebrate their World Cup title. She explained: "We're always slightly competitive with each other. They all love sports and Louis is mad about rugby. They are at an age where they just love running around." Last year, Prince George began learning how to play rugby at school and was spotted in the stands between Prince William and Kate. When asked whether George would be supporting his father or his mother's team, George shrugged his shoulders and smiled at his father. Prince William laughed ad commented: "It's become quite the thing in the house," pointing at his wife: "She is quite into it, I'm trying to stay out of it." Kate then asked George to tell the group about how he has started playing rugby at his school: "He has all the kit." George explained how he had started learning how to tackle, before turning to his mother: "But I haven't tackled you yet!" Kate replied, laughing: "Yes you have!" The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One.