Meghan Markle and Prince Harry have confirmed that their daughter Lilibet Diana has been christened in a private ceremony at their home in Montecito. A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex said: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  A source told People magazine that King Charles, Queen Consort Camilla and the Prince and Princess of Wales were invited to the ceremony but did not attend. It is thought that Lilibet and her older brother Archie will be known as prince and princess, as they have become eligible to hold the titles since their grandfather became monarch. Initially the Sussexes did not want titles for their children, however it is understood that Buckingham Palace will respect the wishes of Harry and Meghan to use prince and princess for Archie and Lilibet. The royal website will also be updated to reflect these changes. According to an insider there were 20-30 guests at the christening, including Meghan's mother Doria Ragland, close family friend Tyler Perry and an unnamed godmother. In the Meghan and Harry Netflix documentary series last year Mr Perry confirmed the couple had asked him to be Lilibet's godfather. He said on the programme he would be "absolutely honoured" to accept the role. READ MORE: William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge'  Mr Perry reportedly flew into the ceremony from his home in Atlanta accompanied by a 10 person gospel choir, who sang Oh Happy Day and This Little Light of Mine. The latter song was also played at Harry and Meghan's royal wedding in 2018.  In January Harry spoke of his desire for his children to have a close relationship with his family, in spite of their current estrangement. He said: "I've said before that I've wanted a family, not an institution—so of course, I would love nothing more than for our children to have relationships with members of my family, and they do with some, which brings me great joy." Don't miss... William and Kate savaged by James Corden as he mocks waxwork of royals [LATEST] George and Charlotte's favourite Disney films laid bare by mum Kate [REVEAL] Sarah Ferguson defends Harry and Meghan's 'beautiful' life [INSIGHT] In his memoir Spare Harry opened up about his children's meeting with their great-grandmother Queen Elizabeth a few months before her death in September. He wrote: "I couldn't stop picturing them with Granny. The final visit. Archie making deep, chivalrous bows, his baby sister Lilibet cuddling the monarch's shins. "'Sweetest children', Granny said, sounding bemused. She'd expected them to be a bit more . . . American, I think? Meaning, in her mind, more rambunctious." The family travelled over to the UK last June for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations, giving the Queen an opportunity to meet her great-granddaughter for the first and only time.