Speaking to hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, Marsha explained the weather last year caused chaos while filming. The 47-year-old revealed the cast were left sweating as they tried to remember their lines. At the start of last year, ITV viewers welcomed newcomer Jenn Townsend (played by Marsha Thomason) to The Bay as she replaced DS Lisa Armstrong (Morven Christie) in the last series. Appearing on Tuesday’s instalment of This Morning, the actress spoke to hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby through a video link in Los Angeles about what can fans expect from series four. As Phillip informed viewers Marsha had to fly back to the UK to film the fourth series, he mentioned the extreme weather and heat waves last summer. He joked: “That was a pretty special summer, almost an LA summer. Did you get some of that? (sunshine).” READ MORE:Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find The Bay star replied: “It was so hot, in fact, it was so hot and we were not anticipating it, nobody was. “Our set, we shot all of the scenes at the police station in a block and it was when that heat wave hit. “You can’t tell, I don’t know what they did in post (production), but we were sweating. “I mean it was just, oh my god, a fiasco. “Somehow we know like we know what we’re talking about, being very professional. Meanwhile, we’re just schvitzing in our costumes.” Elsewhere in the interview, Marsha explained Jenn Townsend has found her feet within her team and is much more comfortable than when viewers first saw her. Although the actress told the two presenters that Jenn’s home and work life are in a good spot, she revealed things won’t stay that way for long. Speaking about the Metcalf family, who are introduced in the new series, viewers learn that they’re stuck by an awful tragedy which results in the mother dying. Don't miss... This Morning viewers thrown into frenzy over scone segment [LATEST] Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified [LATEST] Sally Nugent 'very proud' over BBC Breakfast achievement [LATEST]  