Queen Camilla, 75, stepped out wearing her Fiona Clare couture coat today in Colchester. The Queen Consort previously wore this coat to Kate Middleton's Together at Christmas concert in 2022. The Queen Consort looked beautiful in the long white coat as she wrapped up warm on the cold March day in Colchester. Camilla also wore the garment for a royal engagement on Brick Lane in London last month. For footwear, Queen Camilla wore her Russell and Bromley black suede boots which she usually wears during the colder months. Queen Camilla's hat likely turned heads today due to its eccentric style. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby The Queen Consort wore her beige Lock & Co. faux fur hat, which she has worn on many occasions. On average, faux fur hats from Lock & Co. cost £345, and are described as "the optimum hat for country pursuits". The description continued: "The Estate hat, made of British tweed and faux fur, is an excellent choice for those searching for cosiness this winter." Queen Camilla further accessorised with black gloves and carried a small black clutch bag.  Don't miss... King Charles revamps Windsor Castle with electric car charging points [LATEST] Princess Charlotte could wear a tiara before her wedding - unlike Kate [STYLE] Kate's dramatic pink gown from Belize will set fans back by £2,250 [PICTURES] Queen Camilla carried her Launer London "High Society" clutch bag in the colour "ebony black". The description says: "Trust Launer to produce the essential cocktail handbag. High Society is the perfect complement to any evening dress. "The exquisite craftsmanship has made the High Society a favourite of Crown Princess of Japan. "Popular in Launer's extensive colour range in both fine calf leather, patent and exotic lizard, this exquisite clutch is fastened with the gold-plated rope logo and comes complete with a detachable shoulder chain. READ MORE: Meghan's 'life-changing' beauty treatment plus how to do it at home "Each item is handmade to order using our fine traditional craftsmanship." This clutch bag sells for a whopping £1,400 on the Launer London website. Launer London was a brand beloved by the late Queen Elizabeth II, who even held a royal warrant from Her Late Majesty. Queen Camilla even wore a Launer clutch bag on her wedding day in 2005, showing a strong love for the brand. The Queen Consort looked to be wearing a pair of "Lando" gloves from Dents that retail for a whopping £105. The description says: "A sleek and modern design, our Lando gloves are made with our premium touchscreen hair sheep leather and feature the Suited Racer cross emboss. "As these gloves are unlined they can also be worn for driving." Queen Camilla also appeared to be wearing her pearl clip-on earrings today in Colchester.