You saw Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) take on the identity of professor Jonathan Moore in the fourth season of the Netflix thriller. He initially travelled to the UK to find Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle), but got himself wrapped up in a murder mystery involving Eat the Rich Killer. At the end of part one, Joe discovered the serial killer's true identity and he believes it is his mission to stop them before any more damage is done. Here's everything Express.co.uk knows about the future of You so far. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from You. You had been missing from Netflix subscribers' schedules for two years, and so were over the moon when it made a comeback last month. Only the first five episodes of season four were dropped on the streaming service on February 9 with the remaining half coming out today, Thursday, March 9. Fans have already started bringing these latest episodes to find out how Joe's latest chapter in London comes to an end. So many will have discovered the result of the series finale by the end of this weekend. READ MORE: Coronation Street exit as Stephen Reid leaves Carla Connor for dead As of yet, it isn't known if there will be more to come from You on Netflix as it hasn't been renewed for a fifth season. Therefore, as it stands, the future of the Penn Badgley-led show remains unclear at this stage. No official renewal announcement doesn't necessarily mean that this is the end of You though. Usually, if a series is going to be a show's final season, then they are billed as such prior to its release date, enticing more subscribers to tune in. With no word on You finishing with four seasons, this does give hope that there is more to come. Of course, there is a chance the drama may be subject to an unexpected axing which happened for GLOW, The Society, First Kill, among many others. Lucifer was cancelled after five seasons but thanks to fans launching a petition amid a vocal backlash, it was brought back for one more. So even if You is cancelled, there is always a chance it could return for more, depending on how keen viewers are to see it make a comeback. Don't miss... Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [LATEST] Best Mother's Day gifts - Flowers, cards, beauty and luxury gift ideas [LATEST] Too Hot to Handle star feels 'gutted' after being 'edited to look l... [LATEST] When talking to The Hollywood Reporter about the third season, showrunner co-creator Sera Gamble said there was plenty more to come in the pipeline. She said: "I never like to jinx things by being too specific one way or the other. "I will say that we have a lot of stories still to tell. I am not scared at all of saying that we definitely could follow Joe for several more seasons. "That being said, it’s a tough TV landscape right now. "There’s about 10 billion TV shows and orders are shorter and there’s more competition, so we never really save anything for later seasons." Joe's new "friends", thought he could have been the Eat the Rich Killer but he discovered their real identity. Politician Rhys Montrose (Ed Speleers) was found to be the serial killer with further plans to conduct even more murders around the capital. With Montrose also running to become the next Mayor of London, will Joe be able to stop him before anyone else is hurt? You is available to watch on Netflix.