Napoli striker Victor Osimhen has admitted that playing in the Premier League is 'an ambition of all players' amid strong transfer links. Osimhen is reportedly among Manchester United's priority summer targets as Erik ten Hag eyes a long-term goalscorer. The 24-year-old is enjoying a sensational season, scoring 21 goals in 25 games to help Napoli challenge domestically and in Europe. Napoli are 18 points clear at the top of the Serie A table and already have one hand on their first Scudetto since 1990. They are also on the verge of a place in the Champions League quarter-finals after a 2-0 win in their last-16 first leg against Eintracht Frankfurt. Osimhen's prolific exploits have launched him to the forefront of United's striker links, and he has made his desire to one day play in England clear. However, he added that his full focus is currently on Napoli, which could prompt the Red Devils to turn their attention to Tottenham Hotspur's Harry Kane if he doesn't want to depart this year. JUST IN: Van Dijk answers critics as Liverpool ticket debacle speaks volumes  He told Corriere della Sera: "I think it is an ambition of all players. And who knows, one day. "Right now, I assure you, it doesn't even cross my mind. It would distract me from a beautiful season. [I'm thinking of] Only Napoli." Kane has also been heavily linked with a move to Old Trafford, which could depend on Tottenham's Champions League status next season. But Osimhen also demonstrated an elite mentality that would serve him well if he made the switch to the Premier League this summer or beyond. He revealed he was convinced Napoli could win their first Serie A title in 33 years this season before many of his, perhaps understandably, sceptical team-mates. DON'T MISS Arsenal told they already have their own N'Golo Kante in Bukayo SakaKlopp has Liverpool trump card as Luis Diaz set to make 'real impact'Man Utd face major test even if Ten Hag masterminds Liverpool win "[I believed Napoli could lift the Scudetto] before we even started winning. And there is a preserved image that testifies to the moment," Osimhen explained. "It was summer, and after a fairly hard training session, I was talking to Anguissa. I said to him: 'Frank, you know that our team is strong and we can really try to win the Scudetto'. "He was sceptical, and I convinced him. Spalletti approaches and asks us what we are talking about. I tell him, and he looks at me and says: 'if your team-mates are convinced, as you are, yes, we can try'. "This is how our beautiful story was born, made up of matches, training sessions, and men who don't spare themselves. We are made of leaders." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here