Meghan Markle fans have expressed their outrage after Saturday Night Live ruthlessly mocked the Duchess of Sussex. Comedian Michael Che ridiculed her possible attendance at the Coronation in May, joking that she was being offered "$19 an hour" to attend as a graphic of the Duchess dressed as a maid appeared behind him. Meghan's fans erupted at the segment, with one user branding it misogynistic. Appearing on SNL on Saturday night, Che said: "It was reported that the organisers of King Charles' Coronation have officially invited Meghan Markle. "And this is nice: at a starting salary of $19-an-hour." While the gag went down a storm in the studio, Meghan's fans reacted angrily on Twitter. READ MORE: ‘Hollywood is laughing at them!’ Meghan Markle ridiculed in hilarious SNL joke One irate user wrote: "Notice how Michael Che is not funny and he never has been? Especially tonight with his trashy cheap shot 'Meghan' joke - not funny - just getting used to insult a black women. "Apologize & retract. But it’s unforgivable. It’s not even funny! Just rude." A second fumed: "Misogynist uggo Michael Che thinking misogyny is edgy. Bet in private he says s**t like 'why cant men have a day dedicated to them??'" And a third said: "Did the writers take the week off? This episode is horrible." Another follower tweeted: "WTF...you loons just can't keep Meghan Markle's name out of your mouth. It's sick." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan left 'tiny' Britain only to be 'smashed to pieces' in the US Don't miss... Harry and Meghan will 'make positive step' with Coronation visit [LATEST] Harry and Meghan enter 'unchartered territory' over celebrity ridicule [LATEST] Meghan Markle puts her own needs before Harry’s, expert claims  [LATEST] Others lapped up the joke, with one user branding it "hilarious" and another taking an entirely different reading, suggesting the butt of the joke was the royal family not Meghan. The latest roasting comes after South Park spoofed Prince Harry and Meghan's alleged demands for privacy. South Park did not explicitly name the young couple, but the cartoon satire takes aim at a "prince and princess of Canada" as they embark on their "Worldwide Privacy Tour". The Sussexes have consistently denied that they stepped down from royal duties to pursue greater privacy but they have often lambasted the British press for what they perceive as an unhealthy interest in their private lives while embarking on various media adventures. The creators of South Park poked at this apparent contradiction, suggesting that they want the best of both worlds. During the episode, cartoon versions of the couple appear on Good Morning Canada while holding signs which read "Stop Looking At Us" and "We Want Our Privacy". When confronting the pair about hating journalists, the exasperated TV host suggested the Duke has become one himself, highlighting the irony of writing a tell-memoir that includes intimate details about royal life. "We just want to be normal people - all this attention is so hard," the cartoon prince replies. When the presenter claims the prince's wife doesn't really want privacy, the outraged royal replies: "How dare you, sir! My Instagram-loving b**** wife has always wanted her privacy." After storming off set, the couple then go on a "Worldwide Privacy Tour" to France, India and Canada - then starting counting off every American state. Fans of the show mostly enjoyed the spoofing, with one enthusiastic viewer tweeting: "The South Park episode is a much deserved and scathing reflection of Harry and Meghan’s real-life self-glorification", adding the couple had reached "parodic level". Another simply wrote: "God bless Trey Parker and Matt Stone."