Looking for the best Mother's Day gifts? We've put together an exhaustive guide of gift ideas – including flowers, cards, beauty products, gadgets, and clothing to name a few – for all budgets. Mother's Day 2023 is on March 19th, so you've still got time to grab a present to show your mum just how much she means to you. And don't forget, you don't need to spend a fortune to get the perfect mother's day present. Mother's Day – also known as Mothering Sunday – falls on Sunday 19th March in the UK this year. The tradition is the perfect opportunity to spend time with the mother figure in your life, buy a Mother's Day card, or gift to show how much you appreciate her. We've rounded up the best Mother's Day gifts for 2023 in the UK, ranging from under £10 to £30 and higher. Scroll down for some gift inspiration, as well as answers to commonly-asked questions around the annual celebration, and more. If you're looking for an affordable gift for the mother figure in your life, look no further than a Mother's Day card. There's no shortage of online card companies, but we'd recommend Thortful for its wide selection of designs, many from independent artists. Moonpig is another great choice and offers a number of Mother's Day gifts which can be bundled with its cards and sent directly to the recipient. Many of these won't break the bank but will still make your mum feel special, like the Just to Say Thanks Floral Hand Cream Duo for £10, or the Super Mum Mini Candle for £8. Mini creams are "the perfect gift for those that love silky smooth hands and this floral hand cream comes packed in a 'just to say thanks' box so you can show you appreciate in a way they'll love". A cute candle is also a lovely option, and "she will love to light this mini lime, mandarin and basil candle," Moonpig says. A set of five face sheet masks with super-hydrator hyaluronic acid may be exactly what Mum needs such as the Cath Kidston Artist’s Kingdom Face Sheet Masks for just £10. But what is better than reminding her how wonderful she is with an adorable mug? The Cath Kidston Wonderful Women Mug is also £10, perfect for teas, coffees and even hot chocolates, features a heart-shaped handle and a charming design. L'Occitane J'Adore Cherry Collection Gift Set is just £17.10 and it includes a shimmering body lotion, a scented shower gel, and a smoothing hand cream with the same floral fragrance. Alternatively, the L'Occitane Shea Butter Discovery Collection Gift Set is now reduced to £18.90 at Escentual.com. Everything is shipped in a nice cosmetic bag, with a range of the award-winning shea butter products from L’Occitane. Moonpig also has lovely options for under £30, such as the William Morris Forest Bathing Lavender Gift Set (£25) which includes a fine China mug, lavender-filled velvet eye mask and body and space mist. The Citrus Soak Gift Set, for £30, is also perfect for those mums who enjoy a little evening pamper sesh with fresh citrus blends and calming lavender aromas in a warm bath filled with salts. John Lewis has some lovely options such as the Roberts Revival Petite Bluetooth Portable Digital Radio, available in dusky pink, for just £99. "British radio legends Roberts expand their iconic Revival range with the Petite; it's small, stylish, and sounds superb. Tune into DAB or FM radio, and stream music from your Bluetooth device too. With a long-lasting rechargeable battery built-in, you can take the Revival Petite's combo of 50s style and contemporary audio with you," the retailer explained. The Fiona Scalloped Detail Leather Trainers in white are available for £75 and are easy and versatile to style and ensure all-day comfort. For £45, the Oh Mumma Self Care Essentials Box is the luxurious "self-care every mum deserves" for those expecting a baby but also perfect for post-birth. The MFRCHCS Fitness Tracker and Smart Watch with Blood Pressure and Heart Rate Monitor from Amazon is a best seller and is now on sale for £29.99. The watch is perfect for those fitness mums who like to track their steps and luckily, is compatible with Androids. Also on Amazon, you can find the Jooayou Professional Hair Dryer Fast Dry Negative Ions with Diffuser Hairdryer, which is also a best seller for this Mother's Day 2023, and costs £25.34. The Moonpig Best Mum Gift Set, available for £30, is packed with delicious macarons, handmade strawberries with Champagne conserve, a mini cherry and almond loaf cake and even a bottle of Robert and Reeves Prosecco. Alternatively for £35, the I Love You Mum Gin, also from Moonpig, will make her day and includes a cute label for a sentimental Mother's Day touch. The Drinks by the Dram Premium Gin Collection is a luxury set containing some of the top gin producers from around the globe including, Australia, Sweden, South Africa, Finland and the UK, and has a price tag of £49.95. Also for gin lovers, the Drinks by the Dram Premium Gin Tasting Set features five different 30ml drams of "lip-smacking gin", perfect as a gift for mums "to explore the world of premium gin", and costs £24.95. Mother's Day, or Mothering Sunday, is an annual celebration designed to honour mothers, mother figures, mothers-in-law, and motherhood. The origins of Mothering Sunday can be traced all the way back to ancient Rome, where a festival called Hilaria celebrated the mother goddess Cybele. The festival was held on the March equinox (around halfway through the month) and saw Romans feast, play games, and offer gifts to mothers. In the Christian tradition, Mothering Sunday has its roots in the 16th century. It was originally a day when people returned to their "mother" church, the main church or cathedral in their area. Mothering Sunday provided an opportunity for families to come together, pray, and celebrate. Over time, the day has slowly become associated with honouring mothers. In the UK, the modern version of Mothering Sunday dates back to the 17th century. On this day, servants were given the day off to visit their mothers and bring them gifts. By the time the 19th century had rolled around, Mothering Sunday was a more formal occasion, with the introduction of special church services and the giving of flowers and cards. In the United States, the modern version of Mother's Day was first celebrated in 1908, when Anna Jarvis – daughter of Ann Reeves Jarvis – organised a memorial for her mother. She later campaigned for Mother's Day to become a national holiday, which it did in 1914. Today, Mother's Day is celebrated on the second Sunday in May in the United States and in many other countries around the world. Mother's Day can be traced to a number of different festivals and celebrations throughout time. Today, the celebration continues stronger than ever in a number of countries worldwide, including the UK, as a special day to show appreciation for the love and care that mother figures in your life. Research shows that flowers, chocolate, and cards are the most popular Mother's Day gifts. As such, you can expect online and high street retailers to have plenty of these gifts in-stock. Bundles with a few of these products – like chocolates and flowers – are also available, with delivery direct to the recipient available, so you don't need to worry about taking delivery of the item, only to send it on. Moonpig and M&S are just two brands with a wide selection of bundles available.