The FA has been called to review the incident that saw Manchester United star Bruno Fernandes appear to push an official during Sunday's match against Liverpool. Former Premier League referee Keith Hackett cannot believe the Portugal international has got away without any punishment. Cameras caught Fernandes appearing to push the assistant referee during the second half of the game at Anfield. The midfielder was understandably not in the greatest of moods as his team were on their way to their biggest loss in the Premier League era. Erik ten Hag faced the prospect of seeing Fernandes banned to rub further salt into the wounds that were opened up by a 7-0 loss to their nearest rivals. However, it emerged on Monday that no action would be taken against Fernandes. But Hackett says that does not set out a good precedent for future incidents involving players and officials. He claims there should be an immediate ban if a player touches an official, regardless of the severity of the incident.  Just in... Tottenham mocked for £1bn stadium flaw as fan shares AC Milan view [PICTURES] Hackett wrote in the Telegraph: "The people making the decision for him not to face punishment will need to look at their processes here. The incident was not deemed serious enough to put in the referees' report on the game so Fernandes escaped – but you cannot, in any circumstances, put your hands on an official. "I would ban any player for touching an official for one match, and then the punishment can be increased in line with the severity of the offence. We all saw the video – and the VAR did too – and you can see Fernandes' frustration, you can see his arm bend into pushing the assistant. "He knew exactly what he was doing and him getting off sets the wrong precedent. I am simply amazed Fernandes does not face any further investigation or punishment and the FA have missed the point entirely – what message does this send out to officials, and players, at all levels?  Don't miss... Bruno Fernandes could be toast after Man Utd boss Ten Hag's comment [OPINION] Inside Dele Alli's rocky romance with Pep Guardiola's model daughter [INSIGHT] FIFA clear the path for Qatar takeover of Man Utd [REPORT] "Players will look at Fernandes getting away with it and will feel they could do the same. And what about referees and assistants at grassroots level? "What happens the next time Bruno Fernandes, or another player – at any level – loses their cool? They have seen that you can get away with it." Ten Hag launched a defence of Fernandes' behaviour at his press conference on Wednesday. The 28-year-old will keep the captain's armband when Harry Maguire is not on the pitch and is set to play against Real Betis in the first leg of the Europa League last-16 tie on Thursday. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 