Tottenham boss Antonio Conte must make a decision over his future before the international break, claims ex-Spurs midfielder Gus Poyet. The Italian's contract expires in the summer but no decision has been made public. Conte returned to the dugout for Wednesday's Champions League tie against AC Milan after recovering from gallbladder surgery. However, he was unable to inspire Spurs as they limped to a goalless draw to exit the competition 1-0 on aggregate. Conte was not willing to discuss his future immediately after the match. But Poyet believes it is something that must be decided very soon. Spurs play Nottingham Forest at home in the Premier League this Saturday before travelling to struggling Southampton a week later. The international break then commences and that is when Poyet believes Conte must inform the club of his decision.  Read more... Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover U-turn, Richarlison lashes out [BLOG] Poyet told Neuecasinos24.com: "We are already in March, and I think that under normal circumstances everybody would know if Conte was going to be there next year or not. There has to be a deadline this month on his future, in March - with Antonio and the club, one way or another. "I’m not talking just about for Antonio - it is important for the players, the recruitment and the overall wellbeing of the club. It’s a strange situation. "During the games, he doesn’t influence the play, he doesn’t seem to be thinking about how to win the game. Maybe the situation with his health has extended his decision-making time longer but now that he is back, and before the international break, a decision has to be made." Poyet says discussions over Conte's future will only increase among the Spurs players following the exit to Milan. The former Uruguay international reckons a decision soon will suit all parties.  Don't miss... Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'picks favourite between' Kane and Osimhen [REPORT] Chelsea keen on Dominik Szoboszlai as Erling Haaland 'consulted' [TRANSFERS] Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement [QUOTES] He added: "It is something the players are going to be talking about, especially after being knocked out of the Champions League. If they aren’t playing and don’t have a great relationship with the coach, they may be thinking it will be better if there is a change. "Or there may be players who do have a good relationship and are trying to influence him to sign the contract. I’m trying to think why it is still in doubt. "Are they waiting for something or do they already know and it has not been made public? It is very strange. We are not talking about a situation where a manager has finished his contract and everybody knows he is leaving."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here