Emma Raducanu has officially received a wildcard into this month's Miami Open after failing to make it into the main draw. The world No 80 was just five ranking spots away from getting into the tournament off her own back but won't need to contest qualifying to make it into the main draw after being granted a wildcard. It comes after she was forced to pull out of this week's ATX Open after contracting tonsillitis. Raducanu's schedule is starting to stack up again after tonsillitis forced her out of this week's WTA 250 event in Texas. The British No 1 has played just two events so far this season, getting injured in her first tournament at the ASB Classic in Auckland before making it to the second round of the Australian Open. But the 20-year-old will start to compete regularly again after being granted a wildcard into the main draw of the Miami Open - the second of this month's back-to-back 1000-point events in America. Raducanu had also received a wildcard into Indian Wells but was able to hand this back after withdrawals meant that she made it into the main draw off her own back. "Hey guys, it's Emma here," the Brit said in a video message after receiving the Miami wildcard. "I'm really looking forward to coming to Miami for the Miami 2023 Open and I look forward to seeing you there." JUST IN: Casper Ruud lands himself in hot water with press conference gaffe  The former world No 10 will be looking to improve on last year's result after losing her opening match to Katerina Siniakova 3-6 6-4 7-5. It was a bizarre match that saw the Czech woman require physio treatment multiple times with Siniakova in tears before she managed to come from behind and win. Raducanu's schedule is also set beyond the 'sunshine double' of Indian Wells and Miami, as she has signed up to the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix to start this year's clay swing in April. The 20-year-old reached the quarter-final in Stuttgart last year before falling to world No 1 and eventual-champion Iga Swiatek. DON'T MISSDjokovic, Federer and Nadal opponents called 'lucky' for Big Three eraNovak Djokovic far ahead of Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer in earningsCarlos Alcaraz injury cancels Vegas event even though Nadal replaced  Meanwhile, fellow former US Open champion Dominic Thiem was also granted a wildcard for Miami. “We are happy to be able to add Emma and Dominic to the Miami Open fields,” tournament director James Blake said. “Both these players have shown what it takes to win the biggest tournaments in the world, and we look forward to welcoming them to Miami to compete for the title here in a few short weeks.”