Her decision to take on a role as chief of staff to Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer confirms fears that Whitehall is run by a bunch of liberal Lefties hostile to Conservatism and therefore, since 2010 at least, the democratic will of the people. She is the woman who brought down Boris Johnson as premier and helped ensure our current PM, Rishi Sunak, received a police fine. Her Partygate report is at the heart of an inquiry by the Commons Privileges Committee into Mr Johnson's supposed misdemeanours. Indeed, she could be called as a live witness. Imagine the fury if the politics were reversed and she had taken a job with the Tory Party instead. But Partygate is just symptomatic of a broader problem across the civil service. In recent years we've seen officials undermine efforts to stop the small boat invasion and send asylum seekers to Rwanda. They tried blocking Brexit, and imposed roadblocks galore on our elected government. The influence of anti-Brexit forces within the Treasury and Bank of England was particularly clear during the Truss premiership. Ministers who refuse to cave in are targeted for leaks and hostile briefings, as we've seen with recent allegations of bullying and, of course, the Partygate stories themselves. I've been involved in politics for more than 30 years and always held our civil service in high esteem. However, the shift of Sue Gray from senior civil servant to chief of staff for the Opposition Leader proves to me how daft I've been. Let me summarise: the author of the Partygate report which saw a prime minister ejected from Number 10, and could potentially see him expelled from Parliament too, has just accepted the coin of the Labour Party. Perhaps we only have ourselves to blame. Labour prime minister Tony Blair mastered the art of chumocracy, manoeuvring candidates in his own image into influential posts. This continues to pay dividends in the leftward shift of government, quangos, health trusts and charities, particularly those in receipt of taxpayers' money. Conservatives have now been in the saddle for 12 years if you count the Coalition. We've had the opportunity to advance candidates into key positions, be they on the Arts Council, the Environment Agency or any other influential quango. But what have we done? We appoint people like former Labour MP and ministerVera Baird as the Victims' Commissioner and then wonder why we have our backsides regularly bitten. We appointed Natascha Engel, former Labour Deputy Speaker, as fracking "czar", even though, to her credit, she couldn't stomach the ridiculous regulations she was asked to promote and resigned after six months. Are we incapable of finding ex- Conservatives, or at least those with no obvious political allegiances, for senior influential roles? A vivid illustration of the problem came recently when the published aims of the Home Office omitted a duty to tackle illegal immigration, showing a disconnect with the clear demands of the public. The new modus operandi appears to be one of trying to discredit senior Ministers, be they Priti Patel, through bullying accusations, or Dominic Raab, accused of having a sinister "stare" or issuing outrageous demands for good grammar. An immigration judge told me recently his Leftie colleagues will refuse to sit on immigration tribunal cases if the Rwanda policy is ever allowed to see the light of day. Why is it that our immigration system, supposedly founded on the same framework of the 1951 Refugee Convention and European Convention on Human Rights, has a 76 percent "yes" outcome for asylum seekers compared to the EU average of just 16 percent? And we then wonder why the UK, with a generous hotel policy, huge administrative delays, limitless legal aid and cosy taxpayer funded charities, continues to be a magnet for illegal migration. Sue Gray's Labour appointment blows the lid off an already simmering pot. It's not as if the dust has settled. The furore of Partygate is likely to dominate over the weeks ahead, while its author may be in a new highly-paid role for the party looking to kick the Tory government out of office. The Left have been slowly winning within the ranks of the establishment and we've been stupid enough not to notice.