He enjoyed wealth, fame, and international acclaim. But the one thing that continued to elude him throughout his lifetime was official recognition – and, by the age of 70, with more than half a century of hit shows and plays behind him, there was still no knighthood in sight for Noel Coward. His contemporaries Alec Guinness, John Gielgud, Michael Redgrave and Ralph Richardson had all been to Buckingham Palace to kneel before the Queen – but not Coward. Yet among all those famous names he was by far the most successful, the best-known, the most admired; they were mere actors – he was The Master. Furthermore, he had a much closer relationship with the Royal Family – from the heady days of the Prince of Wales in the Roaring Twenties through to the reign of King George VI and then Queen Elizabeth II. Coward was a special favourite of the Queen Mother, so much so that she went out of her way to visit him at his Jamaica home, Firefly. “He had a misty-eyed view of royalty,” writes Coward’s biographer Oliver Soden. “Though he found it aggravating to be on his best behaviour all the time, complaining that it was tiresome he couldn’t say f*** in front of Her Majesty.” Nonetheless, such was the success of that visit that Coward was soon invited to Sandringham as a house guest, along with the revered Russian cellist Mstislav Rostropovich. He asked the Queen Mother whether he should brush up on his Russian, which was limited to “Shut up you pig!” and “She has a white blouse”. But in the end he needn’t have bothered as, after dinner, the great cellist was completely upstaged when Coward sat down at the piano and bashed out My Old Man Said Follow The Van, the chorus being led by Her Majesty herself. Coward was often seen in the company of the Duchess of Kent – indeed some believed, naively, that they might marry after she was widowed in 1942 – and it was known that the Queen wholeheartedly approved of him. When he was still Prince of Wales, the Duke of Windsor fell so madly in love with Coward’s song A Room With A View he asked for it to be played nine times during a charity ball. In later years, that adulation was not returned: in the era of the Bright Young People they’d got on well, but after his rise to the throne and subsequent abdication, Coward could only see a selfish abandonment of duty, and spoke of Edward with contempt. Interviewed by Truman Capote, he diagnosed the Duke, now in thrall to his duchess Wallis Simpson, as a repressed homosexual. “However well he pretends not to hate me, he does. Because I’m queer and he’s queer but, unlike him, I don’t pretend not to be.” Harsh words perhaps, and probably unearned – but Coward vehemently believed that royal privilege had to be earned. The years went by, his reputation continued to soar, and still no recognition came. Some believed it was Coward’s homosexuality which prevented his knighthood, though other theatrical gays of the period had picked up theirs. Others with longer memories traced it back to an incident in the war. Coward had been told in 1943 by his friend Lord Mountbatten that King George VI had himself nominated him for the honour, but it had been blocked by the Prime Minister, Winston Churchill. At the outbreak of war, stringent financial regulations had been imposed, particularly where overseas earnings were concerned. Coward had not registered ownership of US dollars worth £700,000 in today’s money, nor £300,000 in securities. Two well-publicised court cases uncovered the fact he was careless in his business affairs, and had left everything to an American manager, Jack Wilson. He faced fines of over £3million (in today’s money) imposed by the court and, despite an almost pathological patriotism, was considered by some to be a traitor. This hit Coward hard, especially when he discovered at the war’s end that his name was on a Nazi hit list. In September 1945, a small booklet was discovered in the main offices of the Third Reich in Berlin. It was a secret list of 2,820 British individuals who would be rounded up in the event of a successful invasion – starting naturally with Winston Churchill. Coward found his name on page 34. He was wanted by the sinister Amtsgruppe VIG1, a department evaluating intelligence material. His cover as a British spy had apparently been blown and, if the war had gone differently, the man known the world over for his song Don’t Let’s Be Beastly To The Germans could have ended his days in front of a firing squad. The long shadow of those currency court cases somehow continued to block a knighthood, which was rightfully his, despite his close association with the royal family. In 1969, more than 40 years after the war’s end, he was invited to Clarence House to celebrate his 70th birthday. He sat next to the Queen, who gave him a gold cigarette case. The Queen Mother’s gift was a cigarette box, and elaborate cufflinks came from another royal admirer, Princess Margaret, who’d once herself taken a part in Coward’s cabaret act, (audience restricted to the royal circle only). But still no knighthood. Lord Mountbatten made an attempt to circumvent the problem by nominating Coward for the far more prestigious Order of Merit and Companion of Honour, and by late 1969 it looked as though the country to whose global cultural reputation he’d given so much was about to officially honour him. But the Honours Committee once again gave Coward the thumbs down, this time citing “your residence abroad for tax reasons”, even though he maintained homes in London and Kent. A furious Mountbatten went direct to the Queen, complaining of “the iniquitous way” he was treated in the wartime law cases, and under her patronage all objection was finally swept aside. Though one final point of Establishment hypocrisy remained. On February 4, 1970, Britain’s greatest playwright of the 20th century presented himself to Buckingham Palace to receive the honour which should have been his half a lifetime ago. His guests were Gladys Calthrop, the costume designer and mainstay of Coward’s inner circle, and his lifetime friend, actress Joyce Carey. Missing from the ceremony was Graham Payn, Noel Coward’s partner of nearly 30 years, who had first met Coward when auditioning for a part he won by singing Nearer My God To Thee while executing a tap-dance. Only modestly talented onstage, he lacked the essential star quality, but nonetheless was a devoted companion and should have been at the palace with The Master. Coward had finally arrived, but only late in life, and ill health now dogged him. Even so, new generations were turning out to see his shows – Patricia Routledge and Una Stubbs put on a revue of his songs which ran for more than 400 performances. And he’d become famous again starring opposite Michael Caine in the runaway hit film The Italian Job. Despite his declining years, the rapier wit for which he was fabled remained intact. The death of the famously snooty French president General de Gaulle was announced on the radio, and someone asked Coward what he thought de Gaulle and God might now be talking about in heaven. “That,” Noel replied, “depends on how good God’s French is.” Right at the end, people woke up to how important Coward was. He won a Tony award, and was elected a member of the Royal Society of Literature. Sussex University made him a Doctor of Letters. But his final accolade was the most cherished. On March 28, 1984, 11 years after his death, the Queen Mother, in an elaborate ceremony, unveiled a memorial stone at Westminster Abbey. It read “Noel Coward – playwright, actor, composer. Buried in Jamaica. A talent to amuse.”