Leandro Trossard has signalled the return of Gabriel Jesus as the factor which could land Arsenal the Premier League title. A hat-trick of first-half assists on Sunday against Fulham from Trossard meant Jesus could be eased into his first action since suffering injury playing for Brazil in Qatar during the World Cup. Moreover, with Arsenal five points clear with 11 games to go, it will keep the rest of the Gunners’ strikeforce on their toes for the remainder of the season.The trio of Trossard, Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka have kept the goals flowing in the absence of the £50m former Manchester City striker.But the added competition for places, together with the psychological boost of seeing the return of a player who was on top of his game at the start of the season, can only help Arsenal to stay on track.“He is a top player and he has contributed a lot already for Arsenal,” Trossard said. “You can see his presence. He makes other players better as well. We need everyone and it’s great to have him back. “There is a now more competition for places - a lot. But I had it already when I arrived here. It’s not that I went into the starting XI from the first week - I had to fight as well for it.“We have such a good group and competition is that high that, as you saw in the last few weeks, we need everyone to win games. That’s what it is all about. That’s how you can win things.”Arsenal supporters certainly believe so and there were sporadic chants of “We’re gonna win the League” from the away end at Craven Cottage throughout the duration of the second half.“It’s nice for them,” Trossard continued. “Obviously, it’s a great away win and we want to give them that belief. For us, though, we need to take it game by game. It’s a great win today, 3-0 at Fulham is not for everyone. They have had such a great season. Don't miss... Arsenal £88m summer target Dusan Vlahovic urged to 'keep calm' [LATEST] Thomas Partey magic shows Arsenal are ready to claim title [ANALYSIS] Arsenal could be scary next season if Edu listens to Jamie Redknapp [COMMENT] “There’s still a long way to go, though - 11 games. A lot can happen.Last month there was a lot of talk after we lost against City at home. Now it is again that we are at the top of the table. We just need to look at ourselves. If we keep the momentum high, and the quality high, it’s up to us.”As far as Arsenal are concerned that sense of “us” is as strong as it has been in a long while. From Mesut Ozil to Alexis Sanchez and more recently Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, there has been a litany of individualistic “superstars” on the Arsenal team-sheet.But since his January move, Trossard has found a very different situation. “Everyone is heading in the same direction and the atmosphere in the group is so good,” he said. “That’s one of the major parts to winning things - when everyone works for each other.“Someone gives a bad ball, the other one will make up for it. That’s how it goes and that is what Arsenal are all about at the moment.”