Mike Tindall and his rugby star pal James Haskell have made a few TV appearances in the last week to chat about their podcast, which they are taking on tour. The duo discussed their project with Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield during Monday's This Morning. However, things took an unexpected turn, when Mike opened up about his and wife Zara Tindall's baby loss. The former rugby star shared the heartbreak the couple faced after losing their unborn child at five months. Mike's admission came after James detailed how their podcast isn't just about rugby as they also tackle really important issues. James said: "People turn around and say, 'Look, you know, I love being a parent, I have this difficult moment, this was great, this was hard'. "Whatever it is, I think people then feel much more able to normalise all of it." READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap Mike weighed in: "Unfortunately, me and Zara went through a sort of baby loss. "Zara was five months pregnant, and the amount of people who wrote to me or got in touch is astronomical. "Everyone assumes having a baby is easy and it's not. "And unless people get around that or know about it and understand it, it's hard to deal with." Mike and Zara have three children together, Mia, eight, Lena, four, and Lucas, one. The royal has also opened up about her baby loss in the past, admitting she "felt guilty". During a previous interview on BBC Breakfast, Zara said: "I think that's the hardest thing in our situation, is that everyone knew. "And very much when things like that happen, normally it's just your family and friends, but unfortunately everyone knew about it." Don't miss... Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [LATEST] John Barnes fumes 'BBC can't have it both ways' in Lineker row [VIDEO] Laura Kuenssberg faces calls to 'step down' over Lineker impartiality [REACTION] Last week, Mike and James appeared on The One Show where James joked his wife Chloe Madeley was going to divorce him due to his busy schedule. When discussing their live shows, James said: "I'm slightly concerned by the time we come to that tour I may or may not be divorced by then. "I'm not allowed to say the name because a very panicked researcher said, 'Remember it's the BBC, do not mention it'. But you can look it up. "I've got that, then I'm DJ-ing in Ibiza for 15 dates, then we got the World Cup and we got a 17-date tour with Good, Bad, and the Rugby." "So my wife..." he continued as Alex added: "So you're single." "I'm single, I'm done," James joked as Mike chipped in: "It's alright though he doesn't have a young child at home." James added: "She hates me already, so we should be alright." This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV.