Chris Evans revealed his plans ahead of King Charles's Coronation as the broadcaster said his wife "wants a bit of sun". The former BBC Radio 2 presenter, who tied the knot with Natasha Shishmanian in 2007, said it's because of an annual tradition. Every year, the married couple enjoy a short break without their four children Noah, 14, Eli, 10, and four-year-old twins Walt and Boo. Speaking on Friday's episode of Virgin Radio, Chris explained the reason behind missing the royal's coronation. The radio DJ said Charles' special occasion falls on the weekend they take their annual trip. "Tash and I have this weekend away every year where we go without the kids," Chris told listeners. READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz’s ex Ben Ofoedu reacts after claim she 'faked' orgasms "I think she wants to go to Cape Town for a couple of nights. She wants some sun and it's in May." He went on: "We're going away on the Coronation weekend because we figured there's going to be more flights coming out of England. "Or more [flights] available than ever before because everyone is going to want to come here." "On Monday, when we're coming back, everyone is going to leave here [the UK], so we think that's great. That's our thinking."  The radio personality revealed his other half wanted to enjoy some sunshine over the Coronation weekend. "She wants a bit of sun. She's thinking of Tenerife or South Africa. Maybe the South of France or a bit of Mallorca. I'm thinking Dublin," he commented. Chris then joked: "I'll sneak out for a couple of days and get my hair transplant." The Virgin Radio host has previously spoken about his decision to undergo a hair transplant in 2021. Meanwhile, the King's Coronation will take place on Saturday, May 6 2023. This will be eight months on from his automatic appointment as King on September 8 2022. This is the first time a coronation ceremony will take place on a weekend since 1902 when Edward VII was crowned King. Chris - who left his Radio 2 show in December 2018 and began hosting his Virgin Radio Breakfast Show the following year - met his wife in 2005. Natasha met keen golfer Chris when they became partners in Sky One's All-Star Cup celebrity tournament. The two married in August 2007 and share four children together. Chris is also dad to daughter Jade from his previous relationship with former fiancée Alison Ward. The Chris Evans Breakfast Show airs weekdays on Virgin Radio from 6am.