Meghan Markle dismissed "essential" royal protocol as "silly" and "hated being controlled", according to a new royal book. Tom Quinn's Gilded Youth: An Intimate History of Growing Up in the Royal Family gives an insight into Meghan's experience entering royal life as an outsider, after her marriage to Prince Harry in 2018. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat In the book, a Kensington Palace staff member recalls Meghan's reaction to being treated in a "slightly condescending way" by the establishment as she was not born royal. The worker said: "I don't think in the whole of history there was ever a greater divide between what someone expected when they became a member of the royal family and what they discovered it was really like. She was hugely disappointed." Kate, Princess of Wales had to deal with similar treatment, however she was reportedly better at handling it because she "does not have Meghan's messianic tendencies", according to the worker. One of Meghan's former advisors also claimed: "Meghan hated being controlled by royal protocol." They added: "The fact, for example, that at Kensington Palace royals have to announce in advance when they are leaving the palace and where they are going. "This is partly for security but partly also to avoid a situation where a senior royal is upstaged by a more junior royal leaving just when the more important person leaves." While the Duchess dismissed this rule as "silly" the royal household deemed it "absolutely essential". READ MORE: Kate Middleton 'has come under a criticism' - 'a little bit boring' The former advisor said: "I think Charles agreed with Meghan on many points - he thought much of the protocol was silly, but it is hard to change. "William has bought into it, which is why George and Louis and Charlotte are so conventional and look like something out of the 1950s. "Meghan wants something different from this for her children - she wants American freedom to do and say what you like and go where you like." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are now raising their two children Archie and Lilibet in Montecito, California.  Don't miss... Zara and Mike Tindall raise their kids with 'sense of freedom'  [LATEST] I was glad when I heard Charles had kicked out ungrateful Sussexes [COMMENT] Kate defies tradition and meets Norwegian royals in a green suit [FASHION] Their son Archie Harrison was born on May 6 2019 while they were still working members of the Firm, while Lilibet Diana arrived on June 4 2021 after their move to the US. The family has made few return trips to the UK since they stepped down as working royals, although they brought their young children to see the late Queen during the Platinum Jubilee a few months before her death. It is not yet known whether they will travel back for the King's Coronation in May, especially given the recent news that they have been ousted from Frogmore Cottage. The ceremony also falls on the same day as Archie's fourth birthday.