Property expert and CEO of Art Windows and Doors, Allan Reid, said: “With this ongoing cold weather hitting the UK, it is very important to keep yourselves and your families warm. Unfortunately, the rising cost of living has complicated this, and it is understandable that many families are reluctant to incur extra outgoings. Luckily, there are several ways to keep yourselves warm without incurring high costs, most of which only require a one-off, small payment. With wholesale gas prices decreasing, bills are likely to come down soon, meaning next winter will be easier to weather.” According to the expert, around 10 percent of heat is lost through the windows, making them one of the largest sources of heat loss. With houses often having several windows and in every room, this can make the home feel cold due to draughts. To combat this, the expert recommended reinforcing the windows. This can be done by either calling a professional or using DIY products such as bubble wrap. Britons could also seal their windows to help keep any cold air out. The property expert said: “While they won’t heat your home, electric blankets are a highly popular, effective and cheap tool for staying cosy. READ MORE: Inside Meghan and Harry's home where 'Princess Lilibet' was christened “You can adjust the heating to your preferred temperature and the units are safe and easy to use. “Alternatively, you can layer up, with thermal clothing especially effective in helping you to retain heat without becoming too warm.” Cold air, especially during extremely cold temperatures, can enter the home through cracks and gaps in windows and doors, as well as the letterbox. This cold air can cause the body and home to lose heat faster, making blocking them out an “essential” step in keeping the home warm. Don't miss... Seven ‘must-know’ tips for storing bedding to prevent mould and mildew [COMMENT] Households urged to perform ‘simple’ cost-free job to keep heat in [INSIGHT] Laundry expert shares five common ‘habits’ to ‘stop’ making now [EXPLAINER] Letterbox draught excluders can be purchased for as little as £4 on websites such as Amazon and can be a great way to keep the property warm. Allan continued: “Some areas in your home are warmer than others. For example, you should relocate sofas or the place you usually sit away from the windows, as these will reflect cold heat. “Instead, try to reposition your furniture as far from the windows as possible, and remember that heat rises, meaning upstairs will always be warmer than downstairs.” Also make sure to move furniture away from any heat sources, such as any sofas blocking radiators in the living room. READ MORE: DIY expert shares six steps to paint a staircase As a general rule, Britons should keep furniture around two feet away from any heat sources so that it can circulate the room properly. The expert said that a simple hot water can be a godsend when the weather is cold outside, and a highly energy-efficient way to get instant heat. Allan explained: “As you can fill multiple bottles or easily move them, they are moreover an excellent way to get lots of heat for low costs, only requiring a refill every few hours.” This tip is only for the short term though, as hot water bottles will not keep the home warm, causing there to still be cold air within the home, which may result in mould. The property pro advised: “Not only will a humidifier add moisture to the air and make the room feel warmer, but it can also stop condensation in its tracks. “As more condensation will lead to the room feeling colder and have consequences such as damp, a humidifier has several great benefits, and units are cheaper than you might think.” Allan continued: “There are always new tips and tricks appearing on the internet, especially platforms like TikTok. By regularly keeping on top of the trends you can discover great ways to insulate your home. “TikTok account the.cosyclub regularly provides cheap life hacks to avoid spiralling heating costs.”