Kate Middleton and Prince William could be set to move into Royal Lodge, which is the current home of Prince Andrew and Sarah Ferguson. The Walses' and their three children moved from Kensington Palace to Windsor last year, shortly before the late Queen's death. The news comes as it was confirmed that Meghan and Prince Harry had been handed an eviction notice for their UK residence, Frogmore Cottage. The King has reportedly offered the five-bedroom home to Prince Andrew, although reports suggest that the 63-year-old is less than pleased with the idea of moving from Royal Lodge, which he has lived in for the past 20 years. The latest in the Frogmore twist could see the Prince and Princess of Wales moving out of their current home, Adelaide Cottage and into Royal Lodge, according to one royal expert. In an opinion piece for the Daily Mail, Rebecca English wrote: "For now they are in Adelaide Cottage, a not immodest residence by anyone's standards but with just four bedrooms (not even one for the nanny) they are living cheek-by-jowl. READ MORE: Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction "As one familiar with their situation tells me: 'The kids go to playdates at houses far bigger and grander than theirs.' "A first-world problem admittedly, but one that would be solved if, say, a 30-room, seven-bedroom property such as Prince Andrew's Royal Lodge became free." She added: "If, of course, he could be persuaded to 'downgrade' to five-bedroom Frogmore Cottage instead, a move he is said to be fiercely resisting. Who knows where this merry-go-round of mansions will end?" Last year, The Sun reported that William and Kate "checked out" Royal Lodge as an option to move in to as they planned their Windsor move, but had to reject it at the time because Andrew would "not budge." READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Charles forced to punish Harry and Meghan for ‘vicious Camilla attacks’ Prince William, joined by Kate, made his first visit to the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards on Wednesday, to attend their St David's Day parade. In December, William became colonel of the regiment, a title bestowed to the Prince of Wales by his father, King Charles III. During Wednesday's visit, the Prince of Wales gave a speech to rank-and-file soldiers, expressing his delight at attending as the "new Colonel". He said: "I am both honoured and delighted to be standing here in front of you today as your new Colonel. DON'T MISS "At the same time, I'm sorry that my father couldn't be here with us today to say farewell, but I know he would talk of his fierce pride and admiration for you all, and of his own sadness to be moving on from an appointment he held so dear since 1975." William then spoke of some of his memories with the Welsh Guards Sniper Platoon Salisbury Plain, adding that they are "some of my best". He concluded by stating that it is "a time I look back on fondly".