Everyone has their own routine when it comes to loading their dishwasher. Some people like to pre-rinse their dirty plates and cutlery while others like to separate their plates from their bowls. In some households, if a dishwasher is loaded incorrectly, it can even spark heated debates. With more of us dining in at home and looking for ways to save money on our energy bills, more of us will likely be leaning on our dishwashers to do the brunt of the hard work when it comes to washing our plates and cutlery. Home appliance brand AEG has provided some tips to help Britons make the most of their dishwashers - from loading their cutlery to the best wash cycles. It’s quite common for homeowners to section out their cutlery when they load their dishwashers, loading their knives and forks separately, for example. However, the experts at AEG recommended “evenly mixing your spoons amongst the knives and forks” if they need “more attention”. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge - Prince Andrew's £30m home Knives and forks also wash best facing upwards but can be stacked facing downwards too as this is often safer for those with children and pets. Some experts also suggest it’s more hygienic to have the handles facing upwards as when you unload the dishwasher you won’t be touching the part of the utensil that enters your mouth. Some dishwashers have cutlery trays. If yours has this, put larger utensils in the middle section, ensuring knife blades are facing down. Other cutlery items can be arranged on their sides, sliding into the notches of the tray. DON'T MISS Two easy methods to clean your patio without a pressure washer [INSIGHT] ‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [UPDATE] Cleaning solutions to ‘avoid’ using on your sofas [ANALYSIS] It’s also important to ensure the spray arms in your dishwasher can move freely. The experts added: “For sparkling clean dishes, make sure the spray arms can move freely before you start the wash cycle.” When you have time, try running the longer programmes at least twice a month. The experts said: “The shorter programmes can leave deposits of limescale inside the appliance so it’s really important to take care of your appliance, improving its lifespan.” READ MORE: I cleaned my entire dishwasher using white vinegar and lemon - results Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea When possible, try and use an eco-mode when you put your dishwasher on. Eco modes are designed to be more efficient and will likely save you money on your energy bills. The experts at AEG said: “It may seem counter-effective to leave your wash on for longer, but it is the most energy-efficient option because the quicker the wash, the more energy goes into getting the job done quicker.” When you put your dishwasher on a long hot cycle, the water doesn’t need to be heated up as much. You can also regularly clean your dishwasher to keep it running smoothly. Dishwashers should be cleaned once a month to prevent bacteria and limescale building up. Signs your dishwasher needs cleaning are if there’s an unpleasant smell, a buildup of food in the filter or visible to the eye and leftover food on cutlery. To clean your dishwasher, you just need white vinegar and a dishwasher-safe cup or container. Put two cups of white vinegar into the container and put it onto the top rack of the dishwasher. Put the dishwasher on a hot, long cycle. Once finished, you can use the dishwasher as normal.