Manchester United’s potential takeover has reportedly reached its next phase as meetings have been scheduled to discuss the Glazer family handing over ownership of the club. The only two public offers have been made by Sheikh Jassim of Qatar and Sir Jim Ratcliffe, though there have been fears that Joel and Avram Glazer are reconsidering an outright sale. The BBC have claimed that meetings will take place over the next fortnight in either London or Manchester as those involved are in the process of being informed whether or not they have made it through to the second stage of the process. While Jassim and Ratcliffe are the only public bidders, several different funding options have reportedly been proposed to the current ownership. Representatives from the club and the Raine Group, who are handling the process of the sale, will likely be included in the meetings. AC Milan’s former owners Elliott investment group are thought to be interested in being involved as a lender while Genevra Associates have pledged to reform Manchester United after putting forward an offer to buy a minority stake in the club. Joel Glazer stoked fears that his family may make a U-turn and reject opportunities to hand over the stewardship of the club by attending the Carabao Cup final win over Newcastle. It is thought that the offers from both Qatar and Ratcliffe are well below the Glazers’ initial valuation of £6billion. Reports have claimed that the family are split over whether to push through with a sale, as Joel and Avram Glazer are said to have been more interested in rejecting offers and retaining a full ownership of the club while their siblings are more intent on selling United. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes United icon Gary Neville has suggested that the Glazers may have an ulterior motive for their initial stance on a sale of the club. "I think what scares Man Utd fans most is the feeling this Man Utd ownership are running this process to drive a massive price up to try to somehow establish a level which means two of them can stay in," Neville told Sky Sports. "The rest of the family that want out can be bought out by an American fund who wouldn't mind owning a minority or significant share but not the entirety of the share. "I still think there is a focus that this isn't one big charade that the Glazers are running to try to establish a value which would be for their brothers and sisters to exit and the couple that want to stay in to stay. There's a priority at this moment in time for them to go."