A tennis player accidentally killed a bat while serving during a ATP Challenger Tour event. Kaliyanda Poonacha was playing in the doubles quarter-final of the Pune Challenger when the freak accident happened.  Serving at 5-1 down in the first set the 27-year-old unknowingly hit a bat as he served. The receiver hit the serve back and well outside the baseline before the bat landed at his feet. The match instantly stopped as all four players were shocked by what had just happened. The game was paused while a member of court staff cleared the bat before resuming with Kadhe Arjun and Neuchrist Maximilian winning the match 6-1,6-3. Journalist Michał Pochopień tweeted a video of the video commenting: "During the serve, Kaliyanda Poonacha hit a ball and ... a bat, which unfortunately ended its life in this way. "The most absurd situation on the tennis court?" Fellow journalist Gaspar Ribeiro Lança also commented on the incident stating: A bat (!!!) was involuntarily killed by tennis player Kaliyanda Poonacha during his doubles match at Pune @ATPChallenger. The poor animal got hit by his racket at the same time as the ball during a serve and landed dead on the other side of the court..". READ MORE: Casper Ruud lands himself in hot water with press conference gaffe   Fans were quick to comment about the incident and @SaKostecka revealed that a similar incident had happened in 2005. She said: "An identical situation occurred in 2005 during the ITF $50K tournament in Lebanon. Perpetrator - Monia Schneider." Tennis fan @tennisfanwbrain referred to an incident in baseball when the pitcher accidentally killed a bird with his throw. He added: "Did tennis just have its Randy Johnson bird moment?" During a spring training match in 2001 Johnson was pitching towards a San Francisco Giants batter when his throw hit a bird killing it on impact. Johnson's pitching speed on that day was measured to be able to reach 102 miles an hour, according to Sports Illustrated. The former MLB pitcher claimed that animal rights organisation PETA considered taking legal action against the sportsman. He told Fox Sports: "I was considered a bird killer, and they were actually considering filing charges on the bird's behalf." However, it was later reported that charges weren't brought against Johnson but the clip remains one for the archive. 