Manchester United players returned to training on Monday morning following their humiliating 7-0 defeat at the hands of Liverpool. Several heartbroken faces arrived at Carrington, with Erik ten Hag facing an uphill mission in preventing the loss from derailing their season. The Red Devils were embarrassed in front of their manager's eyes at Anfield, with some players appearing to throw in the towel before the final whistle had even sounded. The loss has truly crushed overly ambitious talk of a quadruple, though United do remain third in the Premier League and have every chance of winning the FA Cup and Europa League. Ten Hag will need his troops to react positively to the defeat if they are to win the latter. United face Real Betis at Old Trafford in the Round of 16, and they will be put to the sword again if they are not at their best. Though looking at the faces of his players, Ten Hag appears to have a huge task on his hands in preventing his squad from moping. Casemiro, one of the biggest leaders in the United squad, looked particularly defeated. Alejandro Garnacho, one of the few who continued to fight until the bitter end at Anfield, also appeared emotionally drained. The winger drew up to Carrington with his hood up and jumper hiding his mouth. Despite being one of the youngest members of the United squad at Liverpool, Garnacho was one of the few stars mature enough to show effort as the clock ticked down late on. Several United stars were criticised for how they conducted themselves as the scoreline grew, and Roy Keane did not beat around the bush in his assessment of those experienced heads. He told Sky Sports: “(Bruno) Fernandes' body language today was disgraceful. A really talented boy, he’s your captain - so much talent - but the body language, waving his arms around and not running back, you wouldn’t be happy with him in that dressing room, let me tell you. “United, the senior players were embarrassing. Didn’t show any leadership skills, particularly the senior players. The goals they gave away were shocking. Tough, tough day for United. “The players will be embarrassed, they’ll no doubt be ashamed of their performance. The senior players for Man United will be - the big players, the ones we give the big build-up to, the experienced players - they’re the ones who have really let the club down today. "I always imagined if you got beat in a game like this six or seven nil you’d go into hiding. As a player, you’d go into hiding for a few days. I think I’d go missing for a few months, it really is that embarrassing.”