Bosses have been forced to cancel filming for Emmerdale as the set continues to be battered by snow. The ITV soap is filmed near Leeds in the heart of the Yorkshire Dales but the area has been experiencing large amounts of snow from Storm Larissa for days. The blizzard has caused widespread disruption around parts of the country and the Emmerdale set has been impacted by the snowfall. Nick Miles, who portrays Jimmy King, confirmed filming had been halted with his Twitter followers on Friday. He shared: "Filming on Emmerdale was cancelled today due to the snow. Look out Leeds. We're all going sledding." His followers commented on the announcement, with Nicola Clayton remarking: "Stay safe on those sledges Nick, or we'll be next seeing you with a cast on."  READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Lindsay Brockwell shared: "Wow, a day off work. Have fun. Xx" The well-loved soap's iconic set was covered by snow on Thursday but it didn't stop the cast and crew from filming until Friday. Rosie Bentham, who plays Gabby Thomas, and Lewis Cope, who portrays newcomer Nicky, took to Instagram to share stunning snaps of the village blanketed in snow. Rosie also shared some photographs of a snowman she had made and cars covered with inches of snow.  Lewis also shared some pictures of the wintery scenes of Emmerdale village on his Instagram story. Emmerdale actors are currently filming for episodes which will air in May. The soap has not confirmed when the actors will return to the outdoor set to resume filming. An Emmerdale spokesperson told Express.co.uk: "We are not filming today.. but as it's thawing it's not expected to be cancelled after today."  Don't miss... Emmerdale couple torn apart after Charles Anderson betrayal [LATEST] Emmerdale's Paddy star Dominic Brunt rages over co-star's online abuse [LATEST] Emmerdale’s Paddy Kirk star brands himself 'stupid actor' [EXCLUSIVE] The Met Office has issued three amber warnings for the North of England, the Midlands, North Wales and Northern Ireland, where "significant disruption" is expected. While filming is on hold, tonight's (Friday, March 10) episode of the ITV soap shines a light on men's mental health. Many of the male characters have a lock-in at The Woolpack where they open up about their emotions in the wake of Paddy Kirk's (played by Dominic Brunt) suicide attempt. Emmerdale stalwarts like Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) and Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) will be part of the moving scenes.  Paddy's mental health hit rock bottom on the ITV soap earlier this month, with the village vet contemplating taking his own life. However, he returned home with Marlon by his side and his loved ones are determined to get Paddy the help he so desperately needs. Will Paddy start feeling more positive about his life soon? Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 