Aries An argument will erupt in the home or workplace and you could find yourself in the middle of it all. People will involve you, they want your opinion and most of all they want your support. There seems to be no way to escape the commotion. Taurus There’s more to life than work and being sociable. The start of a more reflective phase begins. You long for time alone to think about current happenings and whether you want to make some changes in the future. You accept the need to slow down and put more time into searching for inner peace. Gemini A clash of interests could put a working relationship under a cloud. You can’t understand why someone who has been helpful and supportive when they suddenly start rejecting all your ideas. This will reduce the pleasure you had started to feel about seeing a private goal coming closer to realisation. Cancer It will feel as if your boss is against you when they make a decision that appears to go against your best interests. Be patient. They have something even better in mind for you soon and what currently seems like a disappointment could turn out to be a blessing in disguise. Leo Family matters come under positive light and this will come as a relief when recently relationships at home have been up and down. In the workplace, everyone has an opinion and you might need to express yourself along more dramatic lines in order to get yourself heard. Virgo Someone knows you well and they also know how kind you can be. The favours they keep asking for are starting to become too much of a habit. It will surprise them when you turn them down but you need to start looking after your own interests, not everyone else’s.   Libra Be careful how far you go in your longing to revisit the past. Tring to relieve old memories could destroy some of those treasured recollections stored in your mind. People and places you revisit may not be what they used to be. If you must return, prepare for a slight disappointment. Scorpio All it will take is a little courage to set off on untried paths. You’re certain that if you turn down an offer you will regret it. Something you have hoped for, for a long time, could become yours in an unexpected way. A new acquaintance will soon become a good friend. Sagittarius Passion runs high. Your aim is to throw your energy into something that really matters to you. Don’t be surprised if you find yourself mixing with a variety of people of different ages, cultures and experiences. Your lifestyle is becoming more active.  Capricorn Someone in the workplace will be accused of spoiling for a fight. The reality is the going is extremely tough and all they are doing is voicing their belief that there should be more fairness and support for those who are working hard to keep everything running smoothly. Aquarius A rebuilding exercise begins. A team needs to prove that they are serious about their intentions. The focus is on skills, investment and providing more opportunities for people who feel they are being left out. The phones are ringing and new volunteers are coming forward. Pisces It will be necessary to alleviate a build-up of tension if you hope to regain harmony in the workplace. People will disagree but they can do so calmly and with respect for the different opinions that are being expressed. If it is possible for you to stay out of office politics, you will do so.   