Chantelle Walker, 26, appeared alongside her mother Elizabeth and sister Monique on Gogglebox in 2020. The family were over the moon with the opportunity, but were then left in the dark for months, with Channel 4 eventually telling them "there weren't enough cameras" to film them when, in fact, their contract was just not renewed. Chantelle has spoken out on the show, telling all about her "disappointing" experience, where she filmed in an Airbnb and was given a choice of limitless takeaways, before her prompt departure. Chantelle was scouted for the show after a TikTok of hers went viral where she danced to pigeon noises. She also had offers from The Circle and "another that wanted people and their nans" but settled for Gogglebox with her "confident" mum and sister. However, during her Gogglebox stint, she was informed the Channel 4 team had been "pausing filming" for a while. Months later, they found out their contracts had not been renewed, with Chantelling claiming to The Sun: "They told us they 'didn’t have enough cameras to film us' and something to do with the lockdown. READ MORE: Bruce Willis’ wife admits relationship with ex Demi Moore is ‘odd’ "We thought they were going to come back and restart filming in the next season." Chantelle said Channel 4 viewers were "shocked" over the news and they couldn't understand why it had happened, as she claimed there was "no discussion" with the TV company. Chantelle also claimed that the family filmed in an Airbnb with her bringing stuff to make it look like a home. She also said they were offered "whatever dinner" they wanted with the selection of all the delivery apps and there "wasn't any limit" on what they could order. Chantelle continued the aforementioned publication: "It was a really good experience doing Gogglebox... but it was a bit disappointing, I feel like we should have had more airtime but they chose to use less of us. "It was fun but I wish it could have been for longer. If I was asked to go on Gogglebox again I would do it." Express.co.uk has contacted Channel 4 for comment. This comes as Gogglebox star Lee Riley left Zoe Ball's radio show in chaos last week when he swore three times. The Channel 4 favourite was joined by his co-star and friend Jenny Newby on the Zoe Ball Breakfast show on BBC Radio 2 to help celebrate Gogglebox's 10th anniversary. The pair played a game with Zoe which ended up descending into a sweary commotion, with Lee responding to one clip: "Oh yeah that was that green s**t." Zoe jumped in, telling listeners: "Sorry for the language." Zoe then quipped that they had previously had former Oasis lead singer Liam Gallagher on the show, and he had managed to get through it without swearing. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue [COMMENT] The X Life's Denise Russo has died after spending last days 'homeless' [DEATH] Cher and new toyboy share a kiss in PDA-filled red carpet debut [PICS] Jenny and Lee returned to our screens last month for the new series of Gogglebox alongside other favourites, including sisters Izzi and Ellie Warner and the show's other popular sibling duo, Pete and Sophie Sandiford. Paige Deville has also spoken out against Gogglebox since she quit in 2021, after appearing alongside her estranged mother Sally Hayward. She previously told The Sun: "Sometimes they give you a ‘three, two, one’ countdown which gears you up and gets you ready to react. "It’s a bit of a pantomime behind the scenes, you have to understand that you’re a character in a show and you can’t be your 100 per cent authentic self, otherwise everyone would be on their phones for half of the show." According to the star, filming involved families watching 15-minute clips from five different shows each week. This comes after Paige revealed she’d fallen out with her mum, which is one reason she decided to quit. Talking to Birmingham Live, Paige said: "There have been problems within the family and my mum was given an ultimatum. “The decision means I have nothing to do with her now. I think the decision is irreversible. It is very sad but that's life, unfortunately."