Savannah Guthrie was beaming to welcome her co-host and pal Hoda Kotb back to TODAY on Monday morning after her two-week hiatus from the NBC show. Just moments after welcoming Hoda back, the presenter emotionally recalled why exactly she had to take a break from the show these past few weeks. Hoda revealed her young daughter had suffered a health scare that required a visit to the ICU. Hoda explained all after Savannah had opened Monday’s show by saying: “Hi everybody, good morning, welcome to Today, it’s nice to have you with us. “And Hoda, it is nice to have you right back where you belong! “It’s been a tough couple of weeks, you’ve been dealing with a health issue with your daughter.” READ MORE: You's Nadia star pays sweet tribute to co-star despite lack of scenes Hoda divulged: “Yeah, my youngest, Hope, was in the ICU for a few days and then the hospital for a week. “I am so grateful she’s home, she is back home, I was waiting for that day to come. “We are just watching her closely. I’m just so happy,” Hoda added before she wanted to say her thanks to those who’ve supported her. She said to Savannah: “And you know what I realised too, Savannah, is like when your child is ill, the amount of gratitude for people who helped you out. “So I’m grateful for the doctors at Wild Cornell who were amazing, and the nurses, “And I’m grateful to my family and I’m grateful to friends like you who were there every single day.” Hoda became choked up as she held Savannah’s hand before saying to her directly: “So I wanna say thank you for that, I really - I love you.” Savannah reciprocated Hoda’s kind words, telling her: “I love you too. You’ve got a lot of friends out there.” Don't miss... The Blacklist boss confirms who will be 'last man standing' [QUOTES] 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [WATCH] SNL pays touching tribute to John Head as NBC show airs title card [LATEST] Hoda stopped short of disclosing the specifics of her daughter’s illness or the reasons why she was taken to the hospital. Following her return and emotional opening speech, it didn’t take long for NBC viewers to send their well wishes her and Hope’s way. Twitter user @deepthoughts208 replied to TODAY’s clip online: “Amen. Glad to hear she's home doing better, & happy to see you back on @TODAYshow. God bless you all.” While @More1953 said: “Oh Hoda!! I started crying listening to you. I’m so happy little Hope is well.” Meanwhile, @Wildflowerhill_ weighed in: “Welcome back @hodakotb we've missed you and we're so happy to hear that your beautiful daughter is home! God bless you.” And @SandyLeeTV echoed: “Wishing Hope well, @hodakotb,” followed by prayer emojis. TODAY airs weekdays on NBC at 7am ET in the USA.