Emmerdale vicar Charles Anderson (played by Kevin Mathurin) was thrilled when his long-lost daughter Naomi Walters (Karene Peters) arrived in the village. Their relationship didn't get off to the best of starts, but they soon warmed up to each other. However, in recent scenes, the father and daughter clashed over Naomi's new boyfriend and Dawn Taylor's (Olivia Bromley) Alex (Liam Boyd). During Tuesday night's episode, Charles aired his concerns to his girlfriend, Manpreet Sharma (Rebecca Sarker). The vicar admitted he had a "bad feeling" about Alex, with Manpreet warning him to trust his gut after she didn't with her killer sister Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu). As Manpreet tried to get Charles' attention, the vicar said: "Sorry, it's Naomi's social media, talk about Alex overload. "They'll be half way to Gretna Green next." READ MORE: Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified "Do we really think he is that bad?" Manpreet asked. Charles replied: "He's a convict. Something is not right, I don't trust him." The doctor weighed in: "Well I suppose you better trust your instincts, I really didn't with Meena." "Now I am scared," Charles explained as he thought about Meena's killer rampage. She recommended he turn to the one person who knows Alex best - his ex Dawn. Following the episode, fans have taken to social media to share their thoughts on who Alex really is and what he is up to. Many seem to think he will end up killing his new love Naomi, while others suggest he will try and steal drugs from GP Manpreet. Don't miss... Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb's true identity as 'relative' returns [LATEST] Bradley Walsh bends over in laughter as The Chase player makes error [VIDEO] BBC 'renews' JK Rowling drama Strike after transphobic slurs [NEWS] User @Zombiechick1967 shared: " I hope Naomi f***s off soon, she's got to be one of the worst characters ever! "She's so annoying. Maybe Alex could kill her so there's no way she can come back!! #Emmerdale." @Chris1968E tweeted: "#Emmerdale with any luck this scumbag Alex will bump off Naomi then a few others." While @runninoncaffine added: "Dawn is right Alex needs to do one #Emmerdale." They later said: "Alex is up to something don't trust him." "So how long till Alex nicks a prescription pad from the doctors then …….#emmerdale," @StonersTees commented. Eileen went on to predict: "Alex drug dealer/ addict. Manpreet local GP access to pharmaceuticals. You don’t need to be Einstein to join the dots and see where this one’s going. #Emmerdale." If Charles' instincts are right, could Alex end up hurting Naomi just like Meena? Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.