Tottenham have been told to copy their north London rivals Arsenal in the search for their next head coach, as pressure continues to mount on Antonio Conte. The Italian’s contract at the club expires at the end of the season, but there have been calls to part ways earlier than expected following Spurs’ Champions League exit at the hands of AC Milan. There are concerns that Spurs could drop out of the race for top four despite currently leading the likes of Newcastle, Liverpool and Brighton following the 3-1 win over Nottingham Forest on Sunday. However, there is an increasing likelihood that Conte will not be in charge next season and Spurs have been urged to think outside of the box for his successor. Mauricio Pochettino has been linked with a return to the club alongside the likes of Thomas Tuchel and Luis Enrique, but former Chelsea striker Tony Cascarino believes that Spurs should take a look at their rivals Arsenal as inspiration for their next head coach - as he claimed that current Burnley boss Vincent Kompany could be the next Mikel Arteta. “I think it’s time they were much bolder and more original in their thinking — they need to think like Arsenal,” Cascarino wrote in The Times. “When they appointed Mikel Arteta in December 2019, Arsenal made a bold decision but it was bold because Arteta was young and lacked experience. JUST IN Tottenham make decision on talking to Conte replacements right now [LATEST] “It wasn’t bold in terms of talent — he was a highly regarded young coach and tipped by many to succeed Pep Guardiola at Manchester City. Well now there’s another young, inexperienced manager who is being tipped to be a future City manager — Vincent Kompany. “Guardiola himself said in the past week that he believes Kompany could be a future City manager so why don’t Tottenham, a club in need of enthusiasm and fresh impetus and ideas appoint the next bright young manager around instead of going for the usual names?” Don't miss... Tottenham focus in on Emi Martinez as Fabio Paratici 'prepares offer' [TRANSFERS] Tottenham urged to appoint Kompany as City hero named ideal next boss [LATEST] Richarlison has last laugh with Antonio Conte as Tottenham beat Forest [REACTION] Kompany played down speculation that he could replace Guardiola at Manchester City and admitted that he’s “a Championship manager, that’s my level” despite the Clarets being on course for a swift return to the top flight next season. Cascarino mentioned the warnings of hiring ex-stars and named Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard, but believes that the Belgian can break the mould - potentially at Spurs. “The job Kompany has done at Burnley is remarkable — 17 points clear of third place, playing a style of football fans at Turf Moor haven’t seen for years and, as many videos of his team talks on social media have highlighted, he clearly inspires and lifts his players,” Cascarino added. “Yes, recent former pros such as Steven Gerrard and Frank Lampard have struggled at big clubs in the Premier League but Kompany could be the next Arteta if Spurs are willing to take a gamble and be patient.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE. 