The Duchess of York candidly revealed she hasn't yet received an invitation to the Coronation of King Charles, her former brother-in-law. Sarah, also known as Fergie by friends and fans, took the centre stage on Monday evening as she joined a one-on-one conversation with Glamour editor Samantha Barry as part of the publicity tour for her new historical novel, A Most Intriguing Lady. At the event hosted at 92NY, Fergie spoke about the close bond she had with the late Queen and how she is taking care of her two surviving corgis. The warm relationship Sarah had with Elizabeth II, however, doesn't seem to have translated into an invitation to the Coronation. Asked whether she had managed to secure an invite for the historic event, the Duchess joked it's "TBD" - shorthand for "to be decided" or "to be determined" - whether she will end up being in attendance. When asked whether she was planning to go, Fergie said: "The invitations haven't gone out yet. Have they?" Prince Andrew's ex-wife didn't seem bothered by the snub, as she said: "'Well I've decided the best thing about being British around a Coronation - although I've never been to one - I think we should, I should set up a tea room at the bottom of the drive with bunting and cakes." At least some of the invites to the Coronation have been sent out, as over the weekend a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed the pair had received theirs. They did not, however, said if the couple is going to travel across the pond in May to attend the event. Harry and Meghan were one of the topics Fergie touched upon during her hour-long talk in New York. While she did not let herself be dragged into a conversation about their decision to step down as full-time working members of the Royal Family, Fergie said Princess Diana would be "so proud" of all her children and grandchildren. We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express