Former Blackpool and Sunderland boss Simon Grayson has become an unlikely hero in India after leading his new team to within 90 minutes of their first league title since 2019. The 53-year-old, who is best known for his time managing a number of EFL clubs before moving into his current job last year, has enjoyed a successful first season in charge of Bengaluru and will have the opportunity to win the Indian Super League when they face either Hyderabad or Mohun Bagan in this weekend's final. Bengaluru finished fourth in the end-of-season league table but have managed to get through the play-offs in order to earn a shot at domestic glory, rubber-stamping their place in the final with a penalty shoot-out win over Mumbai City on Sunday. It was clear to see from the post-match celebrations that Grayson is hugely admired by the supporters of his new club, who chanted his name en masse as he approached the stands to offer his appreciation.Grayson was seen clapping Bengaluru fans and raising his arms in response to the chants in a viral video clip, which demonstrates just how popular he has become in India since moving into his current role last year. The man from Yorkshire hailed the club's supporters in his post-match press conference by insisting that they deserve to see their team playing well but was quick to insist that the hard work is not yet over ahead of this weekend's Indian Super League final."I'm delighted, pleased for the players who gave everything tonight," said Grayson. "The supporters who have not had nights like these for a very long time. We put them through the mill with penalties. So proud of the club. JUST IN: Arsenal star Trossard says Gunners have received fresh title boost "To achieve what we’ve achieved from where we were took a lot of mental strength, spirit and we had that amongst everybody connected with the club. We’ve now got to go to Goa and get the job done."A number of English managers have coached in the Indian Super League over the last decade or so, with David James and Peter Reid the first to do so in the tournament's inaugural season back in 2014. The likes of David Platt, Robbie Fowler, Steve Coppell and Teddy Sheringham have since followed in their footsteps but Grayson will become the first Englishman to clinch the league title if Bengaluru manage to win this weekend's final. Don't miss... Arsenal's clock celebration after Fulham win explained amid fan theory [INSIGHT] Erik ten Hag's silence is telling as Ronaldo rule risks Rashford exit [OPINION] Lineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [LATEST] Grayson insisted that he would be looking to lead his new club to further silverware upon taking up the role of head coach at Bengaluru in June of last year, telling their official website: "When I spoke to the owner, his mindset was the same as mine. I want this club to be winning trophies again."I am aware that BFC has been very successful in the past but the last few years haven’t worked out like everybody would have liked it to. That happens in football, you learn from it and strive to do better, to get players to work harder on the pitch and off the pitch. That’s the exciting part for me."I think this is the perfect opportunity for me, especially because it will be a football season with the supporters. I’m coming not just to spend a period of time learning football in a different country. I’m coming here to win trophies at what is a fantastic football club." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day-by-day updates and a free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year - the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed… and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE. 