A detective at the murder scene of Maggie and Paul Murdaugh hinted disgraced killer Alex Murdaugh was betrayed by his own shoes and clothes. Detective Laura Rutland was among the first officers to interrogate Murdaugh after he called them to report the deaths of his wife and son. Rutland said the disbarred South Carolina attorney made an immediate impression on her after he appeared completely clean, despite claiming to have found and touched the victims. Rutland said: "Paul and Maggie were shot multiple times. Paul was shot by a shotgun, which caused catastrophic damage to the top of his head. "In addition to the biological matter around his body, there was also a lot of water. "And [the jury was] able to see that on Sergeant Green's body cam. It was just so odd that even Alex's shoes were as clean as they were, including the soles of the shoes." She continued: "Anybody walking around Paul's body would have had that watery, bloody mixture on their shoes." JUST IN: US Navy aircraft breaches Iranian airspace as it 'goes off course'  Rutland said she was initially sent to the scene because she lacked connections with the family. The Colleton County Sheriff's Office detective told Fox News: "I got there and was kind of surprised by how many law enforcement [vehicles] there were. And I was like, ‘Okay, this must not be a normal double homicide. Something's going on. "They asked me if I knew the Murdaugh family, and I didn't, so I got chosen to work with David Owen. ... I went in there with the thought to just handle it like every other case." READ MORE: Mum arrested as one-hour-old baby is dumped in petrol station bin She said Alex Murdaugh greeted officers at the murder scene wearing a clean white shirt and shorts, saying he seemed like he was "trying to make himself cry" when talking to her and Owen. Murdaugh initially claimed not to have gone anywhere near the dog kennels where Maggie and Paul were found on the day of the murder. He said he had napped in the afternoon and visited his sick mother before returning home and finding his wife and 22-year-old son dead. But audio clips played during the trial showed Murdaugh had been near his son and wife shortly before the murder as he could be heard speaking in the background of the recording. DON'T MISSMiracle as girl, 8, kidnapped in 2018 found alive in Mexico [LATEST]Mexican cartel hands over five members behind 'American kidnapping' [CRIME]Mexican president fumes over US threat to take out drug cartels [POLITICS] The trial in rural South Carolina lasted six weeks and included more than 75 witnesses, but ended with a jury taking less than three hours to find the 54-year-old Murdaugh guilty last week. His attorneys on Thursday filed a notice to appeal his convictions for the murder of his wife and son along with his life sentence. Prosecutors took more than a year to charge the disgraced lawyer with murder but decided not to pursue the death penalty. Murdaugh, who is also charged with about 100 counts of financial and other crimes, adamantly denied any involvement in the killings. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews