Stan Wawrinka has shared the reason he keeps playing tennis after Andy Murray shared his admiration for the Swiss star. The Brit gushed over Wawrinka and fellow veteran Richard Gasquet earlier this week as he lauded them for continuing to “love the sport”. And the 37-year-old has now explained why he is still going after re-entering the world’s top 100 - making him the oldest man inside the rankings group. Murray piled praise on two of his fellow veterans on the ATP Tour earlier this week, including old foe Wawrinka. The world No 55 said he loved “seeing guys that maybe are not at their peak. But they're still out there giving everything, competing because they love the sport.” And the former world No 3 has now explained why he is still playing at the age of 37, despite going through multiple injuries and surgeries since 2017. “Of course it’s always special. That’s one of the main reasons why I keep playing tennis,” Wawrinka told the ATP when asked what it was like to still attract a crowd of fans wherever he played. “I enjoy what I’m doing. I’m passionate about it. The emotion that I get from the fans, from the people in each tournament, from the support that I can get in matches, is always going to be special.” Touching on his eventual retirement, the three-time Major champion added: “I want to enjoy that as much as I can because the day that I will stop there will be no return.”  Just in Emma Raducanu provides perfect answer after question about black cats [LATEST] Wawrinka recently broke back into the world’s top 100 - making him the oldest man in the group - and said he was enjoying the process of building back up despite being a multi-Grand Slam champion. “I think I always enjoyed it. I think I’ve always been passionate about that. I never forgot why I started when I was young. It was to play a game,” he said. “[Swinging] a tennis racket with balls against someone, it’s the game, it’s the sport. Even if some days are not that easy, you always have to push yourself. You have to have great discipline.” Showing why Murray respected his choice to keep plugging away on the tour, Wawrinka continued: “I love the work, I love the process to get there too, so I’m lucky and happy that I enjoy what I have to do to be at my top level and also when I play matches, it doesn’t matter which court, which big stadium, small stadium. For me I always enjoy it and I always appreciate the sport.”  Don't miss... Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal boast epic 18-0 records no-one can tie [ANALYSIS] Emma Raducanu survives injury scare to upset Linette in Indian Wells [REPORT] Biden told Djokovic ban is 'craziest thing in the world' by politician [NEWS] And Wawrinka said he was also continuing to fight because it would be “impossible” to come back again if he finally decided to stop playing. “I think you need to see it as the big picture,” the current world No 100. “The day you stop your sport there is no return. There is no way back, because it’s impossible to stop after 30 and then try to come back. It’s almost impossible, it’s so tough. And then you have to see [what is] also tough [is] I’m getting really old for my sport. [But] I’m still really young in my life. “After tennis, there are still so many years to do other stuff, so all together, I want to enjoy as much as possible. It’s a privilege to be a tennis player. It’s a privilege to be playing at that level, to be playing in the biggest tournaments in the world. As long as I’m feeling competitive with what I’m doing, that I feel like I can beat the top players, I’m enjoying that.” The 16-time title winner proved that he still had a lot left in him as he downed 26th seed Miomir Kecmanovic in Indian Wells to progress to the third round, but when he does finally call it a day he will definitely still have a friend in Murray. Discussing their friendship, the Brit said: “Me and Stan always stayed in touch during the injuries. I mean not daily but messages here and there. We always got on very well together and obviously have shared the court many times with each other and stuff. We always sort of message each other and stayed in touch through the injuries.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 