Ru Paul's Drag Race UK winner The Vivienne is gearing up for Sunday's Dancing On Ice final with her professional ice-skating partner Colin Grafton. The Vivienne, called James Lee Williams out of drag, has blown viewers away with her stellar performances throughout the competition. However, she has addressed being labelled as "the joke act" ahead of the final with Express.co.uk. Speaking to Express.co.uk and other media about becoming a finalist alongside Only Way Is Essex star Joey Essex and former British gymnast Nile Wilson, The Vivienne exclaimed: "It’s an absolute dream come true. "I never would have believed this could happen - honestly. Thank you, Colin." Just three skates stand between the pair and the coveted Dancing On Ice trophy. Reflecting on being the first drag performer to take part in the ITV skating competition, the 30-year-old said: "It would be amazing, to be the first UK winner of season one of Drag Race and be the first drag performer to win Dancing On Ice."  READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail  She added: "I just think it's great that we are in the final and that we get to represent and show that drag is something that should be enjoyed not feared because there are far more important matters in the world going on than drag." Looking ahead to the final, The Vivienne exclaimed: "We are throwing everything we can at this." However, the drag queen admitted she feared she would not be taken seriously by ITV viewers at first. The Vivienne said: "We came in and many people thought we were going to be the joke act in this and nobody is going to lift anyone. "But I think we have proved them all wrong at every corner, so we’ve still got some lifts we are trying out. Hopefully, you will see them."    She stressed how the competition is "not always about mad tricks" when being out on the rink. The Vivienne revealed she thought she was in with a chance of winning during Musicals Week when she transformed into Eva Perón, the former First Lady of Argentina. She said: "I think when we did our Evita skate, I thought, ‘Okay, this feels powerful.’ "It really felt like we looked like figure skaters. When I watched it back, I was like, ‘Oh, this is like moving and this is gorgeous.'"   Don't miss... Joey Essex insists Dancing On Ice kiss was ‘planned’ with Vanessa [EXCLUSIVE ] Dancing on Ice's Joey Essex comforts Vanessa after emotional skate [LATEST] Dancing On Ice 'fix' row erupts as Mollie Gallagher booted out  [LATEST] However, Colin was confident his partner would win from the moment she skated out onto the ice. "I knew from the beginning because of the training and how we were progressing," he added. "But, I think one of the things that you have that others didn't was that the skating skill was there from the beginning. "I knew from the beginning but watching you evolve over the weeks, I think Evita as well was the point where I thought, ‘All right, we definitely have a chance at this.'"  The Drag Race winner took a tumble during her solo routine in the semi-finals and admitted to hurting her knees as she waited for the judges' feedback. Viewers rushed to Twitter to share their concern for the star, worrying it might impact the final scores on the night. However, she brushed herself off and sailed through to the show's final. Dancing on Ice: The Final airs Sunday, 6:30pm on ITV1 and ITVX. 