Lucy Alexander joined Homes Under The Hammer in 2003 but left the programme in 2016. The on-screen star explained the popular BBC show was created by her good friend Melanie Eriksen and the pair developed the auction series together. "When I first got that show the creator who devised it was a good friend of mine and I worked for her before," Lucy, 52, shared. "[Melanie] created it but I was on board in the first beginning stages." The presenter went on: "She came around to my house and said, 'what do you think about this?' "We devised it and developed it and Martin [Roberts] and I from the get go were the main presenters." READ MORE: Piers Morgan demands BBC suspend David Attenborough over Lineker row She added: "I think we had the best years when we first started but it's a lot of hard work and a lot of travelling." The mum-of-two admitted she would not turn down the opportunity to return to the property series. "I would never say no to that," Lucy explained. "Because it's my baby, it's my passion. I would never say no to returning." "I've done so many other shows since Homes Under The Hammer. I've moved on. I did three different property shows after it. So I didn't stop working once I'd left."  She continued: "It was brilliant to do other things. But I think it's always nice to go back and do a few [episodes]. "It would be so fun. I wouldn't say no to that. Just because I'm not there now doesn't mean I would never say never." Lucy admitted she still gets approached by viewers on the street who still think she is a regular on the property programme because she is often featured in new episodes. The on-screen star said: "I have a Homes Under The Hammer wardrobe. In the mornings, I would get up and have my Lucy scarves and coat look and get ready. "Don't forget it's the BBC so it's your own hair and makeup." She went on: "Sometimes if I wear a coat, a Homes Under The Hammer look, glasses on my head, make up on and coat, I know I'm going to get stopped, mainly in Costco or when I'm shopping. "People come up to me and go, 'Oh my god. I bought my house because of you. I've been to the auction.' I get stopped all the time. But I love it. "They often tell me about the houses they've bought and I love people." Since Lucy's departure from Homes Under The Hammer the presenter has gone on to front her own show including The Customer Is Always Is Right. More recently, Lucy made a guest appearance on Channel 4's A Place In The Sun. Homes Under The Hammer airs weekdays on BBC One at 11.15am.