Scammers often send fake phishing emails and texts pretending to be from banks in efforts to get a person to hand over personal details. They will often include the bank’s logo and other information to try and dupe the victim. Twitter user Rikki Renshaw (@Rikki_Renshaw) sent Santander a message after they received a letter purportedly from the bank. It said they should “fill out the form and return it to the Grafton Gate office”. Grafton Gate is a Santander base in Milton Keynes. The Twitter user added: “It seems a little strange and I'm not sure it's genuine”, and asked the bank to clarify the situation. Santander responded to say the letter they had received “doesn’t sound right”. They said: “If you haven't opened an account with us I would not interact with this. READ MORE: Simple change to payments could see you slash energy bills by £254 “If you wish to speak to one of our colleagues you can find our official phone number here on our contact us page.” The Twitter user replied to confirm they had not opened an account and that a phone number included in the message is “flagged as a scam number”. They said what had confused them was the fact the letter had included a legitimate address, for them to send their details to. Scammers often include real information about a bank to try and convince someone their request is legitimate. They may even include some of the victim’s details.  Another Santander customer recently shared their story being targeted by scammers who knew some of their details. Twitter user Alan Green (@alangreen1958) said: “Had an email from mobilepayments@santander and text cancelling my google pay card, they gave last four digits of card but smells like a scam.” Santander confirmed the message was a scam. Express.co.uk asked the bank how the fraudsters were able to get these details about the customer. The bank said it could not confirm how the customer’s details were accessed by the scammers without talking to them. READ MORE: Santander issues alert after ‘realistic’ scam email included customer’s card details A Santander spokesperson said: “Fraudsters will often use personal or financial detail previously obtained through phishing, smishing or vishing to make their approach to potential victims look more convincing. “If customers are in any doubt at all about whether a message is genuine, they should get in touch by calling the Stop Scams number on 159.” The Twitter user said he would send Santander the bogus email he had received. He added: “This was a realistic one, nearly had me fooled.” In these fake emails, fraudsters sometimes say a person’s account is at risk or they need to transfer their money to another account to secure their funds. A bank would never ask a customer to transfer their funds in this way. These messages may include a link to a fake website operated by the scammers which are used to harvest victims’ details. Santander shared some tips about how to spot a fake email. Signs to look out for include: For the latest money news, follow us on Twitter at @Expressmoney_.