Energy bills have risen by 27 percent since October of last year and are expected to rise by £500 in a month’s time following changes to the price guarantee. Experts are sounding the alarm that, even with existing Government support in place, Britons are being dragged into dire financial situations. According to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), 3.26 million of households in 2022 were living in fuel poverty in England which is 100,000 higher than the year before. Fuel poverty is the term used to describe the situation when someone is not able to afford to pay for energy in their home. Usually, this is caused by low income, high fuel prices, poor energy efficiency, and lack of quality housing. It is currently predicted that the number of households in fuel poverty will rise to 3.53 million this year with the slow removal of certain energy bill support. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Richard Neudegg, the director of regulation at Uswitch.com, addressed why the Government’s intervention in the cost of living crisis has only been partially successful in mitigating soaring energy prices. He explained: “Sky-high energy prices pushed 100,000 more households into fuel poverty last year, but the situation could have been much worse without political intervention. “The Government has taken a universal approach with its support measures so far to ensure that no one falls through the cracks and misses out. “However, this has come at a cost. Many households received a helping hand even if they didn’t need it, and for those in most need, it wasn't always enough.” The energy expert highlighted that millions of people across the country are in need of support, however more targeted assistance is needed. Mr Neudegg added: “The energy crisis has demonstrated how vital it is that the UK’s most vulnerable customers are protected. “The Energy Bill Support prevented 350,000 additional people falling into fuel poverty, but the Government must not take its eye off the ball. “Energy prices remain high and falling wholesale prices are not yet being passed down to consumers through fixed deals or the Energy Price Guarantee. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “In the longer term more targeted support for the vulnerable is crucial, which could include an energy social tariff for those who need it most.” Through the Government’s Energy Bill Support scheme, households are entitled to a £400 sum of money which does not need to be paid back. This is reserved for helping cover the costs of rising gas and electricity and is delivered automatically to households. The concession has been applied to every person in England, Scotland and Wales’ household electricity bill over a six-month period beginning in October 2022. Households received £66 in October and November, and £67 in December, January, and February and March; with another £67 sum to be handed out this month. However, the Energy Bill Support scheme is not being continued this year despite various cost of living payments returning in 2023. On top of this, the Government’s energy price guarantee is being raised from £2,500 to £3,000 in April. This is a cap on the price per unit of gas and electricity for homes with average energy usage. As a result, the average home is preparing for its annual energy bill to rise by £500 as of April 1.