Amy Winehouse is brought back to life, swigging from a bottle of vodka while walking alone along a Camden street. With the singer’s trademark locks in disarray, sporting an animal-print top and jogging bottoms, Marisa Abela is seen playing the late star during filming for the much-anticipated biopic, Back To Black. Marisa, who starred in racy BBC drama Industry, has been seen filming various scenes for the movie, which is being directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson. Amy used to be a regular sight coming out of The Hawley Arms or another one of her Camden haunts before her tragic death from alcohol poisoning aged 27 in 2011. Marisa, 26, stars in the biopic alongside Jack O’Connell as Amy’s husband, Blake Fielder-Civil, whom she got engaged to in The Dublin Castle in Camden. The pub is also where the Arctic Monkeys got signed and Oasis played their Be Here Now album live for the first time. All over its walls are photos signed by top stars, including a picture of Amy actually behind the bar. She signed it to landlady Peggy Conlon, writing: “Peggy, thanks for letting me behind the bar – I need the tips! Lotsa love, Amy. P.S. I got engaged the night this was taken.” Speaking in 2021, Peggy’s son Henry, who took over the pub from her, told how Amy would drink in the pub and sometimes work behind the bar, to get away from the pressures of her growing fame. He said: “She gigged here once, at the Camden Crawl, but she drank in here all the time. I had to bar her once. “She threw a tantrum and was kicking stools about. It wasn’t long before she was back though.” Last week friends of Amy voiced their fury towards her father for allowing scenes of her drugs overdose to be filmed at her old flat. Marisa was pictured on a stretcher with an oxygen mask as she left the property in north London, which is now owned by Amy’s father Mitch. The scene depicted one of his daughter’s darkest moments, following a reported 36-hour drug-taking session back in August 2008. Amy lived in the property following the release of her Back To Black album until 2010, when she bought a four-storey house nearby. She was found dead there the following year.