Gabby is a woman from New York who up until she was 15 years old thought she knew her legal name. It was only when she had taken her car learner’s permit test at the DMV she found out she had a different name on her birth certificate. Gabby shared the story in a video on her TikTok account @gabbbbb16 which has gone viral online with over 2.5 million views. In the video, Gabby wrote some text on the screen while music plays and revealed that her parents had misspelled ‘Gabrielle’ on her birth certificate. She wrote: “Thinking about how my parents made a typo on my birth certificate and I didn’t find out until age 15 that my real name is actually Babrielle.” In an interview with the Post on Sunday, Gabby was shocked to discover she had a different name when she went to give the DMV her social security number after she had passed her learner’s permit test. READ MORE: 'We gave our daughter her name as a bit of a joke - but then it stuck'    Gabby said she had been standing in line with her Mum, and asked her what was going on. Gabby’s Mum confessed that she and Gabby’s Dad accidentally made a spelling mistake on their daughter’s birth certificate. Gabby said: “Long story short, I did not learn how to drive that day, rather, I learned that I’ve been living a lie for the past 15 years.” However, the issue has been able to be resolved as Gabby’s parents legally changed her name to its correct spelling shortly after the confession, and Gabby was able to get her driving permit. Although she now has her proper name, Gabby’s birth certificate name has become a joke amongst her friends. She said: “To this day, all my friends call me ‘Babby’ or ‘Babs’–even strangers who have heard this story will just immediately start referring to me as Babs. Needless to say, I never struggle to come up with a fun fact!” Don't miss... 'I'm 52 and I date men in their 20s for sex' [LATEST] 'Marrying my stepdad was the best decision I’ve ever made' [REPORT] Woman's BBL is the 'best' TikTok users have 'ever seen' [INSIGHT] In the TikTok comments of Gabby’s video, a surprising amount of people revealed they had similar birth certificate mistakes. One woman named Miya said in the comments: “We had to order my birth certificate to get my nose pierced and it says FATHER: Sarah MOTHER: Jake.” Another user commented: “My parents are listed as white [on my birth certificate] and we are literally Indian so there’s that.” Somebody else said: “My nephew is supposed to be named Cameron BUT his birth certificate says Carmon” while another commented wrote: “Same thing happened to me. Raised as Taelor only to find out at 18 I’m actually Tealor.” Gabby has been shocked by how many people have told her they have experienced a similar mix-up. She said: “Here I was thinking this whole name fiasco was such an insane experience, could have only happened to me, “After posting the video, I realized that sharing this story had brought together a whole community or people who had a similar story!” She added: “I think none of us really realized that we weren’t alone in our wild fake name journeys.”