Maintaining a youthful look is not just about haircare and skincare - the way your body looks is also crucial, according to an expert. Personal stylist and image coach Melissa Lund spoke to Express.co.uk about how women can look younger without even looking in their wardrobe. She said posture can make all the difference. Melissa previously told Express.co.uk that ageing is inevitable but that doesn't mean women have to resign themselves to looking old. She said: "Even if we have been that person who always seems to look younger than their years, eventually we have to assume our age, as the French say (sounds so much more chic than saying getting older, don’t you think?). "That being the case, most of us are quite keen to have some tricks up our sleeve to knock a few years off. And why not, I say? "It’s not about looking 25 when you’re 50, but it is most definitely about looking and feeling youthful." READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures The expert recently told us one of her "favourite tools" mature women can use to "stay out of the frump zone". What's on your back does matter - of course - but even the most glamorous garments cannot make a hunched back look young and spritely. She warned older women to keep an eye on their posture, providing some tips on how they can appear leaner, taller and younger. Melissa said: "Good posture will always make you look youthful. As we age, our body shape (as set by the proportions of our bones) doesn’t really change but posture is something else. Don't miss... Meghan Markle shares avocado on toast 'with a twist' - recipe [RECIPE] Aldi recalls chocolate product - some customers should 'not eat' [LATEST] Kate and Camilla wowed in velvet but accessorised totally differently  [PICTURES] "Rounded shoulders and a back that’s collapsed slightly will make anyone look older. "Maintaining a youthful posture also makes it easier to get clothes to fit you properly because your bust will sit in the right place." She added: "I have mentioned this many times before but it is so important with any kind of tailored garment." Being aware of your posture and sitting up straight or standing tall are key, but how can women fix their bad backs for good? READ MORE: Cosmetic treatment: 70-year-old youthful post-op but sends warning Melissa advised: "Dance (any kind, but particularly ballet or barre class), yoga, Pilates and Alexander Technique can all help with posture." What's more, a confident posture can create an added grace and poise in just an instant. Of course, some posture issues might require a visit to a doctor who could put them in touch with another professional such as a physiotherapist. In addition to practising good posture, the expert advised that women should keep an eye on their weight. She explained: "You don’t have to be super skinny but maintaining a reasonable weight makes you look younger." But Melissa warned against losing too much weight as this can have the opposite effect - "if you’re too skinny your face will look older so it is a fine balance". She concluded that good posture and a healthy weight are two ways women can look younger without having to peek in their wardrobes. "If you’re reasonably slim and have good posture, that’s a winning combination," she said. Melissa Lund is a personal stylist and image coach.