The team at Airbnb have found the UK’s top trending staycation destinations for an Easter holiday. A stunning coastal town was top of this year’s wishlist. READ MORE: Cruise guest says to 'avoid' certain port excursions According to Airbnb, the UK’s top trending staycation destination is Scarborough, one of Yorkshire’s favourite seaside towns. From dramatic cliffside walks to award-winning beaches, it’s not hard to see why the resort town is so popular. Scarborough Beach is one of the town’s top rated attractions and tourists will be conveniently placed for access to its best fish and chip shops. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “Scarborough beach was a perfect find for us and our dog who loves to run and play in the sea. Don't miss... Women can now swim and sunbathe topless in public pools in Berlin [LATEST] The most underrated holiday destination for 2023 is ‘breathtaking’  [INSPIRATION] Travel expert explains how to keep ‘documents secure’ [LATEST] “It is a lovely, clean, sandy beach which welcomes dogs out of season. There are some rock pools at the far side to explore.” Another tourist said: “Fantastic beach with great views of Scarborough. Plenty of food places, arcades, shops.” Scarborough has more to offer than beaches and tourists can also spend time wandering the streets of the Old Town. At the Rotunda Museum, tourists will be able to see fossils and learn about the creatures that used to inhabit the area. READ MORE: Tripadvisor names most popular holiday destination in Spain Scarborough is also home to the first cliff tramway, which was installed in 1881 for £10,000, about £1m today. Before heading home, tourists will want to pick up an ice cream at the famous Harbour Bar which has been serving scoops since 1945. Belfast took second place in the rankings. The Northern Irish capital has a buzzing cafe culture. Tourists can also check out the Titanic Belfast museum to learn more about the tragic ocean liner and its passengers. Peak Forest, a small village in England’s popular Peak District, was the third trending destination. Another seaside town, Weymouth, took fourth place on the list while Blackpool was also in the top 10. Meanwhile Dubai was the top destination for Britons looking to travel overseas with Nice close behind. Copenhagen, Alicante, Athens and Berlin also ranked highly with Brits looking to travel for Easter.