A new challenger has entered the fray to give Samsung's Galaxy Fold a run for its money. The foldable smartphone market is currently being dominated by Samsung’s heavy hitters like the Galaxy Z Fold 4 and the Galaxy Z Flip 4, with new contenders like Oppo Find N gaining in popularity. However, one of its Android rivals will soon enter the foldable smartphone market later this year, and it could once again be a flagship killer. OnePlus, a Chinese brand famous for its affordably priced phones, has confirmed that it will launch a foldable smartphone in the second half of 2023. The company, which is a subsidiary of OPPO, another smartphone giant, made the announcement last week during its “From Fast & Smooth to Beyond” panel discussion at Mobile World Congress. Kinder Liu, President and COO of OnePlus at the event said: “Our first foldable phone will have the signature OnePlus fast and smooth experience. “It must be a flagship phone that doesn't settle because of its folding form, in terms of industrial design, mechanical technology, and other aspects. We want to launch a device that aims to be at the pinnacle experience of today’s foldable market.” While OnePlus gave no other details about the new device, a good guess would be that this foldable phone would look or work similarly to the ones produced by OPPO- OnePlus’ parent company. Foldable smartphones have caught on like wildfire over the past few years, as they offer users giant and immersive displays in a form factor that remains small enough to pop in their pockets. Currently, smartphone giants like Apple and Google have not yet entered the modern flip-phone market. While OPPO is currently on its second round of folding devices, they have largely been limited to China. After launching in China late last year, OPPO last week launched its Find N2 Flip worldwide and according to Express.co.uk’s recent review, it is easily as impressive as the Galaxy Z Flip4. Meanwhile, Honor, another smartphone company, has confirmed plans to bring its foldable phone, the Honor Magic Vs, to the UK this summer during a keynote presentation at MWC in Barcelona. READ MORE: Oppo Find N2 Flip review: Galaxy Z Flip4 should be worried The Chinese company confirmed that the Honor Magic Vs will launch in June 2023. UK pricing will be confirmed closer to launch, but the RRP is €1,599. That converts to roughly £1,400, although we'll need to wait for the official UK price to be announced to know for sure. According to Honor, what sets their new flagship device apart from the competition is the hinge design, which can be closed without any visible gap in the chassis. While it may seem like a minor detail, it allows the Magic Vs to measure 12.9mm when folded. For comparison, the Galaxy Z Fold 4 is 15.8mm when folded closed. While companies scramble to develop and release their new foldable phones, legacy brand Motorola is bending in a different direction, giving the world a glimpse of its new rollable smartphone. The firm's new rollable call maker features a smart screen which extends when you need some extra viewing space. That means you can quickly go from holding a phone with a neat 5-inch display to a device that gets a more expansive 6.5-inch screen. The Motorola Rollable is just a concept for now but Express.co.uk has had an exclusive preview and it makes a lot of sense. Get it in your hands and the standard 5-inch screen feels perfect for sending a few texts, checking the local weather reports and making a few calls.