Ke Huy Quan had already bagged the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the film before he took to the stage with co-stars and fellow winner Jamie Lee Curtis, Michelle Yeoh and the rest of the team. But after 1923’s Harrison announced Everything Everywhere All at Once won Best Picture, Ke excitedly ran up the Dolby Theatre’s steps before embracing the actor. A beaming Ke leapt onto the Oscars stage shortly after the Best Picture award was announced and began jumping up and down. He quickly pointed at Harrison before clutching the legendary actor close to him in a hug. Ke then planted a kiss on Harrison’s cheek before the Indiana Jones star handed the Oscar over to the movie’s creator. Seeing just how excited Ke was to reunite with Harrison on stage, several Oscars viewers took to Twitter to comment on the heartwarming moment. READ MORE: Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping And the joy etched upon Ke’s face left barely a dry eye among ABC and Sky viewers at home. Twitter user @fairyofmiroh claimed: “Ngl these been the Oscars I've cried the most. “Ke Huy Quan, Jamie Lee Curtis, Brendan Fraser, Michelle Yeoh, Guillermo del Toro with Pinocchio, Jhon Travolta crying presenting the In Memorial, Ke Huy Quan and Harrison Ford hug ... sea of tears, thats what I am.” While @shinzlet weighed in: “Ke Huy Quan hugging Harrison Ford with Steven Spielberg cheering in the audience - our Xennial hearts exploded.” Elsewhere, @crazyfortsukki commented: “Ke huy quan and harrison ford making me cry fr.” And Samar Mahmood suggested: “I know it’s traditionally presented by last year’s winner, but I would have loved to see tradition broken to allow Harrison Ford to present the Best Supporting Actor award to Ke Huy Quan #Oscars.” And @mariaastardust7 agreed: “I’m crying over Ke Huy Quan and Harrison Ford's hug at the Oscars.” (sic) Ke and Harrison starred opposite one another in the second Indiana Jones film with Ke taking on the role of an orphan named Short Round. Don't miss... Colin Farrell and lookalike son Henry don matching suits at Oscars [PHOTOS] Hugh Grant leaves Oscars fans disgusted with crude Oscars joke [REACTION] Nicole Kidman sparks concern at Oscars in sloppy kiss with Keith Urban [LATEST] Everything Everywhere All at Once marked a triumphant on-screen comeback of sorts for Ke, with the actor bagging his first-ever Oscar. He saw off the likes of Brendan Gleeson, Brian Tyree Henry, Judd Hirsch, and Barry Keoghan in the category. Ke burst into tears on stage as he paid tribute to his mother watching at home. “My journey started on a boat,” he said during his acceptance speech. “I spent a year in a refugee camp. “And somehow, I ended up here on Hollywood’s biggest stage. “They say stories like this only happen in the movies. I cannot believe it’s happening to me. This — this is the American dream,” Ke triumphantly said as he held his Oscar aloft to a raucous audience. The Oscars are available to stream on Sky and NOW now.