Tottenham return to Premier League action following their disappointing exit in the FA Cup at the hands of Championship Sheffield United in midweek. Wolves will be the opponents as Cristian Stellini looks to strengthen the Lilywhites' grip on the Champions League places before Antonio Conte’s return next week. Here Express Sport details the latest team news and predicts what the Spurs starting lineup may be with in-from duo Emerson Royal and Oliver Skipp likely to return to the team alongside Harry Kane, Dejan Kulusevski, Clement Lenglet and Cristian Romero. Goalkeeper: Fraser Forster There are no questions between the sticks at the moment with club captain Hugo Lloris still out with a knee injury. Back-up Forster has taken the gloves in his absence and this will continue against West Ham given Brandon Austin and Alfie Whiteman have made no senior appearances for the club. Defence: Cristian Romero, Eric Dier, Clement Lenglet Tottenham have regularly chopped and changed at centre-back this season and this is likely to continue at Molineux. Romero should return having missed out in the FA Cup and he may be joined by Lenglet with the Frenchman on a good run of form. Dier is likely to line up in his normal slot in the middle. READ MORE: Liverpool star Firmino 'to leave at end of season' after Klopp meeting Wing-backs: Emerson Royal, Ben Davies Royal has started to prove many of his detractors wrong in recent weeks after hitting an excellent run of form since the arrival of Pedro Porro. Stellini has confirmed that the Brazilian is fully fit for today’s fixture and that should be enough to see him return to the lineup. Davies may reside on the opposite flank. The Welshman has spent the last two Premier League matches at left wing-back and should return there against Wolves with Stellini appearing to favour his defensive stability. Midfield: Oliver Skipp, Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg Hojbjerg is a near certainty to start as Tottenham’s clear first choice in central midfield following the injury to Rodrigo Bentancur. Skipp should return to join him with the Englishman impressing in recent weeks, capping off his good form with the opening goal against Chelsea last weekend. DON'T MISSDe Jong 'makes feelings clear' on ditching Barcelona for Man Utd due to CasemiroJesus could be back in perfect timing for Arsenal ahead of six-game runArsenal and Man Utd to lose out on £100m transfer as Man City have trump card Forwards: Heung-min Son, Harry Kane, Dejan Kulusevski With Richarlison failing to impress in recent weeks, the famous trio of Son, Kane and Kulusevski should lineup at the Molineux. The South Korean has struggled at times this season but Stellini may want to return him to the lineup and hope he can recover his best form.