Donald Trump has praised Tucker Carlson despite texts from the Fox News host showing he "passionately" hates the ex-POTUS. The 76-year-old former Commander-in-Chief made the supportive remark after Carlson aired Capitol security footage from January 6.  Carlson was condemned by Democrats, the chief of Capitol police and the family of an officer who died during the insurrection. Senate Majority leader Chuck Schumer even blasted House Speaker Kevin McCarthy for supplying Fox with the footage. However, Trump welcomed Carlson's decision on social media. Taking to TruthSocial, the ex-POTUS said: "GREAT JOB BY TUCKER CARLSON TONIGHT. JUST IN: Ron DeSantis 'laying groundwork for 2024 bid' after Donald Trump's 'controversial' speech  "The Unselect Committee of political Hacks & Thugs has been totally discredited. "They knowingly refused to show the Videos that mattered. "They should be tried for Fraud and Treason, and those imprisoned and being persecuted should be exonerated and released, NOW!" Trump supporters stormed the Capitol on January 6, 2021 after attending a rally held by the former POTUS. READ MORE: Dr Shola lashes out at Charles and William for 'snubbing' Lilibet's christening Nine deaths have been linked to the incident. More than 1,000 people charged and hundreds convicted on charges, including seditious conspiracy. Trump's comments about Carlson come shortly after it was revealed the Fox host said he "passionately hated" Trump. Carlson's remark emerged as part of a defamation lawsuit by Dominion Voting Systems against Fox News.  DON'T MISS: Tyler Perry 'didn't want' to travel to UK for Lilibet's christening [LATEST] Woman's nose ripped off by boyfriend's pitbull  [INSIGHT] Dr Shola lashes out at Charles and William for 'snubbing' Lilibet [REVEALED] Sending a message on January 4, 2021, Carlson said: "We are very, very close to being able to ignore Trump most nights. I truly can't wait." He added: "I hate him passionately." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews