A young father has been told he has just three months to live after a crushing cancer diagnosis. Kane Muskett lost his mother to cancer 17 years ago and, after suffering gastritis in around 2020, fought for a scan on his stomach. The dad of three, of Scunthorpe, Lincolnshire, finally had this and has now been diagnosed with cancer of the liver.  "After a blood test and the scan, I found out I had liver cancer in September 2022," Kane said. "My mum passed away aged 36 from cancer when I was 10 and so did my nana when I was older. Sadly, cancer is quite prevalent in my family and I knew something was wrong so it wasn't a massive surprise when they told me. I knew for sure when I was pulled into a side room in the hospital and about five or six doctors came in after me." With just a few months to live, the man is going on holiday as much as he can and making as many memories with his kids as possible. Speaking to GrimsbyLive, the Kane said: "When they first told me, it was really hard to hear, but after about half an hour I'd calmed down a bit. I just had to get on with it and then I went to Leeds in November and they told me I had about a year to live and that they couldn't operate because my liver was over a main artery. "It all started a couple of years ago with me having a lot of time off work and going back and forth to the doctors being treated for gastritis. No matter what they did, nothing got any better though."  Kane knew he wasn't going to be told any good news and had prepared himself for the inevitable. However, his auntie and brother who had gone with him were distraught by the news. Dad to Poppy, eight, Kyro, three, and nine-month-old Ivy, Kane says his children keep him going. "They're the only reason I get upset about the situation, but they're also the thing that keeps me going. With the chemo though it's been hard to do much with them. I read a book about parents with cancer to Poppy so she understands it a little bit and Kyro knows dad's poorly, but we don't want to upset them too much." Regardless, Kane is determined to live life to the full before he is unable to do so. "As soon as I found out, I went to Amsterdam with my brother and booked to go to Tenerife with my family. I just want to get as many holidays in before I can't do it anymore. "I want to make memories with my children too and raise awareness of the illness to make sure others can get their diagnosis before it's too late. It took me nearly two years, but if I'd have had a scan sooner it could have been a different story. "My liver is now twice the size of a normal liver. I don't really like showing my emotions though so I'm just trying to keep a brave face at the minute, but I know that my family are finding it quite difficult, especially my brother." A fundraiser has been set up by Kane's friends to help raise as much money as possible to help raise awareness of his cancer. To donate, click here.  