If you’re sick to the back teeth of Tory screw-ups – and, let’s face it, no one could blame you - then great: go ahead and slam the deal that Sunak and the unelected bureaucrat Ursula von der Leyen have just announced with huge fanfare. Because, yes, we know it will be mudge and fudge. We know it won’t please the DUP. We know it won’t completely eradicate the border in the Irish Sea and we know it’ll retain a role for the EU courts in Northern Ireland. In short, we know it will be horribly imperfect. But we also know that if (or is it when?) the EU-loving flip-flopper Keir Starmer gets into Downing Street, any deal left for him to sign will sell us down the river, across the Channel and straight down the highway from Calais to Brussels. It would make the agreement that Sunak signs, however imperfect, look like a gigantic victory for Britain and Brexit.Need we remind ourselves that Keir Starmer is the ultimate Europhile and the man who did as much as anyone to try to overturn the Brexit vote? Need we recall how he changed Labour policy after 2017 to the disgraceful People’s Vote, and described Brexit as a “catastrophe”, yet now proclaims, with mind-boggling chutzpah, he wants to “make Brexit work”?When he says he wants “a closer relationship with the EU”, we know he’d actually rejoin the EU in a heartbeat if he thought he’d get away with it. And one day he just might. It’s what he believes. I’d sooner trust Blair with his Dodgy Dossier than Starmer with Brexit.  In fact, after his flip-flopping over Brexit, Corbyn, antisemitism, nationalisation, tax and spend, Shamima Begum and what constitutes a woman, I wouldn’t trust Starmer with my last pound coin. Or Euro. Ruthless political operator? Yes, I’ll give him that. Man of principle, consistency and integrity? You’re having a laugh.We need to be crystal clear about this: if the Tories are to have even the slenderest hope of winning the next election, preserving Brexit and keeping Starmer out of Number 10, then Sunak’s deal with the EU has to be supported and successful. It is that crucial.But if, on the other hand, we get another Tory civil war, recriminations and Cabinet resignations, then the Conservative Party has put the final nail in its own electoral coffin regardless of who’s in charge. And we’ll be set for at least five years, and probably more, of a Brussels-fawning Labour prime minister who thought that the Brexit referendum, in which 17.4 million people voted to leave, could merely be swatted aside.Is that what Leavers want? To trust that man with Brexit? Because that’s what will happen.  This isn’t like 2019, when the inadequate Theresa May, a Remain voter, was Prime Minister, and busy trying to bounce us into a BRINO deal that would in all likelihood have meant Britain staying in the EU’s Customs Union. Yes, of course, it was crucial she failed and got booted out. And, yes, the Brexit hardliners were bang on the money to refuse to back her deal. As a result, we got Boris in her place with an 80-seat majority and the end of all that lethal Corbyn-Jezza-mania garbage.But we now live in a different world. Britain has left the EU. The Brexiteers have won. We have a Leave voter in Number 10. Democracy has triumphed. So, for God’s sake, let’s not make the perfect the enemy of the good. Tory Brexiteers must surely back this deal and then turn all their efforts on beating Starmer in the ballot box. Or suffer the consequences.The next election is not yet done and dusted for Labour. They are big favourites, yes, but not yet over the line. A united Tory party can still triumph. If not, Brexit is once again at risk. 