Inter Miami are targeting a number of the biggest names in world football, with Juventus forward Angel Di Maria the latest to appear on their radar. The Argentine could even link up with his childhood friend in Lionel Messi, who has been heavily linked with a move to the MLS in recent months. And according to Calciomercato, the Florida-based club want Barcelona's Sergio Busquet as well as Paris Saint-Germain's Messi. But they are not the only European players on their radar, with the report claiming they also want to lure Di Maria to Miami. Their goal is to reunite the in-form attacker with his fellow World Cup winner in the American top flight. Messi is discussing a new deal with PSG and Busquet has yet to decide his future, while Juventus wants to keep Angel Di Maria. His contract with the Serie A giants expires in the summer and it is believed that Di Maria wants to stay in Europe. The report from Italy also claims that Juventus could offer him a reduction in wages, which means that Miami's offer could be attractive for the 35-year-old star. Messi and Di Maria are no stranger to one another, with the pair enjoying a healthy relationship on and off the pitch. After Messi Joined Paris Saint-Germain in 2021, the pair quickly embarked on a chemistry-filled partnership in the French capital. Ahead of Messi's arrival in France, Di Maria gushed: "In my career, I was missing the icing on the cake - playing with Leo [Messi] at a club. I had several chances to go to Barca. It makes me happy to have him every day and to see what he does and not only when we are with the Argentina team." Meanwhile, Phil Neville recently admitted that Inter Miami are interested in both Messi and Busquets. Speaking to The Times, Neville said that both players are on his radar in what would be a huge coup for Major League Soccer. Affirming his plans, the former Manchester United man said: "I’m not going to deny [it and say] there isn’t truth in the speculation that we’re interested in Lionel Messi and Sergio Busquets. "We want to bring the best players in the world to this football club. Messi and Busquets are the two that stand out more in recent years. They're great players who would still be a massive benefit to this organization. For MLS, it would be a game-changer. "Since I joined Miami, I think we’ve been linked with every single top player in world football. From Sergio Ramos, Dani Alves, Robert Lewandowski, Willian, Cesc Fàbregas, Luis Suarez... all of them you can rattle off. "We’re always going to be linked with the best players in the world. We had Gonzalo Higuaín and Blaise Matuidi. Now we’ve got the opportunity to bring in some new designated players [who fall outside the league’s salary cap] following their retirements." Neville has never made any attempt to hide his interest in Messi - he even spoke of the team's efforts to sign him when Miami returned from the offseason to prepare for the 2023 campaign. Speaking on January 9, he said: "We want to bring the best players in the world to this club and he is probably the best player, so for us the landscape has not changed at all."