Paul Merson has shot down Marcus Rashford after the Manchester United forward jumped to the defence of his healing team-mates by stating it was "nonsense" to suggest they 'gave up' in their embarrassing 7-0 defeat at Liverpool. The Red Devils have been faced with fierce criticism ever since the one-sided mauling on Merseyside and on Thursday night United will receive a chance to respond when they host Real Betis in the Europa League at Old Trafford. Rashford took issue with suggestions United threw in the towel when addressing the media on Wednesday as he claimed the team's lack of communication and poor organisation was solely to blame for the horrific showing. "We didn’t give up - that is nonsense,” said United's top goalscorer this season. “We were unorganised and communication was bad. “It comes down to the fact I believe everyone was trying to get back into the game that much, we came away from the principles in and out of possession. “I felt the forwards were trying to press, just the forward unit, and were disconnected from the midfield. We were talking but weren’t in agreement on what to do. The only thing we can do is learn from it and move on.” Don't miss... Roy Keane 'perfect' for Man Utd job as pundit backed for crazy return [LATEST] But Merson does not agree with Rashford's comments, as he believes it's virtually impossible for a team to lose so heavily without giving up once the game cannot be salvaged. Merson told Express Sport: "I heard Marcus Rashford say 'we didn't give up' following Manchester United's 7-0 drubbing at Liverpool. I'm sorry but it's just impossible - you cannot lose that heavily without throwing in the towel. "I don't care what anybody says, the United players undoubtedly had enough. I saw Stefan Bajcetic skip past Bruno Fernandes on the touchline and he just stopped completely. "The United squad haven't all got together in a circle and collectively agreed to call it a day, it's just the way it is." Don't miss... Man Utd 'played with 10 men' against Liverpool due to 'lazy' starlet [REACTION] Man Utd stars 'joked with Liverpool staff' as Keane explodes in anger [PUNDITS] Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful full-time actions [INSIGHT] Merson added: "The worrying thing for Erik ten Hag is what he saw out on the Anfield turf. We are talking about a team that was flying and unbeaten in 12 matches in all competitions. "I know they were papering over the cracks but my word, not that bad. They collapsed like a pack of cards in their biggest game of the season." Ten Hag had branded the performance as "unprofessional" as he seeks to ensure the freak result was more of a blip, as opposed to a more significant wobble. Roy Keane was among those to suggest United gave up during the second half as he noted in the Sky Sports studio after the match, he said: "I never thought United were back to their very best, they've had some good results, but they have been giving teams chances and they've been let them off the hook. "The chances they gave up today, Liverpool didn't let them off the hook and punished them. That's where they deserve credit, they created opportunities, they were clinical, ruthless. They kept going, wanting more goals. "But the senior players - I always look at them. The ones we give a big build-up to, the experienced ones, will be the ones who let the club down today." United return to Premier League action on Sunday when Southampton visit Old Trafford when they will be looking to add fuel to the fire. The Saints are fresh off the back of a 1-0 win over Leicester and there is now increased optimism they have what it takes to beat the drop following the appointment of Ruben Selles. Southampton were previously thrashed 9-0 at Old Trafford in February 2021 under Ralph Hasenhuttl and with United now looking like a wounded animal, they will be wary of their opponents' desire to put things right following their catastrophe at Anfield.