A man kidnapped a woman and threatened to kill her after she stole and sold one of his guns.Vermont State Police said Mack Varnum, 45, and partner Nichole Cloutier, 36, were arrested on charges of attempted first-degree murder, kidnapping and first-degree unlawful restraint. An affidavit made public after an initial court hearing in Caledonia County Superior criminal court suggested Varnum had threatened to kill the woman after she allegedly took his car to go buy drugs. The woman told the police she had also stolen an AR-15 from the man and sold it for "$300 to an out of state drug dealer." The affidavit read: "She states that Varnum was upset about his gun being stolen and she was supposed to get the AR back but that she couldn't' Cloutier pleaded not guilty on the kidnapping, unlawful restraint and aggravated assault charges. JUST IN: Man ‘casually’ shoots homeless man on street in broad daylight After she was treated, the woman said she was picked up on the side of the road and "forcibly restrained and bound." She remained in the truck "while her life was threatened" for several hours as Varnum and Cloudier allegedly drove her around. In a press release, VSP said: "At one point the victim was left alone in the truck, enabling her to break free enough to drive away in the truck and escape. "The victim then drove herself to Bay Street in St. Johnsbury Village." Both Varnum and Cloutier were held without bail until a further hearing is held. Police intervened after a 911 call reported a woman was spotted in a vehicle with her hands and head covered in duct tape on February 23. Once the woman was recovered and treated by paramedics, she said she was picked up on the side of the road and "forcibly restrained and bound." She remained in the truck "while her life was threatened" for several hours as Varnum and Cloudier allegedly drove her around. READ MORE: Downfall of tyrant gang leader who ruled drugs network while living in luxury In a press release, VSP said: "At one point the victim was left alone in the truck, enabling her to break free enough to drive away in the truck and escape. "The victim then drove herself to Bay Street in St. Johnsbury Village." The two suspects were located and arrested at their home on February 24, the day after the attempted kidnapping. In addition to the attempted murder and kidnapping charges, the man is also been charged with first-degree aggravated domestic assault. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews