Dehumidifiers help to keep the overall humidity in homes at an optimal level, ideal when drying laundry indoors faster. They also come in handy for households that struggle with mould as they remove moisture from the air. However, it is important to know how to use them correctly to avoid consuming unnecessary energy and time. Chris Michael, Managing Director of Meaco told Express.co.uk: “Dehumidifiers can be highly effective in helping reduce household energy costs during the cost-of-living crisis. “Dehumidifiers remove moisture from the air, helping dry washing indoors and preventing damp. How and when you use your dehumidifier can affect its energy efficiency.” 1. Positioning According to the expert, positioning the dehumidifier “correctly” will help to save electricity and money on energy bills. Chris warned: “Putting a dehumidifier flush against a wall will mean the appliance has to work extra hard to pull in the air, which is inefficient.” READ MORE: Dehumidifier vs air purifier benefits - one cuts energy bills by £150 The expert claimed that the exception to this is the Meaco Arete dehumidifier range, which is unique and has been designed specifically so it can be pushed up against a wall. It is also important that the dehumidifier is placed close to the root of the main cause of damp or moisture, or if its job is to reduce moisture generally at home, the “best place” to place it is in the hallway, keeping room doors open so it can service the whole area. 2. Optimising functions Utilising features such as a humidistat or laundry mode will help users to be more energy efficient when using their dehumidifier. The expert explained: “A humidistat helps consumers to maintain a suitable level of humidity in the home. The machine will work towards its target setting and when it is reached it will switch itself off. It will then auto-sense the humidity and only switch on again if it detects an increase in humidity. DON'T MISSThree ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [EXPERT]‘Number one reason’ gardeners end up ‘killing’ their tomato plants [TIPS]I removed stubborn tea cup stains in minutes using a kitchen item [COMMENT] “Setting the humidity level correctly is important. If it is too high, the dehumidifier will work harder to remove moisture from the air when it’s not needed.” However, if it is set too low, the dehumidifier will not be running long enough to effectively do its job. The recommended humidity level for a home is 55% RH. Laundry mode on a dehumidifier sees it run for six hours at full speed, which is typically how long is required to dry an average load of wet washing. It will then switch itself off to save electricity. Chris added: “Cleaning a dehumidifier’s air filter regularly will optimise the machine’s efficiency and ensure it can continue to function. An unclean air filter forces the appliance to work harder, increasing energy consumption.” READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ item to ‘instantly’ remove washing machine odours 3. When to use a dehumidifier If on a variable electricity tariff, the expert claimed that running the dehumidifier overnight “when energy is cheaper” will be the “cheapest” time to use them. This is particularly useful when drying and washing indoors. 4. Speeding up laundry drying If households are using a dehumidifier to dry laundry, the best thing to do is to recreate the conditions when drying clothes outside on a washing line, focusing particularly on a warm, dry and airy environment. Chris said: “A cooling fan also can help to make a dehumidifier even more energy efficient. The fan increases airflow and helps force moisture out of the clothes faster. Cooling fans can be very energy efficient, adding little to energy bills." The smaller a space, the smaller the air volume, and the faster a dehumidifier can reduce the humidity in the room. The expert recommended: “If drying laundry, selecting as small a space to do so will enable the dehumidifier to dry washing quicker, improving energy efficiency.” Some households may even consider using a plug-in timer (or Wi-Fi app plug) to try to make the dehumidifier more efficient. However, Chis is against this as he claims that this will “damage the dehumidifier” by forcing a power cut. This means the dehumidifier is not able to shutdown properly. It is also worth being aware that dehumidifiers using Wi-Fi could be “expensive to run” in the long term, as the dehumidifier needs to stay "awake" to watch out for commands from a phone - this “drains” electricity.