Whether power went to Hancock’s head is a matter for the inquiry. He appears to have been more interested in fighting Ministerial turf wars than making logical decisions, and we have all paid the price with catastrophic consequences – not least economically. And these messages have finally exposed the biggest whopper of all. those we were told during the pandemic – that the Government was simply following the science. Clearly it did nothing of the sort. It was obvious then that lockdown restrictions had no scientific basis to them, which is why Esther and I voted against them throughout. Remember the Rule of Six? We asked at the time what the scientific basis was for a Rule of Six rather than a Rule of Five or a Rule of Seven – of course there wasn’t one. Then there was the 10pm curfew – we asked at the time what the scientific basis for that was. Again,we received no answer. We were told face-masks were needed to cut transmission. The recent Cochrane Review has shown that the public wearing of face masks was pointless at best. Now we learn that school closures and forcing pupils to wear masks – both of which were hugely damaging to the education and mental health of children – were introduced so that Hancock could get one over on Gavin Williamson, and because Nicola Sturgeon had introduced these measures in Scotland and the UK Government didn’t want to diverge from their decision, eventhough they knew they weren’t needed. Talk about the tail wagging the dog. We have all seen the catastrophic consequences of the lockdowns and now we see at first hand the abysmal decision-making processes. The lockdowns will go down in history as the most idiotic public policy ever. Whether these revelations leave Hancock’s reputation in tatters even more than when he went into the jungle, only time and the inquiry will tell. New Conservative deputy chairman Lee Anderson has been criticised by the usual suspects in the liberal lefty mainstream media for saying he supports the reintroduction of the death penalty. However, things have changed massively since then. We now have hugely advanced forensic science, more detailed DNA capability and much more CCTV. The chances of a wrongful conviction for murder now are incredibly remote, so given these advances in technology and detection surely the argument for the death penalty gets more, not less, compelling as each year goes by. What makes keeping these killers alive even worse is that our lily-livered criminal justice system lets virtually all of them back out on the streets. Only around 50 people in our prisons are on whole-life tariffs – the rest will almost certainly be freed. Since the death penalty was abolished, around two people a year have been killed by convicted murderers who have been released from prison. These are unnecessary deaths, and the do-gooders who advocate this system have blood on their hands. Indeed, a 10-year-old constituent of mine was abducted and raped by a convicted murderer who had been released. The death penalty would have spared that poor boy a horrific and unimaginable experience. Those against the death penalty argue that they wouldn’t want a wrongful conviction on their conscience. Why do they prefer having what happened to my young constituent on their conscience instead? I certainly don’t. I am with Lee Anderson, and the gnashing of teeth we have seen from the north London media types shows that they have learnt nothing from the Brexit referendum and remain hopelessly out of touch with a huge swathe of public opinion outside of their echo chamber. No music collection is complete without Burt Bacharach’s Greatest Hits. Whether I was putting on my make-up for a night out, nursing a broken heart or just getting ready for work, everything felt better listening to Dionne Warwick singing I Say A Little Prayer or Dusty Springfield singing The Look Of Love. Burt Bacharach was a music legend. He is gone, but his music will live on always, especially in our home.   As you would expect, I am pro-private enterprise and against excessive taxation. However, I have one particular exception to that rule... the banks. It is difficult to overstate how much I despise the banking industry. Unlike most in the private sector, they have no care for their customers, they just want to screw as much money out of them as possible and, as far as banks are concerned, the ends justify the means. They close down branches on the high street – not because they’re struggling and need to cut costs, but simply to bag ever-bigger bonuses. And they close down accounts, especially business accounts that are a bit too complicated or more expensive to service, without a second thought as to how that business will manage without one or if it will even have to close. In his forthcoming budget I’d encourage Jeremy Hunt to tell the banks that unless they implement an immediate ban on branch closures on the high street, and stop closing down accounts of people and businesses who have done nothing wrong, then he will impose a windfall tax on their profits. It goes against the grain for me to suggest it – indeed, it’s against my entire political philosophy – but there is no other language these banks understand. Meghan and Harry have been issued with an eviction notice by Buckingham Palace and been told to hop it from Frogmore House. And why not? The property is standing empty and the couple prefer to be the other side of the pond, and so the decisionto move them on sounds logical to me. It is just a pity that they didn’t think to hand back the keys of the unused property, and needed legal letters to move them on. King Charles is streamlining and modernising the monarchy to cut costs. That should include no Spare empty houses.