NBC viewers shared their delight at the reunion of two characters in the upcoming explosive 200th episode of The Blacklist. A preview clip ahead of season 10's fourth episode shows Red (played by James Spader) back together with fan-favourite Robert Vesco (Stacy Keach). Airing on March 19, the upcoming episode is titled The Hyena and will see Red reunite with his former mentor Vesco. The synopsis for episode four reads: "In the show’s 200th episode, Red attempts to secure a late financier’s fortune locked by a series of challenging clues. "When a deadly assassin pursues the money, the Task Force bands together to protect the endowment’s rightful heirs." A brief teaser for the programme shows the moment Robert tells Red that he's "in" for whatever may be coming in the episode. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks Fans have flocked to social media after seeing the pair together in the preview, gushing over the duo being together again. Twitter user @spader07 wrote: "Omg I love Robert and Raymond together! "Can we please keep this going for longer than just one episode. The most fun episodes have been their adventures. #TheBlacklist #Reddington" They added: "I’m ready for another Robert and Raymond adventure!!! #TheBlacklist" User @DavidABoren28 added: "So is Red trying to enlist Vesco on his team to combat Wuujing? "He’s just a glorified conman. So I’m failing to see the tactical reasoning of it. #TheBlacklist" While @imyourplusone wrote: "Red and Robert together again! #TheBlacklist" Account @Kiss_My_Freckle added: "Red and Vesco are fantastic together. #TheBlacklist" Don't miss... Gary Lineker's 'insulting' Nazi remark ripped apart by Angela Rippon [LATEST] The Blacklist's James Spader shares real reason show's ending [LATEST] The Blacklist’s Reddington issues warning as fan-favourite targeted [LATEST] Also reacting to the news, @mariespaderr commented: "Vesco and Reddington are amazing!! #TheBlackList" Earlier this year, fans were devastated to learn The Blacklist would be coming to an end following the release of season 10. While many eagerly anticipate yet dread the finale, lead star James recently revealed the real reason for the NBC show’s conclusion. James shared: "I think if the show went beyond this year, it would turn into a very different show. "And I think that the thing that has been nice about this show was that we’ve never really had a really clear paradigm for the show." He explained: "Tonally the show shifts a lot from episode to episode, and I think that even the show has taken strange turns. "I suspect that the show, if it went much further, would just become something that would be less recognisable to me," James added to NBC. The Blacklist season 10 continues Sundays on NBC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.