Chelsea owner Todd Boehly has been told now is the "perfect time" to sack Graham Potter and bring in a replacement before the summer transfer window. Potter has had a difficult time of it ever since replacing Thomas Tuchel at Stamford Bridge back in September. The English coach had earned rave reviews for his achievements at Brighton and for helping mould several players into world-class talents. But he's been unable to have similar success at Chelsea so far with the Blues languishing in mid-table. Making the top four now seems out the question for Chelsea as 11 points adrift with just 13 games remaining. There's still a chance the season could be saved with an unlikely Champions League run, although they have to come back from 1-0 down on aggregate against the in-form Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday. Despite Chelsea's woeful form, reports have indicated that Boehly remains fully supportive of his manager. It's claimed that Boehly is willing to give Potter more time due to the sheer amount of changes that have been made on and off the pitch at the club over the past 12 months. But former Fulham and Manchester United star Paul Parker believes the time is now for Chelsea to make a change in the dugout. The 58-year-old is convinced that taking over at Chelsea would be "easy for any manager" right now. "First of all, I have to say that it would be extremely easy for any manager to take over Chelsea now and start from scratch," Paul Parker told bettors. "Because no matter what happens, he will get the rest of this season and a summer transfer window with no pressure on his shoulders. "So, honestly, it would be the perfect timing to sack Graham Potter. A new manager would have nothing to lose and that is a good thing." A host of names have been linked with taking over at Chelsea, including former Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino. Don't miss... Chelsea star Mason Mount urged to snub Liverpool due to two players [LATEST] Chelsea told they've already found their next Thiago Silva [LATEST] Football LIVE - Fernandes escapes FA probe, Man Utd flops speak out [LATEST] But Parker doesn't think the Argentine would be a "good fit" at Stamford Bridge. He added: “I have seen Pochettino being mentioned as a Chelsea target if they were going to sack Potter and that makes absolutely no sense. "He would not be a good fit for Chelsea.” Chelsea did stop their dreadful run at the weekend with a hard-fought 1-0 win over relegation-threatened Leeds. Wesley Fofana popped up with the only goal of the game with his front players once again struggling to find their shooting boots. Kai Havertz and Raheem Sterling are Chelsea's top scorers this season, both with just six goals each. But Sterling has only found the net in the Premier League once since August and only five other players have scored more than once this season. Bournemouth, who sit bottom of the Premier League, have scored the same amount of goals in the English top flight as Chelsea this year.