There are all manner of common issues and noticeable problems which can reduce the value of a house. In advance of receiving a property valuation, looking out for prominent problems should give households ample opportunity to cut them out – and sell the home at an appropriate price point. With over 20 years’ experience in the industry, Daniel Wriggly, bathroom design and installation specialist at leading bathroom manufacturer the Roxor Group, has shared his expert guidance with Express.co.uk. It is amazing how many personal possessions a family can amass over the years, and it can be easy for those possessions to create clutter in a home. Families not only require space to live, but they also require storage space to keep the main areas of the home free from clutter. Daniel argued: “Storage is needed for both busy homes and quiet homes, so it’s important to ensure you have something to hide your toiletries.” In most cases, houses can never have too much storage space, and properties adapted to make the most out of available space will often attract a premium. Fortunately, there are some innovative ways to create storage areas out of limited space. READ MORE: 3 features that ‘significantly’ devalue your house - ‘puts buyers off’ More often than not, improvements to create storage space add to the value of a home. Having a lack of ventilation in a home will lead to damp, which can be a serious problem, and it’s essential to take action to prevent further damage to a property and avoid a devaluation. The property expert said: “Having little to no ventilation could leave your bathroom mouldy, which will then become a sight for sore eyes as well as a potential health risk.” When selling a property and it has damp, it could instantly put people off, so it can lower the value of the house. It may even devalue the property by up to 10 percent, depending on how severe the problem is. Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [TIPS] Monty Don shares gardening job ‘not’ to do in March - leave until June [INSIGHT] ‘Effective’ method to remove ‘stubborn’ oil stains from driveways [EXPERT] Having a high pressure tap on a low pressure system would mean water trickles out. However, having a low pressure tap on a high pressure system would mean water shoots out. Daniel warned: “Neither is good for everyday bathroom use. All our taps state the pressure, so check before purchasing.” For those selling their home cluttering a room, particularly small ones, may be costing households more than they think. READ MORE: Dehumidifier expert shares how to use appliance to lower energy bills The expert noted: “Cramming too much into a small space can make it look even smaller whilst also inconvenient to move around and difficult to clean.” Walking into a cluttered home can create a degree of stress and other negative emotions, which is not what sellers want when trying to convince someone that their home is their future happy home. Not only is clutter unattractive to look at, but it can highlight buyers to a variety of negatives - including that there may be inadequate storage or repairs may be needed that they can't see. An uncluttered home is believed to be more spacious and more attractive to potential buyers. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Doing maintenance jobs cheaply can usually backfire. It’s important for households to know where they should spend money and where they can save money. With most renovation/construction work, people will get what they pay for, and if the finish is poor, it will show. Poor plasterwork or badly-fitted kitchen units because it was a DIY installation will give a potential buyer grounds to try and negotiate a lower sale price. Daniel said: “Poor workmanship means added cost for future instalments when trying to rectify the issues. This could mean future buyer offer lower than asking price when it comes to selling the house.”