Death in Paradise fans adored the DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) era so news of a spin-off featuring him and fiancée Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) was very much welcomed. He is joined by an entirely new team in Shipton Abbott to assist him with the unusual and complicated investigations he is faced with. Among them is DS Esther Williams (Zahra Ahmadi) who is described as "very driven" and "ultra-smart". WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Beyond Paradise.DI Humphrey Goodman's colleague DS Esther Williams is a vital member of the force, having grown up in Shipton Abbott, giving her a special bond with the local community. She fell pregnant at 17 but decided to take a chance and applied for a job working as a Police Constable and slowly but surely, she has worked her way up through the ranks. Esther is now a well-respected member of the force who is also close to her daughter, as she tries to balance her work and home life. She and Humphrey are very different people so don't always see eye to eye but there is a scene which particularly stands out to actress Ahmadi. READ MORE: SNL pays touching tribute to John Head as NBC show airs title card Giving a tease of what's to come, Esther and Humphrey may start to get along better by the sixth and final episode of the series. When speaking to the BBC, Ahmadi spoke of her favourite scene which involved Marshall. She explained: "I enjoyed it all! It’s such an honour to work with Kris, Felicity Montagu and Dylan Llewellyn - they are so talented. "They give so much to their roles and the energy in the room when the four of us are together is the best bar none." Ahmadi continued: "One of my favourite scenes is one Kris and I did together in episode six. "It's quite an emotional scene for various reasons - and it was really nice to do because it was exploring more of the human side of Esther and Humphrey, as opposed to the professional police side." There's still plenty more to come before the comedy-drama reaches this key scene. As Ahmadi takes centre stage in Beyond Paradise, viewers may recognise her from another BBC series. DON'T MISS...'Meghan was not as cool' as Prince Harry in meeting with Rebel Wilson [ROYAL]Best British Airways deals March 2023  [DEAL]Beyond Paradise viewers 'heartbroken' at tribute to Ruth Madoc [REACTION] She was behind the original Shabnam Masood in EastEnders for a year, before making her exit in 2008. Ahmadi was then replaced by Rakhee Thakrar who has since gone on to star in Sex Education, Rules of the Game, Karen Pirie and The Girl Before. Regarding Ahmadi's own career, she featured in Bellamy's People, Count Arthur Strong, Innocent, The Bay and Kate and Koji. Bar Beyond Paradise, her latest role was as Parul in the ITV drama Riches last year. Beyond Paradise will return for episode three on Friday, March 10, on BBC One. Its synopsis reads: "The community of Shipton Abbott is rocked when a beloved painting disappears in a seemingly impossible heist. "Humphrey tries his best to find some common ground with Archie." Beyond Paradise airs every Friday at 8pm on BBC One.