Carlos Alcaraz has explained the “dangerous” element of his game after making a winning return to competition in Indian Wells. The top seed faced Thanasi Kokkinakis, who has already warned that Alcaraz has a shot at overtaking Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal’s Grand Slam records. And the Spaniard has opened up on how he could do it after beating Kokkinakis 6-3 6-3. Alcaraz returned to competition in Indian Wells after getting injured in the recent Rio Open final. The world No 2 needed just 76 minutes to dispatch qualifier Kokkinakis, who knew what he would be up against after tipping Alcaraz to outdo Djokovic and Nadal. “It’s so hard to eclipse what those legends have done in our sports with how many Slams they’ve won, but he’s definitely capable and I think he’s got a shot if he stays healthy for sure,” the world No 94 said before his meeting with Alcaraz. And the 19-year-old has explained how he could fulfil Kokkinakis’ prediction while discussing the “dangerous” aspect of his game. “Well, I would say the pressure that I put in the opponent in every shot, you know,” the seven-time title winner said when asked what the most dangerous weapon was. “Returning, for example, I push the opponent to a limit, trying to go for it in every shot. I would say that's the most dangerous part of my game that I would say the opponents feel that the pressure in every shot.”  Just in Wawrinka shares reasons he refuses to retire after Murray compliments [LATEST] Alcaraz also explained some of his other strengths but thought his best asset was the pressure he put on his opponents. The top seed in Indian Wells added: “You know, I move well. I would say I'm fast and reach every ball, or I try. But, yeah, the pressure I put in every shot to opponent, I would say that.” The 19-year-old is playing just his third tournament of the year after several injury setbacks, as he finally started his season in Argentina last month and won the title. He then reached the final in Rio a week later but tweaked his leg, losing the match and pulling out of the Acapulco Open. Alcaraz’s victory over Kokkinakis marked his first match since, and he explained that he didn’t have a go-to shot to try and test out his ability on the court after an absence. “Well, I'm not looking for any particular shot. You know, all that I'm looking for in every match is to enjoy, yeah, and to play relaxed,” the US Open champion said. Don't miss... Murray shares tale which made rival swear after five-month wait ends [INTERVIEW] Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal boast epic 18-0 records no-one can tie [ANALYSIS] Emma Raducanu provides perfect answer after question about black cats [QUOTES] “I think that's the most important part of my game, to stay relaxed and go for it and not to think about, you know, the mistakes, the points, you know, the rounds. Just, let's say, live the moment, play the match, and go for it. That's the goal in this tournament for me.” The top seed in Indian Wells will now face 31st seed Tallon Griekspoor and says he is fully recovered following his recent setback in Rio. Alcaraz told reporters: “Yeah, I recovered really well. Yeah, it seems today that I move really well. I felt really comfortable playing here. Well, more movement here. So I think I'm ready and totally recovered from the injury.”  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 