Broadband customers are due to be hit with inflation-linked price increases of up to 17.3 percent. Experts are warning that households could pay as much as 3.9 percent above the Retail Price Index (RPI) or Consumer Price Index (CPI). New research from Zen Internet is highlighting that many families are still “in the dark” about this pending increase to broadband prices. Consumers are already having to contend with the wider cost of living crisis resulting from inflation pushing the cost of goods and services up. Some 48 percent of customers are anxious about price hikes and the small print of contracts they have signed up to due to the financial turmoil, according to Zen. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance Polling by the provider has revealed that just over a third are unsure if they are to be dealt with a mid-contract price rise in their broadband contract. Within the survey of 2,000 adults in the UK, 22 percent of respondents shared they are likely to read through their home insurance terms and conditions every time they renew. However, Britons who were surveyed were found to be even less likely to do for their broadband contract at 17 percent. Overall, 28 percent appear to have been unaware of a mid-contract price rise clause in their services contract previously. Some 21 percent admitted that they have received unexpected price increases in their broadband contracts before. Paul Stobart, CEO at Zen Internet, explained: “The independent research shows that many consumers are in the dark about whether their broadband provider has any intention of increasing prices mid-contract. “The truth is that many providers will be introducing price increases to contracted customers that are ahead of CPI. “With CPI running at 9.2 percent that amounts to a substantial additional burden in household budgets. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “Our industry, unfortunately, has a poor reputation for managing customer expectations and being transparent with communications, and introducing price rises mid-contract at a time when everyone is struggling with household bills will not improve matters.” Unlike the majority of broadband providers, Zen Internet is offering some relief to its customers during the cost of living crisis. The broadband provider is letting customers know about its Contract Price Promise which is saving consumers money. This is a pledge by Zen Internet to not raise broadband prices for the length of the contract period, according to Mr Stobart. The CEO urged other broadband providers to take similar action and protect consumers against above-inflation price hikes going forward. He added: “The challenge for our industry is to do the right thing by customers and balance certainty of price for consumers on the one hand with the need to continue to invest in people and technology on the other. “None of us in our industry is immune from the inflationary forces impacting supply chains and wages but we all recognise that customers need as fair a deal as we can offer. “Zen’s response to this challenge for residential customers is the Contract Price Promise – a promise not to increase prices for the length of the contract period.”