Matt Hancock is a disaster magnet. The man's character is steeped in foolish self-belief, a pathetic bumptiousness and, despite every shameful thing that's happened to him, he persists in believing he's special, talented and above reproach.  After he was forced to resign when caught canoodling with his lover in the office at a time when the rest of us were forbidden to hug, it says a lot about his shallowness that his efforts to rebuild his reputation involved showbiz. By appearing on a television reality show, he really thought his performance would be so winning that “ordinary folk” (we plebs, in other words) would forgive his catastrophic fall from grace. Next, he thought writing a book (Pandemic Diaries: The Inside Story Of Britain’s Battle Against Covid) would restore his intellectual and political credentials among his peers, those influential career boosters who really matter to men like Hancock. No doubt believing she couldn’t resist his persuasive charm, he entrusted his private WhatsApp messages to a co-writer, Isabel Oakeshott, a journalist known to be as politically trustworthy as Dominic Cummings. The rest is history. When Hancock resigned as Health Secretary, I wrote here that the old Greek philosophical adage “character is fate” was uniquely appropriate. The late great writer Clive James once said that on TV what matters is not so much what you say as how you come across: the medium is lethal to insincerity.  Ex-Metropolitan Police officer Wayne Couzens was sentenced this week to 19 months in jail on top of his whole life sentence for the kidnap, rape and murder of Sarah Everard. The extra time was for three offences of indecent exposure, committed before the vile crime which took Sarah’s life. These weren’t followed up by police because they weren’t thought serious enough: Who cares? He’s just a flasher. This week we recorded a podcast with Victoria Selman, whose gripping psychological thriller Truly, Darkly, Deeply we’ve chosen for the Spring Selection of our book club with WHSmith. Selman is an expert on serial killers and told us these monsters’ motives are ALWAYS sexual. Even if they don’t rape victims before killing them they masturbate at the scene. Some collect trophies for sexual stimulation afterwards. Their grotesque addiction may start small but it escalates. If police had taken Couzens’ flashing seriously, Sarah could still be alive. Boris's childhood ambition to be world king is giving him delusions of dynasty. He’s already ennobled his brother Jo as Lord Johnson of Marylebone. Now he wants a knighthood for his dad, Stanley. What next? Carrie installed in Frogmore Cottage as Dowager Duchess of Downing Street? Wilf and Romy enrolled at George and Charlotte’s school in Windsor? At least at the Coronation, the only nepotism will be William and Harry glaring daggers. Whatever you think of the monarchy, it’s better than Johnson’s Family Favourites. 