Princess Kate donned a 17-year-old pair of gloves with a sentimental meaning on St David's Day. Kate and Prince William visited the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards for their parade on Wednesday. The princess attended the procession with her husband for the first time since he took over from King Charles as the regiment's Colonel. Kate wore an eye-catching, red Alexander McQueen coat, a colour associated with the Welsh Dragon as well as a black fascinator-style hat paired with a pair of black gloves. Eagle-eyed royal fans spotted that the princess had been seen wearing the same gloves before. That was almost 17 years ago when she attended William's passing out parade at Sandhurst in 2006 where she wore a black and red ensemble. Fan @foundbybojana wrote on Twitter: "The Princess of Wales visited the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards to attend the St David’s Day Parade in Windsor. "As confirmed by the designer Evica Milovanov-Penezic she wore one of their designs. They were first seen on Kate Middleton in 2006." The fashion expert continued: "According to the designer, Kate owns over 10 Evica gloves and purchased them in a small London shop. Kate's gloves were part of the riselle embroidery collection." Another fan @lovefamilywales, quoted by OK! Magazine, said: "Omg love this! She wore red again and barely changed... in fact, she got prettier with time." READ ABOUT SAMANTHA MARKLE BEING TOLD SHE FACES RUIN Fellow Twitter user @EddieFoskew added: "A small detail that tells us so much about who Catherine is. Cherishing the old and bringing the new." On arrival at the parade, William and Kate were greeted by marching bands before the Prince of Wales gave a speech to rank and file soldiers where he said the Welsh Guards' "banter" had helped him get through his own time in the regiment. William told them: "I am both honoured and delighted to be standing here in front of you today as your new Colonel. "At the same time, I'm sorry that my father couldn't be here with us today to say farewell, but I know he would talk of his fierce pride and admiration for you all, and of his own sadness to be moving on from an appointment he held so dear since 1975. DON'T MISS: Harry and Meghan told they are powerless without Royal Family status [REVEALED] Meghan and Harry 'got what they wanted' amid Frogxit eviction [LATEST] Americans brand Harry and Meghan's date night in LA 'a PR stunt' [REPORT] "While they may not have been my easiest or driest days in the Army, my memories with the Welsh Guards Sniper Platoon Salisbury Plain are some of my best. "Another key milestone in my life was also shared with the Welsh Guards, this time in the jungles of Belize as I received my A-level results over the Bowman Radio. "Many of you will know the feeling of being in the jungle; you're incredibly hot, continuously soaking wet and with nowhere to hide from potentially horrendous results, it could have been a really bad day! "Ultimately though, it was the camaraderie, the togetherness, and of course the banter of the Welsh Guards that got me through that period, and it's a time I look back on fondly." He ended the speech with the regiment's motto, Cymru am byth, which is Welsh for Wales forever. The couple then took part in the annual tradition of presenting handmade leeks to officers and soldiers to wear on their chests. Officers and soldiers then distributed them among the ranks. The parade finished with brass bands playing Welsh anthem Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau, followed by God Save The King, before William took the royal salute. William and Kate later sat for an official photo with the Prince of Wales's company before they met families from the regiment as well as members of the 5th Royal Australian regiment who are in the UK helping to trai the Ukrainian army. Thomas Lucas, nine, performed a back flip for Kate as she met families. He said: "It was actually quite nerve-wracking because I didn't really land it but she was impressed." His father, Sergeant Gareth Lucas, said it was "typical" behaviour for his son who is "non-stop." Megan Davis, who travels from Swansea every year to attend the parade, said she was impressed Kate sang the Welsh national anthem in Welsh during the parade. She said: "I was looking to the right and then she was shaking my hand. She was very sweet."