Manchester United could sign a Brazilian prodigy labelled 'the next Luis Suarez' if they opt against permanently recruiting Wout Weghorst this summer. But Erik ten Hag has made it clear that a decision on the Dutch striker's future hasn't yet been settled as he attempts to maintain focus. Weghorst has scored just one goal in 13 starts for United since joining on loan from Burnley in January. But he has helped Ten Hag instil his play style with his relentless pressing ability, often operating as the 'number 10' while Marcus Rashford is the main attacking outlet. Therefore, the 30-year-old's lack of goals shouldn't deceive, and he played a crucial role in Sunday's Carabao Cup final triumph over Newcastle United. On Wednesday, after he contributed to all three of his side's goals in the 3-1 FA Cup win over West Ham United, Ten Hag described Weghorst as the 'best player on the pitch'. However, the Red Devils boss has refused to commit whether Weghorst will become a permanent fixture in his squad beyond the summer. JUST IN: Osimhen hints at Man Utd transfer but his catch may force Kane bid  He said: "I think it's far too quick, far too soon to talk about that. First, we are in this season. That is where the only focus has to be. No distractions for what is coming next season. "We are in this season, and we are in the right position at this moment. This is the position we want to be in because we are competing in three competitions." Whether Weghorst remains at United or not this summer, Ten Hag is expected to target a long-term striker as a priority. And the Old Trafford giants have joined Arsenal and Chelsea in links to Athletico Paranaense starlet Vitor Roque, according to the Mirror. DON'T MISS Van Dijk answers critics as Liverpool ticket debacle speaks volumesArsenal told they already have their own N'Golo Kante in Bukayo SakaKlopp has Liverpool trump card as Luis Diaz set to make 'real impact' The 18-year-old has been touted as 'the next Suarez' after an eye-catching start to his career in South America. Roque was named in the 2022 Copa Libertadores Team of the Team before scoring six goals as Brazil lifted the 2023 South American U20 Championship. He has four years remaining on his Athletico Paranaense contract but has confirmed his future plans to move to Europe. "Yes, of course. I work for this [to play in Europe]," Roque explained. "The competitions I played last year, the Libertadores and the Brasileirao, will help me to be well prepared when I go to Europe. I am very happy to be 18 years old, which now allows me to play abroad." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here