A British ship was deployed on Sunday to shadow Russian ships moving through the English Channel. HMS Portland was sent from Plymouth to track Russian Gorshkov-class guided missile frigate, Admiral Kasatonov, and support tanker, Akademik Pashin. The Russian ships had been operating in the eastern Mediterranean since early last year. The Royal Navy reported that HMS Portland followed Russia's ships as they headed toward the North Sea. They added that they were "watching every move they made as they sailed north through the Bay of Biscay." HMS Portland is accompanied by a Merlin helicopter, equipped with cutting-edge sonars, sensors, and torpedoes for specialist operations. This is helping the British forces to report on the Russians' movements. The ship’s Commanding Officer, Commander Ed Moss-Ward said: “The Royal Navy routinely responds to escort warships in our territorial waters and the adjacent sea areas to ensure compliance with maritime law and to deter malign activity. “Escorting the Russian task group alongside allied partners demonstrates the commitment of the Royal Navy and the NATO alliance to maintaining maritime security which is crucial to our national interests.” This comes after Russian ships passed near the Strait of Gibraltar last Wednesday. NATO warship had to escort them. The threat of Russia has been a big concern for world leaders after Vladimir Putin sent his troops into Ukraine last year. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak announced today that an extra £5billion will be added to Britain’s military budget over the next year two years. He said today: “As the world becomes more volatile and competition between states becomes more intense, the UK must be ready to stand our ground. "We have seen all too clearly in the last year how global crises impact us at home, with Russia’s appalling invasion of Ukraine driving up energy and food prices. “We will fortify our national defences, from economic security to technology supply chains and intelligence expertise, to ensure we are never again vulnerable to the actions of a hostile power.”