Adam Lambert just released a new album, High Drama, where he showed off his impressive range with a batch of cover songs. But he's been covering music for a long time. In fact, this year marks ten years of Queen and Adam Lambert touring and playing music together. While chatting about this incredible milestone, he made a very clear point to the Queen fans who may not have warmed up to him just yet. Lambert spoke to Jackie Brambles on Greatest Hits Radio this week. During the conversation, he pointed out: "There’s always going to be haters. That’s just how it goes and it’s fine - I get being protective of your memory of the band, I totally understand." Despite knowing that he was not instantly loved by Queen fans when he first joined the band, he noted that it kind of spurred him on to do better in the months and years that followed. "I think early on that actually lit a fire in me to prove myself and prove them wrong," Lambert said. However, he noted this came with its own set of drawbacks. He didn't want to become a tribute act for Freddie Mercury. And as a result, he made a vow to keep himself distinctly separate from the original Queen singer. "I was very careful not to imitate Freddie," Lambert continued. "I always felt that would be tacky and disrespectful, and that’s not what [guitarist] Brian [May] and [drummer] Roger [Taylor] would have wanted." With that in mind, Lambert confessed he made sure to really think about the songs in every way he could. Lambert went on: "I did try to consider the spirit with which the songs were originated, so why the song was written, what it was about, and why Freddie approached singing it that way I try to stay true to the intention." As a result, Lambert believes Mercury would have loved that he got involved in the band once he died. From the afterlife, that is. "I hope in whatever afterlife that might exist he’s having a good time and getting a kick out of it," Lambert said. "I always have in the back of my mind when I’m making certain decisions - how to approach a song or what to wear - I’m always like would Freddie get a kick out of this?’" DON'T MISS...Freddie Mercury – The Queen song performed live more than any otherBrian May and Roger Taylor on real reason Queen dropped support actsBrian May ‘mesmerised’ by unearthed Freddie Mercury and Queen footage Lambert added that Brian May and Roger Taylor knew Mercury "did not want to the songs to gather dust". Instead, Mercury "wanted the music to live on". The American singer noted how, while he does feel part of the band, it is more of a "collaboration" between him and Queen. "The songs were written and originated by the band and everyone knows their songs because of their records," he reasoned. "So I look at it as I’m a guest. I get to go on stage and sing these incredible songs. I get to be of service to Brian and Roger so they can perform their songs live and the fans of Queen want to hear these songs played so they need a singer. I’ve tried to approach it with that kind of respect." Lambert finished: "Freddie was one of a kind, there’s no replacing him but what we try to do on stage is really celebrate him and remember him fondly with the audience." Queen's guitarist, May, has been extremely vocal in his support for Lambert over the years. Most recently, he spoke out on his Instagram account to praise the singer for his incredible voice. May wrote: "Here’s our boy! In crackin’ form last night. I swear there isn’t a voice in Christendom to match those amazing pipes! It’s a real privilege to work with … The One and Only … Madam Lambert !!! Bri.” (sic) Listen to Adam Lambert chat to Jackie Brambles on Greatest Hits Radio at greatesthitsradio.co.uk