Martin Roberts, 59, sparked concern earlier today when he broke down in tears during a video on Twitter, while announcing the death of his father Norman. The Homes Under the Hammer star has since admitted he is "struggling", when his BBC co-star sent her condolences his way. Martin's tearful one-minute video has been viewed on Twitter over 150,000 times with fellow Homes Under The Hammer presenter Martel Maxwell making sure to send her support. She commented: "Oh Martin. I'm so sorry. Xx." The TV star admitted in view of his 51,400 followers: "Thanks, darling. I’m struggling." Martin fought back tears in the heartbreaking clip as he expressed his sadness since his father's death. READ MORE: Martin Roberts breaks down in tears as he announces huge family loss The presenter said his grief was a "private thing" but he wanted to share the news in order to have as many people around him as possible. He said: "So I don't know if I should really be posting this video or not but, I guess people deal with things in different ways. "This is a very private thing but I kind of just need to surround myself with as many people as I can who care right now. "My dad died yesterday. He was 90 and he had a great life and he died peacefully, he died at home and he wasn't in pain so that's great, but it doesn't... well it does help but it doesn't help right now." Martin said he felt "alone" and was seeking support from Homes Under the Hammer fans and Twitter users. He added: "The loss of a parent is something we all have to deal with and there's much worse losses I know, the loss of a child and stuff like that. "But right now I feel really alone and horrible. So any words you've got would be appreciated. "I don't even know if I'll post this but... anyway. Thank you for being there anyway." DON'T MISS... Iconic astrologer Mystic Meg has died following a short illness [DEATH] A-list Oscars crowd slammed for 'scripted' response to Will Smith slap [OPINION] Bruce Willis' wife chokes up as she talks his 'horrific' health battle [COMMENT] Martin was inundated with support in the comments as others shared their own processes to get through the grief. SamuelDaIton said: "Martin I am so so sorry for the loss of your father. Mate we all have your back and many of us can relate to the situation including myself. "Even though everyone deals with loss differently it can also unite us to come together for each other." Brokeninsect added: "Oh mate, I'm so sorry. Everyone has their own way of dealing with loss, and there is no perfect way either. "Take each day moment by moment, and allow yourself time to grieve. It will get easier, but never mind that today. Just keep on breathing for now xxx." This comes nearly a year after Martin opened up on his "second chance at life" after his near-death health scare. The BBC presenter was hospitalised in April 2022 with chest pains that he mistook for long Covid, but learned he was suffering from pericardial effusion, which is a build-up of fluid in the structure around the heart. He had to have emergency surgery and has since thanked the incredible medical team without whom he "wouldn't be here".