Nile Wilson remains the favourite to win this year's Dancing On Ice while Siva Kaneswaran looks likely to be booted out. Only five contestants will make it through to the final of the ITV skating competition and it seems Mollie Gallagher will also be leaving. Nile Wilson is now as short as 1-4 (from 1-2) with bookmaker Coral to win Dancing On Ice, now the field for the show is down to just five contestants. Joey Essex is second best at 9-2 to lift the trophy while the Vivienne can be backed at 6-1. Mollie Gallagher is 40-1 to win while Siva Kaneswaran is the outsider of the remaining celebs at 40-1. Coral's John Hill said: "Nile Wilson has been the red-hot favourite to win Dancing On Ice this year from very early in the series. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection "With just five contestants left, the gymnast is the long odds-on favourite to lift the trophy at the end of the final." Earlier this week, Siva explained he would be dedicating this weeks's skate to former The Wanted bandmate Tom Parker. Speaking on Loose Women, he said: "I wanted to do it on Dancing on Ice, I didn't know if I was going to do it but this weekend will be a tribute to Tom. "I'm getting emotional.This weekend is going to be.... going to do Gold Forever for Tom, we're doing Gold Forever but it's Tom's version. "I can't even think straight, I'm just thinking about him and we are going to do a nice dance for him. It has been... I've been very tender this week. "Very emotional but I am going to be celebrating him, honouring his memory and also keeping the conversation going on brain cancer awareness. "This is the first of brain cancer awareness month so, it feels very fitting." Earlier this week, former Dancing On Ice winner James Jordan warned the best skater may not win the series. DON'T MISS...James Jordan warns 'best skater' may not win Dancing On Ice [EXCLUSIVE]Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update [LATEST]Dancing on Ice's Siva Kaneswaren 'emotional' over performance [WATCH] Sharing his tips on how to win the series, he told Express.co.uk: "Just give it 100 percent. "I know they all do. It's a hard question, what advice would you give someone. "I didn't expect to win because at the end of the day it is down to the public and whoever they choose on the night is the right winner." "It is at the end of the day a public vote and it might not necessarily be the best skater," James continued. "It's out of your control a little bit so just enjoy it, have fun. "Don't fall because I fell and had to have shoulder surgery. So be careful on the ice. It's very slippery." James went on to share he would be at the semi-finals on Sunday evening cheering on the remaining contestants. Dancing On Ice airs Sunday on ITV at 6.30pm.