Loose Women panellist Denise Welch joked she had rejected the BBC's Celebrity MasterChef bosses on more than one occasion. She explained she was "useless" in the kitchen and thought participating in a cooking show would be "terrifying". However, she was tempted by the idea of a more family-friendly cooking show. The 64-year-old writer, actress and TV personality knows what it's like to be put under pressure. Her controversial claims on Loose Women have made her a target when it comes to criticism from viewers. Her lengthy acting career has also come with plenty of challenges and hurdles. She has also participated in a number of game shows including Who Wants to be a Millionaire and All Star Mr & Mrs. READ MORE: Prince Harry blasted by royal expert over Princess Lilibet's title However, the one show she would not dream of doing is Celebrity MasterChef and she laid out her reasons. "I’ve been asked to do Celebrity MasterChef. "They keep coming back and I keep saying 'Not in a million years'. I’ve said no 84 times," she told the Daily Star. "I can’t think of anything more terrifying than me doing a cooking show. "It’s terrifying to do something that’s out of your comfort zone. And the whole kitchen area is out of my comfort zone," she explained. However, she did say she could see herself on a celebrity version of the Great British Bake Off. She called the series a "lovely show" and something "the whole family can watch, which is so rare these days". The panellist went on to swoon over Bake Off host Paul Hollywood and his "twinkly" eyes. Don't miss... Denise Welch accuses celebs of betrayal over lack of public support [INSIGHT] Denise Welch says Piers Morgan row is ‘unforgivable’ after 'U-turn' [LATEST] Denise Welch emotional as she announces she's a grandmother  [VIDEO] The mother-of-two became an actress immediately after leaving school, aged 12. She was mostly known for her theatre roles, with her first TV appearance being in the series Barriers in 1981. The star is probably best known for her roles in Byker Grove and Coronation Street, in which she played Natalie Horrocks. She is no stranger to TV competitions, appearing as Petula Clark in ITV's celebrity singing contest Stars in Their Eyes. The actress also participated in Playing the Part, a documentary on BBC One in which she went back to her old secondary school. At Consett Community Sports College, she was tasked with teaching the students there for a week. Although it appears she is willing to try her hand at most things, an intense cooking show like MasterChef is off the cards. Loose Women airs on ITV on weekdays from 12.30pm.