Liverpool may soon have two of the world's largest sporting empires working behind the scenes together to finance bigger and better things on and off the pitch for Jurgen Klopp's side with Liberty Media a 'contender' to buy a minority stake in the club. Earlier this year, Forbes named Liberty Media as the 'World’s Most Valuable Sports Empire' with a value of £17.4billion. Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group were fourth on the list with a net worth reported to be at £8.7bn. For context, Kroenke Sports & Entertainment, who own Arsenal along with NBA side Denver Nuggets and NFL team Los Angeles Rams among other enterprises, are valued at £10.6bn. FSG have made it clear that they're now looking for investors willing to buy a minority stake in the club ahead of a crucial summer transfer window. If Liberty Media end up buying into the club then Liverpool will immediately be regarded as a financial powerhouse. FSG did something similar in March 2021 when RedBird Capital bought 10 per cent of the American company for £533million, which helped fund the Anfield Road Stand development and other ventures. Express Sport takes a look at the dream XI Klopp could have at his disposal if excessive amounts of money are made available to him through FSG's next investment plan.  There's no need for Klopp to worry in the goalkeeping department with Alisson arguably the only Liverpool player able to hold his head up high from this season. Still regarded as one of the best goalkeepers in world football, Alisson won't need replacing anytime soon. Liverpool's defensive unit has been decimated this season through injuries to their centre-backs all year, but Ibrahima Konate and Virgil van Dijk will be the pairing moving forward. Trent Alexander-Arnold is going through a dip in form, but is still seen as one of the world's best full-backs. But it's on the left side of defence Liverpool may see an opportunity to spend money should they have it available. Nuno Mendes was linked with a move to Anfield last summer before he joined Paris Saint-Germain and the Ligue 1 giants are reportedly looking to drastically cut their wage bill this summer and raise funds of their own. DON'T MISS  It's in midfield where big money will need to be spent and it's likely not everything will be done in one window. Jude Bellingham remains the club's top target, but Mason Mount's uncertain future at Chelsea has also prompted strong interest from the Merseyside outfit. But Barcelona star Frenkie de Jong has also emerged as a possible target and if Liverpool have that £26.1bn warchest available then a move likely wouldn't be out of the question. The investment in Liverpool's attack looks already to be finished following Cody Gakpo's arrival from PSV. When everyone is fit, Liverpool have arguably one of the strong attacking units in world football. Mohamed Salah, Darwin Nunez and Luis Diaz are likely to be go-to starters, but Roberto Firmino, Diogo Jota and Gakpo are able deputies.