Feliciano Lopez has admitted that he feels “lucky” to have played in the era of Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal’s peak as he begins to call time on his career. The 41-year-old started his farewell tour in Acapulco and claimed that those born in the Big Three era were fortunate to compete against the best in the game despite Djokovic, Federer and Nadal gatekeeping most of the big titles. Lopez’s 26-year career is drawing to a close as the former world No 12 has started playing his final events, including this week’s Acapulco ATP 500. The Spaniard got his first tour win since 2021 in the opening round where he defeated Christopher Eubanks before falling to Frances Tiafoe. And the seven-time title winner has now praised the Big Three while reflecting on his career, as he claimed that himself and others from his generation should feel grateful to get to play during their peak - even if it meant they often lost. “Those of my generation are lucky,” he told reporters in Mexico. “When I am old, I will be able to say that I was lucky enough to play against Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic. Not everyone can say that.” Lopez had never been able to defeat Federer in his career, losing all 13 of their matches, but had a 4-10 record against compatriot Nadal and one win in 10 meetings with Djokovic. JUST IN: Carlos Alcaraz injury cancels Vegas event even though Nadal replaced   He added: “I feel lucky to have played against the best three in history. They have put tennis at a level that it was not there and that helped us all. It is fair to be grateful to those three teachers.” Lopez has already found his post-playing role as he was named the tournament director of the Madrid Open from 2019 onwards. Despite being in charge of the clay-court Masters event, the former world No 12 has already ruled out the idea of giving himself a wildcard to compete this year as part of his retirement tour. DON'T MISSDjokovic earns easy win over Griekspoor to reach Dubai quarter-finalDjokovic eyes major honour he is yet to win as next goal in GOAT raceRaducanu earns Indian Wells entry boost despite latest illness setback And the two-time former champion at the Queen’s Club has his sights set on retiring at the ATP 500 tournament in London this year, permitting the organisers give him a wildcard. “Acapulco, Barcelona and Mallorca are confirmed. I have asked for a wildcard for Queen’s. If they give it to me, my last tournament will be there,” he told Marca last month. The Spaniard won the tournament in both 2017 and 2019. In 2019, he also lifted the doubles title with Andy Murray in what was the Brit’s first-ever tournament since undergoing a hip resurfacing surgery earlier that year. 