When the little green men started to turn up in Crimea in 2014, the world knew it was too late for Ukraine to even think about reclaiming its peninsula. On February 20, 2014, Russia mobilised its troops close to the region's border and forced its way through, swiftly annexing and occupying it. Those little green men who then made their way across the peninsula wore no badges, but are now thought to have been members of Russian mercenary groups hired by Vladimir Putin to get the job done. They faced little resistance from a relatively small, inexperienced and underprepared Ukrainian Armed Forces. Today, things are different. Ukraine's military has already targeted Crimea, and it hopes to take it back at some point during the war. Yet, Express.co.uk has been told that this may be neither viable nor desirable, for Putin could resort to an attack he has so far refrained from — a nuclear strike. President Volodymyr Zelensky has said on a number of occasions that the war in Ukraine will not end until Crimea is liberated. He first said this as the conflict was turning in Ukraine's favour, in October 2022, just after a string of explosions had hit a Russian airbase on the peninsula. Around this time, too, a fire broke out after an explosion hit the Kerch Bridge, which links the Russian mainland with the peninsula. While it is still unclear who is responsible for the attack, shortly after it happened, the Ukrainian government’s official Twitter page tweeted “sick burn”, while Mykhailo Podolyak, a Ukrainian presidential advisor, said the damage was the “beginning”. The West is currently flooding Ukraine with weapons, including new pledges with tanks, and possibly fighter jets in the months to come. NATO allies now face a dilemma: do they want their weapons used to emancipate territory taken nearly 10 years ago? JUST IN: Ukraine rallies defences in final effort to hold Bakhmut from Russia  Don't miss... MH370 researcher says riddle SOLVED with new information [EXCLUSIVE] Russia claims to have destroyed Ukrainian base used by Britain  [LATEST] Moscow in flames after explosion at major power plant sparks [REPORT] "If it happens and Ukraine does begin liberating Crimea," Pavel Slunkin, a visiting fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations (ECFR), said, "I'm pretty sure that Russia will start blackmailing [Ukraine and the West] with nuclear arms, and I'm pretty sure it will be ready to use it." In mid-February 2023, the Ukrainian army flew drones into Crimea, for what purposes is unknown. Armed forces personnel have used drones in other regions of Ukraine to carry out reconnaissance missions for future strikes. Kyiv's increased activity in and around Crimea is making the West edgy. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken has reportedly voiced concern over Ukraine attempting to take back Crimea. Politico reported that it was a "red line" for Putin, hinting at the extent to which Mr Slunkin's assessment of what might happen is true. He said: "If Ukraine liberates the territories that have been occupied post-February 24, I don't think that nuclear weapons would become any issue. "But if we talk about Crimea, then I would say that this would bring us to the moment that the world passed in 1962 when we had the Cuban Missile crisis," a reference to the nuclear standoff between the US and Soviet Russia. Concerning the West's supply of arms to Ukraine, he said: "This doesn't mean that Ukraine shouldn't receive support from the West. But it is something that the Western allies will think of, and how their reaction should be. “They won't be able to stop the Ukrainian army from liberating some of the territories like Crimea. They can of course try to push it not to do so, but Ukraine would not have to listen. "So they better focus on what their response to Russian blackmail [regarding] nuclear weapons will be. "This is something that could potentially arise if Ukraine is successful in liberating its territories — not only the ones that Russia took last year but also the ones since 2014." Earlier this year, senior Pentagon officials told the House Armed Services Committee that Ukraine would be unable to recapture Crimea immediately. It was echoed by General Mark Milley, the Joint Chiefs chair, who said Ukraine would find it "very, very difficult" to militarily eject Russia from much of the country's Russian-occupied regions, including Crimea. Mr Blinken is believed to have discussed his concerns and the future of the US' security assistance to Ukraine during the Munich Security Conference in February. But it appears the West's hesitancy hasn't in any way quelled Russian fears. This month, its military began building sandbag barricades on tourist beaches on the peninsula, indicating that it expects an assault in the future. Wooden trenches have also been constructed, taking up large areas of beaches once reserved for holiday-seekers. According to the Mirror, one Crimea local said of the newly-built defences: "How does a tourist get to the sea if there are such trenches for 200 km [124 miles]? It's all f****d up. And this is how it is now all over western Crimea."