Prince Harry is "leading a grubby life" following another televised interview, according to a royal biographer. The Duke of Sussex sat down for a Q&A session with physician and trauma expert Dr Gabor Maté in which the doctor diagnosed Prince Harry with ADD and PTSD, among other disorders, right on the spot. Tom Bower, author of Revenge: Meghan, Harry and the War Between the Windsors, found the session during which Harry opened up about his use of drugs, including psychedelics, cocaine and marijuana, "reckless". "I think it was pretty cringemaking actually. It was so self indulgent, anguish, money making and, of course, his promotion that drugs helped him, even the most dangerous drugs, psychedelic drugs, was quite reckless," the royal biographer opined. He said: "I think he is dim, I think he is self interested and I think he is pretty dangerous. But in the end it's all about money." During the Q&A, Prince Harry claimed he got no benefit from taking cocaine but praised psychedelics and marijuana - the latter of which is legal for adults to consume in California. He said cannabis had "really helped" him.  "The first one you mentioned [cocaine], that didn't do anything for me, it was more a social thing. It gave me a sense of belonging and probably also made me feel different to the way I was feeling," Harry said. "Marijuana is different, that actually did really help me." Speaking to GB News, Tom Bower added: "I think what it shows is what a grubby life he is now leading in the sense that he is only interested in promoting himself and, of course, Meghan and getting money out of being a member of the Royal Family. "[He is] not being any way responsible for what he is saying anymore or the damage he is causing to his family and Britain. The damage is, unfortunately, pretty great. Britain's reputation, each time he appears, sinks a little further." Mr Bower added that he believed that the idea the Sussexes should come to Britain for the Coronation was "quite repellent".  READ MORE: Chris Rock slams Meghan Markle's race claim about the Royal Family A spokesperson for Meghan and Harry has confirmed that the Sussexes have received an invitation to the Coronation, however it is still unclear whether the couple will attend. The sit down over the weekend was the most recent in a series of media appearances by the Duke of Sussexes ahead and following the release of his memoir Spare. In the book - which became an instant best seller - the Prince opens up about the loss of his mother, Princess Diana, and levels a series of accusations at the Royal Family. Now royal watchers are waiting to see whether he and his wife Meghan Markle attend King Charles III's Coronation on May 6 later this year. 