Emma Raducanu has been told that she is “missing out” on the social side of her life as a result of her career. Judy Murray discussed the 20-year-old’s trajectory and offered Raducanu an important piece of advice about her team amid her injury struggles. The renowned British tennis coach and mother of Andy and Jamie Murray ruled herself out of working with Raducanu but urged her to add more female voices to her team. Raducanu is currently competing in just her third tournament of the season after suffering multiple setbacks with injuries and illness. The world No 77 turned her ankle in her second match of the year at the ASB Classic which hampered her Australian Open preparations and saw her make the second round. She was then set to return at last week’s ATX Open but had to pull out with tonsillitis and finally returned to the court in Indian Wells despite some injury fears after being seen with strapping on both wrists. Raducanu herself revealed she decided to play her opening match with just 20 minutes to go and ended up winning, and she has now been offered advice from Judy Murray. The mother to former world No 1 Andy - the last British singles player to win a Major before Raducanu’s 2021 US Open triumph - Murray gave her verdict on the No 77’s young career. “I think she is a great young athlete, very smart head. She loves tennis, she reads the game well,” she told Clay. Just in Andy Murray fears lucky streak will end soon after Indian Wells win [LATEST] But the 63-year-old admitted that Raducanu had to sacrifice her social life for her career, adding: “I think when you are young, the schedule might be pretty tough. It’s about ten and a half months of the year travelling. At the age of 20, if your whole team are guys and usually pretty much older guys, I think you miss out on the social side, where most of your friends are probably students, they are learning and partying.” Raducanu peaked at No 10 in the world last year but her ranking took a hit when she failed to defend her US Open title. She has since been ranked around the No 70 to No 80 mark, with an aim to slowly build back up, and Murray believes she is in a good place. “She is a great prospect and I think now that she is kind of setting around the 80 in the world I think that’s a good place to be at her age,” she explained. “Hopefully the spotlight is off her a little bit and she can develop in more peace and quiet, although media may have another ideas.” And despite claiming that Raducanu didn’t need to have a female coach, Britain’s former Billie Jean King Cup captain explained why the country’s top-ranked player could benefit from a female physio following her injury woes. Don't miss... Roger Federer's reaction to Indian Wells loss lauded by Dominic Thiem [FLASHBACK] Jack Sock has gorgeous wife after dating multiple tennis stars [FEATURE] Serena Williams point made as Wilander discusses Swiatek dominance [EXPERT]  Murray continued: “Having friends around, and women in your team if you are female player I think can only be a good thing because women were once girls and therefore they understand all the physical and emotional changes that girls go through.” While there was help on the WTA Tour, the tennis coach thought it would be valuable for Raducanu to have someone in her own team. “The WTA Tour have some lifestyle managers, women who the players can go to speak to in confidence about certain things, which is great, but there’s no substitute from having your own person,” Murray said. “When you have to invest so much in preparing your body physically for the demands of the tour every week, I think it’s useful to have a female trainer or a female physio who actually understands how women’s bodies work. And that’s not anything to do with Emma, that’s just girls in particular.”