Manchester United are reportedly growing confident that they will sign Tottenham star Harry Kane at the end of the season. Erik ten Hag is desperate to sign a forward over the summer, with loanee Wout Weghorst only a short-term fix for their lack of depth in the final third. United were humiliatingly beaten 7-0 by Liverpool over the weekend, in a defeat that crushed all hopes of a historic quadruple at Old Trafford. Goals from Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez and Roberto Firmino secured all three points for the Reds, with serious questions now being asked of United as a result. Players appeared to throw in the towel late on at Anfield, with rash tackles and petty tantrums prompting pundits to offer the Red Devils’ stars a harsh reality check. Though some supporters were quick to point out that, although a disappointing defeat, Ten Hag should not be entirely judged by the loss as the team is still in the heart of a rebuild. Good form has masked the process at the Theatre of Dreams, as well as winning the Carabao Cup, though the former Ajax boss is still desperate to bring in reinforcements of his own and to continue shaking up the dressing room. The Sun report that United are desperate to sign Kane over the summer, and have been ‘encouraged’ by initial talks with his camp. The club are thought to have made contact with the England international through a third party and been met with positive responses. United also reportedly firmly believe that Spurs will lower their asking price below £100million for Kane at the end of the season if they fail to finish in the top four. Missing out on Champions League football is expected to be a key factor in the 29-year-old leaving north London for United, as well as his expiring contract. Kane will be in the final 12 months of his current deal when the summer transfer window arrives and there is yet to be serious extension negotiations. Manchester City were previously keen to sign Kane and for him to be their long-term No 9 at the Etihad Stadium, though the arrival of Erling Haaland over the summer has prompted the club to cool their interest. Tottenham are hopeful that he will stay with them and continue to write himself into the club’s history books, though the forward has already achieved his goal of becoming Spurs’ all-time top scorer and could push to finally get some silverware to his name elsewhere.