German investigative authorities have apparently made a breakthrough in solving the attacks on the Nord Stream pipeline. It comes after a report in the New York Times said US officials suggested a pro-Ukraine group could be to blame. According to German media, there is no evidence of who caused the destruction of the pipelines - but there are traces. They lead to Ukraine. According to Politico, if proven right, the investigation could have repercussions on Germans' support for Ukraine and the country's accession to the EU. They wrote: "If proven true, the news could have repercussions on public support in Germany for the government’s pro-Ukraine stance. It could also complicate Ukraine’s EU accession talks and undermine trust between allies." However, investigators have not yet found any evidence as to who ordered the explosions. On the night of September 26, 2022, three of the four strands of the Nord Stream 1 and 2 pipelines on the bottom of the Baltic Sea were destroyed by explosions. Investigators succeeded in identifying the boat that was allegedly used for the secret operation, according to research led by German media ARD capital studio, the ARD political magazine "Kontraste", the SWR and the "ZEIT". It is said to be a yacht rented from a company based in Poland, apparently owned by two Ukrainians. According to the investigation, the secret operation at sea was carried out by a team of six people. It is said to have been five men and one woman. Accordingly, the group consisted of a captain, two divers, two diving assistants and a doctor, who are said to have transported the explosives to the crime scenes and placed them there.  The nationality of the perpetrators is apparently unclear. The suspects used professionally forged passports, which are said to have been used, among other things, to rent the boat. According to the investigation, the command set sail from Rostock on September 6, 2022. The equipment for the secret operation was previously transported to the port in a delivery truck, it is said. The investigators subsequently managed to locate the boat again the following day in Wieck (Darß) and later on the Danish island of Christiansø northeast of Bornholm. The yacht was then returned to the owner in an uncleaned condition. Investigators found traces of explosives on the table in the cabin. READ MORE: Moscow in flames after explosion at major power plant sparks Further intelligence later indicated that a pro-Ukrainian group could be responsible. Security authorities in Germany, Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands and the USA were involved in the investigation into the destruction of the pipelines. Even if traces lead to Ukraine, the investigators have not yet been able to find out who commissioned the suspected group of perpetrators. In international security circles, it is not ruled out that it could also be a "false flag" operation. This means that traces could also have been deliberately laid that point to Ukraine as the culprit. However, the investigators have apparently found no evidence that confirms such a scenario. Mykhailo Podolyak, an adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky denied his government had any involvement in the attacks. Don't miss... Russian officers 'abandon attack' on key town after suffering losses [LIVE BLOG] Braverman slams Lineker's Nazi Germany migrant plan attack [INSIGHT] SNP leadership hopefuls furiously clash over Scottish independence [VIDEO] He said: "Although I enjoy collecting amusing conspiracy theories about the Ukrainian government, I have to say: Ukraine has nothing to do with the Baltic Sea mishap and has no information about 'pro-Ukraine sabotage groups." The German investigations came after a similar claim made by the New York Times, which said that "intelligence suggests that a pro-Ukrainian group" sabotaged the pipelines. The German prosecutor general's office is declining to comment on the case so far. But a German Government spokesperson told Politico: "A few days ago, Sweden, Denmark and Germany informed the United Nations Security Council that investigations were ongoing and that there was no result yet."