Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani is reportedly in pole position to buy Manchester United from the Glazer family. He is battling INEOS owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe for a full-scale takeover and is said to be ready to provide Erik ten Hag with a war chest to accelerate his rebuild. The Raine Group has confirmed to United's suitors that the process has entered its second stage, which will involve meetings at Old Trafford in the coming weeks. According to RMC Sport, Sheikh Jassim is considered the frontrunner to take control from the Glazers, ending their 18-year tenure at the helm. His indicative offer was reportedly worth around £4billion, rejected by United's unpopular co-chairman Joel and Avram Glazer, the two family members thought to be reluctant to sell. The report claims he will increase his formal proposal to around £5bn, and the structure of the approach is likely to appeal. Sheikh Jassim plans to buy out the Glazers' majority stake, as well as minority shareholders, and remove the club's debt, understood to be worth over £500m. JUST IN: Gary Neville explains Sky Sports MNF absence amid 'cried off' claims  He is claimed to be willing to pay the entire bid in full without needing a loan, which would appeal to the selling party. RMC Sport add that several close to the situation believe there is a desire to complete the sale in two to four months, in other terms, before the end of the season. Through the newly-formed Nine Two Foundation, Sheikh Jassim, a United fan, reportedly wants to make the club the standard bearer of Europe's heavyweights once again. And he is said to appreciate Erik ten Hag, indicating that if there are high-profile exits upon his arrival, the Dutchman certainly wouldn't be one of them. Don't miss... Man Utd's Bruno Fernandes reacts to claims he 'asked to be subbed' [LATEST] Ten Hag in furious Man Utd dressing room rant after Liverpool loss [LATEST] Laura Woods destroys Tottenham fan over 'miserable season' [LATEST] The report goes further by stating he would be willing to support Ten Hag with a 'very big transfer spend'. The idea of recruiting a marquee name in each position is said to be gaining ground in Qatar. It would certainly make a statement. But, of course, regardless of the club's owners, United are expected to be limited by Financial Fair Play this summer and will need to sell to spend. With plenty of deadwood still within his ranks, though, Ten Hag will hope he can take another big step to restore United's prestige status next season amid a largely successful maiden campaign. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here