Endeavour returns to ITV for the second instalment of the final season and the episode sees Morse (played by Shaun Evans) suspect a connection between a woman's disappearance and her past employer. He is once again accompanied by Fred Thursday (Roger Allam) as another missing persons case demands his attention. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the Fred star is. Episode two of the final season is called Uniform and it sees reports flooding in of stolen cars and wanton criminal damage. Meanwhile, the murder of a uniformed officer sees Chief Reginald Bright (Anton Lesser) order all hands on deck. Fans were devastated when they heard the historical drama was coming to an end after nine seasons. Yet Fred star Roger agreed it was the right time to draw the story to a close, admitting he was ready to say goodbye. READ MORE: Endeavour's Fred Thursday to die as fans 'work out' exit As for the actor's age, Roger is 69 years old, having been born in October 1953. The star was born in Bow, London and studied at Christ's Hospital and Manchester University. His father was the rector of St Mary Woolnoth during his childhood. The star's acting career began in 1976 with his first role being in the theatre show Vinegar Tom. His first film role did not come until 1989, when he played Dave in Wilt. He also made his TV debut in that year, starring in both Ending Up and The Fairy Queen. Roger joined the cast of Endeavour back in 2012 and after 11 years, he was ready to say goodbye to Fred Thursday once and for all. He told Radio Times Magazine: "I’ve always been drawn to being able to do strongly contrasting things. DON'T MISS... Endeavour actor Shaun Evans used to date an Irish singerEndeavour season 9 will be the ITV drama's last ever seriesRoger Allam starred opposite his wife and son in Endeavour previsously "When this was first offered and they wanted a commitment of three years, my heart sank and I nearly didn’t do it. "Two years seemed doable in my head. Cleverly, the execs just kept renewing it, one year at a time." Efforts have been made to achieve a sense of finality with the final three films. On filming his last scenes he said: "Those final two scenes between Thursday and Endeavour were wonderful to act with Shaun. And terribly emotional as well. "Because we have been having exchanges in pubs and outside of the car for all of these years. “To realise that these were the last ones had a big impact on us as well and helped in the playing of it. "Because it’s literally true that this is the parting of the ways for both the characters and the actors. "Let’s say it helped access the emotions of the scene." Endeavour airs on Sundays on ITV at 8pm.