The new financial year will begin on April 6 and with it will come a barrage of tax allowance freezes and cuts, making now a pertinent time to look into ways to greater prepare and protect finances. Maximising and utilising this tax year's more generous allowances and exemptions is key for people to better position themselves for the potential challenges ahead. To help, Paul Farrugia, chartered financial planner at Equilibrium Financial Planning shared his five-point checklist to tick off ahead of time. The state pension tends to be the best form of annuity that people can benefit from, but there’s only a matter of weeks left for people to check and fill any gaps they may have in order to benefit from the full rate. Mr Farrugia said: “The maximum benefit is reached after 35 qualifying years built up through employment, self-employment, voluntary contributions and other scenarios, such as periods of looking after young children.” However, if there are gaps in a person’s National Insurance record, this could make them unable to receive the full state pension or miss out on qualifying for some benefits. Mr Farrugia said: “To prevent this and to add to your pension pot, you can fill any gaps from the last six tax years via voluntary contributions.” READ MORE: Top up your pension before April 5 to beat Hunt's tax raids  The cost to pay for a gap via voluntary contributions is £824.20 for Class Three contributions or £163.80 for Class Two contributions (based on 2022/23 rates). Mr Farrugia explained: “The Class that you pay will depend on your employment status and whether you have lived and worked abroad. Each additional qualifying year works out to be an extra £5.29 a week in state pension based on current rates.” However, he noted: “Voluntary contributions will not always increase your state pension so it’s worth checking this with the Pension Service or seeking financial advice ahead of the April 5 deadline.” Although, it must be noted that customers who are unable to pay their voluntary contributions by the April 5 deadline for reasons beyond their control, may have some extra time to do so. According to PA, the Government has said it will consider these payments made after the cut-off. DON'T MISS: ‘Savvy’ Britons could boost state pension by valuable £275 [EXPLAINED]Millions paying more under Jeremy Hunt’s allowance freeze [INSIGHT]Pensions vs ISA - which is best for retirement [ANALYSIS]    The Government still expects Britons to make “every effort” to meet the deadline for voluntary National Insurance contributions, but late payments will be considered on a case-by-case basis. While this may not be at the forefront of minds, parents contributing towards their children’s retirement can reap benefits for both parties. Mr Farrugia said: “These benefits might include enhanced contribution matching by their employer, restored entitlement to Child Benefit and personal allowance, or tax-free childcare.” For those aged between 18 and 40, contributing to a Lifetime ISA can be a great way to save up for a first home or retirement. Contributions of up to £4,000 will receive a 25 percent top-up from the Government (up to £1,000 per year) and the money can be withdrawn tax and penalty-free for a first home or after age 60. As a result, Mr Farrugia said: “Contributing to your children’s Lifetime ISA ahead of the deadline can help them maximise their saving pot.” READ MORE: Bed & ISAs mean 'more than ever' now to beat April tax changes  It could also be worth thinking about anything that can be put aside for grandchildren to help towards future costs such as education or getting married. Mr Farrugia said: “A Junior ISA can provide tax efficient investments on up to £9,000 per year. However, it is worth noting that these are accessible at age 18, so be mindful of how much you want them to receive and when.” The marriage allowance enables people to transfer £1,260 (10 percent) of their personal allowance to their husband, wife or civil partner. Mr Farrugia said: “This means that if you earn under the personal allowance of £12,570, you can pass on 10 percent of your personal allowance to your partner if they are a basic rate taxpayer. “This could save you up to £252 in the current tax year and the claim can be backdated to cover any tax year since 2018/19.” Even if a person is no longer working, they can still contribute to their pension. Mr Farrugisa said: “If you’re under the age of 75, you can contribute £2,880 per tax year and receive £720 tax relief from the Government. In addition, this falls outside the estate for inheritance tax purposes as well.” The threshold at which people start to pay inheritance tax (IHT) is due to be frozen - a move most unwelcomed by many, as the threshold has remained the same since 2009 despite soaring house prices and inflation rates. This means the nil-rate band (inheritance tax-free allowance) will remain at £325,000 until 2028. However, there are ways people can reduce their exposure to the high tax.  According to Mr Farrugia, those who are basic, higher or additional rate taxpayers can make an unlimited number of gifts to charity and apply for gift aid. As a result, he said: “If they have surplus capital ahead of the [April] deadline, they can help a cause they care about and reap the benefits of tax relief relative to the amount gifted. He continued: “Everyone has an annual gifting allowance of £3,000 which is free from inheritance tax. This can also be boosted with any unused allowance for the previous tax year, which could take the amount up to £6,000. “In addition, you can give small gifts of up to £250 per person and a tax-free gift of £5000, £2,500 or £1,000 to a child, grandchild or any other person getting married. These gifts can make a real difference to the wider family, as well as unlock tax savings, so consider using your allowance ahead of the deadline.” 