A new video shot on January 6, 2021 shows Capitol Police officers following the so-called QAnon Shaman as he calmly walks around the building. The video shows bare-chested Jacob Chansley wandering around the corridors of the Capitol with his luxuriantly be-horned fur hat. The new surveillance footage emerged after Speaker of the House Kevin McCarthy granted anchorman Tucker Carlson access to over 40,000 hours of video shot inside and outside the Capitol on the day of the riot. Carlson said: "Virtually every moment of his time inside the Capitol was caught on tape. "The tapes show the Capitol police never stopped Jacob Chansley. They helped him. They acted as his tour guides." In one of the clips, Capitol Police officers can be seen walking Chansley past seven armed colleagues standing just outside the Senate chamber. The QAnon Shaman is walked around several locked entrances to the chamber before officers seemingly help him open one to enter the Senate. JUST IN: Horrifying moment tourists in Mexico for a tummy tuck are 'dragged' into a van by gunmen Chansley was arrested following the Capitol riot and sentenced to almost four years for "obstructing an official proceeding." Speaking after he was jailed, he told Carlson: "The one very serious regret that I have is believing that when we were waved in by police officers that it was acceptable." Capitol Police suggested in a statement that one of the officers had been trying to "de-escalate" tensions because rioters outnumbered him. But Carlson questioned the claim, noting Chansley was unarmed as he walked past seven officers on his way to the Senate chamber. READ MORE: Mother wipes out family in horrific murder-suicide amid eviction battle The Fox News presenter said: "Not one of them even tried to slow him down. "Jacob Chansley became the face of January 6, a dangerous conspiracy theorist dressed in an outlandish costume who led the violent insurrection to overthrow America’s democracy." Carlson, who will air additional footage from the video provided by McCarthy, claimed the video provides evidence to debunk Democrats' claims suggesting the Capitol riot was an "insurrection." Nearly 1,000 people have been charged so far in connection to the riot, including a retired New York Police Department officer who was handed a 10-year sentence for using a metal flagpole to assault an officer. DON'T MISS GOP Rep warns about three 'illegal' Chinese police stations on US soil [LATEST] Tucker Carlson blasts Boris as 'coward' after ex-PM's GOP jibe [VIDEO] Shocking US rebellion gives huge boost to Trump's Presidential hopes [COMMENT] The McCarthy-provided footage has emerged after the Justice Department last week said in a federal court case that Capitol Police officers and Dem lawmakers can sue former President Donald Trump for his role in the January 6 riot. The department said it takes no position on the lawsuits’ claims that the former president’s words incited the attack on the Capitol. But Justice lawyers told the court that a president would not be protected by “absolute immunity” if his words were found to have been an “incitement of imminent private violence.” They said: "As the Nation’s leader and head of state, the President has 'an extraordinary power to speak to his fellow citizens and on their behalf.' "But that traditional function is one of public communication and persuasion, not incitement of imminent private violence.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews