Neighbours living near the home where a mum is suspected of killing her two young children before killing herself say that seeing their toys outside 'tugs on the heartstrings'. The bodies of property company boss Nadja De Jager and her sons Alexander, nine, and Maximus, seven, were discovered at their house on Thursday morning after the police had received a call which raised concerns about the family’s welfare.    The 47-year-old Swedish woman, who is believed to be divorced, and her sons were pronounced dead at the scene in Belvedere, South London. Marion Beazer, 69, who lives opposite, said: “As far as I’m aware they were just a normal family. Seeing the kids' toys out the front tugs on the heartstrings. It’s just dreadful.” Tributes have been left at the scene for the boys and their family. One message read: “To Alex and Maxy’s family. Our deepest sympathies for the loss of your beautiful boys and their mum. We are thinking of you. Love the Mandalias.” Their son, Noah, wrote: “I will miss you in class and when we played games. Bye, love Noah.”    Police have sealed the house off while they investigate what has happened. By the police cordon tape, there are toys still on the driveway of the property and a Mitsubishi pick-up truck was parked with a child’s scooter inside. Pictures from the scene showed a police van and forensics services stationed outside the 1940s terraced house. Detectives say they are not looking for anybody else in connection with the deaths at the three-bedroom terraced house. READ MORE: Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop  No weapon was used and post-mortem examinations will take place to determine the exact causes of their deaths. Detective Inspector Ollie Stride said: “This is a deeply sad case and we are continuing to establish the circumstances that led to this tragic incident.” The Sun reports that neighbours said Ms De Jager had separated some time ago from the boys’ father, Herman De Jager. And videos posted to YouTube show the two brothers playing at home just months before they were found dead alongside their mum.  Don't miss... Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [WATCH] Man freed after spending 18 years in prison despite botched ID [REPORT] Harry and Meghan 'odds on' to attend Coronation, bookies say [ANALYSIS] Footage from June last year shows the pair building a playhouse on wooden decking, which is thought to be at the back of their home. The two boys work to screw the various colourful parts together. In another clip, from April 2021, Max performs a magic trick where he makes his name appear on a tray of water. In two other videos, Alex reads rhyming poems, including one called The Bear. Ms De Jager, who spoke Croatian, Spanish and English, had run her property company with her husband before he stepped down as a director. 