While many people recover from COVID-19 in just a week or two, others take longer. It is thought around two million in the UK have experienced long Covid, leaving them with symptoms that can last weeks, months and even years. Although there is no cure, there are ways to help ease symptoms. Feeling breathless is one symptom of both the initial infection and long Covid, which is also known as post-Covid syndrome. A survey conducted by symptom checker platform Healthily in 2022 found that 48.5 percent of long Covid patients were experiencing respiratory issues such as breathlessness and a cough. Other common complications reported by the 1,000 women in the survey were fatigue, low mood, brain fog and low sex drive. Professor Maureen Baker, from Healthily, commented: “All of these symptoms can be debilitating and affect your daily life especially if you have multiple symptoms, and it can take weeks or months, or sometimes years to recover.” READ MORE: Six signs in your mouth you could be at risk of heart disease - doctor's advice  With this in mind, Healthily shared five techniques you can use at home to ease breathlessness from long Covid. “This can help you to relax and control your breathing,” it says. Do this with the following steps: Healthily adds: “Try to use as little effort as possible and make your breaths slow and smooth.”   It says: “This is useful for activities that might make you breathless, such as climbing the stairs.” The following techniques can help: These include: READ MORE: Warning as mixing popular supplement with certain medications could raise blood clot risk  Healthily explains: “Look for a rectangle shape, such as a door or a window frame. “Then follow the sides of the rectangle with your eyes as you breathe in and out. “You should gradually slow down the speed so that your eyes move around the rectangle, pausing at each corner.” It adds: “Wipe a cold flannel over your nose and upper cheeks.  “Cooling your face around your nose can help to reduce feelings of breathlessness.” Other symptoms of long Covid include: If you think you have long Covid see your GP for advice on easing the symptoms. They might also be able to refer you to an appropriate specialist or clinic. 