Neymar's latest injury setback has further added to the apparent 'curse' surrounding the Paris Saint Germain star's sister's birthday. PSG have confirmed that Neymar will miss the remainder of the season with surgery planned to take place in the coming days on an ankle injury. He was taken off on a stretcher in PSG's match against Lille last month and hasn't played since. There was initially some hope that Neymar would recover from the knock with PSG hoping to keep their Champions League hopes alive against Bayern Munich on Wednesday. But PSG released an update on Neymar's condition on Monday, adding that he will be out of action for up to four months. It read: “Neymar Jr has had several episodes of right ankle instability in recent years. “Following his last sprain contracted on February 20, the medical staff of Paris Saint-Germain recommended a ligament repair operation, in order to avoid a major risk of recurrence. All of the experts consulted confirmed this need. This surgery will be performed in the coming days at ASPETAR Hospital in Doha. “A delay of three to four months is expected before his return to team training.” The news comes just days before Neymar's sister's birthday in what has seemingly been a recurring theme in recent years. Touted as the 'birthday curse', Neymar has regularly missed matches on, or around, his sister Rafaella's birthday on March 11. The Brazilian footballer missed games in and around that date for five consecutive seasons between 2015 and 2019 before the curse appeared to be broken in 2020 when he played for PSG on March 11 in their Champions League clash against Borussia Dortmund. Don't miss... Chelsea could sign four PSG stars from exodus to transform fortunes [LATEST] Lionel Messi risked angering PSG team-mate Kylian Mbappe with vote [LATEST] Man Utd may sign five PSG stars as owners look to 'do away with £194m' [LATEST] However, the 'curse' returned the following year as he missed PSG's 2-1 loss to Nantes on March 14 with a muscle injury. Sergio Ramos even fed into the speculation over Neymar's absence from matches around the date of his sister's birthday when there were rumours about the Brazilian potentially moving to Real Madrid. "I like to play with the best and Neymar is one of them," he said in 2017. "It's easier to come via Paris than direct from Barcelona. "I would sign him without any doubt, he is a different player that makes a difference." He added with a laugh: "What we would have to negotiate is his sister's birthday."