Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have confirmed they have been asked to vacate their British home Frogmore Cottage, which was originally gifted to them by the late Queen Elizabeth. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made major changes to the historic residence when they will still working royals. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle spent around £2.4 million (about $2.8 million) refurbishing Frogmore Cottage in 2019. The money was originally taken from the Sovereign Grant, which is funded by British taxpayers but was repaid in full by Prince Harry after the couple stepped down as senior royals and moved to Califonia. It was reported that the home was initially used for offices and so major renovations such as rewiring, floor replacements, and new water and gas main installations were needed to turn the building into a residential home. At the time, there was some controversy surrounding the cost of the renovations, although it was reported that the Duke and Duchess paid for the “fixtures and fittings” themselves. The home was turned from a ten-bedroom estate to a renovated five-bedroom residence, and now reportedly features special flooring, some grand fireplaces, and an “elaborate Gone With the Wind-style double staircase” according to the magazine Marie Claire. READ MORE: Woman living rent-free and makes £26K a year residing in a 'tiny home' The same publication reported that the 18th-century home has been modernised and is now very high-tech. A source for the magazine at the time said: “Harry loves his gadgets, It’s going to be very cool. They’ll be able to control everything from their smartphones.” The home has also been soundproofed extensively due to the noise coming from planes flying over from Heathrow Airport. It is believed to have cost £50,000 but for paid for by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex themselves. However, one special touch that Meghan Markle added to the home was her very own yoga studio. The Duchess is reportedly a massive fan of yoga as her mother, Doria Ragland, is a yoga instructor in Califonia. The couple also slashed out up to £5,000 on a copper bath. According to friends, who spoke to the Mail on Sunday, the couple chose a free-standing bath for the bedroom, produced by luxury firm William Holland. Major landscaping was also done to the Frogmore garden, which included installing lighting and two orangeries on the grounds. A source told the Mirror: “The Duchess is very involved in the project and wanted the final design to be perfect for them and Archie.” DON'T MISS:Lookalike White House up for sale [INSIGHT]Inside Ivanka Trump's £20 million Florida mansion [REVEAL]Elvis Presley's abandoned childhood home sold for just £35k [REPORT] Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the work being done to Frogmore Cottage at the time, but it was understood that the landscaping project was paid for by the Sussexes themselves. A source told the Daily Mail: “The Duchess has a passion for cooking so it was suggested to include a small plot in the spacious garden where they can grow some of their own produce.” Although the royal home is meant to be impressive, it is apparently “not as luxurious as you’d expect” according to one friend of the royals who visited Frogmore Cottage. The friend spoke with the Daily Mail and said: “It's very tasteful because Meghan has great taste, but it's all very White Company. Clean lines and neutral colours. "It was done on a budget – a big budget, admittedly – but it's not quartz and marble everywhere. There are subway-style tiles in the bathroom and it's comfortable and homely." The Sussexes’ last visit to their UK resistance was at the end of the summer of 2022, when they reportedly celebrated their daughter Liliibet’s first birthday there. The party included a picnic and was when the first public photograph of Lilibet was taken and released to the public. Frogmore cottage also became more popular last year as it was seen in Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s Netflix documentary ‘Harry & Meghan’. In the series, the couple showed themselves enjoying domestic life in the royal home and were filmed sharing a kiss in the kitchen while the Duchess of sitting on a countertop.