Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were the subjects of a debate on Monday's instalment of Good Morning Britain after it was announced King Charles III has given them an olive branch by inviting them to his coronation. They are yet to confirm whether they plan to attend the ceremony. However, royal expert Jack Royston claimed they will be "shoved in a corner" and "sidelined" by the rest of the Royal Family if they go. Good Morning Britain host Susanna Reid asked Jack how Prince Harry and Meghan's attendance at the coronation would "go down" with the rest of the Royal Family and the public. He replied: "I think they are basically going to be shoved in a corner and be sidelined and some members of the Royal Family won't want to look them in the eye. "[Some] won't want to speak to them and will just ignore them." When co-host Richard Madeley asked if he was surprised they had been invited, the expert explained: "No, it is the right thing for the reputation of the monarchy if you are going to look back in 20 or 30 years' time. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' "The monarchy always has to present itself as being above the drama and above the soap opera and too good for revenge basically. "I'm not surprised they got the invite but I think it's quite interesting the comment from Prince Harry and Meghan's office." The statement from their office said the couple were invited by the King's office. Jack added: "Charles didn't ring Harry and say, 'I want you there.'"  The Newsweek reporter added: "I think Harry was hoping he was going to get this apology that he talked about in interviews." Richard interjected to question what people had to apologise to the 38-year-old prince for. Jack said: "I think they are supposed to apologise for not having... For issuing a public statement calling on the media to go easy on Meghan. "I think that is what is at the centre of Harry's case." DON'T MISS...King extends olive branch to Harry and Meghan after Frogmore row [UPDATE]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s Coronation [LATEST]Harry and Meghan ‘won’t dare stay away’ from King Charles’ Coronation [INSIGHT] The pair both agreed that was "never going to happen" and they were "never going to get that apology". "I would imagine certain family members feel they are owed an apology the other way," Jack added. The royal expert said his "gut" feeling was that Harry and Meghan would not attend the coronation. However, he claimed the couple will be losing Frogmore Cottage - their home in Windsor - after the coronation rather than before.  "This does suggest there has been some negotiation directed at them attending," Jack suggested. The Grade II listed home was gifted to the couple as a wedding present by Queen Elizabeth II. A spokesman for the couple said last week they had been asked to vacate the cottage. Good Morning Britain airs on weekdays between 6am and 9am on ITV and ITVX. 