Former Tottenham star Dele Alli dated Pep Guardiola’s daughter Maria two years ago, though their short stint together was far from the sunshine and roses. The rocky relationship had several ups and downs before they stopped dating in October 2021. Alli is currently out on loan at Besiktas after a spree of underwhelming seasons in the Premier League. The playmaker was ruled surplus to requirements at Spurs last year due to continuous poor form, with Everton taking a chance on the once-adored star. Frank Lampard was confident that he could get Alli’s career back on track, though the ex-Toffees boss underestimated what a tough task that would be. It was then decided at Goodison Park that they would attempt to cut their losses on the England international by offloading him to Besiktas on loan. The midfielder has endured a shaky few years, and many may question how his career would have panned out if he got his head down and focused on his football entirely. Alli has been at the heart of several love stories off the pitch lately, with his relationship with Maria Guardiola the most notable. Express Sport takes a look at their time together… Alli dumped due to 'Fortnite obsession' After a five-year relationship, having got together before Euro 2016, Alli became single in the March of 2021 after being dumped by model girlfriend Ruby Mae. The pair separated after a series of major arguments, with The Sun reporting that the midfielder’s obsession with playing the video game ‘Fortnite’ also becoming an issue. First kiss snapped With rumours circulating that Alli was dating Maria, the pair were spotted kissing on a rooftop bar in London. The newfound couple were snapped sharing a kiss at the Cloud 9 bar just two months after splitting from Ruby Mae, with friends also present in a big group booking. It was insisted at the time that Alli and Maria were ‘just friends’. London date spotted After five months of speculation, Alli was spotted with Maria again in October, with the couple spotted leaving a restaurant in London. The pair were thought to have enjoyed a lunchtime date together and were not officially together at the time, though everything was moving in the right direction. Alli pursues Made in Chelsea star Everything went south later that month after images were leaked of Alli enjoying a date with Made In Chelsea star Nicole Berry. The midfielder is said to have pushed for the date on several occasions before the TV star caved into his request. Nicole opted not to continue dating Alli – despite denying they ever dated – due to how she believed it would interfere with her career on television. Maria and Alli are believed to have stopped dating around this time too. New girlfriend arrives on the scene Alli is now in a relationship with model girlfriend Cindy Kimberly, with the couple regularly sharing pictures of themselves sight-seeing in Istanbul. The pair went public with their relationship in 2021 and have been together since, with it later emerging that Cindy was actually the first crush of popstar Justin Bieber.