Mercedes boss Toto Wolff admits he wants to see the Aston Martin share price skyrocket after Fernando Alonso secured a shock third-place finish at Sunday’s Bahrain Grand Prix. Alonso left Alpine to join Aston Martin ahead of the new season after Sebastian Vettel had announced his retirement from F1. Aston Martin finished seventh in the Constructors’ Championship last year after Vettel and his team-mate Lance Stroll picked up 55 points between them over the course of the season. But it appears they will be among the teams at the front of the grid this year following the car’s outstanding performance in Bahrain. Alonso finished behind Red Bull duo Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez on the podium, while Stroll ended the race in sixth place. And Wolff told Austrian publication OE24: “They did a really good job - they hired a Red Bull man who managed to make the car suddenly two seconds faster. “A year ago they were 17th and 19th in practice. We knew that Alonso was strong and motivated, but even Lance Stroll rode up front with two broken hands and a broken toe. That proves how good the car is. I've never seen such a jump in Formula One.”   Read more... Toto Wolff backs up George Russell over Christian Horner [INTERVIEW] Mercedes dominated F1 for eight seasons between 2014 and 2021 as they landed the Constructors’ Championship every year. But after losing their mantle to Red Bull, the Silver Arrows now have a new rival in the form of Aston Martin, even though they supply the team with their power units. Mercedes have also bought a 20 per cent stake in Aston Martin. And after being asked if Aston Martin’s performance comforts him economically, Wolff replied: “I hope the share price goes up.”    Don't miss... Lewis Hamilton tells Mercedes to 'own up' after they ignored him [LATEST] F1 LIVE: Hamilton hangs Mercedes engineers out to dry [LIVE] Mercedes mocked as Ted Kravitz asks cockroach to help Toto Wolff [LATEST] “It's the perfect start for this project,” Alonso said after the Bahrain Grand Prix. “We didn't expect to be that competitive. The aim in 2023 was to be in the mix in the midfield, maybe leading the midfield and getting close to the top three teams eventually. Even a podium was maybe even not on the radar in 2023, and we've found ourselves with the second-best car in Bahrain over the whole weekend. “It's a bit of a surprise, but we are extremely happy with the job done at Silverstone in the factory, so let's enjoy this moment and build from here. I had the same feeling from testing that it was too good to be true and you're always expecting there will be something will give you a step back and you will get back to reality - but the performance seems real.” 