 Chris Rock's newest Netflix special, aptly titled Selective Outrage, has seen the comedian addressing the highly controversial Oscars slap for the first time, with some daring claims. However, Smith family insiders claim that Chris has had an “obsession” with Jada for over three decades and claim where his special was filmed is perfect proof.   The 58-year-old broke his silence over the dramatic incident last March in a live Netflix special where he claimed Jada had originally started a feud between them in 2016. Fans have slammed the comedian’s comments, noting that Jada had nothing to do with her husband’s actions at the Academy Awards. Now, insiders close to the Set It Off actress claim Chris has had a growing obsession with Jada for decades. Speaking to People, the sources said: “ Chris is obsessed with her and that's been going on for almost 30 years. READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson hits back after farm shop produce said to be much pricier than supermarket  “Look where he chose to film his Netflix special. Her hometown [of Baltimore]. Obsessed.” In his Netflix special, Chris claimed that shortly before his second stint as Academy Awards host in 2016, Jada requested that he give up the position. The 2016 Oscars was notoriously boycotted by a long line of stars due to its lacking diversity of nominees and Hollywood A-lister Will was left with no nominations after starring in the 2015 drama Concussion. Chris now claims that Jada “said I should quit the Oscars” because Will hadn’t been nominated, quickly quipping: “And then he gives me a f***ing concussion.”  The source told People that Jada “never asked Chris to not host” and highlighted a Facebook post the actress shared at the time claiming the comedian “is perfect for the job”. They continued: “Back in 2016 she helped start a movement with the Academy Awards by questioning why there are so few Black members, and Chris took it to this?” Chris did ultimately host the 2016 Academy Awards, and joked about Jada in his opening monologue as he questioned her boycotting the awards, which he dubbed “the White People’s Choice Awards”. The comedian said on stage: “Isn’t she on a TV show? Jada boycotting the Oscars is like me boycotting Rihanna’s panties: I wasn’t invited.” Don't miss... Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [LATEST] Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [LATEST] Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST]  In his new special, Chris claimed this joke was a reaction to Jada’s request that he ditch hosting the awards, saying: “That’s how it is – she starts it, I finish it, OK? That's what the f*** happened. “Nobody's picking on her. She started this s***." During the 2022 ceremony, comedian Chris joked about Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair, or lack thereof due to the medical condition alopecia. An outraged Will furiously headed to the stage and slapped Chris in the face, shocking fans, viewers and attendees alike, before heading back to his seat and yelling: “Keep my wife’s name out of your f***** mouth."  Later that night, Will walked up to the stage once again but under far different circumstances as he accepted the Oscar award for Best Actor, surpassing the likes of Benedict Cumberbatch, Andrew Garfield and Denzel Washington. The emotional actor shed tears on stage as he gave his acceptance speech, adding: “I want to apologise to the Academy, to all my fellow nominees. Hoping the Academy invites me back.” Will has since issued a formal apology, resigned from the Academy and will not be allowed to attend the 2023 ceremony as he has been banned from the Academy Awards until 2033. Express.co.uk has contacted Chris Rock and Jada Pinkett Smith’s representatives for comment.