To ensure the best possible plants when growing them from seeds there are a few certain conditions needed for the seeds to germinate. The method and timing are vital for gardeners to achieve success, and done incorrectly can have a negative impact on the seedlings’ growth. To avoid this, Tatyana Zhuk, plant expert at NatureID, has shared several mistakes to avoid and how gardeners can go about doing this. She said: “Spring is the perfect time to start growing seeds indoors. Once your tiny seed transforms into a strong seedling, it’ll be ready to get transplanted to the garden. “But growing seedlings at home can be challenging, especially for novice gardeners. Keep in mind the most common mistakes to avoid when growing seeds indoors.” One of the biggest mistakes comes from when gardeners add their seeds to the soil as different seeds require to be sown at different depths, depending on how they spread. The expert said: “Germination conditions vary as some seeds need more light, while others require complete darkness.” READ MORE: ‘Most reliable’ tomatoes to grow for ‘heavy delicious crops’ Tatyana explained that usually gardeners can find the necessary information on the back of the packaging. However, if there is no advice, she said: “Follow this rule of thumb and plant your seed two times as deep as it’s wide. “If your seed needs light for germination, gently press it into the top layer of soil. Make sure it’s exposed to sunlight and isn’t completely covered with your growing medium to avoid them being killed.” In order for seeds to germinate they need to be kept between certain temperatures, according to Tatyana. DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ [EXPERT]Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p [COMMENT] She explained: “Most seeds germinate in the temperature range between 65 and 75°F (18 and 23°C).” If the area gardeners are keeping their sown seeds is not at this temperature, she suggested placing special mats under the tray to keep the seeds warm. The plant pro added: “Once your seed transforms into a seedling, it’ll tolerate minor temperature changes and will not be killed.” It can often be tempted to sow use as many seeds as possible for an abundance of crops, however, this could lead to crowded plants that not only discourage growth, but encourage pests and diseases too. READ MORE: ‘Biggest mistake’ to avoid when planting tomatoes - ‘largest killer’ The expert advised: “Be honest with yourself and carefully decide how many seeds you can realistically nurture into adulthood. It’s better to grow just a few healthy seedlings than to lose a colony of seeds." Once gardeners experience the excitement of those first tiny stems sprouting up from the soil, it can be easy for them to get ahead of themselves and want to rush them outdoors. However, this needs to be a gradual process. Tatyana explained: “If you think that your seedlings are ready to conquer the world as soon as they emerge, that’s not true. Plants require a transitioning period of hardening that will prepare them for the outside world. “The process is simple. You need to gradually expose your seedlings to different forces of nature. Place them outside for an hour. Day by day, you can increase the amount of this outdoor ‘play-time’. Do this for about 10 days.” Gardeners shouldn’t be too harsh on their plants. If it’s raining outside, for example, it’s wiser to skip a day or two of hardening. Labelling is an important step when growing seeds as it’s common for gardeners to forget what they have sown. This is vital as different varieties of plants require different care needs in order to grow healthy and strong. The plant guru instructed: “Write your plant’s name and the date of sowing on a plastic stick and put it in the soil. This way, you won’t mistake a tomato for a cucumber, or a rose for an oleander.”