The exterior of a house is what people will notice first so it is important to focus on this area, rather than just on rooms in a house like the kitchen or bathroom. First impressions count as it sets the tone for the rest of that house. Thomas Goodman, property expert at myjobquote.co.uk shared several features outside homes that make them appear “cheap” and how to go about changing them. When Britons come to their home every day, they may not even take any notice of the state of their roof - even if there are some problems with it. Thomas said: “It’s something that many homeowners overlook. However, when other people are looking at your property, an old or shabby-looking roof could be a big turn off. “The roof covers the full upper area of the house, so it’s a very dominant feature on a property. You can improve the appearance of your roof by having it cleaned, replacing broken roof tiles, or getting a brand new roof. A brand new roof will have the biggest impact.” However, simply improving the appearance of the existing tiles can make a “huge difference”, according to the pro, in the way the house looks overall. READ MORE: ‘Biggest mistakes’ to avoid that make homes look cheap and undesirable The windows are commonly referred to as the eyes of the house, so by updating the windows, households can completely change the entire personality of their property. The expert advised: “You can fit new windows of the same size or you can choose to alter the size and shape of the windows to give your house a completely new appearance. “New windows always look great on a house. So if you’re looking to prevent your house from looking cheap, consider installing some new windows.” One important thing to keep in mind when fitting new windows is that they should fit in with the overall design of a home, otherwise households could risk making their home look “even more cheap”. For example, for those who have a traditional style of home, they should choose traditional windows that will fit in well with the styling of the rest of their home. DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]5 ‘most common’ seed sowing mistakes to avoid seedlings being ‘killed’ [EXPERT]‘Best solution’ to remove stubborn limescale from your shower door [COMMENT] One particular exterior feature that people will notice first when they walk up to a house is the front door. Thomas highlighted: “This feature can make all the difference in making your home look more expensive. Whether you fit a completely new front door or you choose to paint your old front door, updating the front door is a sure-fire way to ensure your home doesn’t look cheap.” “Updating the front door is a very quick and easy way for you to improve the appearance of your home and most of the time, this can be done as a DIY project. With many different types and styles of front door to choose from, you should easily be able to find a door that suits the theme of your home and suits your personal taste. Although designers like to encourage homeowners to be creative and show off their personalities in their home decor, there are certain circumstances where this can result in a home “looking cheap”. Thomas said: “Bright colours for the front door can often be a big turn off to people coming to view your home. Some examples of colours that you should steer clear of are bright pink, bright yellow, and orange. READ MORE: Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ “Certain colours could even have some damaging effects to the value of your home. Instead, we would advise you to choose more common, neutral colours for the front door. Be sure to choose a door colour that fits in well with the overall style of your property.” If the driveway leading up to a home is old, broken, or particularly dirty, this too could make a home look cheap, according to the expert. For those who want to improve the appearance of their driveway, Thomas suggested they start by cleaning the driveway and filling in any cracks. He said: “Pressure washing the driveway is one of the best ways to clean it. If your driveway is particularly old or ugly, it may be time for you to think about getting a new driveway.” A new driveway can completely change the appearance of a property, but be sure to choose a driveway that ties in well with the design of the rest of the home. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea If the front garden has become overgrown or if parts of the garden are dead, this can “very quickly make your home look cheap”, warned Thomas. Regardless of how beautiful a property is, if the garden isn’t up to scratch, it’s going to have an effect on people’s overall opinion of a home. The expert said: “It’s important to ensure that your home’s garden fits in well with the style of our property if you want it to look expensive. For example, if your home’s exterior is quite traditional, you will want to choose classic plants and opt for formal pruning if you can. This will allow your home to have a lot of character from the outside. “If your home is a contemporary style, go for a more minimalistic approach to create an inviting entrance to your property. If you have a front lawn, be sure to keep this looking neat and tidy. Outdoor lights can help to improve the appearance of the front lawn at night.”