Lionel Messi may have played his final Champions League game and Cristiano Ronaldo will likely be delighted. Ronaldo's European exploits may be over after signing a two-and-a-half-year contract with Al Nassr, but his legacy could be secure after Paris Saint-Germain's latest exit. Bayern Munich defeated PSG 2-0 on Wednesday, sealing a 3-0 aggregate victory to progress into the Champions League quarter-finals. Messi, Kylian Mbappe, and co couldn't break down Julian Nagelsmann's complete side in either leg, resulting in more European disappointment. PSG have crashed out in the last-16 five times in the last seven years as the biggest prize in club football continues to evade them. That's despite boasting an embarrassment of riches provided by their Qatari ownership and the subsequent all-star squad at several managers' disposal. Messi, out of contract at the Parc des Princes this summer, holds a greater Champions League legacy than the club itself. But he may have featured in his final game in the competition if he doesn't extend his contract with the Ligue 1 giants beyond July. Read more... Declan Rice to Arsenal 'very realistic' as Gunners ready to go big [TRANSFERS] Messi was strongly linked with a summer transfer to MLS outfit Inter Miami, helmed by former PSG superstar David Beckham. Speculation died down after his World Cup heroics, guiding Argentina to a third crown in Qatar as the Player of the Tournament. But after entering the final four months of his PSG contract, doubts over his future in Europe are growing, with Inter Miami's interest still rife. If Wednesday's clash at the Allianz Arena was the final time he steps on the pitch in the continent's premier competition, a certain 38-year-old could be wearing a wide grin in the Middle East. Ronaldo has taken a significant step closer to ending his career as the Champions League's all-time top goalscorer. Don't miss... Rio Ferdinand rates Chelsea's chances of winning Champions League [INSIGHT] Chelsea boss Graham Potter has two new signings after Dortmund win [REPORT] Thiago Silva rages at Bellingham as Chelsea star's outburst caught [NEWS] Ronaldo has scored 140 career goals in the Champions League throughout his illustrious career, representing Manchester United, Real Madrid and Juventus. Messi narrowly trails him on 129 goals, scored for Barcelona and PSG, and many would back him to surpass him if he remains in Europe beyond this season. But if he leaves for the MLS this summer, it could spell the end for his hopes of eclipsing one of Ronaldo's greatest achievements and earning more bragging rights after his World Cup success. Messi is 35, three years younger than his Portuguese rival, though, so a summer switch to the MLS may not necessarily mean the end... Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here