King Charles has declared "all out war" on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle by evicting them from Frogmore Cottage, according to a royal commentator. On Wednesday it was confirmed that Harry and Meghan had been ousted from their UK home, which they had held onto even after stepping down as working royals and moving to California. The King reportedly asked the Duke and Duchess in January, not long after the publication of Harry's controversial memoir Spare. While the Firm have so far refused to comment on allegations made in the book, Charles's eviction move has been described as "taking uncompromising action against his loose-lipped son and his wife Meghan". Daniela Elser wrote for the New Zealand Herald: "This is a stunning move on the King’s part, one that has taken every royal watcher, journalist, commentator, editor and occasional social media back seat mudslinger by total surprise. "Not only had the Sussexes repaid the £2million (NZ$4 million) plus in Sovereign Grant money spent renovating the property and only last year renewed their lease, but this is hard line axing given that only six months ago His Majesty used his first address to ‘express his love’ for them."  She also noted that following the announcement Meghan was photographed for the first time in public in three months, going out to a private members club in West Hollywood. Ms Elser added: "Whether co-ordinated or just a happy accident, the Harry and Meghan in these shots do not appear cowed or red-faced. "Rather, it looks much more like that they are signalling that they have no intention of taking this humiliation from Charles lying down on their 1000-thread count Egyptian cotton sheets." READ MORE: Poor Prince Harry being evicted (said precisely no-one this week) The relationship between the Sussexes and the rest of the Firm has been strained since they stepped down as working royals, however the last three months have seen the rift worsen. Harry and Meghan's tell-all Netflix documentary series last December, followed by the publication of Spare in January, have seen the couple land severe blows on the family, with Charles, Queen Consort Camilla and Prince William taking the worst hits. In his book Harry claims his father was a weak parent, his stepmother leaked stories about him to the press and his older brother physically attacked him during an argument in 2019. DON'T MISS:Queen's funeral cost London Fire Brigade £1million in taxpayers cash [LATEST]King's Frogmore Cottage decision tipped by author to satisfy Britons [REVEAL]The life of Roderick Maclean, the man who tried to kill Queen Victoria [INSIGHT] Given the loss of Frogmore, it now seems even less likely that Harry and Meghan will make many trips back to the UK. According to The Telegraph, the Frogmore decision is "indicative of the current state of the relationship between the two sides of the family". A source told the publication: "If anyone was going to try and pretend things were rosy, this somewhat blows the cover." Harry and Meghan have reportedly been given until after the Coronation in May to vacate the property.  