Liverpool are the best club for Mason Mount to join if he leaves Chelsea, claims Gabriel Agbonlahor. Manchester United have also been linked with the England star but the pundit says he wouldn't get into Erik ten Hag's side. Mount is out of contract at Chelsea at the end of next season. He has rejected all offers of renewal so far and wants his salary to be in line with the top earners at Stamford Bridge. Liverpool have been joined by United in being interested in signing Mount. However, Agbonlahor believes the Red Devils already have three players who can play in his position. The ex-Aston Villa captain can see a space for Mount at Anfield. He reckons the 24-year-old can play a similar role to former Liverpool star Georginio Wijnaldum, who was key to their Champions League and Premier League triumphs under Jurgen Klopp. Asked if United would be a good option for Mount, Agbonlahor told Football Insider: "I don’t think so at all. I keep hearing this – Mason Mount to Man United.  Read more... Graham Potter has new Chelsea hero as Leicester escape two red cards [OPINION] "The only club that could do with him, and could get him, is Liverpool – he could fit into that Wijnaldum role. They need a couple of quality midfielders because they are working with a blank canvas. You can put him next to Jude Bellingham. But Man United don’t need him at all. "They’ve got [Christian] Eriksen, [Bruno] Fernandes – even [Jadon] Sancho to play a similar role. All three are better than Mount, there’s no doubt about it." Mount has been struggling with an abdominal injury of late and was again absent for the 3-1 win at Leicester on Saturday. Ahead of the game, Blues boss Graham Potter insisted a decision on his future must be made by the player and the club.  Don't miss... Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [REPORT] Lineker shrugs off BBC criticism as MOTD host seen joking at Leicester [PICS] Alex Scott refuses to present forces BBC to 'cancel' Football Focus [LATEST] Potter said: "Ultimately it is between the club and Mason. I have spoken to him numerous times about his situation, football and life generally. "My feelings for Mason are clear. He is a fantastic person firstly but sometimes these things happen. "They are just complicated and it is best that I speak little about it, let them get on with it in deciding what is right for both parties. I am not naive. "I know it is an important time for him and an important contract. These things have to be right for him and his family. It’s important he makes a decision on that basis."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here