While clotting is good for healing wounds more quickly and helps prevent blood loss, it can make it difficult to remove from fabrics as it binds to the fibres. Whether it’s from a cut or a nosebleed, when removing blood from clothing, bedding, carpet or upholstery, you should act fast. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation and lifestyle influencer Mrs Hinch have shared their simple methods for removing blood stains from sheets. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, has more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram. Her fans and followers have even created their own social media groups where they share their own cleaning tips and tricks for common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Sarah Smith posted: “What’s the best thing to get blood out of sheet?” READ MORE: ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert The post was inundated with responses but the most suggested solution was to use cold water either with soap, washing up liquid or salt. Vanessa Weston said: “Salt and cold water.” Jaqueline Lant agreed and wrote: “Salt and cold water. Soak overnight.” Stacey Colville suggested: “I use cold water and scrub it with Fairy Liquid. Works a charm every time.” Sandra Savill replied: “Cold water and soap.” Don't miss... Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [LATEST] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ tip to get rid of washing machine mould [ANALYSIS] Blood contains proteins so when it’s exposed to hot water the proteins clump together which is when water stops being effective at banishing blood stains. This is why cold water should always be used when removing blood from the laundry. However, be careful not to use too much water as this could cause the stain to spread. Most people will be able to access cold water in their homes. For those who don’t have salt and washing up liquid, it can be bought online or from local supermarkets. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ item to ‘instantly’ remove washing machine odours Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Asda Table Salt costs 65p, Sainsbury's Table Salt Bottle also costs 65p and Morrisons Table Salt can also be purchased for 65p. Essential Table Salt costs 70p from Waitrose and Saxa Table Salt costs £1.70 from Ocado. Sainsbury's Washing Up Liquid costs 50p, Morning Fresh Original Washing Up Liquid costs 95p from Savers and JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda costs 37p. Other suggestions for removing blood stains included using milk, Elbow Grease spray, soda crystals and warm water. Katherine Stanley replied: “You soak the sheet in milk overnight then wash in cold water as normal. Milk will even get dried blood out.” Shannon Demi said: “Salt and warm or cool water.” Caroline Hicks wrote: “Spray with Elbow Grease and then wash as normal.” Margaret Chapman suggested: “Elbow Grease spray works wonders.” Lynnette Kuc posted: “A handful of soda crystals in the washer.” Linda Cook replied: “Soak in soda crystals.” Karen Gaylard Patten commented: “Elbow Grease spray gets rid of my husband's nosebleeds.”