Kalondia Casey is a professional make-up artist who uses her skills to help mature women in order to “help them feel beautiful each and every day.” Recently, Kalondia has gone viral on her TikTok account @kalondiacasey where she has amassed over 6 million views with her “top tips” video on how to use make-up that will make you look younger. Kalondia showcased the makeup looks on two sides of her face. On her right side, she showed the common makeup mistakes women do that can age them and on the other left side, she showed what women should be doing instead. The make-up professional had advice for how to apply your eye-shadow and said it was important not to apply it in a downward motion as it can age you. Instead, when applying eyeshadow, Kalondia said: “You always want to go up or to the side. That’s what keeps us looking young as we start the ageing process.” She added: “With that darker eye shadow colour when you go right into that crease, it closes off your eyes and makes you look so much older. Instead, go in a sideways ‘V’ on the outside corner [of your eye] and you are going to look so much younger.” READ MORE: Age-defying 72-year-old shares her ‘strange’ tea  While using a blender brush for eyeshadow, Kalondia added that it was important to begin blending “on the outside edge” of the eye, as this method will also help give a more youthful look. The makeup artist also advised not to use heavy glitter on your eyelid as it “just weights your eyelid down.” Instead, Kalondia recommends using a soft shimmer as it “really opens up your eye.” Next, Kalondia moved on to eyeliner and said: “No black eyeliner on your top moveable eyelid. It really closes your eyes up ladies. If you love it, that’s fine, but for me it does not work.” Instead, Kalondia said she “tight line” her eyeliner, which means she applies her eyeliner to her the upper and down waterlines on her eye. She said: “It gives me lashes a fullness without making my eyes look heavy.” Underneath her eyelash line, Kalondia said not to use any black eyeliner, and said instead to use a soft brown eyeshadow. She said: “It looks great!” Don't miss... I'm a plastic surgeon - avoid the worst exercise for ageing [LATEST] Plastic surgeon on Jill Biden's amazingly youthful looks age 71 [REPORT] Martha Stewart's must-have product is only £10 [INSIGHT] The make-up professional then moved on to doing her eyebrows. She said: “Eyebrows are such a problem, but don’t start filling in your eyebrows at the front and don’t go in a rounded motion towards your eyelid, it really does weigh down your eye.” Kalondia recommends instead to start filling in your eyebrows in the centre and then bring the end of the eyebrow outwards, not downwards. She added: “Then, go back in and fill in the brow hairs. It works beautifully every time. The social media star then spoke about concealer and said: “Trey not to do a moon” shape when putting concealer under your eye. She said: “It just makes that area look heavy. Instead, do a ‘V’ motion and then that highlights your face as well.” When applying blush and foundation, the make-up professional said: “Always take your brush and apply it upward, not downward.” Kalondia’s make-up “top tips” has gone viral on social media, as women both older and younger have said it is one of the most helpful make-up tutorials they have ever seen. One woman named Mary said “Me taking notes at 29 years old” while a teenager said: “This helped me out and I’m 15 years old.” A user named Nicky said: “Well I’m in my 20’s and this lady just taught me I’ve been doing makeup wrong.” However, the tutorial has also helped older women as well, as one commentator wrote: “Just did everything you suggested in this video. My teenage daughter just said: ‘Wow, Mom, you look really pretty today!’ Game changer! Thank you.” Another woman named Jen said: “This is the best, most concise makeup video I have ever seen!!! I’m 49 and will now be doing all of this! Thank you.”