A Long Island detective's daughter has been charged with steling £203,338 ($246,000) in pension payments to buy a luxe Mercedes Benz and a "gorgeous" seven-bedroom house, officials said. Alayne Bertolino, 48, continued to cash in on her father's pension after he died in 2014. Nassau County Police Detective Joseph Bertolino, who died at 69, received a pension via direct deposit into a bank account he shared with his daughter. Alayne Bertolino did not notify the office that her father had died but continued to collect pension payments for four and a half years. She used the money to buy a new, $70,000 black Mercedes-Benz GL350 and a $556,000 seven-bedroom, five-bathroom home in Georgia, it has been alleged. Bertolino has pleaded not guilty and insisted the matter was a misunderstanding. READ MORE: Alex Murdaugh dragged back to court this summer over another death  State Comptroller Thomas P. DiNapoli hit back. He said: "The defendant took advantage of her father’s death to profit handsomely at the expense of New York’s retirement system and fuel an extravagant lifestyle." He added that his office "will seek full restitution." It comes as Conservative Republicans who want to thwart socially and environmentally conscious investing are now being pushed to water down their proposals after backlash from powerful business groups and fears that state pension systems could see huge losses. In both Kansas and Indiana, where the GOP has legislative supermajorities, bankers associations and state chambers of commerce criticized the strongest versions of anti-ESG legislation currently under consideration as anti-free market. In Kansas, their opposition prompted a Senate committee’s chair to drop the toughest version of its bill — applying anti-ESG rules to firms handling private investments — before hearings began this week. He also canceled a Thursday discussion of a milder version of an anti-ESG bill after the head of the state pension system for teachers and government workers warned that it could see $3.6 billion in losses over 10 years if the bill were passed. And last month, legislative researchers in Indiana reported that its pension system expected the first version of a House bill to cost the system $6.7 billion over 10 years, prompting lawmakers to rewrite it before the chamber passed it. Don't miss... Spring breakers warned 'avoid Mexico' as three more Americans vanish [LATEST] US Navy aircraft breaches Iranian airspace as it 'goes off course' [ANALYSIS] Dad uses moose antler to kill 77-year-old stalking his daughter [INSIGHT] ESG stands for environmental, social and governance and those factors’ increased use in investing in recent years inspired GOP attempts to thwart it. Now, those efforts are riling groups long allied with Republicans in backing less government regulation. “This is the underlying political nature of this,” said Bryan McGannon, acting CEO and managing director for US SIF: The Forum for Responsible and Sustainable Investment. “They really aren’t thinking about the consequences of the kind of the real world impacts of what this means in the financial system.” About one-eighth of US assets being professionally managed, or $8.4 trillion, are being managed in line with ESG principles, according a report in December from US SIF, which promotes sustainable investing. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews