Sergio Perez has thrown a subtle dig at Fernando Alonso and Aston Martin, prompting a reaction from Max Verstappen. The Mexican seemed to suggest that Aston Martin had copied Red Bull’s designs after the British manufacturer secured a shock podium in Bahrain. In the post-race press conference, Perez said: “It's nice to see three Red Bull guys on the podium.” All three drivers then grinned with Verstappen laughing out loud at the remark. Even Alonso appeared impressed with the comment with the Spaniard smirking along as he sat next to Verstappen. Red Bull chief Helmut Marko also levelled the same accusation at the Aston Martin team over the weekend. It comes after Aston Martin stole Red Bull engineer Dan Fallows who joined at the start of the 2022 campaign. Marko told Sky Deutschland: “If you compare the cars, the Aston Martin is most similar to our Red Bull. There’s a reason for that. READ MORE: George Russell gives up on F1 world title already after Bahrain GP “Not only did Fallows change, but also some other employees and they obviously have a good memory.” Aston Martin were the surprise package at the opening race with Alonso competing at the front throughout the weekend. The team was quicker than Red Bull throughout the practice sessions and only fell away in qualifying. However, Alonso fought back past the two Mercedes in the race to secure a P3 finish. Team principal Christian Horner also stressed that the new AMR23 was similar to last season’s RB18, which achieves as much success. Red Bull won a staggering 17 races last season with Verstappen’s 15 victories a new season record. DON'T MISSChristian Horner gives Lewis Hamilton title view after Mercedes issues [INSIGHT]Perez fires warning to Verstappen as Red Bull dominate at Bahrain GP [ANALYSIS]Max Verstappen almost crashes minutes after winning Bahrain Grand Prix [PICS] Horner explained: “I think it demonstrates to all the teams that it's possible. So they've obviously done a good job over the winter. They say imitation is the biggest form of flattery and it's good to see the old car going so well." When pushed on whether Red Bull could regret letting Fallows leave to a rival team, Horner responded that “nothing stands still”. Instead, he praised the current crop of engineers who was still achieving success for the team. He commented: “Well, no, because I think we have a wonderful team and everything has to evolve. Nothing stands still. It's flattering to see the resemblance of that car to ours so it was great to see the three of them on the podium."