Erik ten Hag could make at least six changes to his Manchester United team against Real Betis in the Europa League last 16 on Thursday. The Dutchman may resort to drastic measures to ensure United respond to their 7-0 thrashing against Liverpool with a return to the win column at Old Trafford. A bad result against Betis could descend the Red Devils' season into disarray after such promising progress. Ten Hag will be desperate to prevent that from happening. Express Sport pinpoints six players who could drop to the bench or out of the squad following Sunday's Anfield annihilation. Ten Hag's decision to start Diogo Dalot instead of Aaron Wan-Bissaka raised eyebrows ahead of kick-off, with the latter boasting stronger defensive attributes. And Liverpool's wide players enjoyed a field day in particular, which could prompt a change-up against Betis. Raphael Varane was a doubt ahead of the game, passing a late fitness check to be involved. But he looked out of sorts. It would be wise to let him sit midweek out and hand Harry Maguire a rare start before returning to the fold against Southampton. Read more... Benni McCarthy said he'd KO Mourinho and played in an American gang [NEWS] Luke Shaw has enjoyed his latest resurgence this season, and he impressed as an attacking outlet for most of the first-half. But he was partly culpable for a number of the goals in the onslaught as his defensive efforts became half-hearted. It seems like a fitting time to hand Tyrell Malacia another chance to impress. Casemiro has been one of the sources of United's uprise under Ten Hag but there were warning signs as cameras caught him hobbling early in the game. What followed was his worst display since joining the club. United can't risk a player of the Brazilian's importance enduring a spell on the sidelines. Marcel Sabitzer's confirmed absence could pave the way for Scott McTominay to partner Fred in midfield. Don't miss... Man Utd chiefs 'have same concern' about signing De Jong or Bellingham [TRANSFERS] Casemiro facing Man Utd suspension threat again in blow for Ten Hag [NEWS] Marcus Rashford blasts Man Utd 'nonsense' after Liverpool loss [INTERVIEW] Antony is showing sparks of life to get into positive areas, but his end product continues to largely disappoint. His defensive work rate has been one of the best aspects of his game since his £85million arrival, but that was non-existent on Merseyside. After starting every game since joining on loan in January, Wout Weghorst is in need of a rest. If Alejandro Garnacho replaces Antony, Jadon Sancho can come in for him. Even if Ten Hag wants to use Bruno Fernandes on the right, Sancho has shone in the No 10 position since his return. Potential XI: De Gea; Wan-Bissaka, Maguire, Martinez, Malacia; McTominay, Fred; Fernandes, Sancho, Garnacho; Rashford.