Shaun Bosley received a "final notice" letter from NCP after he dropped a colleague off at Gatwick Airport. He used the airport's drop off zone which charges motorists £5 for a maximum of 10 minutes, and an extra £1 for every minute they stay after that to a limit of 20 minutes. Instead of accepting the fine and paying the expensive charge, Mr Bosley used a wildly popular tool to dispute the claim. ChatGPT has exploded in popularity in recent months as people adapt to the ever-changing landscape of artificial intelligence (AI). People can input questions or commands and the AI will react at pace with "human-like" responses. Bosley, who uses ChatGPT within his work, utilised the tool after he contested the fine because he hadn't received any prior correspondence. READ MORE: Fuel duty hike would cause 'untold damage' next week He said: "In the end, I just typed, 'write an appeal to a penalty charge notice for driving through Gatwick airport, and straight away it came back with a great response. "It's insane how it writes like a human. I didn't have to look at it and think 'that sounds like a robot, I need to change some of it', it was so conversational." Mr Bosley added that it was "insane" how the AI technology "writes like a human". The chatbot gave him a response which claimed he understood that it was his responsibility to be aware of the rules and regulations when driving around the airport. Don't miss... Queen Elizabeth's 'elegant and powerful' Bentley Limousine [STUNNING] Motorists issued 'word of caution' before EV switch [WARNING] Drivers warned of major road safety issues with snow and ice alerts [SHOCKING] It continued: "However, I never received the first notice of the penalty and therefore, did not have the opportunity to contest the charge or pay the fine in a timely manner. "I believe that the debt collection process has been premature, and I request that you reconsider the penalties imposed." The day after sending the AI-assisted dispute letter, Mr Bosley saw his fine slashed from £100 to just £15. In recent years, many experts have called on airports across the world to relax its car parking limitations. READ MORE: Caravan owners warned of dangerous issues after DVSA spot checks Most of the time, motorists are already in a rush and panicking at an airport, with long-stay parking causing further headaches before and after the flight. A recent report found that people pay a lot more money when booking parking on the same day. By booking in advance for a week’s worth of parking, drivers could save £84 at Manchester Airport, the biggest saving. However, turning up on the day and paying for a week will cost as much as £406, a staggering £302 more. The same was seen at London City Airport, where paying in advance for a week costs £123.49 but turning up on the day is £420 - a £297 difference. Data from the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) found that the number of parking tickets issued by private companies in Britain rose by 24 percent in the second half of 2022. A staggering 5.7 million tickets were issued to drivers between July and December in 2022 - an average of 31,000 a day. There were plans to introduce a new Private Parking Code of Practice to cap fines at £50 and improve signage for drivers looking to park. Despite this support from driving organisations, legal challenges were issued, causing its implementation to be delayed.