Lilly (played by Lynda Boyd) exited Virgin River in tragic circumstances back in season three after it was revealed she’d been battling with pancreatic cancer. Lilly’s exit hit the likes of Hope McCrea (Annette O’Toole), daughter Tara (Stacey Farber) and Netflix viewers alike hard but there’s good news for fans of the actor on the horizon. Actor Boyd has announced her “exciting” latest project coming to screens as part of the cast of CTV’s Sullivan’s Crossing. Sullivan’s Crossing, similar to Virgin River, is another romance story brought to life after first hitting shelves in book form thanks to author Robyn Carr. Boyd shared the exciting announcement on Instagram in a video in which she delved into the details of the project. “Hi there, happy March 1 everybody,” Boyd began to her 5,953 followers. READ MORE: Virgin River's Alexandra Breckenridge sparks fury with season 5 update She continued: “I woke up to some really exciting news and that is the following… “Sullivan’s Crossing, which is the latest series from the author of the Virgin River series of books, Robyn Carr, her new series is called Sullivan’s Crossing and lucky me, I get to be in it! “It’s premiering March 19 on CTV, please tune in, you will not be disappointed. “Great stories and beautiful scenery, it was shot in Halifax, Nova Scotia,” Boyd continued before she teased what fan can expect from her own character. Boyd added: “Anyway, hope you can make it, alright, you will not be disappointed I promise. “By the way, my character, Phoebe Lancaster, is the polar opposite of Lilly in Virgin River, you’ll see what I mean when you see the show.” Boyd accompanied her video clip with the caption: “Sullivan’s Crossing debuts Sunday, March 19th on CTV Bell Media!!! If you’re a Virgin River fan, you are going to love this new series!” And it didn’t take long for fans to weigh in with their own excited reactions, including author Carr herself. DON'T MISS:NCIS LA's Marilu Henner drops disappointing update on Kilbride and exThe Blacklist fans fume at 'missing' James Spader in season 10 openerThe Walking Dead fans fume at new Dead City trailer over 'lazy' plot The Virgin River author commented: “So exciting! You were fabulous in Virgin River, and I'm so looking forward to see you in Sullivan's Crossing.” This was echoed by a number of Boyd’s followers and Virgin River fans, with @nerd.outside replying: “Waiting patiently in the states! “Very exciting news! (Also hoping that you have scenes longer than 30 seconds each and you don’t get a horrible illness) Just sayin’.” While @ramona_kelland expressed their eagerness to watch the new series by commenting: “Definitely going to check it out!” Meanwhile, @elacanessa.music weighed in: “Congratulations on your new role! “I’ve miss seeing you in Virgin River! Hope I can see the new series in Uruguay! Sending you love.” And @geof_turner added to the conversation: “Whoot! Whoot! Sooo excited! Can’t wait! “Congratulations on what is going to be, a fantastic show!” (sic) Virgin River seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix now.Sullivan’s Crossing premieres on CTV in Canada on March 19.