Greg Marsh, founder and CEO of household finances app Nous.co, warned paying for energy by cash or bank transfer can be “significantly more expensive” than direct debit. He said households could save £254 a year by switching to direct debit. The expert urged consumers to make sure they are paying their bills in the “cheapest way possible” including switching to direct debit if this can save them money. Mr Marsh explained: “Energy companies prefer customers to pay by direct debit because it lowers their admin costs, and they tend to find that those customers are less likely to fall into debt. “Rates are higher for those who don’t pay by direct debit due to how the price cap is calculated, where suppliers are allowed to charge those customers more. The price cap is the limit your supplier is allowed to charge per unit of energy.” The unit price of energy is currently capped by industry regulator Ofgem, with consumers currently protected from this full price by the Government’s Energy Price Guarantee. READ MORE: NS&I announces March 2023 Premium Bonds winners - have you won £1million? But under both caps, energy suppliers can charge non-direct debit customers more for their energy, Mr Marsh said. The consumer expert spoke about the benefits of paying by direct debit. He said: “Paying by direct debit can make your monthly bills predictable, which makes budgeting simpler. “Your supplier will typically set a flat monthly direct debit amount based on your predicted usage for the next 12 months, flattening out winter versus summer usage. “If you believe the monthly rate has been set incorrectly you can contact your supplier to change it.  “If you’ve built up excess credit with your supplier, you can request it back. Giving regular meter readings should also help improve the accuracy of your bills.” Some consumers may be put off switching to direct debit as some suppliers have been accused of using the system to overcharge customers, as the suppliers have run up credit balances when they owe the customer money. Mr Marsh said: “If you’re nervous about paying by direct debit, you could consider using a free tool like the ones provided by nous.co to keep track of your direct debits for you and make sure your providers are acting fairly. “If you’d rather pay for what you actually use as you go along, you can go for a variable direct debit where you only pay for what you use each month. READ MORE: Switching from variable to fixed rate tariff ‘not worth it’ despite energy bills hike “In that case however you will need to budget carefully to make sure you have enough money to cover your extra usage during the winter months.” Mr Marsh encouraged Britons to be on the lookout for cheaper energy deals as the energy market is set to become “more competitive” in the coming months. At present, a typical household in England, Scotland and Wales pays £2,500 a year on energy bills, under the guarantee. The guarantee is increasing to £3,000 a year from April but analysts are predicting the price of energy will drop below the level set by the guarantee over the summer. Figures from Cornwall Insight predicted energy bills will fall to around £2,200 a year from July, and will stay at this level until the end of the year. The group said: “Our forecasts show prices in the second half of 2023 remaining below the Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) level, and therefore will not cost the Government any money from July. "With wholesale prices still well above pre-pandemic levels, the lower cost of the scheme is likely to spark conversation on the additional energy bill support the Government may now be able to offer households." However, analysts from the group warned due to current market volatility, average bills from July could range anywhere between £2,421 and £1,981 in July.