Fortnite fans are getting ready for the release of Chapter 4, Season 2 on PlayStation 4, PS5, Xbox Series X/S, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, Android and PC. The new season launches alongside a major gameplay update, which adds new points of interest to the map, as well as new features like a first-person mode and futuristic bikes. Likewise, fans will be able to purchase a brand new Battle Pass with countless rewards. Unfortunately, however, the Season 2 update will be accompanied by a period of server downtime, which means you won't be able to login and play for at least a couple of hours. If you want to know when you can start logging back into Fortnite, check out the Chapter 4, Season 2 downtime schedule below. In a break from tradition, the new Fortnite season will launch on a Friday, and without a big in-game event to accompany it. For fans living in the UK, matchmaking will be disabled at 6.30am GMT, while servers will be taken offline in full at 7am GMT. The news was announced by Epic Games on Twitter, alongside confirmation that the new season will be titled Fortnite MEGA. "Made with precision. Prepare for Fortnite MEGA. 3.10.2023," reads an Epic tweet. "To clarify any confusion, we plan to go into downtime for Fortnite MEGA Chapter 4 Season 2 on March 10 at 2 AM ET." If it's anything like previous periods of server downtime, then maintenance should end after a couple of hours, meaning the game will be back online at around 9am GMT. It's worth pointing out, however, that downtime for a new season can sometimes last longer than usual, so don't be surprised if maintenance runs until 10 or even 11am. Whatever happens, Express Online will keep this article updated with all the latest developments, including confirmation on when the game is back online. The new Fortnite season will launch with a big Attack on Titan crossover, including at least one brand new skin. Epic has confirmed that Eren Yeager will be available as the secret skin in the Season 2 Battle Pass. This means you'll be able to unlock the character midway through the season. With the new season adopting a cyberpunk visual style, fans can expect some kind of neon-soaked metropolis to explore, as well as futuristic weapons and items. This includes a brand new bike, which can be used to grind neon rails while exploring the game's various landmarks. First-person mode is also expected to debut in Season 2, although it's unclear if the feature will be available at launch.