Rishi Sharma (Bhasker Patel) was left spooked when he arrived home as he suspected someone else was in the house watching him. As he left to go to The Woolpack, a mysterious person could be seen behind the curtains. However, Emmerdale fans believe they have worked out who the person could be, with many sharing their theories on social media. Towards the end of Monday's Emmerdale, Rishi decided to get out of the house. During a phone call with his son, Jai (Chris Bisson), a worried Rishi said: "Jai, thank goodness. "I was thinking of going to the pub for a drink, something to eat maybe if you, Laurel and the kids might want to join me. "Or I come to you...Ok, I'll see you there, shall I?" READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find "No need to pick me up," Rishi said in a panic before adding: "The walk will do me good." He quickly made a dash for the door and as he left, he looked up at the upstairs window. It was clear someone was standing behind the curtain as it moved when Rishi looked up. Following the instalment, fans took to Twitter in droves to share their thoughts. Many seemed to think the mystery person could be serial killer Meena Jutla (Paige Sandhu), who is currently in prison, while others think Rishi's son has made a return to the village. Twitter user @meenastoyboy shared: "The ghost of Meena is haunting Holdgate Farm #Emmerdale." @coxyhockeychick asked: "OK who's in Rishi's house? #Emmerdale." While @mitchell_hurd noted: "Who else thinks Meena's escaped Prison and lurking in Rishi's house?" Don't miss... GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [LATEST] The One Show host issues apology after guest swears live on air [VIDEO] Beyond Paradise boss pays tribute to 'absolute joy' Ruth Madoc [EXCLUSIVE] "Is Nikhil back," @DamiSpooky quizzed as @SnowAndBeach repeated: "Is Nikhil back?!" @MeeshyJay theorised: "Who is in Rishi’s house? Has Meena escaped from prison and holed up in there? #Emmerdale. Throwing another theory into the mix, @LukeHayesII1 tweeted: "Is it Marcus who is in Rishi's house? He was homeless before. #Emmerdale." If Meena is back in the village, could she be out to get revenge? Elsewhere, the drama between Cain Dingle (Jeff Hordley) and Amy Wyatt (Natalie Ann Jamieson) appeared to be getting worse as they fought for custody of Kyle Winchester (Huey Quinn). Vicar Charles Anderson (played by Kevin Mathurin) was also left mortified when his daughter Naomi Walters (Karene Peters) invited criminal Alex Moore (Liam Boyd) over for lunch. Alex already has a connection to the village as he is also the ex of Dawn Taylor (Olivia Bromley). Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.