Alex Murdaugh showed no emotion as he was found guilty of murdering his wife and son in a case that rocked America and sparked documentaries by Netflix and HBO. The 54-year-old shed tears during the trial as he described how he found his wife and son dead. But, following the jury's verdict, the wealthy South Carolinian lawyer stood still with his occasionally blinking eyes glued to one spot.  The jury deliberated for less than three hours at the end of Murdaugh's dramatic six-week trial. Murdaugh was found guilty on all four counts, including two counts of murder and two counts of possession of a weapon in the commitment of a violent crime. Maggie Murdaugh, 52, and Paul Murdaugh, 22, were shot at close range near the dog kennels on the family's Colleton County estate on June 7, 2021. JUST IN: Meghan and Harry 'got what they wanted' as Frogxit eviction likely 'leaked by Sussexes'  Prosecutors claimed Murdaugh killed his wife and son in a bid to keep his alleged embezzlement of millions of dollars from being exposed. Lead prosecutor Creighton Waters said in a Thursday night news conference: "Justice was done today. "It doesn’t matter who your family is. It doesn’t matter how much money you have, or people think you have.  "It doesn’t matter … how prominent you are. If you do wrong, if you break the law, if you murder, then justice will be done in South Carolina." The 54-year-old denied involvement during the trial, instead claiming he was asleep when they were attacked. He said: "I would never hurt Maggie, and I would never hurt Paul - ever - under any circumstances."  DON'T MISSMeghan and Harry 'got what they wanted' amid Frogxit eviction [UPDATE]Harry and Meghan ‘more punchline then rich’ expert says [INSIGHT]Matt Hancock's team asked if they could “lock up” Nigel Farage [REVEAL] Judge Clifton Newman said the court would reconvene on Friday at 9.30am for sentencing. Rejecting a defence motion for a mistrial, Judge Newman also claimed: "The evidence of guilt is overwhelming." Murdaugh faces 30 years to life in prison without parole for each murder charge. 