Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been invited to the Coronation on May 6 and are expected to attend, however, their two young children Prince Archie Harrison and Princess Lilibet Diana have not received an invite, according to reports. Aged just three and one, the Sussex children are considered too little to be at the formal Westminster Abbey ceremony, but as the date is also Archie's fourth birthday Harry and Meghan will likely spend part of the day with them. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat However the Queen Consort Camilla's grandchildren are expected to be taking part in the Coronation in an official capacity, showing unity between the two families. The royals are now a blended family, with both Charles and Camilla divorced and having stepfamilies. The Queen Consort's two children from her first marriage, Tom Parker-Bowles and Laura Lopes, now have five teenage children between them. Tom has daughter Lola, 15 and 13-year-old Freddy, while Laura is a mother to Eliza, 15, and 13-year-old twins Louis and Gus. Camilla is reportedly hoping her grandchildren will hold the canopy over her head as she is annointed, however a Buckingham Palace source told the Sunday Times it would be "wholly improper" to discuss their roles. The King's older grandchildren Prince George and Princess Charlotte are likely to be at the Coronation, with the future King also tipped to play a role in the proceedings. The decision over Prince Louis's attendance, who is about to turn five, is still being "pondered" by the Prince and Princess of Wales, according to the Sunday Telegraph. READ MORE: Charles's slimmed-down monarchy plan overshadowed, expert suggests Harry and Meghan will not be invited to appear on the Buckingham Palace balcony with the other royals and many are said to have no desire to socialise with them. A friend of the family told the Daily Mail: "They will be given the cold shoulder by very many relatives. One said to me, 'I hope they'll be seated in Iceland'. "Many of the family just want nothing more to do with them. If they have to see them at the Coronation then so be it, but they do not want to socialise with them." The Sussexes are thought to be staying at Frogmore Cottage during their trip to the UK, even though the King asked them to vacate the property back in January.  The lease on their home runs out at the end of March but Charles is allowing them time to move out their belongings, while the house is also a safe place for them to bring their children. Last week it was revealed that Archie and Lilibet would officially be known as Prince and Princess, and they may one day be able to use HRH as well. Harry has agreed not to be HRH since stepping down as a working royal but his children could still be entitled to use it. Similarly Prince Andrew is no longer an HRH but his daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie can still claim the title. 