Thiago Silva’s wife has emerged as an outspoken critic of Chelsea since her husband’s move to the West Londoners. Belle Silva has frequently taken to social media to take aim at the Premier League club, boss Graham Potter, and, most surprisingly, the Blues’ fanbase. Belle has courted controversy on Twitter and has often angered Chelsea fans with her outbursts. Back in January, she told booing supporters they should not attend matches at Stamford Bridge if they are not going to support the team. Most recently, though, the 35-year-old appeared to take aim at under-fire head coach Potter with a not-so-subtle ‘like’ on Twitter. A fan had replied to Belle suggesting that her husband should coach the team instead of the former Brighton boss, who has won just four of his last 18 matches. "Can you ask [Thiago] Silva to coach our club himself because we have a deadbeat tactic-less coach who doesn't know what he is doing,” the Chelsea supporter wrote. "He doesn't even understand that [it] is Chelsea football club - he thinks he is still at Brighton." JUST IN: Chelsea one of five clubs who could sign Neymar on the cheap In a clue that could provide evidence that Belle is unhappy with Potter’s management, she liked the post. But that is not the only time she has taken aim at the West London outfit. On a visit to Stamford Bridge following Chelsea’s Champions League triumph in 2021, the Brazilian was shocked to see a lack of pictures of her husband. That is despite veteran defender Silva playing a key role in that particular campaign. In a now-deleted tweet, Belle fumed: "Today I went to Stamford Bridge and I noticed that the photos changed around the stadium. "But I don't see a photo of Thiago Silva anywhere. Why Chelsea?" Don't miss... Chelsea fans split over three choices to replace Graham Potter [LATEST] Chelsea team news - Potter favourite returns but duo out vs Dortmund [LATEST] Chelsea boss Potter left sweating over late decision for Dortmund tie [LATEST] Belle has recently limited her social media use and has tweeted just three times since January. But one post caused particular anger just five days into 2023. Chelsea lost 1-0 at home against Man City on January 5 and the result prompted boos from the home crowd. However, Belle was furious with fans for not supporting the team through a difficult period. "Don’t come to Stamford Bridge if you’re not singing. Come on Chelsea,” she tweeted. Belle then shared a video of some of the booing during the game before she chanted “Come on Chelsea!” to encourage better support. Incredibly, many supporters began to join in with the chant and the atmosphere improved. Silva is expected to miss a large portion of the remainder of the season after suffering knee ligament damage during Chelsea’s defeat at Tottenham earlier this month. A club statement following the game read: “Having sustained a knee injury during the first half of Sunday’s match against Tottenham Hotspur, Thiago underwent further assessment and a scan on his return to the training centre on Monday. “Scan results from those assessments have confirmed damage to Thiago’s knee ligaments and he will now work closely with the club’s medical department during his rehabilitation to return to action as soon as possible."