In line with new NHS rules, pregnant women or new mothers do not automatically qualify for the free medication. Their midwife has to register them for a maternity exemption certificate which their pharmacy has to request. Mum-of-two Zoe Savill thought her midwife had applied for the certificate and so had been claiming free prescriptions, with the recent birth of her second child, DevonLive reported. She realised she did not have a valid certificate in January when she had a letter from the NHS Business Services Authority which said she had claimed three free prescriptions between September 2022 and November 2022 with no evidence of an exemption. She was issued an £100 fine and was told to pay £28 for prescription costs. The fine was withdrawn after it was established her midwife had not applied for the exemption certificate but she was told she would still have to pay for the medication. The 38-year-old, from Tiverton, has also been notified she will receive a second fine for prescriptions from November to December last year. READ MORE: Simple change to payments could see you slash energy bills by £254  Ms Saville is a stay at home mum to Poppy, four, and Benjamin, who has just turned one. She said: “When I was pregnant with Poppy I was given a form to confirm I was pregnant which I sent off and then I received an exemption card in the post which I kept in my wallet if I was asked for it. "This time around with Benjamin I was told it's now gone electronic which means you don't need a card. “A midwife or health care professional has to apply on your behalf for an exemption certificate; you can't do it yourself. "What people don't realise is not all midwives are ticking the right boxes or doing the form. I was only told my midwife had not applied for the certificate when I received a fine.” Don't miss... Warning as families face £700 bills hike from April [COST OF LIVING INCREASE] Energy-efficient heating option could see you slash energy bills [HEAT PUMPS] Increase your state pension with National Insurance contributions [STATE PENSION] The midwife tried to apply retrospectively for the certificate but it can only be backdated by one month. Ms Saville said: "My argument is why should I have to pay anything when I should have been exempt?” The mum is disputing the fines through the NHS Business Services Authority's complaints system. She says the extra stress has worsened her health and that she feels like she has been accused of wrongdoing, adding: "You're made to feel like you have done something wrong when all you've done is claim something you're entitled to.” READ MORE: Santander scam warning after customer receives suspicious letter  Last year, the NHS issued some 38,000 letters questioning the eligibility of women who claimed a maternity exemption, according to the Guardian. More than 80 percent of these queries resulted in a penalty charge notice as they could not provide a valid certificate. A spokesperson for the NHS Business Services Authority said: "The NHS Business Services Authority (NHSBSA) administers maternity exemption certificates, as well as other NHS exemption certificates, on behalf of the Department of Health and Social Care. “Patients who are pregnant or have had a baby in the last 12 months need a maternity exemption certificate before they are entitled to free NHS prescriptions. "It is the certificate that entitles someone to free prescriptions, not being pregnant or having a new baby. “Maternity exemption certificates are completed by a midwife, doctor or health visitor on behalf of a patient. "They can do this online or by using the paper FW8 form. The NHSBSA processes applications and issues maternity exemption certificates to patients once they have been received.” The authority said patients are responsible for making sure they are claiming an entitlement which they are eligible to receive.