The F1 season roars back into action this weekend and Sky is making sure that fans can watch all of the tyre-squealing action in pin-sharp 4K. The satellite TV firm has just announced the launch of a dedicated new channel that's showing races in the best quality possible. Until now, those with a 4K Ultra HD TV needed to press the Red button on their remote and then select the most premium picture setting before getting access to the improved footage. Thankfully, that's now changed with fans able to head to channel 406 and get the best footage possible without needing to launch or tweak any additional settings. As a quick reminder, Ultra HD 4K offers an image that's four times sharper than standard HD. That makes it particularly useful for anyone with a supersized telly in their living room as there are more pixels in the image to pack into the big screen. READ MORE: If you get this email from Sky there's bad news for your monthly TV bill The upcoming races on Sky Sports F1 UHD are: 3-5 March, Bahrain 17-19 March, Saudi Arabia 31 March – 2 April, Australia 28-30 April, Azerbaijan 5-7 May, United States (Miami) Sky says that the new F1 Ultra HD channel now joins the existing sports UHD line up, which includes the recently launched Sky Sports Main Event Ultra HD (channel 401) - the UK’s first 24/7 Ultra HD sports channel - as well as a raft of Ultra HD coverage of Premier League football, Cricket and Golf. All of the Sky Sports Ultra HD channels are available on Sky Glass, Sky Stream and Sky Q with Sky Sports F1 or Sky Sports Complete, plus the Ultra HD pack. Of course, you will need to make sure you have UHD viewing enabled as part of your TV package but if you want to give it a try without paying the usual premium price then there’s currently an offer up for grabs, giving you two months for free. This Sports update comes as the firm has also announced a new best Sky deal that includes free content when you sign up for a Glass telly. This offer lasts for three months and includes channels such as Sky Max and Sky Atlantic. Want to know more? Find full details about this Free Sky Glass deal here.