Dr. Munir Somji is an expert in anti-aging skincare treatments, including light treatments, thread lifts, injectables and surgery. He shared his advice on how to look younger and told Express the "ideal morning and night skincare routine" to keep skin looking youthful and boost its full anti-aging potential. He advised treating your skin differently in the morning and the evening to maximise its youthful appearance. The expert advises using a particular product a few times week that is proven to fight aging. Dr. Munir advised for the morning: "Start by using a nourishing cleanser, then toner, and follow up with a targeted serum and then apply a moisturiser. "Lastly you should apply an SPF to the skin to ensure you are protecting your skin." In the evening, there are extra steps to add to your routine to help properly clean the face and boost the health of the skin. READ MORE: 'I'm 52 and I date men in their 20s for sex - I've been banned from Tinder four times' Dr. Munir said: "Start by using a thicker cleaner such as a balm that will really dissolve dirt, debris and makeup that has gathered throughout the day. Then follow up with a toner." He went on: "You could then apply retinol to your skin two to three times a week and then follow up with a deeply nourishing moisturiser or night cream." The doctor added: "You should also exfoliate your skin once a week and use a mask." Retinol is a product that has been scientifically proven to help skin look younger. It is derived from vitamin A, and shrinks pores and reduces the appearance of fine lines. Don't miss... Best skincare products for anti-aging - 5 essentials [BEAUTY] Age-defying 72-year-old shares her ‘strange’ tea [LOOK YOUNGER] 50-year-old shares all the supplements she takes to look youthful  [ANTI-AGING] What are the best retinol products? These are the top-rated products, according to customers, on Sephora. The doctor also recommended using a face mask weekly to help fight signs of aging. These are the top-rated masks for anti-aging on Sephora.