John Fury has called upon to Jake Paul to honour the deal with son Tommy and "pay up" after the YouTuber was handed a first professional boxing defeat in Saudi Arabia last Sunday. A bitter verbal feud between the pair was settled, temporarily at least, by Fury taking a split decision victory despite being floored in the final round. However, Tyson's younger brother seemingly missed out on a mammoth pay day despite successfully protecting his family’s legacy. In the pre-match press conference, 'The Problem Child' offered to double his wage if he won but in the event of the loss, all of his purse was to go to the American. Fury himself appeared uncertain but dad John stepped in and accepted it on his behalf. However, when Paul later presented a contract for the deal, 'TNT' ordered his dad to run it through the lawyers. But according to the influencer, 26, the paperwork was never signed and returned. Fury Snr has suggested the deal was still valid though, and on Wednesday posted a video to his Twitter page ordering Paul to send his fight purse over. JUST IN: Conor Benn calls out WBC over 'egg contamination' announcement as drug test row rumbles on "Jake Paul, moment of truth," he said. "Again I say it, you lost the fight. We had a deal in front of millions of people worldwide, you lost that deal, I expect you to honour that deal and you owe us some money." And the 58-year-old wasn't interested in any mention of signing paperwork: "Don't come back at me about contracts and all that bull," he continued. "I'm a gypsy, I can't read and write properly I don't understand that. We was over there to do a job, we've done it, and I'm sure you'll be a great guy and honour what you've done. Pay up." DON'T MISS:Eddie Hearn takes aim at Jake Paul when naming who YouTuber should fight nextAmir Khan torn apart as Carl Froch explains if he'll take comeback fight against 'Bambi'Andrew Tate sends message to Jake Paul from prison after Tommy Fury points defeat  Whether Paul responds remains to be seen, but chances are the two fighters will be earning mega money again in future. Both have verbally agreed to a rematch, with the loser claiming he wasn't 100 percent first time around. He said in his post-match interview: “Honestly, I felt flat, I got sick really bad twice in this camp, and injured my arm.” The excuses were blasted by the 23-year-old Fury.