Casemiro will have earned the respect of his Manchester United team-mates following his big-money move from Real Madrid in the summer, as he has become the bedrock of the Red Devils’ midfield. His quality was highlighted further in the Carabao Cup final, when he scored the opening goal in United’s 2-0 win over Newcastle. The midfield general’s defensive abilities were showcased as Erik ten Hag’s outfit kept the Magpies at bay. However, the 29-year-old has been quick to praise his new team-mates, as several have turned their Old Trafford fortunes around under Ten Hag. The League Cup winners are the only team in Europe still capable of winning four trophies this season, as United currently sit third in the Premier League table and remain in both the FA Cup and Europa League. They will need their influential Brazilian for their upcoming run of fixtures, but Casemiro has been equally impressed by those surrounding him and mentioned five players specifically as United stars that have been influential this season. "The style of play here is different, the build-up play, the manager, the league, the club are all different," Casemiro told United Review. "Every club has their own way of playing, the most important thing is adapting quickly, that’s what I try to do. READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final "I’ll say it again, it’s impossible to do it on your own. There’s the quality of my teammates. There’s Licha [Lisandro Martinez] and [Raphael] Varane – high-quality players. Christian [Eriksen] who I played alongside for a long time, another exceptional player. Fredinho [Fred], another excellent player, then there’s Bruno [Fernandes] who plays a bit further forward, a world-class player." The players Casemiro largely make up the new-look spine of Ten Hag’s United, as Varane alongside Martinez have been the bedrock in defence protecting David De Gea and are the foundation of where possession has been built. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Eriksen complimented Casemiro well in midfield as the Danish playmaker allowed him to take up a more aggressive position by dropping deep, though an injury against Reading has ruled Eriksen out for a significant portion of the remaining season. Fred has often deputised in Eriksen’s absence and showed in the Carabao Cup against Newcastle that he has the faith of Ten Hag, as the Dutchman opted for an all-Brazilian midfield pivot behind Fernandes instead of January signing Marcel Sabitzer and Scott McTominay. While Fernandes himself has looked revitalised since Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure from Old Trafford before the World Cup. Having a more capable team behind the Portuguese star has allowed him to take up positions further up the field and focus his game on creating chances in the final third, rather than dictating play deep which has helped the likes of Marcus Rashford and Antony thrive in attacking areas.