Summer 2022 was like something we’ve never experienced - record high temperatures, water shortages and parched gardens. Already experts are talking about drought conditions for this year. A recent meeting of the National Drought Group noted 63 percent of rivers are currently below normal levels for this time of year. And rainfall over the next three months will be vital in reducing the drought risk for the summer. So what can gardeners do to ensure their gardens withstand a lack of water and hot summers? The answer is drought tolerant plants and now is a great time to plan out exactly what you need and when to plant them. Here are some examples of the plants to consider for your outside space. Lavender is a staple in a UK garden with the beautiful blue flowers and the distinctive fragrance. It’s also a good drought tolerant plant. Try planting close to a path or in a garden border to fully enjoy the scent. Lavender also works well in planters on the patio or deck. And the added bonus? DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ [EXPERT]Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p [COMMENT] Beneficial insects like bees and butterflies love them. This exotic climber copes with a lack of rain well and thrives during hot summers. This is a show stopper in the garden. The white flowers with central rings of purple, blue and white spiky filaments are in full bloom from July to September, followed by egg-shaped, orange-yellow fruit. These are perfect for a tropical garden but look stunning whatever your garden theme. Drought tolerant, cordyline creates a statement in the garden with its upright, palm like appearance and green, sword like leaves. These hardy plants flourish in full sun. Mature plants have fragrant, white blooms in clusters which appear during late spring. Drought tolerant Hebes are the ultimate foliage plants providing interest all year round. These evergreen shrubs will add colour and texture to your outside space. The low growing domes of densely packed leaves can be plated just about everywhere. They’re virtually maintenance free, frost hardy, drought tolerant and tolerant of shade, sun and poor soil. This drought tolerant small shrub is also known as Russian Sage. Its aromatic leaves and upright spikes of violet blue flowers make a lovely display in the garden. It flowers from late July through to September. Try planting alongside a path to fully enjoy the sage-like fragrance of its leaves. Chris Bonnett is a gardening expert from GardeningExpress.co.uk.