Dozens of pupils from a West Midlands school have reportedly been forced to stay for another five days in the United States after their hotel accidentally destroyed their passports. The group of 44 British pupils from Barr Beacon High School in Walsall were travelling for a ski trip to Lincoln, New Hampshire when they found the hotel had mistakenly "shredded" their travel documents. The students' planned return flight home on Saturday had to be cancelled as a result of this unplanned incident, which caused their trip to be unexpectedly extended. The body of students was forced to go on an unplanned tour of New York, trying to get by on a tight budget as they wait for help from the British Embassy to sort their papers. Headteacher Katie Hibbs told the local paper The Express & Star they are now stuck in New York and rushing to get emergency travel documents sorted in the British Embassy. She explained: "Unfortunately, the hotel managed to destroy the passports in their care, which has led to all those affected having to apply for emergency travel documents. "The group are at the British Embassy in New York today (27 February) to finalise all of the documents before they fly home." However, she applauded the staff and parents who have been patients despite unforeseen circumstances. She said: "Although this has been a fraught time for all involved, the pupils have remained positive and my staff on the ground in the USA have worked around the clock to ensure that the pupils are all safe and returned home as soon as possible.   I must also thank the parents who have all been very supportive. "I'm looking forward to receiving all of the party back very soon." Teachers had to organise last-minute student sightseeing trips in New York during their extended stay. The school's social media pages show pictures of pupils on open-top bus trips and at the top of a skyscraper. READ MORE: Boy is dragged to floor and bitten by dog near school Ms Hibbs told the BBC that four staff members in New York were now "supporting pupils to explore the city on a dwindling budget". Parents of the pupils were astonished when their kids couldn't take the scheduled flight home. An unnamed parent told the paper they "could not believe my eyes" when they "read the email about the emergency travel documents". They added: "How can a hotel shred 44 passports? It is not like they were pieces of paper, they were actual passports. "We had to wait weeks to get a passport in the first place, I will be asking the hotel or school to pay for a replacement." DON'T MISS:Panic as little boy walks out of school alone and crosses main roads [REPORT]Fetterman's wife takes kids to Canada as ‘media circles' [REPORT]Prince George's school accepted £2.2m from Putin's childhood friend [REPORT] British citizens are not allowed to fly out of America without a passport. The British Embassy charges up to £150 to issue a one-off emergency travel document. According to the Post Office, getting a new passport takes an average of three weeks if you apply using the standard form. However, wait times can rise to six weeks or more during peak times, especially during the busy summer months. It remains unclear how the hotel destroyed the passports and how the mistake was made. Express.co.uk has contacted the Kancamagus Lodge Hotel for comment. READ NEXT:Primary school bursar stole £490k to fund lavish holidays Public pays £400k to send 10 children of diplomats to Eton CollegeAnger as schoolgirls forced to line up as male teacher measures skirtsTeacher has white kids bow to black classmates in ‘disgusting’ video11-year-old makes $200,000 a month and has a $52K Mercedes-Benz