Many begin a weight loss journey and see encouraging results, but after some time, weight loss can reach a plateau. GP and Clinical Technology Lead at LloydsPharmacy Online Doctor, Dr Sameer Sanghvi explains the common reasons you’re not losing weight and the healthy lifestyle changes you can make to encourage weight loss success this year. “Weight loss all boils down to calories,” Dr Sameer said. “Essentially, losing weight depends on eating and drinking less calories than we use up. “The NHS recommended daily calorie intake for the average person is 2,000 calories for women and 2,500 calories for men. “If you’re trying to lose weight, you should aim to reduce your calorie intake by about 600 calories. That means 1,400 calories for women and 1,900 for men - although it depends on factors like your age, size and level of activity. “To keep track of calories, you can weigh the portions you’re having, check the labels on shop-bought foods, and record what you eat in a food diary. READ MORE: Mike Tindall's diet is 'different' from his wife Zara's - claims “Crash diets also known as yo-yo diets. Although popular, they rarely result in weight loss,” Dr Sameer explained. “In fact they are likely to end in long term weight gain. “Skipping meals or eating the bare minimum puts our bodies into ‘self-defence mode’, resulting in the metabolism slowing down. When you eventually go back to eating normally, it takes longer to burn off food.” “Also, you’re missing out on essential nutrients, it could result in you feeling low on energy. This can trigger cravings for high-fat and high-sugar foods. It’s a slippery slope - even if crash dieting works temporarily, it’s extremely unhealthy.” Don't miss... Heinz baked beans beaten by 45p supermarket version [NEWS] Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [PICTURES] Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ [COMMENT] Dr Sameer said: “Not drinking enough water is bad for our health generally, but few people realise that it can also lead to weight gain. “Being hydrated increases our metabolic function, energy, and decreases hunger so there is a strong correlation between drinking enough water and actually losing weight. “If we are dehydrated, there is a signal malfunctioning in our brains which can send hunger signals rather than thirst. This means we tend to eat more when we are dehydrated to make up for the feeling of thirst. “As well as this, if you are dehydrated you will feel low on energy and tired which could encourage snacking.” READ MORE: Weight loss jab loved by stars to become available through NHS The expert revealed: “Getting enough good quality sleep is essential for maintaining physical, emotional and mental health. Around seven to nine hours of sleep per night is considered a sufficient amount and enough to support good health in adults. “Sleep deprivation has a multitude of consequences. One of these is weight gain. When we can’t sleep, our bodies release cortisol - the ‘stress hormone’ which can trigger our bodies to store fat reserves ‘just in case. “Not only that, when we are stressed or sleep deprived, we require energy from food as a replacement therefore may find ourselves snacking and eating more. Plus, if you’re awake and in the kitchen, there’s a high chance you’re snacking.” “If you are exercising regularly, and eating a balanced diet including foods high in protein, but your weight on the scales doesn't seem to be going down, you may be actually gaining muscle weight,” Dr Sameer explained. “You may notice your body becoming more toned and stronger. And, you may feel more confident in your appearance despite what it says on the scales. “The important thing to remember is it’s fine to lose weight as long as you do it as healthily as possible." “If you’re concerned that you’re struggling to lose weight, you can speak to your GP who can assess your general health by measuring your height and weight to calculate your BMI and to help you identify the cause of your weight gain,” Dr Sameer said.  “They will be able to look into if there are any health issues relating to your weight gain and help put a plan in place.”