Endeavour continues this evening (March 5) on ITV1 and ITVX at 8pm. The three-part series is the final outing for the Inspector Morse prequel series with next week marking the grand finale. Fans of the show are keen to know more about the cast away from the show including esteemed actor Anton Lesser who portrays Superintendent Reginald Bright. Anton, 71, is no stranger to screens with a myriad of roles throughout his career which spans back to the 1980s. Some of his biggest roles include playing disgraced advisor Maester Qyburn in Game of Thrones and playing Prime Minister Harold Macmillan in The Crown. More recently, he’s appeared in BBC America’s Killing Eve, Wolf Hall, Netflix’s now cancelled sci-fi epic 1899 and Star Wars spin-off series Andor. Anton is also treading the boards in a production of The Two Popes at the Rose Theatre in Kingston. READ MORE: Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error He is also appearing in the BBC crime drama Better in which he portrays a dodgy former police officer. The star reprises his role as Bright for one last time in Endeavour before the show finishes. Anton has appeared across 35 episodes of Endeavour as the senior police officer Endeavour Morse (played by Shaun Evans) and Fred Thursday (Roger Allam) report to. Anton is married to Madeleine Lesser with the couple having two children together. Not much is known about Madeleine with Anton remaining out of the public eye. They have a son Harry and daughter Lily Lesser, who has followed in her father’s footsteps. Lily has appeared in Wolf Hall and Endeavour opposite her father Antonr. She has also appeared in The Alienist, Gen Y, Vanity Fair, The Queen’s Gambit and Passing Through. Reflecting on his character in an interview with Masterpiece PBS from last year, Anton said: “I’ve become very fond of him, my dad’s generation, a manifestation of the professional man, puts his heart into his job and suffers because of it and I love that.” Anton said about working on Endeavour: “This is just like a family now. That’s why I love coming back because all elements of the production, the hair, the make-up, the props, the detail, the costumes, the sets. “They’re all attended to with immaculate care and love and attention. As long as they keep asking me, I’m going to keep coming back because I love doing it.” DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [SPOILER]Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark [VIDEO]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges [VIEWER REACTION] Endeavour actor Roger paid tribute to his co-star: “Anton is again wonderful in these final films as Bright. “His character very rarely runs the story but I always look forward to seeing him. “Every scene he is in is always a telling scene, filled with Bright’s feelings, emotions and anxiety. “I felt from very early on in a typical non-commissioned officer and officer relationship that Thursday was very protective of Bright and tried to look after him in a sense.” Adding: “They grew together over the years very well because they shared a lot.” Endeavour continues on ITV1 and ITVX tonight at 8pm