For this, Isabel Vaughan-Spruce was searched, arrested, interrogated and placed on criminal trial. This is not a tale from Iran or North Korea, where authoritarian crackdowns against minority faiths are commonplace. This is a story from Birmingham.  For this, Isabel Vaughan-Spruce was searched, arrested, interrogated and placed on criminal trial. This is not a tale from Iran or North Korea, where authoritarian crackdowns against minority faiths are commonplace. This is a story from Birmingham. And it is not the only one. Catholic Priest Father Sean Gough was also in the dock there two weeks ago for holding a sign reading “praying for free speech” in the same location, and for having his car with him in the same zone, sporting a small old bumper sticker with the message “unborn lives matter”. And on Tuesday, the House of Commons will vote as to whether to roll these abortion censorship zones out across the country. Supporters of censorship “buffer zones” advocate that they are necessary in order to ban harassment and ensure safe access to an abortion facility. Of course, we all can categorically condemn harassment against women at all points in their life, let alone near an abortion facility. Thankfully, harassment is already illegal in our country – and so is obstructing access to such a clinic. So, if that is already illegal what more would these “buffer zones” add? The Bill in question would in fact go much further. It would ban “influence”. The scope of the term is dangerously broad. Should harassing and abusing women trying to access abortion be illegal? Absolutely and it already is. Should simply offering an information leaflet about support services available to women who would like an alternative choice than abortion be criminal? Should praying peacefully inside one’s own head, or holding a sign that says “here to help if you need it”, be subject to heavy-handed fines? According to the example of Northern Ireland’s “buffer zone” legislation, this activity would be blanket banned. The litmus test of a free and democratic British society is whether we can tolerate and withstand public conversation on issues about which there is deep division and strong emotion. But even if you think these praying people are pests, think about the implications of introducing a ban on their peaceful speech, even their silent thought. Where else might future “buffer zones” be applied? Could it be used to silence concerned parents from advising their children outside gender therapy centers? Used to silence dissidents from making their views known outside of embassies? “Could never happen here", “exaggeration”, those in denial will say, but people in this country have already been arrested based upon what they are thinking. Censorship is a slippery slope. It might not be your thoughts criminalised today, but careful not to open the door to that happening tomorrow. All things considered, it is somewhat bizarre that at a time of severe pressure on the police, we are adding “thoughtcrime” to a list of things they will have to assess and prosecute. Are they not busy enough dealing with the real issues? Police Federation representatives have talked of forces “at risk of collapse”. This winter in Greater Manchester, while Isabel Vaughan-Spruce and Father Gough were interrogated for the prayers inside their minds, a staggering 898 knife crimes were reported from November to January. I wonder where resources might be best spent. I have asked MPs to amend the legislation in two ways before we vote on it on Tuesday. The first would exempt consensual communication, silent prayer, and peaceful presence from criminalisation. The second would pause the implementation of censorship zones until the government carries out a review into what is really going on outside clinics. In 2018, this same government found that such zones would be “disproportionate” and unnecessary since the vast majority of activity was peaceful and helpful, instances of harassment were rare and existing legislation was perfectly capable of dealing with any instances of criminality. What has changed? Law must be evidence-based. The evidential basis for the crackdown has been paltry. I hope my elected colleagues will join me in demanding that our laws are fair, just and considered – not baited by rumblings of the culture war. We do not need “thoughtcrime” introduced in the United Kingdom. Andrew Lewer is the Conservative MP for Northampton South