Cameron Norrie name-checked Andy Murray after pulling off his own three-set comeback in Indian Wells. Murray has become known for his final set victories this season and the British No 1 followed in his footsteps with a 6-7(5) 7-5 6-2 victory over Taro Daniel from a set-and-a-break down. Norrie avoided an upset in the Californian desert as he came back from a set and 1-4 down against Daniel to advance to the third round. It’s not the first time the world No 12 has pulled off an impressive comeback this year, as he was also a set-and-a-break down in the recent Rio Open final before downing Carlos Alcaraz to lift the title. The top-ranked Brit now also has 20 match wins under his belt already this year, drawing level with Daniil Medvedev who can extend his haul to 21 when he plays later on Sunday in Indian Wells. And Norrie named his compatriot when he explained how he was able to pull off the comebacks, with seven of Murray’s eight wins this year coming in a final set. “I was actually listening to Andy talk on the TV the other day,” the 2021 Indian Wells champion said after his victory. “He’s won a lot of three-set matches as well and both of us I think have been working really hard in the off-season” Just in Djokovic retirement verdict complicated by Nadal as Borg weighs in [LATEST] Murray previously explained how he found himself losing all his final-set matches in 2022 but had turned that around this year, and Norrie echoed the world No 55’s sentiment that the highs and lows often all came at once. He continued: “When you do start winning those tough matches and kind of coming back - you know, in the final of Rio, I was coming back from a set and 3-0 and then here a set and 4-1.” The five-time title winner also knew that his rivals in the locker room were becoming aware of his and Murray’s reputations of coming back this year, adding: “When you do it once, you really believe you can do it again and the players really know all the results and they know who is coming through those matches. And I feel like with tennis it all kind of happens at once and when you’re winning those ones they all go your way and I think on the flip side of that when you’re not winning them they all don’t go your way.” But the former champion in Indian Wells still wasn’t entirely happy with his performance, explaining: “I’m happy to be riding the wave right now but for me I’ve still got a lot of things to work on and it was not the prettiest of matches today but I’ll take it. I’ve won a lot of matches in three sets and I was not really happy with myself and I should’ve won that first set, I had lot of chances and I think it carried over a little bit to the start of the second set.”  Don't miss... Alcaraz has 'dangerous' element which rival has warned Djokovic about [ANALYSIS] Wawrinka shares reasons he refuses to retire after Murray compliments [INTERVIEW] Emma Raducanu provides perfect answer after question about black cats [QUOTES] Norrie managed to turn things around but admitted he shouldn’t have lost the opening set and could have been more dominant at the end. “I was able to really play point-for-point and then really come back and play some of my best tennis there. Down 1-4 and so IO played a solid third set. I think it could have been a lot more comfortable but he fought hard and he won one game that I should’ve won serving 3-0,” he said. Norrie next faces either sixth seed Andrey Rublev or in-form Frenchman Ugo Humbert. Meanwhile, Murray coincidentally earned his first straight-set victory since October in his own second-round match on Saturday, dispatching lucky loser Radu Albot 6-4 6-3 and he now faces the third remaining Brit in the men’s draw - Jack Draper. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE   