Whilst viewers eagerly await the return of Death in Paradise, BBC One has been airing previous instalments. Season seven starred Danny John-Jules as the beloved Officer Dwayne Myers and he left the show in 2018, returning for a special. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about where he is now. Death in Paradise fans were heartbroken when Officer Dwayne Myers (played by Danny John-Jules) said his final goodbye to his Sainte Marie colleagues. He did make a comeback for the festive special in 2022, as part of the show's 11th season. Following a seven-year stint as the fan-favourite character, he said he wanted to revisit his stage career. The star said: “I left Death in Paradise because I wanted to get back on stage. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find "I needed a bit more razzmatazz in my life." Since his exit, the star's most recent credit was for Shakespeare & Hathaway: Private Investigators, in which he played Ben Lovedon. He also voiced various characters in the TV series, Robozuna, in both the US and UK versions. He has since played the lead as Sir Leigh Teabing in the stage version of the novel The Da Vinci Code's 2022 UK tour. Staying true to his word, he focused on his stage career and followed his dream. The star has his own website and he mentioned a few other theatre projects he has been involved in. He was one of the stars of I've Gotta Be Me, as Sammy Davis Jr. As for where fans have last seen him, he attended the York Winter Comic-Con in February 2023.   Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST] Death in Paradise star 'nearly died' on 'terrifying' flight to BBC set [INSIGHT] Beyond Paradise viewers 'heartbroken' at tribute to Ruth Madoc [REACTION] The star was there for one of his previous shows, Red Dwarf, in which he played Cat. The actor is on Twitter and he has been sharing family updates with his fans. He showed support for his godchild Amy Adunbar on their #HugoYourWay appearance. The star also gave a shout-out to a superfan who was celebrating a milestone birthday. BrightLightGames tweeted: "Dear @DannyJohnJules, our Grandad is celebrating his 100th Birthday today. "He's a massive fan. Would you help make his day by wishing him a happy birthday? Thank you!" The star responded with: "HAPPY BIRTHDAY GRANDAD!!!" with a link to Clive Dunn's Grandad We Love You.  Death in Paradise is being repeated on BBC One on Fridays at 9pm. The series is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.