Glenn Hoddle has singled out two Tottenham players for criticism following the Champions League exit to AC Milan. Spurs crashed out at the last-16 stage following a dour 0-0 draw at home in the second leg. Milan led 1-0 from the first leg at the San Siro last month. Spurs would have taken belief from Chelsea's comeback against Borussia Dortmund on Tuesday that they could turn the tie around. But it was a night to forget for Antonio Conte's side. They didn't show the urgency needed to put the visitors under pressure. Milan could easily have made it more comfortable for themselves but for some poor finishing in front of goal and a couple of smart saves from Fraser Forster. Cristian Romero was sent off for Spurs with 15 minutes remaining in north London to make the hosts' task even harder. The Argentine was booked for a second time after a reckless challenge on Theo Hernandez. Romero was the first player Hoddle singled out in his post-match analysis.  Read more... Peter Schmeichel hits back at Jamie Carragher after dressing down [QUOTES] But the pundit also reckons the time has come for Son Heung-min to spend a period on the sidelines. The South Korean star has been in and out of the side of late and has generally performed better as a substitute this season. Hoddle said on BT Sport: "Romero’s got to be looked at. We say it every week, he could be a wonderful defender but time and time again he gets sent off, he gets a second booking - he’s got to play differently then. "That’s just one individual but as a collective, they just weren’t at it tonight, very disappointing, and that is a pattern of Tottenham. "[Son's] playing in chains, he’s played for weeks in chains. He’s not even thinking about what he’s going to do next with the ball, he’s just worried about getting control and not making a mistake.  Don't miss... Souness confronts Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark [REACTION] Casemiro facing Man Utd suspension threat again in blow for Ten Hag [NEWS] Kyle Walker filmed 'kissing woman and flashing while in bar' [REPORT] "He’s scored goals from the bench, he scored three against Leicester - take him out. Actually, take him out for a few weeks and let him come on from the sidelines. That’s just one individual player but it wasn't good enough right the way through the team." Jermaine Jenas was on co-commentary duty and he also hit out at Romero following his dismissal. Jenas said: "It’s a massive flaw to his game. "We spoke about it after 15 minutes [when he received his first booking], I don’t understand why he has to do this all the time. He is such a top, top player, Cristian Romero, and he is so loved at this place. I think he is a brilliant, brilliant defender but this is a part of his game he needs to figure out." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 