Meghan Markle and Prince Harry are "odds-on" to attend King Charles's Coronation taking place on May 6 at Westminster Abbey. This is according to betting company Ladbrokes, which said bookies are placing at 4/5 the presence of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex at King Charles's Coronation. The Sussexes' absence from the London abbey is currently placed at 6/4 among bookies, the organisation said. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Jessica O'Reilly of Ladbrokes said: "The odds suggest that temperatures between the King and Harry are thawing somewhat, and the couple will be in attendance at the historic Coronation." Betting guide OLBG also slashed its odds on the Duke and Duchess attending the Coronation, with bookies placing at 5/4 Harry being at the event against 8/11. Similarly, Meghan's presence is at 5/2 against 1/3. The latest odds come as a new survey suggested one in five Britons would be less likely to watch the Coronation on TV if Meghan and Harry were in attendance. A Censuswide survey carried out for streaming service WatchTVAbroad.com on 2,014 respondents between February 10 and 13 showed that 21 percent of those polled feel Harry and Meghan would dampen their enthusiasm for watching the May 6 event. One in eight of the responders, 12 percent, said the Sussexes' presence at the abbey would make them switch off the broadcasting. In comparison, 29 percent of people across the UK said they'd be more inclined to follow the Coronation if the Duke and Duchess were in attendance. The research suggested men and those aged over 55 are the most adverse categories to the presence of the Sussexes at the Coronation. Nearly a quarter, 24 percent, of the men surveyed viewed negatively Meghan and Harry's appearance at the event, with 13 percent saying they would definitely shun the TV coverage of the Coronation if the Sussexes were among the attendees. In comparison, 18 percent of the women polled said to view negatively the presence of the Sussexes at the abbey and 10 percent said they would avoid the TV coverage if the two royals attended the Coronation. Among the over-55s involved in the survey, 15 percent said they'd refuse to watch the ceremony if Harry and Meghan showed up and 25 percent said the Sussexes' presence would make them less likely to tune in to the broadcast. On the other hand, younger TV viewers are seemingly keener to be happy to see the Sussexes at the Coronation. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan issue new statement defending children's titles Among those polled aged between 18 to 24, 43 percent said they would be more inclined to follow the Coronation on TV if Meghan and Harry were present. The percentage of people with this opinion aged between 25 to 34 was even higher, 47 percent. Finally, the research found that, eight percent of those polled who watched the funeral service of Queen Elizabeth II in September said the Sussexes' attendance at the Coronation would be enough to make them veto the Coronation. Jeff Richey, TV analyst at WatchTVAbroad.com, commented on the research saying: "With less than two months until the King’s Coronation, speculation about the Sussexes’ appearance has so far overshadowed all other build-up. "While the ‘will they, won’t they’ drama is another intriguing chapter in Harry and Meghan’s life outside the Firm, it’s clear that the couple have a real Marmite factor for UK viewers. "This latest research shows that even some dedicated royal watchers will be reaching for the remote if the Duke and Duchess appear on their screens. However, the younger generation are much more sympathetic to the couple, which could be significant as they pursue new media opportunities." Don't miss... King ‘shot himself in foot’ with Archie and Lilibet's title delay [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug'  [ANALYSIS] While Meghan and Harry have confirmed they have received the invite to the Coronation, they have not yet said whether they will travel to the UK in May to attend it. However, Buckingham Palace is making plans for them to be in attendance, according to sources. One told the Daily Mail: "Harry and Meghan are being factored into all of the planning... the cars, the seating plans, dining arrangements, everything. "No one knows for certain whether this means they have definitely accepted – it could, of course, be just in case they do – but it’s clearly not a 'no'. "The staff are certainly working on the expectation they are coming. These kind of arrangements have to be made well in advance."