OnlyFans model turned influencer boxer Elle Brooke has revealed the three fights she wants next. Brooke named YouTuber JustAMinx, MMA fighter Zusje and most ambitiously of all former UFC bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey. The 25-year-old is currently 2-0 in the sport having beaten ex-Love Island contestant AJ Bunker and TikToker Faith Ordway – and is widely considered to be one of the best female fighters in crossover boxing. Fans are clambering for the long-awaited grudge match with OnlyFans rival Astrid Wett. However, Brooke appears to have her eyes set elsewhere. Appearing on the broadcast for Misfits Boxing 5, she gave her case for fights against JustAMinx, Zusje and Rousey. Speaking about JustAMinx first, she said: “There’s good reason for this one. Someone ranked JustAMinx as the No 1 influencer boxer, I think it was the ICU and I’m like ‘hell no, I’m the queen. I will take that from her and prove that I am the best. That’s why she’s on my hitlist.” Brooke then called out her idol Rousey: “So, she’s my idol, I love her, and I think this is a fight that everybody wants to see. You have the Floyd Mayweather exhibitions and everything like that but no one has done Ronda Rousey and I think I can take her on. Not this year, maybe it’s going to be like a KSI and Jake Paul moment, it needs a moment. I need to train.” Broadcaster Wade Plem was also keen on the fight and claims it would be competitive. “You know what? Right now, it’s competitive," he said. "I’ve seen Ronda Rousey throw hands and I’ve seen Elle throw hands. It’s competitive.” MORE BOXING NEWS... Paul breaks silence on vodka company after £207k tattoo vanishes KSI takes fresh swipe at Paul as Fury PPV numbers released Khan torn apart as Froch explains if he'll return against 'Bambi' Rousey reigned supreme as the UFC bantamweight champion for three years and quickly rose to become one of the biggest names in the sport. After losing back-to-back contests to Holly Holm and Amanda Nunes, she retired from MMA and made the transition to WWE but has since stepped away from wrestling to focus on starting a family. Rousey has shown no sign of wishing to return to combat sports but Brooke believes she could be the woman to tempt her back. After the call out, she named her third dream opponent, Zusje, who also has experience in MMA over in Poland with a 2-2 pro record. "Zusje. She is an MMA fighter, she’s big on TikTok, she has 10 million followers and I just want to take that away from her," Brooke added. "So, I just want to reassert my dominance that I think I can take on this woman and that’s exactly what I want to do. I need this, my ego needs this.”