Chinese Foreign Minister Qin Gang warned Tuesday that Beijing and Washington are headed for “conflict and confrontation” if the US doesn’t change course, striking an aggressive tone at a moment when relations between the rivals are at a historic low. In his first news conference since taking office late last year, Qin’s combative language appeared to defy predictions that China might abandon its aggressive “wolf warrior” diplomacy in favour of more moderate rhetoric as the two countries face off over trade and technology, Taiwan, human rights and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. “If the United States does not hit the brake, but continues to speed down the wrong path, no amount of guardrails can prevent derailing and there surely will be conflict and confrontation,” said Qin, whose new position is junior to the Communist Party’s senior foreign policy official, Wang Yi. “Such competition is a reckless gamble, with the stakes being the fundamental interests of the two peoples and even the future of humanity.” Qin’s comments echoed remarks made by leader Xi Jinping in a speech Monday to legislators. “Western countries led by the United States have implemented all-round containment, blockade and suppression of China, which has brought unprecedented grave challenges to our nation’s development,” Xi was quoted as saying by the official Xinhua News Agency. READ MORE: US must 'step up' its game as China 'preparing fight' over Taiwan, military analyst warns In the face of that, China must “remain calm, maintain concentration, strive for progress while maintaining stability, take active actions, unite as one, and dare to fight,” he said. US officials have grown increasingly worried about China’s expansive political and economic goals and the spectre of war over Taiwan — and many officials in Washington have called for the US to make a bigger effort to counter Chinese influence abroad. In recent weeks, concerns about Chinese spying on the US and Beijing’s influence campaigns there have drawn particular concern, and officials from the two countries have frequently traded accusations. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken canceled a planned visit to Beijing after Washington shot down a suspected Chinese spy balloon that flew over American territory. DON'T MISSHorrifying moment tourists in Mexico are 'dragged' into van [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's Coronation invite may be their 'last' [LATEST]Mother wipes out family in horrific murder-suicide [REPORT] The massive balloon and its payload, including electronics and optics, have been recovered from the ocean floor and are being analysed by the FBI. The growing prospect of a "proxy war" between China and the US over Taiwan is exercising the minds of military analysts, such as Rebekah Koffler. Speaking to Express.co.uk, Koffler did not rule out the possibility of this happening during Biden's presidency. "China’s plan is to establish control, including by military means, over Taiwan no later than 2049 and more likely around 2024-2027 timeframe," Rebekah Koffler, a former Defense Intelligence Agency officer said. READ MORE: Ben Wallace ready to pull the trigger on new UK spy balloon fleet According to Koffler ,three forces could speed up China's timeline - its increasing modernisation of its military capabilities, escalating tensions with the US over the downing of its suspected spy balloon and the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Qin — who briefly served as ambassador to Washington and gained a reputation for his cutting condemnations of China’s critics when he was Foreign Ministry spokesman — touched on all these topics on Tuesday. He criticised Washington for shooting down the balloon, repeating claims that its appearance in US skies was an accident. “In this case the United States’ perception and views of China are seriously distorted. It regards China as its primary rival and the most consequential geopolitical challenge,” Qin said. “This is like the first button in a shirt being put wrong and the result is that the U.S.-China policy has entirely deviated from the rational and sound track.” On Taiwan, Qin called the issue the first red line that must not be crossed. China and Taiwan split amid civil war in 1949. While the US does not advocate for either unification or Taiwan’s formal independence, Washington is obligated by federal law to see that the island has the means to defend itself if attacked, a policy known as "strategic ambiguity". “Why does the U.S. ask China not to provide weapons to Russia, while it keeps selling arms to Taiwan?” Qin asked.