A trend-setting mother has revealed that she'd like to give her baby boy a girl's name. She explained that many traditional boy names are now being used for girls, and that this could be reversed. Posting to Reddit's 'Name Nerds' forum, the social media user elaborated on why she would consider calling her son Elizabeth. She said: "A lot of names for boys are becoming names for girls. I think it's time to make our move, and make some girl names, boy names." The mum added: "Elizabeth probably is impossible aim. Are there any girls names that can be made masculine, not unisex? "If not I probably will name my son Niklaus or Nathaniel. Really is there a possibility to name son (sic) Elizabeth without him hating it?" The suggestion that she might give her son a traditional girl's name was met with mixed responses in the Reddit thread. One user simply said: "Please don't." Another person in the replies added: "I absolutely do NOT recommend naming a boy Elizabeth, but in a theoretical way I can sort of picture a boy named Liz." A third continued: "I think this one is a hard sell I agree with the others, and would say no. My reasoning for being anti Elizabeth for a boy though is that it is a very common woman's name that's been used for a long time." READ MORE: Mum hit with fine for claiming free prescriptions without document The mother responded: "Thank you, for replying. I totally agree that it's unfortunate that it's less acceptable to have 'girly' names on guys, than the reverse, so I wanted to try to change it. "However, I understand that my son would hate it. Thus, I thought it's better to ask advice and alternatives." Meanwhile, someone suggested: "Ellis is a boys name. It's Welsh in origin. I've met several." The mum responded: "Nice idea and it sounds great. Thank you." The top boy names in 2022 were Liam followed by Noah, Oliver, Elijah, Mateo, Lucas, Levi, Asher, James and Leo. DON'T MISSHospital ban on gas and air for mums in labour [INSIGHT]Pregnant Princess Eugenie shows off blooming baby bump on night out [ANALYSIS]Danny Dyer 'starstruck' by pregnant daughter's footballer boyfriend [INSIGHT]