YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul is reportedly planning to fight boxing legend Floyd Mayweather next, instead of having a rematch with Tommy Fury. Paul has a 6-1 record as a professional boxer, with Fury handing him his sole defeat via split decision at an event in Saudi Arabia last month. Following the defeat, Paul confirmed plans to exercise his rematch clause."We can run it back," he said. "I think we deserve that rematch. All respect to Tommy, he won. Don't judge me by my wins, judge me by my losses." Fury also verbally agreed to a rematch, saying: "I will come back bigger and better and stronger. If he wants the rematch he can bring it on." However, fellow YouTuber Keemstar has claimed Paul is instead planning to fight Mayweather before having a rematch against Fury. JUST IN: Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk date set as undisputed bout rescued late He tweeted: "My sources are telling me Jake Paul is planning this in the this order. Jake Paul vs Floyd Mayweather, Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury 2, Jake Paul vs KSI". It comes after Paul and Mayweather were involved in an altercation in Miami, with the YouTube star claiming Mayweather tried to "ambush" him with a team of "50 dudes". Footage emerged of a confrontation between the pair, who exchanged words before Paul ultimately fled. Paul later spoke out about the incident before challenging Mayweather to a fight, saying: "So I'm leaving the Miami Heat game and Floyd Mayweather and 50 dudes pull up out of nowhere, out of like some side alley, waiting for me outside the stadium, and they're like, 'So what's up? what's all that talk now?' Don't miss... Fury sent telling advice by dad John on Usyk negotiations  [LATEST] Ex-Joshua trainer lifts lid on serious training camp issues for Usyk  [LATEST] Eddie Hearn breaks silence on poor Anthony Joshua ticket sales  [LATEST] He also tweeted: "Floyd will not see me 1 on 1 in a real fight. That's a fact. His team has hit my team numerous times to do one of his 'exhibitions'. Now he ambushes me. Come see me in the ring, real fight, no exhibition robbing fans bulls***."