The head of the Bank of England Andrew Bailey has warned that there is “no easy way out” of the UK’s cost of living crisis and further interest rate rises to combat inflation may be needed. Mr Bailey addressed concerns about the Bank of England's 10 consecutive Base Rate increases in the past year, as the central bank tries to slow the rate of inflation in the UK. He said: “First, with the external shocks that have hit the economy, there is no easy way out. People on lower incomes are struggling to make ends meet. "We must ensure that the situation does not get worse through homemade inflation taking hold. “The UK labour market remains very tight. Since the start of the Covid pandemic, we have seen a large increase in the number of people who do not take part in the labour market in this country. The UK labour force has shrunk. “While not the focus of my remarks today, this feature of the UK labour market is an important backdrop to our monetary policy decisions. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance He said: “First, with the external shocks that have hit the economy, there is no easy way out. People on lower incomes are struggling to make ends meet. We must ensure that the situation does not get worse through homemade inflation taking hold. “The UK labour market remains very tight. Since the start of the Covid pandemic, we have seen a large increase in the number of people who do not take part in the labour market in this country. The UK labour force has shrunk. “While not the focus of my remarks today, this feature of the UK labour market is an important backdrop to our monetary policy decisions.  “And if we do too little with interest rates now, we will only have to do more later on. The experience of the 1970s taught us that important lesson.” Over the past year, the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) has raised the nation’s base ten consecutive times. Now sitting at four percent, the base rate is the amount at which the central bank charges financial institutions for borrowing. Having recently hit its highest rate in 14 years, the latest Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for January 2023 dipped slightly to 10.1 percent. Mr Bailey added: “Inflation has been slightly weaker, and activity and wages slightly stronger, though I would emphasise ‘slightly’ in both cases. A further set of data will be coming in before our next monetary policy decision later this month. “At this stage, I would caution against suggesting either that we are done with increasing Bank Rate, or that we will inevitably need to do more. “Some further increase in Bank Rate may turn out to be appropriate, but nothing is decided. The incoming data will add to the overall picture of the economy and the outlook for inflation, and that will inform our policy decisions.” READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing During his speech, Mr Bailey emphasised the impact of the coronavirus pandemic, the change in the relationship between the UK and European Union post-Brexit and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine as reasons for why the country is experiencing multiple “economic shocks”. Putin’s war in Ukraine was particularly highlighted for contributing to the global hike in energy prices which has resulted in the average household seeing a 27 percent rise in their bills. A consequence of these factors means that Britain has been left a “poorer country”, according to the Bank of England head. He highlighted that the drop in national real income has exacerbated the increase in the prices of goods and services. Putin’s war in Ukraine was particularly highlighted for contributing to the global hike in energy prices which has resulted in the average household seeing a 27 percent rise in their bills.  Despite still being extremely high, inflation has dropped for three consecutive months after reaching a 41-year high and exceeding 11 percent. While this may be a sign of economic improvement, Mr Bailey has noted that further interest rate increases may be “appropriate” in the foreseeable future. The central bank’s MPC is next set to announce any changes to the base rate on Thursday, March 23, 2023. The Office for National Statistics (ONS) will confirm the CPI inflation rate for February on March 22, 2023.