The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) today confirmed a proposal to expand pension saving to larger numbers of Britons. The Government has backed a bill which proposes to expand Automatic Enrolment, commonly known as auto-enrolment to more people. At present, all employers must provide a workplace pension scheme, but will only need to enrol their members if they meet all of the following criteria: However, a Private Members Bill, backed by the Government, has called for two extensions to auto-enrolment. It would abolish the Lower Earnings Limit for contributions and reduce the age for being automatically enrolled to 18. As a result, millions more people would become eligible for a workplace pension to help them save towards retirement. READ MORE: WASPI women hit out at ‘losing £50,000’ Laura Trott, minister for pensions, said: “We know that these widely supported measures will make a meaningful difference to people’s pension saving over the years ahead. “Doing this will see the Government deliver on our commitment to help grow the economy and support the hard-working people of this country. “This is particularly the case for groups such as women, young people and lower earners who have historically found it harder to save for retirement.” It is thought lowering the eligibility age from 22 to 18 will make saving the norm for young adults. DON'T MISSGood news for savers as bank offers ‘top-up’ interest rate [LATEST]Pension tax move could help you boost your retirement fund [UPDATE]‘Savvy’ Britons could boost state pension by valuable £275 [ANALYSIS] This move could provide some Britons with the chance to begin saving from the start of their working lives. The bill has also made provision for the removal of the Lower Earnings Limit, which could transform the auto-enrolment process. Such a decision would support those with low earnings and multiple jobs, who may have not previously been eligible for a workplace pension. Jonathan Gullis MP, added: “Auto-enrolment of pensions will benefit scores of young people in all four corners of the country, which is why I am delighted that minister for pensions Laura Trott is supportive of the bill. READ MORE: State pensioners set to receive £300 cost of living payment “With all the evidence of the huge positive impact it can have, it is a no-brainer that we now need to extend auto-enrolment to those aged 18 and above. “I am confident this Bill will make a huge difference to people from Kidsgrove to Consett.” However, it is worth noting the provisions in this Bill will not result in any immediate change. Instead, the Bill will provide the Secretary of State powers to amend the age limit and the lower qualifying earnings limit for auto-enrolment. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea The Bill will be consulted on, and the outcome reported before these powers are used. Kate Smith, head of pensions at Aegon, welcomed the news, stating: “It’s fantastic news that the Government has confirmed its support for enhancements to auto-enrolment, originally put forward back in 2017. The next step is to agree a timetable for implementing these enhancements. “With the next General Election to take place no later than January 2025, we urge the Government to start phasing this in from April 2024. “Basing contributions from the first pound of earnings rather than on a band above £6240 will mean contributions from both individuals and employers increase. Employees pay five percent so this equates to £312 a year, but after tax relief, this is just over £20 a month. But with employer contributions, this will be boosted to £499 a year extra. “To avoid an overnight change, it will be important to introduce this gradually over a number of years, particularly as we emerge from the current cost of living crisis. Otherwise, someone earning £12,480 would see their contributions double overnight.”