Another brand new episode of Party Down is coming to Starz on Friday after Henry Pollard (played by Adam Scott), Ron Donald (Ken Marino) and the rest of the team reunited for a long-awaited third season. Express.co.uk recently had the chance to exclusively talk to newcomers Zoë Chao and Tyrel Jackson Williams about joining the cast on their second go-round. Chao and Williams revealed they were rather daunted to join Party Down’s 13-years-in-the-making revival. The series follows a group of aspiring stars who work at a struggling catering company and often cause more harm than good at the events they attend in each episode. After just two seasons, the original show came to an end, partly due to lead actors Scott and Jane Lynch finding success on Parks and Recreation and Glee, respectively. “I watched the show a couple of years after it came out while I was working in the restaurant business,” Chao revealed. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 “[I was] having a parallel journey. My partner has watched the show six times each season, so I’m very familiar with the dedicated fanbase. “Tyrel and I really bonded over how intimidated we were by joining season three.” Despite its cancellation, the first two seasons of Party Down have become a cult favourite amongst comedy fans. Also featuring Martin Starr, Lizzy Caplan and Ryan Hansen, Chao was already well-equipped with her years of hospitality experience to portray the team’s new chef, Lucy. Meanwhile, Jackson joins the crew on the ground as Sackson, a young server who has dreams of becoming a social media influencer. Sackson made his first appearance in the season opener last week, while Lucy will be introduced in Jack Botty's Delayed Post-Pandemic Surprise Party this Friday. “It was definitely intimidating,” Jackson confirmed. “I was very, very aware of the show before starting. “But I had never seen it. I was aware of it because so many people were recommending it to me saying it’s one of the greatest TV comedies ever. “So I was becoming a fan of it while [being] a part of it, which may not have been my smartest decision. Because it just made every day scarier.” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA’s Daniela Ruah leaves fans in tears with Kensi farewell [TRIBUTE]Tammy Slaton has 1000lb Sisters fans gobsmacked with weight loss [VIDEO]The Masked Singer fans convinced California Roll is not Pentatonix [THEORY] Thankfully, the entire returning cast made sure their new co-stars felt as welcomed as possible during the first days on set. They also had time for a sweet reunion as much of the cast haven’t worked together for several years. Jackson recalled: “It was very sweet. It was like a group of college friends coming together and seeing each other for the first time. “My first day of shooting was the first day of shooting, the first day of production. So I was being introduced to everyone as they were in this really emotional reunion. “Which was really great and sweet to see, but it also felt like being the third wheel to a bunch of people coming back together again. So it was nerve-racking.” Chao added: “A couple of weeks into my tenure Martin Starr was like, ‘Remember your first day at work? You were really nervous.’ “I was like, ‘Thank you, Martin, thank you’. But he’s now become one of my closest friends. “But it’s tough love, you know. And they all really welcomed us and we felt like we were adopted into the family really quickly.” Starr and Hansen are hopeful Party Down isn’t going anyway now it’s finally returned, so hopefully Jackson and Chao return for more antics in seasons four and five. Party Down season 3 continues Fridays on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.