The travel experts at Bounce found the best destinations for a family holiday in the UK. The winning staycation spots were chosen due to the number of family attractions, restaurants, weather and prices on offer. READ MORE: 'Little gem' crowned Britain's best beach for staycations Edinburgh topped the rankings as the UK’s best family-friendly destination for a staycation in 2023. Over 12 percent of the city’s attractions were described as good for kids and the city also ranks highly on safety. A Tripadvisor spokesperson said: “A city jam-packed with culture going on around the clock. Scotland’s capital city, Edinburgh is renowned for its heritage, culture and festivals. “Take a long walk around the centre to explore the World Heritage Sites of the Old Town and New Town, as well as all the area’s museums and galleries.” Arthur’s Seat is the Scottish capital’s top rated attraction on Tripadvisor. The ancient volcano offers panoramic views of the city. Just a short walk from Edinburgh’s Royal Mile, it takes around two hours to climb Arthur’s Seat but the low-level route is suitable for older children. The National Museum of Scotland was the second best-rated spot and covers a huge range of subjects from science to art and Scottish history. Children will also love the city’s Royal Botanic Garden which has an incredible collection of fauna from all over the world. READ MORE: Ibiza put on dengue fever alert after tourists fall ill Cambridge, one of England’s most famous university cities, took the second spot in the rankings. Although under four percent of the city’s attractions were rated family-friendly, the city scored well when it came to safety. Some of the city’s museums might be a little too grown-up for children, but families could enjoy a punt on the river. The boats are considered to be very sturdy and should be fine for children as long as they are seated between adults. Bristol took third place in the rankings and children will love exploring Brunel’s SS Great Britain. Tourists can take a step back in time on the ship and find out exactly what life was like for its Victorian passengers and crew. London, Liverpool and York took the next spots on the list while Glasgow and Salisbury also made the top 10. The last destinations on the list were Brighton and Belfast which both have a range of activities suitable for children.