Jurors "read right through" Alex Murdaugh as he could turn crying "on and off", a member of the jury has claimed. The high-profile South Carolina lawyer was convicted of killing his wife and son last week.  A Colleton County jury returned its verdict after deliberating for just 45 minutes following a trial which has sparked documentaries by Netflix and HBO. Three members of the jury have since spoken out about the trial, taking aim at Murdaugh the emotion he displayed. Juror Gwen Generette claimed the 54-year-old's feelings were not "genuine". She told NBC's Today programme: "No, I didn't think he was crying." Generette added: "He turned it on and off. It wasn't genuine." Generette was joined by fellow jurors Amie Williams and James McDowell. The trio revealed a video filmed at the scene of the double-shooting "sealed the deal" for Murdaugh's conviction. Prosecutors pointed to a Snapchat video which showed Paul Murdaugh's filming the dog kennels on the family property. The father-of-two, one of whom was killed, could be heard yelling at one of the dogs minutes before the time of the murders. Williams also claimed: "The witness testimony was very believable, and the kennel video definitely played a major part." McDowell added: "He's able to be emotional with cases, he's able to be emotional with himself ... I think we were able to read right through that." The trio also alleged Murdaugh's motive for the murders was down to multiple factors, including suspected financial crimes. Generette said: "He wanted to have control of everything — his wife owned the majority of the things that they owned — so I'm thinking it was more like greed and being in control." DON'T MISS:Tories’ last chance to boost business [COMMENT]Boris's former chief whip claims he can convince ex-PM to back Sunak [INTERVIEW]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s C2oronation [LIVE BLOG] Murdaugh claimed he did not kill his wife Maggie or son Paul. He showed several displays of emotion during the trial, shedding tears when he described how he found his wife and son dead. However, following the jury's verdict, the wealthy South Carolinian lawyer stood still with his occasionally blinking eyes glued to one spot. Murdaugh is now in the custody of the South Carolina Department of Corrections. He was sentenced to two consecutive life sentences for the murders of his wife and son, despite his continued claims that he is innocent. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews