As the Energy Security Secretary set out at Chatham House last week – our overriding mission is for the UK to have amongst the cheapest wholesale electricity prices in Europe. We will do this by making the most of our position as world-leaders in renewables and nuclear technology as well as our vital oil and gas sector. This will ensure we can increase our energy independence and power Britain from Britain. It will help us bring industries back to our own shores and unlock growth and jobs. Our geography has blessed us with domestic oil and gas in the North Sea and now gives us the opportunity to capture the wind power that is so plentiful there. Just last year, the UK generated a record amount of electricity from wind on ocean and land alike - enough to power over 18 million homes for a year. In the same way we have protected households by paying half of their energy bills this winter, in the longer term our plan to accelerate home-grown production will shield the UK, and Express readers, from volatile global fossil fuel markets. Through strong regulation we will make sure that energy suppliers pass lower prices on to consumers as soon as they receive them. Falling wholesale prices should reach customers’ bills – no ifs, buts or maybes. Alongside this, it is clear there has never been a more important time to strengthen international connections on energy. Offshore wind is a global exemplar of this – a major British success story, with both Norwegian and Danish industry amongst our biggest overseas investors. I met our neighbours in Denmark on a visit to Esbjerg when I was Trade Minister and have seen our shared potential for home-grown energy firsthand. As well as wind and oil and gas, the North Sea also provides us with CO2 storage which will unleash a new industry to store carbon deep under the seabed, protecting existing and creating new jobs. We are reforming our planning systems so we can quickly capture more wind power in the North Sea – enough for every home in the UK by 2030. This will be great for bill payers, for the planet, but also for our economy. From offshore wind engineers, to solar panel sales advisers and electric vehicle designers, green growth has provided 68,000 green jobs since late 2020 and attracted £24 billion in new investment in 2021 alone. I know Express readers will continue to be concerned about energy bills as a result of Putin’s weaponisation of energy– but rest assured, the overriding mission for the new Department for Energy Security and Net Zero is to make us energy secure once again and do it by giving the UK amongst the cheapest wholesale electricity prices in Europe.