Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta has given a positive update on the fitness of Gabriel Jesus ahead of Saturday's match against Bournemouth. He insists the Brazil striker is not far away from a return to match action. Jesus has been on the sidelines since injuring his knee at the World Cup in Qatar in December. He has been pictured out on the grass at London Colney but is yet to take part in full-contact training. Arsenal have a busy schedule coming up, with the first leg of the Europa League tie against Sporting Lisbon in midweek after Saturday's game at Bournemouth. The visit of the Cherries comes too soon for Jesus but Arteta gave a positive update. Speaking at his press conference on Friday, Arteta said: "He’s not far now. I don’t want to give a timeline but he’s doing certain things with the team and certain things outside the team. READ MORE: Man Utd star Greenwood may play again this season as Red Devils 'receive offers'  "He’s not very close but he’s not very far. The doctors are feeling confident with how he’s evolving "It’s been pretty straightforward. At the beginning we were pretty concerned with the possible extent of the injury because we were talking about a few injuries there, and thankfully it wasn’t that bad. "But it's been a long-term injury, it required surgery, it was not pleasing, especially the first few weeks. But knowing Gabi has been through that before, his mentality is incredible and the team has done a really good job with him to put him in the position he is in today." Arteta wasn't prepared to give an exact timeframe for when Jesus will be back but says that will be clearer inside the next week. He added: "We don't know. DON'T MISSLiverpool star Firmino 'to leave at end of season' after Klopp meetingDe Jong 'makes feelings clear' on ditching Barcelona for Man Utd due to CasemiroChelsea target Enrique has already hinted he may have issue blocking him from job  "We're saying it's not far away but obviously he needs to do much more with the team. Let's see how the next week to 10 days develop and we'll have a much better picture." Arsenal have done well in Jesus' absence and still sit top of the Premier League table. Arteta says it would be unfair to say the 25-year-old wouldn't deserve to start if he was fit against Bournemouth. However, he admitted he must fight for his spot when he is back. Arteta said: "That probably wouldn't be fair on him as he was starting every single game. What he produced for the team was phenomenal. "It's true now that we need to see when he gets back, at what level he gets back, how we're going to fit him in, how we're going to load him with minutes and in which games. And then like everybody else he will have to earn his place but we know what Gabi can bring to the team, that's for sure."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here