Sarah Everard "could have been saved" had a flashing incident involving murderer and rapist Wayne Couzens in 2020 been taken more seriously at the time, the victim has said. In a statement released today, the victim added: "The indecent exposure incident was reported on the Sunday. I had no one contact me or ask for a statement. "It was only after Sarah's murder that I became involved. If he had been accountable when we had reported the crime, we could have saved Sarah." Former Metropolitan Police officer Couzens has been jailed for a further 19 months and two concurrent six months after admitting to the indecent exposure. The convicted murderer is currently serving a life sentence for the kidnap, rape and murder of Ms Everard. Couzens appeared via video link at the Old Bailey after admitting three counts of exposing himself, one of which was committed just days before he killed Ms Everard. The incidents took place in woodland and at a fast food restaurant in Kent between November 2020 and February 2021. On November 13 2020, he stepped out of a woodland in Deal, Kent, naked and masturbated as a woman cycled past. A few months later, on different occasions on February 14 and 27 2021, Couzens exposed his genitals to staff at a drive-thru of the fast-food restaurant. He sat in his car and looked straight at them as he showed his erect penis while paying for his food. Couzens also denied a further three counts which are expected to be left on file. The victim who was subjected to Couzen's indecent exposure while on her bike described how the incident has impacted her since. She said: "I remember vividly being concerned that somebody who could expose themselves to a stranger in such an intimidating way could go on to commit much more serious acts. This is what happened." She told Couzens: "Four months after you exposed yourself to me, you raped and murdered an innocent woman. "There were opportunities to identify you and they were not taken. I did not feel that, when I reported your crime, it was taken as seriously as I felt that it should have been. "The horror of what happened will remain with me for the rest of my life." Prosecutor Tom Little KC said Couzens stood completely naked in front of the female cyclist on Ringwould Road near Dover when the incident took place in November 2020. He said: "As a result, she contacted the police again. She felt instant shock at seeing the picture and said she was 90 percent sure it was him who masturbated in front of her." Referring to the victim, Mr Little added: "She felt she had no choice but to continue cycling along that country lane. "There were no words exchanged between them. She had a clear view of him and clearly remembered what he looked like." The cyclist later recognised Couzens in pictures after he was arrested over the disappearance of Ms Everard. Mr Little continued: "Further inquiries have confirmed that the defendant was due to be working from home in Deal on 13 November 2020 between 8am and 4pm. It follows that he was on duty at the time of the offence but was not at home." The court also heard that, on March 25 2022, Couzens was interviewed about the incident and replied: "No comment." Couzens then went on to expose his genitals to staff at a drive-through fast food restaurant in Kent just a few months later. The female staff affected said they were left "shaken, upset and angry".  Staff then took his registration number and identified Couzens' car – a black Seat – from CCTV. A month after this incident, Couzens went on to kidnap, rape and murder Ms Everard as she walked home in south London. Couzens had previously denied three other indecent exposure allegations in June 2015, one between January 22 and February 1 2021, and one between January 30 and February 6 2021. In March 2021, Couzens stopped marketing executive Ms Everard as she was walking home from a friend's house in Clapham, south London. The culture within the Met has come under intense criticism following the crimes of Couzens and also former officer David Carrick, who was jailed for life after raping 12 women over a 17-year period. 