Police have confirmed that a woman's body found in woodland in Sussex is Laurel Aldridge, the missing sister-in-law of Mackenzie Crook. The 62-year-old was last seen leaving her home in Walberton, near Arundel, West Sussex, on February 14. After an extensive search lasting 11 days, police said a body was found in the Tortington Lane area of Arundel. Formal identification has now taken place, Sussex Police has confirmed. Her family said in a statement: "We will miss her every day, but we are so proud of everything she achieved in her 62 years on this earth. READ MORE:Piers Morgan mocks Harry and Meghan for 'playing victim' over Frogmore "Laurel was a wonderful, creative, fiercely-intelligent person, who taught us all the meaning of empathy, dependability, and love. "We as a family are broken by what has happened, but we have each other, we have our friends, and we have the support of the local community, who have so kindly rallied around us during this difficult time. "We will never forget what you have done for us." Mackenzie Crook, who has also starred in Pirates of the Caribbean and Game of Thrones, had joined Laurel's three children to search the local area. He launched a public appeal asking for information and described it as a "desperate situation". Speaking to ITV News, Mackenzie explained that Laurel had recently been diagnosed with cancer and had undergone chemotherapy. He said: "We know she is having a really tough time of it, and we imagine it's overwhelmed her, and that's why she has gone." Her son, Matthew, also said that the ordeal had been "like a nightmare". DON'T MISSPhillip Schofield enrages Billie Faiers by being ‘b****y to her'[LATEST]BBC Radio 2’s Zoe Ball thought Ken Bruce 'nearly ran her over on bike'[LATEST]Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable[PICTURES] He said, as reported by BBC, that he believes the chemotherapy could have been the reason for her disappearance. It also "added to the urgency" of the search. He said: "We think that having chemotherapy is a huge stress and this might have triggered a lapse in her mental health."