Piers Morgan, 57, and Dan Walker, 45, have reignited their feud after the former BBC Breakfast presenter took a swipe at the TalkTV host at the RTS Awards. The ex-Good Morning Britain host caught wind of his rival's remark, branding him "bitter". Dan, who is recovering from a horror bike accident, took to the stage on Wednesday night at the RTS Awards and took aim at Piers. The broadcaster, who left GMB after walking off set when weather presenter Alex Beresford’s criticised his comments about Meghan Markle, has now moved on to present an evening show on TalkTV. Dan said: “I’ve lost all my inhibitions. It could be a fun night everybody, ok. I’d like to apologise in advance for anything that I might say that is near the knuckle. "My idea of where the knuckle is has completely changed within the last ten days." READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly apologises for 'damage inflicted' in cleavage slip up He went on: “To give you an idea of my mental state, let me put it this way: if a weather presenter were to question me in any way, shape, or form, I’m liable to storm off stage in an enormous huff. "I might even go as far as to start a new TV channel based entirely on my ego, which no one will watch.” Piers took to Twitter and retweeted an article which detailed Dan's on-stage jibe. The article read: "Last night: Jeremy Paxman warns of f**k all budget reporting, drug-assisted @mrdanwalker ribs @piersmorgan and head of Sky News John Ryley declares: 'Change is good. Innovate or die' #RTSAwards."  The TalkTV host didn't hold back as he told his 8.4 million followers: "[Laughing emoji] If I were Dan Walker, and I’d been kicked off Match of the Day [and] BBC Breakfast, then washed up on Channel 5 daytime, and only got press these days by falling off a bike, getting a few grazes, and milking it like I’d survived a terror attack, I’d be this bitter too." His comments come after Dan was left battered and bruised after colliding with a car while on his bike. Piers' remarks sparked a divide as some people rushed to defend Dan. Twitter user, Joon penned: "Nasty... he is lovely." Ryan tweeted: "Damn Piers have mercy on the man!" Others defended Piers, as Tobias wrote: "Facts Piers! Oh, the snowflakes in these replies have made my day lol."(sic) Mark added: "Hahahahaa this is a pretty good put-down, to be fair." Dan is yet to respond to Piers' swipe as he took to the micro-blogging site and announced some big news. ITN Productions announced that the 5 News presenter will be fronting a new series of Vanished. The message read: "Very pleased to announce a new series hosted by @mrdanwalker - #Vanished will focus on people who have gone missing across the UK. "Coming soon to @channel5_tv." Dan captioned the post: "Brilliant to work with @ITNProductions again."