Criminal smuggling gangs are using social media site TikTok to advertise expensive Channel crossings via speedboat. For £7,000, they claim around a dozen migrants can illegally cross from France to England — with an advertised journey time of only 45 minutes. It comes as Rishi Sunak is set to secure a deal with French President Emmanuel Macron to strengthen patrols on French Beaches. The Daily Express revealed yesterday the PM had won Mr Macron over, securing greater cooperation surrounding illegal migration. However, Britain must pay millions of pounds to guarantee French support. He is tipped to announce a new agreement with the French President to put more "boots on the ground" around sites near border crossing points. The TikTok advert, found by The Sun, shows a boat racing towards the shore with passengers jumping into the sea, with giant advertisement text over the top. READ MORE: Couple thought they won £182m EuroMillions but then found ticket error It has reportedly circulated among Albanian social media users on the platform, although it has since become unavailable. Before it was removed, the advert translated into English: "ROUTE TO ENGLAND DEPARTURE FROM FRANCE TRAVEL TIME 45 MINUTES PRICE 7000 POUND THOSE INTERESTED DM (Direct Message)". Overall, 45,755 asylum seekers crossed the channel in small boats last year. Nearly half of those traveling were from Albania and Afghanistan. The PM this week announced his Illegal Migration Bill, aiming to stop migrant crossings by denying migrants asylum or stay in the UK if they arrive illegally. Don't miss... 'I spent £53 at Jeremy Clarkson's Farm Shop but left with very little' [LATEST] British Army told to stop giving out ceremonial daggers after murder [LATEST] Foul-mouthed pub parrot banned from watching TV after dropping F-bomb [LATEST] On Wednesday, he said: "Stopping the boats is not just my priority, it is the people’s priority. Alp Mehmet, chairman of Migration Watch UK, told The Sun: “The actions of these people smugglers just show what the government is up against." In the past, the Government has spoken out against these kinds of social media posts. A Government spokesperson said: "Posts promoting illegal routes to the UK are putting vulnerable people’s lives at risk and funding vile criminal gangs.  "Social media companies, such as TikTok, have a responsibility to pull down posts and stop content that promotes illegal and criminal activity. "The Illegal Migration Bill will change the law so that people who come to the UK illegally can be detained and then swiftly returned to a safe third country or their home country." Tory MP Scott Brenton described the adverts as an "appalling racket" and noted the gangs operating the boats are "obviously keen to evade authorities". He said the Border Force and the British joint operation with France "need to up its game and stay one step ahead". He added: "The authorities need to be alert to this new threat and dismantle the deplorable gangs who are behind it."