Yesterday, March 1, marked the first “new reg plate day” of 2023, with all newly registered cars now donning the “23” indicator after September 2022’s “72” marker. Almost all number plates must adhere to a number of specifications and requirements to be allowed on the road. In recent years, all registration plates must be “BS AU 145e” grade, which meets the new British Standard for Retroreflective Number Plates. The plates are made from a stronger material, making them tougher and able to withstand damage and abrasion. This change was designed to make it easier for Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras to read the plate. If number plates are not displayed properly, including being obscured or dirty, motorists are breaking driving laws and could be fined. READ MORE: Huge new number plate changes to be introduced tomorrow In this scenario, the police can dish out fines of up to £1,000 and they could even be seized. Similarly, a driver will fail their MOT test if the number plates don’t meet the minimum legal standards. Andy Moody, founder and managing director of GoShorty, urged drivers to ensure they are fully protected when buying a new car or they could risk major problems. He said: “Gone are the days of going under the driving radar, with police using ANPR camera software to check a car’s insurance status on the Motor Insurance Database (MID) in seconds, plus over seven million CCTV cameras in the UK and the DVLA’s owner register. DON'T MISSULEZ scrappage scheme needs reforms to protect at-risk drivers [INSIGHT]Urgent warning as 'crash for cash' fraud rates spike [WARNING]'Annoying' neighbours hogging street parking sparks driver debate [SHOCKING] “It’s really easy to get caught before you’ve sorted out your long-term insurance policy.” There are an estimated one million drivers who are uninsured on the road in the UK, accounting for over 25,000 injuries per year. Shockingly, this is the equivalent of one person being injured every 20 minutes. Mr Moody urged drivers to avoid doing that, saying: “Don’t be that driver! READ MORE: Drivers warned of 400,000 extra 'unsafe' cars on the road in March “Enjoy the day and your new wheels by purchasing short-term car insurance and drive into ‘23 feeling confident you’re covered. “Picking up a new car should be a positive experience and an exciting moment.” When buying a new car, Mr Moody said it should not be tainted by an error that could leave them with a number of consequences. It is illegal to drive a vehicle on a road or in a public place without at least third-party insurance. Even if the vehicle itself is insured, if the driver is not correctly insured to drive it they could get penalised. The police can dish out fixed penalty notices of £300 and six penalty points on driving licences. In the event that the case goes to court, motorists could receive an unlimited fine and may even be disqualified from driving. The police also have the power to seize, and in some cases, destroy the vehicle that’s being driven uninsured.