With spring just around the corner and summer only four months away, Britons are excitedly getting their gardens ready for the warmer months. Whether it’s a large landscaped garden, a balcony garden or a patio, there’s plenty that can be done in the run-up to summer. For those searching for patio garden inspiration, home and garden experts at retailer Next have partnered with the garden designer, Fran Lawton at Lotus Design, who has shared how to transform a patio garden using plants.  Fran said: “In the last few years, we have spent more time at home and in the garden. “The garden has become an extension of our living space, essentially an outdoor second living room.” Not all plants thrive in patio gardens but there are some which suit being potted up and kept on a paved area. After a dark, cold winter, spring is the perfect time to start injecting some colour, texture and depth into patio gardens. READ MORE: ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert Fran has shared the six plants that thrive in a patio garden: Helleborus x Orientalis, also known as a hybrid Lenten rose, is a semi-evergreen perennial with dark leaves and beautiful flowers that come in pink, yellow, purple and green. Fran said: “This early riser is always a pleasure to see in late winter or early spring. “With a variety of colours, from white, pink, purple, red and black. “From singles to doubles, with spots and freckles, it is always beautiful and flowers for a long time. Don't miss... Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [LATEST] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] Monty Don shares gardening job ‘not’ to do in March - leave until June [ANALYSIS] “The evergreen leaves give year-round interest. To fully appreciate the flowers, cut the leaves right back as soon as the buds show.” Snowdrops are beautiful perennial plants with dark green leaves and fragrant white flowers. Even in cold conditions like snow, these plants will flower and produce pretty bell-like flowers. Snowdrops like partial shade and are happy in a south-facing, north-facing, west-facing and east-facing position. Fran added: “I like to plant Hellebores with snowdrops or white dwarf narcissus to create a spring symphony.” READ MORE: Five gardening jobs to do in March - including essential daffodil task Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Also known as Chaenomeles Speciosa Moerloosei, these plants are beautiful shrubs that produce large white flowers that have a pink hue. Fran said: “If you’re lucky enough to have a walled patio garden, Chaenomeles is a great wall shrub. “It can be trained and shaped to create a beautiful walled tapestry. “With tight salmon pink buds that burst open with gentle snowy flowers in the spring, this Japanese quince has further surprises in the autumn in the shape of round golden quinces that the birds will love.” Big blue lilyturf is also known as Liriope Muscari and is known for its violet flowers. The plants have leathery, dark green leaves and produce berries in autumn and winter. These plants like full shade or partial shade and a sheltered position. These are also called Peonia Buckeye Belle and are known for their deep red blooms which emerge in spring. Fran said: “Peonies remind me of old-fashioned petticoat layers ruffled under Victorian dresses. “Buckeye Belle has a deep, red wine blousy beauty set against its shiny dark green leaves; it sits in the garden like a jewel.” These plants have beautiful, delicate pale pink flowers and white bracts tipped with green. The plants flower in summer and like full sun and partial shade. Fran said these go “beautifully” with Buckeye Belle peony in late spring or early summer.