Christian Horner has made the extraordinary claim that the Las Vegas Grand Prix will be the “biggest sporting event on the globe” in 2023 - citing the incredible hype around the race in the ‘Sin City’. The Red Bull chief is thrilled with F1’s boom Stateside and has credited the hit Netflix Drive to Survive series for the rapid growth in US audience. Las Vegas will host the third race in the United States on this year’s calendar, joining the US Grand Prix in Austin and the new Miami event which debuted last May. The inaugural Las Vegas Grand Prix will see drivers sweep past the legendary landmarks on the famous strip of the gambling mecca in the penultimate race of the season. And while Horner wants to keep visiting the sport's most iconic tracks, the Red Bull team principal is all for F1's expansion into new markets, welcoming the addition of new venues on the calendar. The 49-year-old believes the Las Vegas showpiece will prove to be the most unmissable event on this year's sporting calendar. Don't miss... Horner shuts down Russell after Mercedes star's stark comments [LATEST] "I think you've got to protect the old circuits like the Monacos and the Silverstones and the Monzas,” he told Bloomberg. "But then to bring in new circuits, we had Miami last year as a new venue and this year we've got Las Vegas. "I have never seen hype around a race like that, I think it's going to be the biggest sporting event on the globe this year. The demand for that race is off the charts. “Of course, the commercial demand for the sport is at an all-time high with 23 races at different venues around the world. So I think it does cater for everything." Don't miss... Lando Norris backed to quit McLaren to become Verstappen's team-mate [LATEST] Toto Wolff backs up George Russell over Christian Horner [LATEST] Red Bull chief Christian Horner likens F1 to 'Kardashians on wheels' [LATEST] The popularity of F1 in the US has sky-rocketed in recent years, largely owing to the success of Drive to Survive. Horner is a box-office figure in the paddock throughout the newly-released season five of the acclaimed series and has been impressed by the show’s transformative impact. "I think the whole phenomenon through Drive to Survive has just introduced Formula One to a whole new audience, a younger audience and very much an American audience,” he added. “Formula One is on fire at the moment and what Drive to Survive has done, it's done a great job of explaining the sport and bringing in a new fanbase. A young fanbase, a female fanbase as well. “It has showed some of the characters and some of the competition that goes on behind the scenes. It's a bit like the Kardashians on wheels at times."  