Police searching for five people who disappeared after a night out in Cardiff say they have found three of them dead. Gwent Police said the other two people who were reported missing have been taken to hospital with serious injuries.  Sophie Russon, 20, Eve Smith, 21, and Darcy Ross, 21, had travelled to the Welsh capital from Porthcawl. They had made the trip in a Volkswagen Tiguan with two men, Rafel Jeanne, 24, and Shane Loughlin, 32, both from Cardiff, who were also reported as missing. Police have not confirmed the identities of those who died.  A police spokesperson said on Monday that the VW Tiguan had been recovered just after midnight in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. Police believe the car was involved in a road traffic collision and came off the A48. Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and inquiries are ongoing. Anyone with any information is asked to call police on 101, or send a direct message on social media, quoting 2300071791. READ ABOUT SHAMIMA BEGUM BEING IN A 'VULNERABLE' POSITION   The case has been referred to the police watchdog IOPC in line with normal procedures. Sophie's mum, Anna Certowicz, told the Daily Mail she was driving around the Gwent and Cardiff areas in a desperate search for her daughter after police officers told her not to ring the station information. Ms Certowicz, 42, told the same publication: "They didn't seem to care. I had to drive to Cardiff to knock on doors myself because they were doing s*d all. They just didn't seem to think it was worth investigating. It was so frustrating. "I think they assumed Sophie was hungover somewhere, but she's a sensible girl who works in a bank and hasn't taken a day off for three years."  DON'T MISS: Mum backs calls for mental health inquiry to get justice for her child [REVEALED] Man claims he had heart attack, went to hell and saw terrifying things [REPORT] Prince Harry delves deep into his childhood in latest interview [LATEST]  "She's not someone who's out clubbing in Cardiff all the time. On Friday nights she's more likely to be babysitting so other people can go out. She wouldn't just vanish like this unless something was wrong." Ms Certowicz continued: "The police asked me to stop ringing but at the end of the day I'm a mum, I'm going to worry. Her little sister is worrying too, she's only 13 and she's wondering where Sophie is." She said Sophie has known Eve and Darcy since childhood, adding: "They're incredibly close, they message every day. We worked out earlier that this is the first time in 347 days that Sophie hasn't replied to her." Eve's sister, Lauren Doyle, previously posted on social media: "It is known they went to the Muffler in Maesglas and then went to Trecco Bay on Friday night but left there to an unknown location during the night.   "They were last seen at approximately 2am. "None of them have made contact with friends or family, which is very unusual. We are all worried sick and thinking the worst." Eve's car keys and bank card were with her mother, meaning she had no access to transport or funds, according to her sister.  Sophie's aunt Tori Preece said in her own appeal: "My niece and her friends have been missing since Friday night. There has been no contact and no social media presence since the early hours of Saturday morning." She added: "They are not girls who take unnecessary risks and are always in close contact with their families. All of the families involved are extremely concerned. The Police are involved and they have been recorded as missing persons." 