Married at First Sight Australia is returning to the UK for its 10th season and fans couldn't be more excited. The highly dramatic and romantic dating show welcomes contestants to be matched by experts and get hitched without ever meeting their new spouse before the big day. While there are some successes, there are also plenty of failures and personality clashes to keep viewers gripped. Express.co.uk has all you need to know to watch MAFS season 10 in the UK. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFSA. Married at First Sight Australia season 10 was filmed in Sydney in August last year and made its debut Down Under at the end of January. Now, it's the UK's turn to find out all the latest gossip with MAFSA returning on Monday, March 6, at 7.30pm on E4. The reality show is going to air at the same time, Monday to Thursday, taking breaks for the rest of the week. Once an episode is shown on E4, it will then be ready to watch on its streaming service All4. READ MORE: King Charles 'isn't weak' after Harry and Meghan Frogmore eviction The news of its comeback was announced last night via the show's official Twitter account. Its tweet read: "Here come the brides and grooms...from down under. The new series of #MAFSAus starts Monday 6th March on E4.” Fans couldn't contain their excitement, with one Twitter user replying: “Cannot wait, best thing on TV.” Whereas another wrote: “Cannot wait, love the drama and no doubt plenty of bed hopping and secret texting." In 2022, there were eight brides and grooms matched at the very start of the show, followed by three more couples who showed up halfway through. This time around, there will be even more drama to look forward to as the series will kick off with 10 couples. It is then believed another two couples are going to join the experiment later in the series. What's also not been made clear just yet is how many episodes will be in series 10. DON'T MISS...GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview [REACTION]Star Trek Picard pays touching tribute to late original star [TRIBUTE]Olivia and Jackson: Are MAFS Australia's Olivia and Jackson together? [EXPLAINER] Last year's series consisted of 35 episodes in total, as well as a reunion dinner party and a finale episode. So this next outing could follow a similar sort of pattern in terms of its episode count. While the singletons change every year, the experts have stayed the same. Series 10 will be no different as relationship experts John Aiken and Mel Schilling and sexologist Alessandra Rampolla are back to guide the couples through their marriages. Last year, all of the couples, bar Tamara and Brent and Samantha and Al, made it to the end of the experiment. Unfortunately, none of their marriages worked out with all of their relationships done and dusted with last year. So are the experts going to be able to find some happily ever afters this time around? MAFSA season 10 starts on Monday, March 6, at 7.30pm on E4 in the UK.