Two sisters have died days apart with their devastated family planning to bury the girls together. Mum-of-two Shaunie, 26, died suddenly on February 12, with heartbroken sister Shavanna, 21, sharing her grief at the loss of her “twin” online a week later. But now relatives have revealed Shavanna died on Friday.   Friends of the sisters described what happened as "the worst news any family can receive". Donations have been pouring in to help pay for the funeral arrangements. Mary McGovern, who is organising the fundraiser, wrote on crowdfunding site GoFundMe: "The family have made the decision to have both girls funeral together which during the worst time of their life’s will also be finically difficult. "Rest easy girls we hope you have the best beds in heaven forever #26 #21."   Days after Shaunie's death, Shavanna told friends on Facebook she was struggling with grief, the Daily Record reports. She wrote: "I’m going through the worst thing i could i miss my twin so much." News of Shavanna’s death prompted an outpouring of tributes to both sisters. One family member wrote on social media that she felt "so heartbroken". She said: "Why again have I lose another sister not even weeks later you both been taken away from us to soon. "I love you both forever and will miss you both really can’t believe I have lost the best to sister’s in the world."   A friend said: "R.I.P shavanna & Shaunie. 2 sisters gone.. in the space of 3 weeks, Regardless of what happened .. Yous both should still be here. "Yous had your whole life ahead of yous. Life is unfair at times. Yous are Now back together again." Another relative wrote: "Can not believe the both of yous are gone in the space of 3 weeks. Least yous are bother back together sticking by each other as always! Rest easy girls." Another friend of the pair wrote: "RIP to both of yous, yous didn’t deserve to leave this world so soon."    Don't miss... Three found dead by police searching for five people missing [REPORT] Harry and Meghan hint that King didn't speak to them ahead of invite [REVEALED] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [LATEST] A spokeswoman for Police Scotland confirmed the deaths, saying: " A 26-year-old woman was found dead within a flat in Granton Medway, Edinburgh, on February 12, 2023. "A 21-year-old woman died within a flat at Cameron House Avenue, Edinburgh, on March 3, 2023." A spokesman for the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service said: "The Procurator Fiscal has received a report in connection with the death of a 26-year-old woman in Edinburgh on February 12, 2023. "The investigation into the death, under the direction of Scottish Fatalities Investigation Unit (SFIU), is ongoing and the family will continue to be kept updated in relation to any significant developments."  