NBA commissioner Adam Silver is being lined up to secure the top job at the Walt Disney Company, according to Front Office Sports. Silver - whose contract with the NBA runs through 2024 - is reportedly on the shortlist of the enormous mass media company to succeed CEO Bob Iger. On February 1 2014, Silver took the reins from David Stern as the commissioner of the NBA. He was unanimously approved by the NBA owners for the role, and he has certainly made his mark to be generally considered likeable by many figures around the league. Early into his tenure, Silver condemned racist remarks by then-Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling and moved to ban him from the NBA for life while fining him $2.5million and forcing him to sell the franchise. Silver also received acclaim for dealing with the Covid pandemic swiftly as the 2019/20 season concluded in the bio-secure NBA Bubble at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida. It appears Silver still has fans in Orlando. He is being considered for the CEO position at the Walt Disney Company, although he cannot serve on Disney’s board due to the NBA’s broadcast partnership with the media giant causing a conflict of interest. READ MORE: Toronto Raptors 'made a mistake' over Women's Month video Iger returned to Disney in November 2022 after initially retiring in 2021, but he never intended to stay in the post for long. He reportedly began his search for the next chief executive almost immediately after returning. Silver is on Iger’s shortlist, alongside other big names from within the industry. This includes Candle Media co-founder and co-CEO Kevin Mayer as well as Disney co-chairman Dana Walden. The decision is crucial as Disney struggled under Bob Chapek - Iger’s first successor - as they company missed revenue expectations in Q4 2022 while increasing its operating loss for streaming to $1.5billion. Disney’s stock price remarkably increased 6.3% after Iger’s return was confirmed. DON'T MISSAnthony Davis thoughts on LeBron James' injury indicate Lakers mindsetMessi splashes out 'more than Jordan earned in an NBA season on car'76ers stars believe James Harden has already chosen next NBA move Front Office Sports also claimed the timeline for Silver or any of the other candidates to be hired at Disney is currently unknown. The 60-year-old would be a huge hire, given he was named Executive of the Year by Sports Illustrated back in 2014. Silver was appointed as the fifth commissioner in NBA history. He served in several positions before his appointment, including as the Chief Operating Officer and Deputy Commissioner. He is reportedly paid $10m a year, while his net worth is estimated at $40m.