Sir Graham Brady, the Conservative Party's most senior backbench MP, has announced his intention to stand down at the next election. The Tory Party's shop steward, Sir Graham has been chairman of the influential 1922 committee of Conservative Party backbenchers, and has been responsible for organising votes of confidence in the last three Prime Ministers. Sir Graham informed both Theresa May, Boris Johnson and Liz Truss that their time was up. As chairman of the 1922 Committee, he has been responsible for collecting letters of no confidence in the party leader signed by Tory MPs. He broke the news of his standing down to his local paper, The Trafford Messenger, saying that at the time of the next election he will have served 27 years as the constituency's MP, "becoming the longest serving member in the constituency's history." Sir Graham wrote that representing his home town in Parliament has been an "immense privilege for which I will always be grateful." He explained his decision to step down is due to wanting to "bring this fascinating and fulfilling chapter of my life to a close while I am young enough to pursue other opportunities and interests." Others have pointed out that polls indicate Sir Graham is facing defeat at the next general election. Despite his Altrincham seat being 75 on Labour's list of targets, some projections suggest he faces losing by 22 points.    Sir Graham is the 22nd Tory MP to announce they're standing down at the next election, amid the Tory Party languishing in the polls behind Labour. Just last month, fellow Tory MP Nadine Dorries announced she would be stepping down as an MP at the next election. The long-term ally of Boris Johnson fought back tears on her GB News programme, saying the decision had taken "much soul-searching". While she said she loves the job, Ms Dorries said she wants to distance herself from the infighting she believes is plaguing the Tory Party.  The MP for Mid-Bedfordshire, who served as Culture Secretary under Boris Johnson, warned that the Conservative Party's election prospects are "terminal". She added: "Given the poll rating of the Conservative Party, we are now likely to go to the wire in January 2025." Speaking on her new television show with TalkTV - to be aired tomorrow evening at 8pm - Ms Dorries said: "I love my constituents and I've loved serving them - it's been such an honour for the best part of two decades of my life." She also hit out at the Tories who "plotted" to oust Boris Johnson for causing "infighting" and "stupidity".   The MP slammed "faux political intellectuals" who "bet everything on a Rishi bounce", which she said "never came". Ms Dorries said: "That's the worst, weakest, and least attractive position for any Government to find itself in. "There is no way on God’s earth that those who plotted to depose Boris Johnson expected to be in the position we’re in today. "The Conservatives are polling worse now than in 1997 when they were thrashed by Labour." 