UFC supremo Dana White has axed Darren Till from the organisation's roster following three straight defeats alongside two other big-name fighters, according to reports. Till joined the UFC back in 2015 but has suffered a string of disappointing results in recent years and it seems as though his time in the spotlight could finally be over as a result of his latest setback. Till was beaten for the third time in a row at UFC 282 back in December when he was submitted by Dricus du Plessis in round three and has seemingly lost the backing of White as a result of his latest defeat. The 30-year-old middleweight has been dropped from the roster alongside lightweight Zubaira Tukhugov and bantamweight Jose Johnson, according to UFCRosterWatch, in another crushing blow to his hopes of returning to the highest level of competition. It is not yet known whether Till's contract has expired or he has parted ways with the MMA company, who snapped him up eight years ago and gave him a total of 12 fights during his time on their books. His unbeaten record of 17 wins and one draw was brought to an end by Tyron Woodley back in 2018, when Till came up short in his efforts to secure the UFC welterweight title. The man from Liverpool suffered another painful loss in his next outing when he was knocked out by Jorge Masvidal but managed to recover with a points victory over Kevin Gastelum after moving up to middleweight. However, his winning momentum would not last as he went on to face three straight defeats at the hands of Robert Whittaker, Derek Brunson and Du Plessis. JUST IN: Conor Benn calls out WBC over 'egg contamination' announcement It remains to be seen whether Till will soon decide to retire after being dropped by the UFC, although he insisted after his latest fight in December that he was not intending on hanging up his gloves just yet in spite of his dire recent form in the octagon. "You don't always get what you want in this life, it's tough," said Till. "I'm 29 now, I've been at the top of this sport since 2017 I entered the UFC in 2015. "I'm doing this video because I feel like I should do it now, the right time is now. I'm not retiring, this is not a retirement speech. I'm 29, that'd be stupid to retire, but I'm on a bit of a losing skid at the moment. I’m not finding my right ways and stuff like that. "It’s crazy because when I’m in the gym and I’m sparring with the best guys in the world, I’m in my element and when I step into the octagon, I can’t seem to put things together. I have moments like in the second round where I’m untouchable but then certain things happen. "I just want to say whether you love me or hate me, I really am sorry. I tried to put a show on, I never cut corners. I do really train. Maybe I train too much." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.