A plane was buffeted by strong 50mph winds while struggling to make a rocky landing at Birmingham airport on Monday morning. The plane was seen rocking from side to side in a nail-biting video.  According to the video, an Air Lingus flight from Belfast was seen rocking as it came to land at Birmingham Airport. The pilots faced strong crosswinds as well as torrential rain as it made a final approach. However, the plane landed safely at the airport despite the massive winds. The Met Office has issued a yellow warning for strong gusts across central and southern areas of the country today as other areas expect snow and ice.  Massive winds of 70mph have been recorded in Monmouthshire, Wales, while the Severn Bridge was closed. In a yellow alert for wind, the Met Office said high-sided vehicles on exposed routes can expect delays. Issues are also expected for those using roads, rail, air, and ferries. Trees are likely to fall in the conditions, potentially causing issues in some areas. READ MORE: Car set on fire in broad daylight after street row boiled over The Met Office said: "Southwesterly winds will widely gust to between 50 and 55 mph with gusts reaching 60 to 65 mph over some exposed coasts and hills. “The highest gusts are expected between mid-morning and mid-afternoon." A number of flood warnings are also in place, with five in areas where flooding is likely as snow on the ground melts in North Bank Road on the River Nene, Peterborough, River Great Ouse at Odell, Bedfordshire, River Vyrnwy at Melverley, Shropshire an West Bay Harbour, Dorset. At Heathrow, flights are being forced to circle over Surrey as they await the all-clear to come into land at the UK’s biggest airport.  Don't miss... Gary Lineker's own brother mocks Match of the Day star  [LATEST] Two more teenagers arrested over death of 16-year-old schoolgirl [INSIGHT] Three arrested in Japan over conveyor belt 'sushi terrorism' [SPOTLIGHT] Meanwhile, commuters continued to face disruption while travelling in and out of London. Greater Western Railway (GWR) said: "Due to damage to the overhead electric wires between London Paddington and Slough some lines are blocked. “Disruption is expected until 15:00.” 