The jersey worn by NFL legend Joe Montana as he led the San Francisco 49ers to glory in Super Bowl XIX and XXIII sold for a record $1.2million. The sale smashed the previous record of $480,000, which a fan paid for Tom Brady’s Tampa Bay Buccaneers jersey last year after they crushed the Kansas City Chiefs 31-9 in Super Bowl LV. The record transaction was made by the Goldin sale house, which is known for its monumental transactions involving sports and pop culture memorabilia. The Montana jersey is particularly iconic given it was worn in two Super Bowl victories that catapulted the 49ers dynasty in the 1980s. Montana first wore the jersey when San Francisco secured a 38-16 win over the Miami Dolphins in Super Bowl XIX and he put it back on in Super Bowl XXIII four years later. The 49ers defeated the Cincinnati Bengals 20-16, with the unforgettable contest featuring the epic series known as ‘The Drive’ where Montana drove the ball 92 yards to win the championship. The 49ers were trailing the Bengals 16-13 late in the fourth quarter when Montana cemented his legendary status by marching his team down the field 92 yards, scoring a touchdown with less than three minutes remaining. The game-winning drive is historic among sports fans as it propelled the 49ers to victory and gave Montana his third Super Bowl championship. READ MORE: Carter speaks out following arrest warrant issued on future NFL star Montana’s wife Jennifer ensured he wore the same jersey four years later as a good luck charm, as she packed the jersey in a bag with a note. The note read: “You might want to wear it again.” Montana was named Super Bowl MVP in both wins and he went on to win each of his four appearances in the championship game - with his number of titles second only to Brady’s seven. Ken Goldin brokered the historic sale and heaped praise on Montana and his everlasting legacy. “It's only right that the two greatest quarterbacks of all-time are still trading off records, even in retirement,” said Goldin. “Montana was already in rarefied air with four championship rings and three Super Bowl MVPs - [and] with the record-breaking sale of his Super Bowl XXIII jersey, Montana has surpassed Tom Brady on top of that mountain.” DON'T MISSTom Brady planning career change despite signing £375m NFL dealBrady pens multi-year contract to secure career after NFL retirementAaron Rodgers tops NFL average salary list with huge deal Goldin also announced Montana’s white road jersey worn during the 49er’s crushing 55-10 Super Bowl XXIV victory over the Denver Broncos sold for $720,000 - which makes it the second-highest priced NFL jersey ever sold. Goldin added: “It's only fitting that the two greatest quarterbacks of all time continue to trade records, even in retirement.”