Fernando Alonso has revealed his true thoughts on Lance Stroll after the pair came together at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Stroll’s front wing made contact with Alonso's rear right tyre on lap one which cost the Spaniard track position. It took the double world champion the whole race to get back to P3 with the 41-year-old constantly asking the team who hit him at turn four. Aston Martin didn’t reveal the information, with Alonso getting his first look at the culprit in the cooldown room. However, it appears all tension between the pair was forgotten as Alonso praised the Canadian for his performance after coming back from injury. Alonso posted a picture of the pair embracing after the race to his Instagram story, alongside the comment “you’re my f***ing hero”. Another caption even called for Stroll to pick up the 'Driver of the Day' award for his heroics to score points. READ MORE: Damon Hill demands F1 rule change as Fernando Alonso dubbed 'genius'  He wrote: “@lance_stroll my driver of the day. 12 days after surgery, incredible performance.” Stroll missed the pre-season test after damaging both wrists and breaking his toe in a bike accident ahead of the new season. Formula 2 champion Felipe Drugovich had stepped in for the 24-year-old but Stroll ensured he was back for race one. Alonso revealed losing out on Stroll’s feedback over the three-day test “hurt a lot”. However, he continued to praise his team-mate after the chequered flag as the team scored almost half their 2022 points tally in one event. He added: “My team-mate had surgery 12 days ago and now he's fighting right with everybody. It's amazing for the team. DON'T MISSStroll avoids Alonso wrath after Aston Martin intervened in Bahrain [INSIGHT]Fernando Alonso has Lewis Hamilton wish after Bahrain podium [ANALYSIS]Lance Stroll 'couldn't move hands or walk' after scary crash [COMMENT] “It was a great weekend and finishing on the podium in the first race of the year is just amazing.” Team boss Lawrence Stroll, father of Lance, also celebrated his achievement and revealed the pair's conversation after the crash. He commented: “I’d also like to thank my son. I'm obviously a very proud father tonight. 13 days ago we were in surgery and Lance told me ‘we are going to Bahrain’. I said ‘Okay’. I didn't really believe it at the time. “He persevered, worked hard, great doctors, great physios, great everybody. To have Lance in the car missing 250 laps of testing that everyone else had and to deliver the performance he did with a broken toe and a couple of banged-up wrists is impressive.”