Sarah Ferguson, despite being a high-profile member of the Royal Family until 1996, is now a popular author. The Duchess of York took to Instagram today to celebrate World Book Day and to promote her latest novel, "A Most Intriguing Lady!". On her Instagram story, she shared some of her favourite books for World Book Day, one of which was "Discover Your Who" by John Stix. Fergie captioned the post: "Discover Your Who can help you unleash your greatest potential. And what a joy to read!" Whilst holding the book, Sarah could be seen wearing a brand new light blue coat. The Duchess was wearing a "Nevada vegan leather trench coat" from Alice + Olivia by Stacey Bendet. READ MORE: Prince William makes 'groundbreaking' gesture towards Kate in Wales  The description says: "This jacket has vintage vibes with its long knee-length and classic trench-inspired lapels. "It's a bold piece that you can wear for years." The coat is long-sleeved and features a huge collar. It is a midi-length coat with straps at the wrist cuffs. Fergie's coat also appeared to have front pockets and a removable tie waist.  Proving her devotion to sustainability and the environment, the Duchess's coat is made of 100 percent polyester. This means it is a vegan leather coat, which is a very sustainable step for a royal. The "ocean floor" coloured coat retails for a whopping $895, or roughly £750 in British Sterling. Underneath the coat, Fergie appeared to be wearing a long-sleeved white blouse, because the cuffs were longer than her coat sleeves. READ MORE: All Harry and Meghan's £2.4m Frogmore changes  To accessorise, Sarah wore little gold hoop earrings and styled her fiery red hair in a wavy curly fashion. She also wore very heavy pencilled eyeliner and thick eyebrow makeup for added effect. Royal fans, who are normally divided over Fergie's style, were really impressed by her new blue coat. Instagram user @katarzyna.m.wesolowska said: "To be fair I love her playful attitude towards fashion!" In addition, @kelly9.glenn wrote: "She is looking cute in these bright colours."  Royal fan @gale.spalvins added: "You look fabulous." Instagram user @thejanmiller commented: "You look great." Royal watcher @carilgastwirth said: "The most beautiful Duchess."