Monty Python star John Cleese, 83, took aim at Prince Andrew, 63, and his brother King Charles, 74, in a scathing tweet this morning. Weighing in on the royal debate, Cleese swiped in view of his 5.7 million followers: “Surprising that the Royal Frogmore Cottage is being converted into a holding facility for people accused of sex offences.” It comes after Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, were asked to “vacate” their royal home, Frogmore Cottage, in the aftermath of the latter’s bombshell tell-all memoir, Spare. Claims have also emerged that Charles has offered the property, which is close to Windsor Castle, to Prince Andrew, who had to step back from royal duties in 2019 due to his friendship with sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. Virginia Giuffre, one of Epstein's accusers, claimed she was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew three times. Andrew has always denied any form of sexual contact or relationship with Ms. Giuffre. READ MORE... Amanda Holden pokes fun after exposing too much due to 'nippy' weather Buckingham Palace declined to comment on the reports.  However, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s spokesperson said in a statement: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage."  It wasn’t long before fans took to the comments section of the Fawlty Towers creator’s tweet to share their thoughts on Meghan and Harry’s eviction.  Twitter user Martin Parkinson penned: “Excellent observation I am so not sorry that you’ve tweeted this Mr Cleese thank you.” Another agreed: “My opinion of Britain's king has dipped to a new low. America's founding fathers got it right about the British Royal family.” A third fan said: “doff my cap to u sir ...that was a drop mic moment.” “‘Accused’ being the operative word,” a fourth follower argued. “Accused but not charged,” another Twitter user also pointed out. DON'T MISS:Steve Mackey dies aged 56 as Pulp pay tribute to ‘our beloved friend'Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update Prince Andrew settled in his civil sex case with accuser Virginia Giuffre last year.  The Duke of York agreed to pay Giuffre a substantial sum in an out-of-court settlement, as well as donating to her charity in support of victims' rights.  The settlement meant the case was dismissed, while Andrew maintains he has no recollection of meeting Virginia.  Meanwhile, Andrew is said to be against the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage, but Harry and Meghan will have to leave Frogmore Cottage whether or not the King’s brother decides to move in. "This surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan's time in the UK," a royal insider claimed to The Sun.  "Andrew is resisting the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage after he was offered it last week.  "But it shows Harry and Meghan are powerless to stop the eviction."  Piers Morgan has joined Cleese in addressing King Charles’ decision, after slamming Prince Harry for sharing revelations about his family in his book and Netflix series alongside wife Meghan.  He retweeted the news in view of his 8.4 million followers, and simply wrote: “Wow,” accompanied by a fire emoji.