The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) recently issued a warning to all people who took their driving test before 2014 that it is time to renew their licence. If someone’s licence expires and they don’t apply for a new one, they won’t legally be able to drive. Drivers in the UK need to renew their licence every 10 years, until the age of 70, when it needs to be renewed every three years. The DVLA recently took to social media to prompt drivers who passed their test in 2013 and 2014 that they may risk fines if they do not renew. Richard Evans, head of technical services at webuyanycar, urged drivers to ensure they are legally allowed to be on the road and what to do to renew their licence. Speaking to Express.co.uk, he said: “To drive anywhere legally, you must hold a valid driving licence which has the most up-to-date and correct details of your name, date of birth and full address. READ MORE: Elderly motorists offered course to brush up on driving laws “If you know your license is about to expire, or your personal details have changed, it’s crucial you update your licence. “Our research found that almost all (93 percent) drivers say they’ve seen motoring costs increase over the last 12 months. “And with rising costs across the board, drivers should take extra precautions to ensure they aren’t stung with additional charges, like unnecessary fines.” According to figures from the DVLA, 926,000 people in Britain needed to update their licence, accounting for around two percent of UK drivers. DON'T MISSE10 petrol 'causes vehicles to run terribly' as many return to E5 [SHOCKING]All drivers could face new 'tyre tax' in bid to slash emissions [WARNING]'Use VED to push car buyers' towards electric cars [INSIGHT] The Government agency sends warnings to drivers at risk of letting their licence expire, usually a few months before the due date. Around 2.5 million people renewed their licence after it had expired or within 56 days of the expiration date. The 10-year rule applies to both full and provisional driving licence holders. Mr Evans also warned motorists about the consequences they face if they do not renew their licence. READ MORE: Calls for Low Traffic Neighbourhoods and cycle lanes to be scrapped He added: “If drivers don’t have a valid licence, the DVLA warn you could be fined £1,000 and even risk having your vehicle seized. “This will be a much heavier price to pay than the cost of updating your licence which starts from £14.” Elderly drivers are also being warned as the renewal system is different for those over the age of 70. After a person reaches this mature age, they must renew their licence with the DVLA every three years, although renewal is free. The DVLA sends older people a D46P application form to their registered address around three months before they reach 70 years of age. Alternatively, paper copies of the form can be obtained from the Post Office if they didn’t receive one through the post. Online services are usually the quickest and easiest way to renew, which was often highlighted by the DVLA before Christmas when there was a backlog of applications. People can still drive while their licence is being renewed provided they meet a list of criteria including if the application is less than a year old, they’re not currently disqualified and they only drive under the conditions of the previous licence.