The Hunger Games star took to the Dolby Theatre stage to present the award for Best Visual Effects at this year’s Oscars ceremony. Unfortunately, Elizabeth Banks seemed to be under the weather as she was suffering from a croaky voice as well as tripping over on her way to the microphone. The 49-year-old actor and director Banks stumbled multiple times on her way to the Oscars main stage on Sunday. She presented the award for visual effects alongside a co-host in a bear costume, referencing her new film Cocaine Bear. The bear got up to plenty of hijinks on stage, but all eyes were on Banks as she struggled to maintain her balance. Many viewers also couldn’t help but notice her croaky voice which made her presenting duties even more difficult. READ MORE: Emily Ratajkowski and Eva Longoria wow in sheer Oscars afterparty look Banks apologised for the way she sounded, and her presentation was met with an outpour of sympathy from fans. Tyler Whitmore tweeted: “Tripping on her dress and having no voice, what kind of bad karma did Elizabeth Banks accrue to deserve this?!” @bevysmith joked: “Elizabeth Banks got a voice like she was hanging out with the #CocaineBeer on a week-long binge.” @Ochan30 exclaimed: “Oh geez what is up with Elizabeth Banks voice… she is strained as hell!” Alexander Pen said: “Kudos to Elizabeth Banks for getting up on stage to present when her voice is completely shot.” @smallg0blin asked: “Why did they give Elizabeth Banks so much to say when her voice sounds like it’s going to disappear any second?” And @lucashedgess quipped: “When Elizabeth Banks with a cracked voice and a man in a bear suit is the most fun you've had in two hours, you know you're in trouble.” (sic) Several other fans named Banks’ presentation as one of the highlights of the night despite the blunders. Don't miss... Oscars fans fume at Angela Bassett ‘snub’ as she looks gutted by loss [BACKLASH] The Last of Us' Pedro Pascal looks sharp with sister on Oscars carpet [PICTURES] Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose [NEWS] The Cocaine Bear director named Avatar: The Way of Water as this year’s Best Visual Effects winner, the blockbuster sequel’s only award on the night. Thankfully, Banks’ presenting gaffes were among the only hiccups of the night after the chaos of last year’s Academy Awards. The audience at the 94th Oscars was sent into shock when Best Actor recipient Will Smith slapped host Chris Rock on stage for making jokes about his wife, Jada Pinkett Smith. Viewers were relieved nothing of the sort occurred at this year’s ceremony, although this year’s host Jimmy Kimmel made several digs at the controversy. In his opening monologue, he said: “The Academy has a crisis team in place. If anything unpredictable or violent happens during the ceremony, just do what you did last year: nothing. “Sit there and do absolutely nothing. Maybe even give the assailant a hug and if any of you get mad at a joke and decide you want to come up here and get jiggy with it, it’s not gonna be easy. There are a few of my friends you’re gonna have to get through first.” The comedian listed a number of tough attendees in the crowd, including Best Actress winner Michelle Yeoh and Creed III star Michael B Jordan. The 95th Academy Awards are available to stream on NOW and Sky.