A woman has been banned from hunting after killing and skinning a husky puppy. Amber Rose Barnes, 36, posted chilling images online of a dead dog, which she mistook for a wolf. Barnes posted the gruesome pics on social media in September, after she “smoked” the “predator wolf pup”. "I got the opportunity to take another predator wolf pup 2022 was a great feeling to text my man and say I just smoked a wolf pup #firstworld #onelesspredatorMT," she wrote on Facebook. Authorities later said the skinned animal was instead a 6-month-old husky. The incident happened while Barnes was in the Flathead National Forest in Doris Creek, about 60 miles south of Glacier National Park, searching for a black bear. Flathead County Sheriff’s Office, in Montana said that it was contacted on September 23 by local citizens who had picked up several husky and shepherd mix dogs in the area of Doris Creek in Flathead National Park. The parties picked up 11 dogs, which were turned over the Animal Control and taken to an animal shelter. Several of those dogs tested positive for parvovirus - a class of very small viruses that mainly affect animals, and were being evaluated, the sheriff’s office said. The sheriff’s office said it was advised through Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks that one of the dogs that had been released into the wild might have been shot. READ MORE: Ron DeSantis blasted after Trump supporters barred from book signing While it was not known who left the dogs, Barnes was later charged in October with the misdemeanor offense of animal cruelty. On Tuesday, she was handed a six-month deferred sentence, with terms of her punishment including her attendance of a hunting safety class and a ban from using her hunting rifle for the next six months. Later on Facebook, Barnes defended her actions, saying “my safety was my top priority”. She rejected claims she had knowingly killed a dog as “not true whatsoever”, and said: “This animal was growling, howling, and coming at me like it was going to eat me. “Yes, I made a mistake because I did think it was a hybrid wolf pup." She said she was not aware at the time that a group of dogs had been released into the wilderness. However, she added: “Either way, yes I would still have shot it because it was aggressive and coming directly for me! "So please remove all your [posts] thinking I just shot and killed someone’s pet!" Before she was charged, she also said: “I did NOT break any laws!!! I’m not a cruel individual."