The heavy snow blanketing the UK today has forced school closures throughout the country, impacting tens of thousands of pupils. Earlier today, the Met Office issued yellow weather warnings for 10 regions while warning that up to 15 inches could fall in hours. Several areas of Britain, including the Midlands, northern England and Scotland, could be covered in deep snow. Forecasters have warned motorists to be extra cautious on the roads, while those with children should check with individual schools or their local council. Here are the school closures so far: ENGLAND South West In Cornwall, a full list of schools that will be shut or opening slightly later can be found by visiting the council's website. The latest school closures in Devon are available here. A number of schools have also been closed in Bath and North East Somerset, as well as North Somerset, Somerset, while families in Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole can consult here. Those living in Bristol can click here to see the latest information, with disruption in Dorset listed here. Those living in Gloucestershire can find information here, South Gloucestershire here, and residents in Plymouth can check here. Families in Wiltshire canvisit the local council website, while those in Swindon can click here, and Torbay here. READ MORE: London blanketed by heavy snow as commuters brace for rush-hour hell  Don't miss... Energy crisis as suppliers fire up contingency plans in UK cold snap [LATEST] Met Office sets out snow disruption timeline as blast to hit in hours [UPDATE] Met Office pinpoints exact day 'disruptive snow' to bring chaos [FORECAST] South East Kent school closures can be found by visiting the council website, while any schools closed in Buckinghamshire are listed here. The websites for East Sussex County Council and the West Sussex County Council are issuing updates every few minutes. Hampshire school closures can be found here, Oxfordshire here, and Berkshire here. Parents living in Surrey are being encouraged to check individual school websites instead of the council website. London Millions of parents living in the capital are being urged to check their borough's websites for the latest information on school closures. Midlands School closures in Derbyshire can be found here, while you can click here for information for those in Nottinghamshire. Herefordshire school closures are listed here, Leicestershire here, Lincolnshire here, and North Lincolnshire here. Parents in Northamptonshire can visit the council website, while those in Rutland can click here, Shropshire here, Staffordshire here, Warwickshire here, and Worcestershire here. Birmingham families can visit this website, Coventry here, Dudley here, and Stoke here. North West School closures from the snow and freezing weather in Cheshire East are listed here and Cheshire West and Chester here, while you can click here for closures in Cumbria. Families should check here for Trafford and Stockport, while closures in Lancashire are available here and those in Wirral should click here. North East Any school closures in County Durham can be found by visiting this website. Families in Gateshead should check here, Newcastle here, North Tyneside here and South Tyneside here. Information on any school closures in Northumberland will be listed here and in Sunderland here. SCOTLAND  WALES  Rhondda Cynon Taf Bridgend  Caerphilly Merthyr Tydfil Swansea Newport Pembrokeshire 