One of Britain’s largest nursery school groups has been slammed for saying parents should to stop telling their daughters they “look pretty” or calling them “princesses” or “a tomboy”. The instructions are in a handbook issued by Bright Horizons nurseries, which also defines girls as “children who identify as female” and warns parents against praising good behaviour.  Parents are urged to “reflect” on how they bring up their daughters, with one passage of the handbook saying: “It is so easy to fall into a pattern of praising a girl’s appearance (‘You look so pretty!’), labelling her behaviour as ‘good’, or congratulating her when she does something perfectly.” Mums and dads are also told to avoid using “gendered terms” and warned against calling an opinionated girl “bossy”. The guide goes on to say: “Become aware of gender stereotypes presented in the media your family consumes. “Fill your home with books, toys, and decor that do not conform to specific gender roles (eg, buy books about female construction workers and encourage girls to engage in maths and science activities)."  Parents are also advised to "Try to eliminate gender-based references to your child, such as ‘princess’ or ‘tomboy’ or phrases such as, ‘Young ladies don’t behave that way’.” But the advice has not gone down well with some parents accusing Bright Horizons of pushing its “left-wing views”. A mother of a child at a nursery in Kent received the handbook by email and said: “Bright Horizons is dictating to parents their own political views on how to raise their children. “They obviously have very left-wing views in terms of gender politics and think they are entitled to tell parents how to address their daughters and what to teach them about their bodies.” READ MORE: Putin infiltrating NATO with 'leverage' over Turkey  Former Tory Education Minister Sir John Hayes told the Daily Mail: “This daft advice from Bright Horizons will darken the horizons of little girls who cannot be called pretty or dress up as princesses, and simply enjoy their childhood the way girls have for generations. “We’ve got to let children be children and treasure their innocence and stop preaching to them.” A Bright Horizons spokesperson said: “It is every parent’s personal choice about when, where and from whom to seek guidance."  Don't miss... US deals massive blow to China as Xi plots 'ramp up military' [ANALYSIS] POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [OPINION] Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [WATCH] They added: “For those who are seeking ideas for empowering their daughters to grow into strong, confident leaders, free from potentially harmful gender stereotypes, we offer advice that encourages a focus on a girl’s attributes other than her physical appearance.” Bright Horizons has around 300 nurseries in the UK, where fees are reportedly around £300 a week. It is a £4.7billion US company which runs 1,000 facilities around the world. 