Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is expected to announce the construction of various stretches of the HS2 railway will be suspended to save money, it has been reported. Sections from Manchester to Crewe and Birmingham to Crewe are understood to be the most affected although some of the design teams at the Euston end of the line may also be affected, according to the BBC. The railway, which has come under cost increases and experienced delays over the years, is planned to connect London, the Midlands and the North of England. Back in 2010, the project was set to cost roughly £33bn. But the price has increased to a whopping £71bn. HS2 Ltd chief executive Mark Thurston told the BBC his company and the Government were considering the timing and phasing of the railway construction. He said inflation's impact had been "significant" and had affected the cost of timber, steel, aggregates for concrete, labour and energy costs. READ MORE: Macron demanding annual payments from UK to tackle small boats crisis Conservative MP Simon Clarke, former chief secretary to the Treasury, said: "This would be a sensible decision. "Having observed HS2's progress as chief secretary, I have serious doubts as to value for money and cost control." In October last year, Transport Secretary Mark Harper said the forecast for when HS2's phases could be completed remained within planned ranges. That involved Phase One - connecting London with Birmingham - opening between 2029 and 2033. Will HS2 be a success for Britain? Join the debate in the comments section below Don't miss... Sunak warned bet to ‘snooker’ Labour on migration to backfire [ILLEGAL MIGRATION BILL] Labour's migrant plan torn apart – would open UK to 'millions' [LABOUR] Anti-Putin fury erupts in Georgia as protesters smash windows  [RUSSIA] Services will initially start and end at Old Oak Common, west London, due to delays at Euston. Despite today's reports, Mr Harper also said phase 2a - expanding the line from Birmingham to Crewe - was "on track" to be finished between 2030 and 2034. The date range for the western leg of Phase 2b - connecting Crewe with Manchester - remained between 2035 and 2041, the Cabinet minister added. Mr Thurston added his company was working with both suppliers and the government to find ways to reduce the rising costs. Transport officials are in the middle of a major review of the future of the high-speed railway. Large sections of the eastern leg of HS2 to Leeds were scrapped in 2021 as part of the Integrated Rail Plan.