Sarah Ferguson was seen arriving at "Live with Kelly and Ryan", in Manhattan, as part of her American book tour. The royal is currently in New York promoting her new novel, which is a very special occasion for the Duchess of York. To appear in the "Live with Kelly and Ryan" TV show, the Duchess of York opted for a daring look: an all-black leather outfit. Sarah Ferguson wore a black leather dress with a belt which she combined with black tights and black ankle boots with gold detail. She styled her hair in subtle waves and wore a chic gold headband as well as some of her favourite gold bracelets and a pair of delicate earrings. Earlier this week, the royal attended another event to promote her book and also opted for a leather look. READ MORE: 'My parents made a typo on my birth certificate' Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  This time, she wore a unique white leather jacket, the Alice + Olivia "Kidman" design in white and silver. The jacket, which currently retails for £1,555, is described as a "fierce jacket crafted in embellished leather which makes it super glamorous and cool". "Think: the easiest way to look jaw-droppingly amazing with approximately zero effort," the designer website added. Sarah combined the garment with a black dress underneath and a pair of black knee-high boots. Don't miss... Kate may have 'delicious' breakfast food every day to lose weight  [DIET] Kate’s gesture to Prince William put her 'in the role of control'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Danish royals pose for portrait in 'midlife crisis' shoes, claim fans [STYLE] Fergie was also seen carrying the Gucci "Ophidia" green leather tote bag, one of the brand's signature bags, costing £1,580. The Duchess of York's style in America divided royals fans, who took to social media to comment on her latest looks. Instagram user and royal fan @_emma_hurley_ said "no to the jacket" while @catherine.duncan48 said: "Sarah still looking very good, it's nice to see her like that!" "Love the bag - the jacket is awful and doesn’t fit neither does it suit the skirt. Shame as she’s been on point very recently," opined @lou.cartonkelly. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert But can royals wear black leather looks? It is reported that the female members of the Royal Family should try to avoid wearing leather as it is not considered to be “ladylike”. Leather is not a traditional and conservative look and royal women are expected to keep that "super-classic, clean and royal appropriate" appearance, as the founder of Olive and June, Sarah Gibson Tuttle, commented. Although royals are supposed to avoid wearing the daring look, many have stepped out in all-leather outfits in the past. Sophie, Countess of Wessex for instance, wore an all-black leather look in New York last year. Princess Beatrice has also been spotted donning leather mini skirts and Princess Eugenie once wore a very stylish leather wrap dress. Queen Letizia of Spain is a fan of black leather looks and even Meghan Markle wore a midi leather skirt on a visit to Sussex in 2018. Princess Diana also showcased some rule-breaking looks and wore a chic oversized leather jacket during a ski holiday in Austria.