Martin Roberts sadly shared the news of his beloved father wh sadly died. The Homes Under The Hammer presenter said he was feeling “really alone and horrible” as he tried to come to terms with his heartbreaking loss. The 59-year-old took to Instagram today and thanked his 22,300 followers as he opened up about his emotional struggles. He captioned the candid video: "A huge thank you from the bottom of my heart for your condolences, kind words and love. "I said I consider you my friends, and you’ve shown the true meaning of friendship. It’s meant the absolute world to me and helped more than you will ever know." The BBC favourite appeared forlorn in the video as he walked the family dogs. READ MORE: Nicole Kidman sparks concern at Oscars in sloppy kiss with Keith Urban "I'm just out walking my dogs," Martin explained. "Nature to me is my comfort blanket." He went on: "I just have to say I'm humbled and so thankful to everybody who has taken the time and trouble to send me messages. I genuinely can't tell you how much of a difference it has made. "You've just gone out of your way. I will read every single one of them and I will respond to as many as I possibly can. "I want you to know that I'm reading them all and that they warm my heart. They are making such a difference this time."  He continued: "I reached out for support and you've given it. I honestly can't thank you enough. "I just wanted to share something with you - I don't know if you are into these sorts of things. "They sometimes say feathers, little white feathers, are some sort of message from the angels. "I'm walking the dogs and I've just got to share this..." as he panned the camera to the floor showing the feathers on the ground. Martin managed to spot at least eight feathers dotted on the ground. He added: "I've never seen this many white feathers in one place." Lifting one up to the camera, he said: "With your kind wishes, that is really special. So much love." He was swiftly inundated with messages of support as Tina gushed: "Feathers from heaven. Take whatever brings you any comfort. Thinking of you." Lorraine wrote: "Thinking of you Martin. I hope you’re feeling a little better from your walk, it always does you could to get out there (rain or shine)! My Mum passed away in November, so I understand what you’re going through. Best wishes." Anbee added: "Sending love in these sad sad times for you Martin. Losing a parent is indescribable." Martin announced in a tearful video last week that his dad had died at the age of 90. The property expert added his father had a "cracking life" and died peacefully at home.