Arsenal can forget about signing any other players from Manchester City. Jamie Carragher believes there is no chance Pep Guardiola would sell to Mikel Arteta again. Arsenal signed Gabriel Jesus and Oleksandr Zinchenko from City last summer. The pair have had a huge impact on the Gunners and undoubtedly played a big role in pushing them to the top of the Premier League table. Jesus has not featured since the World Cup due to a knee injury picked up with Brazil. But he certainly made his mark in the first half of the campaign. Carragher believes Guardiola did not see Arsenal as a threat. But that has now changed with the north Londoners five points clear at the top. Carragher told The Overlap: "Pep Guardiola’s system this season is a flip of what he’s done before. It was always the full-back going into midfield, now it’s the midfielder going to full-back. READ MORE: Arsenal 'want to sign four players' including Rice as summer plans emerge  "Bernardo Silva is starting in midfield then trying to get to full back. Pep and Manchester City will never sell a player to Arsenal ever again. "The reason why Oleksandr Zinchenko was sold to Arsenal is because of Pep's mate - and he didn’t feel Arsenal were a threat." There are a number of players who City could let go this summer. But if Arsenal are interested, they should think again. Ilkay Gundogan's contract expires at the end of the season. He is in talks over a new deal and could sign a short-term extension at the age of 32. Bernardo Silva has also been linked with an exit in recent transfer windows. Paris Saint-Germain are admirers of the Portugal international, as are Barcelona. DON'T MISSGuardiola may have made Ferguson Man Utd mistake that could cost Man CityEnrique could help reignite careers of three Chelsea starsArsenal told they already have their own Kante for Arteta in title bid  Kalvin Phillips has struggled to settle at the Etihad and is yet to make his full Premier League debut for the club. He will want regular football to earn his spot back in the England starting XI but Guardiola could block any potential interest from Arsenal. Julian Alvarez is also a player linked with an early exit from City. He has seen game time restricted in his debut campaign due to Erling Haaland being the first-choice striker. Real Madrid and Barcelona are reportedly interested in the World Cup winner. Arsenal would be daft to think City would sell another forward to them after the deal for Jesus less than 12 months ago. Aymeric Laporte has also been linked with an exit. But Arsenal are well-stocked at centre-back so would be unlikely to pursue the Spain international anyway.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here