While bleach has a fresh, antiseptic smell it’s not what most people want their laundry to smell like. So, what does it mean if clothes start smelling like bleach after washing? Cleaning expert Tor Rydder over at organizing.tv, has shared why clothes end up accumulating a bleach scent and some top tips on how to get laundry smelling good again. According to Tor, there are typically three simple reasons why clothes may have that classic bleach scent. Sadly, this is one thing households cannot control, as they don’t get to decide the type of water that’s being sent into the washing machine. For those who live in an area with hard water, not using water softeners when washing clothes can lead to the buildup of minerals like calcium and magnesium, which creates limescale. The expert warned: “Limescale can build up in the washing machine's internal components, and trace amounts can break off and land on your clothing, causing a bleach-like smell.” READ MORE: ‘Quicker’ method of drying clothes indoors to avoid ‘damp smells’ Many people use bleach on purpose when washing their clothes, as this is an excellent way to get whites to stay brighter and whiter for longer. However, Tor warned that a “big mistake” people usually make is “putting in too much bleach” to start with. He recommended: “For a regular laundry load, you should only use only half a cup of bleach as a little goes a long way in whitening and removing stubborn stains on lightly-coloured laundry. To avoid bleach residue and a lingering bleach smell on clothes, make sure the washing machine rinses thoroughly after the bleach pre-treatment cycle. DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]Monty Don shares 7 plants to prune in March - ‘only 1 rule to follow’ [EXPERT]‘Soak off’ stubborn air fryer grease with 4p item - ‘works like magic’ [COMMENT] The expert urged: “This step is crucial when using bleach to remove stains or brighten whites.” Sometimes even after washing the clothes again by following the previous tips, the bleach smell can linger. Luckily, there are a few simple things households can do to get rid of it. Here are two of Tor’s favourite hacks. The cleaning pro said: “If you want a natural solution to getting rid of the bleach smell, try using baking soda and white vinegar. READ MORE: Strip towels of ‘unpleasant’ smells with ‘effective’ kitchen staple “This does mean washing your clothing again, but it’s super effective at removing unwanted odours. “Baking soda is a natural deodoriser that can absorb smells, while vinegar has deodorising properties and breaks down odour molecules.” To use this method, start by filling a sink or a large container with lukewarm water and adding the clothes. Add half a cup of baking soda and half a cup of white vinegar to the water - this is around 118ml of each. Let the clothes soak for thirty minutes, then rinse them thoroughly with cold water. Wash the clothes as normal in the washing machine. If the bleach smell is still strong, consider adding another half cup of baking soda and vinegar to the washing machine drum too. Remember to read the care label on clothes before washing and dilute the vinegar as too much of it can “damage” certain materials. Instead of using a dryer, Tor recommended air drying clothes to “avoid worsening the bleach smell”. He explained: “You can do this by hanging them up outdoors under sunlight or in a well-ventilated area with natural light. In case of high humidity, a fan or dehumidifier can speed up the drying process.”