If you have an Android device tucked in your pocket then you need to check that it's fully updated with the very latest software from Google without delay. The US technology giant has just announced the release of an urgent patch which fixes over 60 known issues with one so serious it's been given a "Critical" rating. Google says this most severe flaw could lead to a remote code execution - which basically means an attacker could install malicious software on a device without the user knowing. That could then lead to data being stolen or nasty malware being added to a phone. Explaining more about the bugs, Google said in its security page notes: "The most severe of these issues is a critical security vulnerability in the System component that could lead to remote code execution with no additional execution privileges needed. User interaction is not needed for exploitation. The severity assessment is based on the effect that exploiting the vulnerability would possibly have on an affected device, assuming the platform and service mitigations are turned off for development purposes or if successfully bypassed." Once the March 2023 patch is installed, an attack will no longer be able to take place which is why it's so important to check for any updates. Google says that all Android partners were notified of all issues at least a month before it was publicised. Samsung has already reacted with the Korean technology giant releasing an update to its most popular devices such as the Galaxy S20, Galaxy S21 and new latest Galaxy S23. Other manufacturers will sure to be releasing a similar fix in the coming days. To check for the 2023-03-01 and 2023-03-05 patches, simply open your phone's Settings app. Near the bottom, tap About phone and then Android version. You can then find your "Android version," "Android security update," and "Build number." Here you should also see the prompt to update your device - it's worth noting that some phones update automatically overnight so you might find your device is already running the latest Android OS. If an update is available and hasn't yet been installed then you shouldn't delay as installing the patch will make sure it stays safe from the latest threats.