The Government energy regulator has cracked down on British Gas' force-fitting prepayment meters, forcing the firm to stop the controversial practice until it can evidence it is meeting all of its legal obligations. MPs have requested testimony from the executives of British Gas, Ofgem, and third-party debt collectors over the targeting of vulnerable energy consumers. Among those to be questioned next during the hearing will be Chris O’Shea, chief executive of Centrica, which owns British Gas, and Jonathan Brearley, chief executive of Ofgem, the energy regulator. MPs said they will concentrate on British Gas's role in engaging in aggressive debt collection practices amid the cost of living crisis, particularly the forced installation of prepayment metres. The call for a hearing came a month after an undercover Times investigation found British Gas routinely sent operatives to break into consumers’ houses and force-fit them with pay-as-you-go meters. The most vulnerable families face the threat of being cut off from electricity if they cannot afford to top up these meters. Despite skyrocketing energy prices and freezing temperatures, debt collectors were discovered forcing metres into homes, including one occupied by a single father with three children. A mother of a four-week-old baby and a woman known to have severe mental health problems were also targeted. The agents had warrants to break into the customers' houses, and magistrates' courts frequently approved them in bulk, seemingly without any investigation. Conservative MP Sir Bob Neill, who serves as the justice committee's head, told The Times that he was eager to look into the legal measures required to protect consumers. READ MORE: Octopus Energy's Bulb takeover deal 'unfair' say three rival firms He raised concerns about warrants being issued "in huge bulk". He told the newspaper: "We are concerned about warrants being granted in huge bulk without any apparent real scrutiny. It appears to have been a tick-box exercise. The legislation is quite old and we need to consider whether we need to change it." British Gas is not allowed to force-fit the metres until it can demonstrate that it is in full compliance with all applicable laws, according to a court order obtained by Ofgem, which has launched a "comprehensive, independent, and wide-ranging" investigation into British Gas' practices. Don't miss... Couple wear dressing gowns and 'live in fridge' after British Gas row [REPORT] Ofgem orders removal of wrongly fitted prepayment meters [BREAKING] Ofgem launches British Gas probe over forced prepayment meter fittings [LATEST] The regulator has also started a review of its guidelines for suppliers, which now stipulate that they should only ever force-fit prepayment metres as a last resort, and this should never happen when customers are "in very vulnerable situations". Protecting vulnerable consumers was "an absolute priority," according to Centrica, which apologised for the behaviour of its agents. Centrica also said that it had only ever used warrants as a last resort. In response to the investigation, Arvato Financial Solutions claimed that it "acts compliantly at all times in accordance with the regulatory requirements and that the findings did not reflect the company's opinions or its official guidelines for dealing with customers. READ NEXT:British Gas customer ‘panicked’ to get incorrect £215 energy billMillions eligible for up to £250 free credit for energy billsOutrage as British Gas owner rakes in £3.3bn 'monster profit'POLL – Should British Gas face tougher windfall tax on huge profits?British Gas owner Centrica reports record £2.8bn profits