The highly-anticipated drama based on the bestselling novel by Taylor Jenkins Reid is just around the corner, with the first three episodes of Daisy Jones and the Six finally releasing this Friday. Ahead of the show’s premiere on Prime Video, lead actor Sam Claflin revealed one of the directors had an unusual method for him to get into character. Daisy Jones cast member Suki Waterhouse was rather surprised when her co-star Claflin turned up to an event wearing Billy Dunne’s flares. Waterhouse portrays keyboardist Karen Sirko opposite Riley Keough as Daisy, who joins a group of up-and-coming musicians to form one of the biggest bands in the world. The cast wear authentic and glamorous garb from the 1970s throughout the drama which has already piqued the interest of vintage fashion fans. However, Claflin’s co-stars were baffled when he was the only one to arrive in full costume when they met up before filming started. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ “Do you remember when you got cast and we went for dinner afterwards?” Waterhouse asked Claflin. “And you turned up in the flares?” The model and actress giggled as she recalled the strange sight of the Hunger Games star in full costume, although Claflin was ready with an explanation. “No, no,” Claflin protested at the series’ launch in London. “I have to say this, originally I got cast and I went to a costume fitting first. “They weren’t my own flares! Basically, the director said, ‘You should wear these for the day. Get in character.’” The first five episodes are directed by James Ponsoldt, whilst Nzingha Stewart fills in for most of the second half and one episode is directed by Will Graham. Despite getting Claflin to walk around in costume, the unnamed director’s character-building method wasn’t shared with the rest of the cast for some reason. Their meeting was made especially awkward given to what extent Claflin had gone to create Billy’s look. “I was like, ‘Um, okay’,” he recalled. “And I had a wallet, a '70s wallet, that was in my back pocket.” DON'T MISS:The Rookie Feds fans outraged after being 'misled' by crossover tease [BACKLASH]The Mandalorian fans baffled as premiere explains Cara Dune exit [REACTION]Today’s Savannah Guthrie ‘rushes home’ after falling ill [NEWS] “But we also met the whole cast. We were stood in a room together and I was the only one in costume! “It was the most embarrassing thing. Everyone was like, ‘Oh wow, he’s so method’. No, I was told to do this. Speaking in an American accent the whole day.” Thankfully, Claflin clearly learned from his mistakes as he attended the recent Los Angeles premiere in a sharp red wine suit paired with a black t-shirt. Based on the 2019 novel, the series is already poised to become one of the breakout streaming hits of the year thanks to its scandalous storylines and sultry '70s soundtrack. Aside from the costume gaffe, Daisy Jones and the Six’s casting also doesn’t miss the mark, with Elvis Presley’s daughter Keough starring as the new queen of rock. When asked why viewers should tune in on Friday, Waterhouse said: “I’m going to say for Riley, actually. “Riley Keough, I mean she’s the most unbelievable actress. Her voice… She’s marvellous, absolutely marvellous. I would watch it for Riley Keough.” Daisy Jones and the Six premieres Friday, March 3 on Amazon Prime Video.