Chelsea have been dealt a blow in their pursuit of RB Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol, with Liverpool reportedly opening talks with the defender in the January transfer window. The Blues are long-term admirers of the Croatia international, though several other sides are preparing significant bids for the defender. Despite splashing the cash over the past two transfer windows, Chelsea still need to invest heavily if they are to progress up the table. Graham Potter has paid the price in the Stamford Bridge dugout for inheriting an oversized squad filled with fringe players that are unlikely to have a long-term future with the club. Chelsea have splashed the cash on their defence over the past two transfer windows, signing Benoit Badiashile, Wesley Fofana, Kalidou Koulibaly and Marc Cucurella – with Malo Gusto also set to join in the summer. Though the higher powers at the club are keen to bring in at least one more central defensive reinforcement. Gvardiol was targeted before the start of the season, though Chelsea’s approach came too late in the window and the 21-year-old subsequently penned a contract extension with Leipzig. Though he could still be sold imminently, with Fabrizio Romano reporting that Liverpool are in the race to secure his signature. MUST READ: Chelsea told they've already found their next Thiago Silva Jurgen Klopp’s side made an approach in January but were turned away, with the Bundesliga outfit not keen to part ways with one of their most important players mid-season. Romano said: “Chelsea remain interested in Josko Gvardiol, he’s a player they really appreciated. “Other clubs are now in the race as well, with Liverpool approaching Leipzig over Gvardiol in January. Manchester City are absolutely in the race too, Pep Guardiola is a big fan of the player. Everything is open, but it’s never easy to get a deal done with Leipzig - I think he could be one of the big deals of the summer.” If Liverpool sign Gvardiol then it could be the second issue that they cause Chelsea this summer, with the Anfield outfit leading the race to sign Mason Mount. The England international is out of contract in 2024. Negotiations over an extension have recently broken down, prompting suggestions that the midfielder will be sold this summer rather than the Blues letting him run down his contract down and depart for nothing in 18 months' time. Although he has struggled for form this season, Mount has consistently been selected by Potter and deployed in numerous positions. Thus, the former Brighton boss would need to find a direct replacement in the transfer market – which could come at a more significant price than the fee they are likely to recoup from selling Mount. And losing out on Gvardiol to Liverpool, and also watching Mount move to Anfield, would be a painful experience for the Blues.