Jose Mourinho has reportedly landed in more hot water after receiving his third red card of the season in AS Roma's humiliating 2-1 defeat to Cremonese on Tuesday. Days before his latest dismissal, he is alleged to have booed one of Lazio's players in a U14 derby against Roma. According to Rome newspaper Il Messaggero, Mourinho booed and jeered as a Lazio U14 player stepped up to take a penalty in the clash. The former Chelsea, Manchester United and Tottenham Hotspur boss is claimed to have booed Alexandru Milou from behind the Roma bench as he stepped up to take a spot-kick on Sunday. Mourinho reportedly then demanded that Roma's youngsters dive and fake injury after taking a 2-1 lead. His actions were alleged to have left Lazio staff fuming, with coach Tobia Assumma insisting after the game: "No mister, this is not done." Two days later, Mourinho was sent off as Roma handed Cremonese their first Serie A win of the season after 24 games in Cremona. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Klopp sends Man Utd clear message after Wolves win Frank Tsadjout opened the scoring after 17 minutes before referee Marco Piccini dismissed the Portuguese boss for dissent due to an intense row with the fourth official after half-time. He was forced to watch the remainder of the second half from the stands alongside assistant Salvatore Foti, who was also serving a touchline ban for using insults during the two sides' Coppa Italia clash. Leonardo Spinazzola equalised for Roma in the 71st minute, but Daniel Ciofani's penalty with less than 10 minutes remaining handed Cremonese their first Serie A win in 27 years. Mourinho faces a two-match suspension for his latest antics, meaning he'll miss Roma's Serie A fixtures against Juventus and Sassuolo. DON'T MISS Arsenal told they already have their own N'Golo Kante in Bukayo SakaKlopp has Liverpool trump card as Luis Diaz set to make 'real impact'Man Utd face major test even if Ten Hag masterminds Liverpool win But he wasn't ready to let it go after full-time, threatening legal action against the fourth official, who allegedly said something to spark the Champions League-winning coach's reaction. He said: "I am emotional but not crazy. In order to react the way I did, something had to happen first. I need to understand if I can take any legal action. "Piccinini gave me a red card because, unfortunately, the fourth official does not have the capacity to understand what he said to me. "I want to find out if there is an audio recording. I don't want to get into the fact that Serra is from Turin, and on Sunday, we are playing against Juventus." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here