First, there was the Oprah interview, then the six-part Netflix series, then the publication of Harry’s spiteful tattle-tale book, Spare. And as more and more damaging revelations emerged, we’ve all been asking how many lines Harry would have to cross before the King finally did something about this vengeful couple.  For two years they have dedicated their lives to making millions of pounds heaping bile and vitriol onto a family that has done nothing to deserve it. Well, now we discover that Charles served them with an eviction notice on January 11 – the day after Spare was published. They’ve been told to get all their gear out of the place ASAP. And according to this newspaper, Harry and Meghan were “raging” at their eviction. Are these two for real? What right do they have to rage? They’ve barely been in the house these last three years yet a “friend” reportedly told their UK mouthpiece, Omid Scobie, that “this feels so final, like they’ve been cut out for good”. Hopefully, they have. But what the hell did they expect? Did Harry imagine he could relentlessly heap horse manure onto his father, Camilla, Wills and Kate without consequences? Although in terms of consequences taking a house they’ve barely used away from them is nowhere near as brutal as this pair deserves. But it’s a start.  More importantly, it’s sending a message that, as of now, there is no grace and favour home for them on the royal estates. Frogmore Cottage – with its floating yoga floor – is going to be gifted to the disgraced Prince Andrew. So, if Harry and Meghan want to come back to the UK, they’ll have to make their own arrangements – particularly security arrangements – and, more importantly, pay for them. There’s no free ride on the royal gravy train anymore – which is exactly as it should be. In fact, they should think themselves lucky getting evicted is all that’s happened. If I’d been Charles I’d have made sure the world knew some of Harry and Meghan’s secrets of which I’m sure they are many. But Harry is his son and, despite everything, he still loves him. And, of course, Harry knows that. He also knows all the royals he’s slated are so constrained by their position inside the Monarchy they can never hit back in the way they might like, which has given him the confidence to keep on trashing them. “Harry feels it’s very final and it’s a cruel punishment,” said a friend.  Cruel bloody punishment? What the hell do they think they’ve been doing to the Royal Family these last two years? They’ve been cruelly and unjustifiably punishing them on a global stage for so many perceived (but nonsensical) slights we’ve lost count. Harry punishes his family almost every time he opens his mouth. The only people who’ve been cruel here are Harry and Meghan. Are they really so deluded, so wrapped up in their cotton wool world where everyone says yes to them that they don’t see that making millions by trashing your family and divulging intimate secrets is unutterably cruel? Let’s hope this has sent a message to the couple – that it’s no longer a case of Charles, the father, begging his son and Meghan to come home to sort things out. It’s Charles the King saying: “Enough now – I have a monarchy to run and I must limit the damage to it.” Sources say the Frogmore decision means it’s looking less likely that Harry and Meghan will attend the Coronation. Hurrah, because no one wants them!  Actress Ellie Bamber, 26, who’s about to play Kate Moss in a new film, was pictured at Paris Fashion week in this daring outfit. Did you ever see anyone look so uncomfortable? Kate Moss flaunted her sexuality – Miss Bamber looks terrified of it. Ellie had better start practising “sultry” as opposed to scared before she starts filming!  Three cheers for Kemi Badenoch for kicking out the suggestion that the menopause is a protected characteristic of the 2010 Equality Act giving women paid leave from work in addition to sick leave. Women fought long and hard for equality in the workplace and we don’t now want to be reduced to “special cases” demanding “special treatment”. Menopause isn’t an illness. Women going through it aren’t frail, helpless “victims” unable to function or work without Government intervention. Menopause is part of the female condition that women have been dealing with for centuries. Angela Rayner this week promised that Labour would enforce laws to compel companies to allow menopausal women to work from home, take time off for medical appointments and have flexible hours. Do that Angela and at a stroke you’ll have made 50-plus women a workplace liability who bosses won’t want to employ because of the hassle and expense of having a large chunk of their workforce not at work. Adam Graham, the trans woman Isla Bryson, has been sentenced to eight years – in a man’s jail. First, it’s nowhere near enough for raping two women because he’ll be out in four. Second, what’s the betting he won’t be calling himself Isla or wearing that blonde wig and those tight leggings in jail? Many people expected Boris to rip Rishi Sunak’s Brexit deal to shreds and, if he had, they’d have accused him of being bitter, vengeful and trying to destroy the PM. But he’s merely told the truth that “It’s not about taking back control”. And he’s right. Sunak’s deal may ease some trading and practical restrictions for Northern Ireland. But as for Getting Brexit Done – it’s nowhere close. It still means the EU retains the right to meddle with Northern Ireland’s laws, VAT and state aid and the ECJ, which exists to reinforce EU dogma, will still be the arbiter of trade disputes. Yet still, the Government is treating the electorate like fools saying Rishi has pulled off the impossible, that this is a brilliant deal. It’s an okay deal which still affords the EU control. So, don’t kid yourself it’s Brexit!  Sue Gray’s appointment as Keir Starmer’s chief of staff stinks to high heaven. It also reduces her supposedly impartial report on Partygate and Boris Johnson – which played a major part in his downfall – to dust. Screams of a Boris stitch-up at the time were sneered at by the Opposition. Now senior Tories are saying that’s exactly what this report was from closet Leftie Gray. She was sold to us as having “unimpeachable integrity”, yet her appointment to Starmer’s inner-circle fuels rumours that she was an undercover operator for Labour all along. It’s also looking like the woman who almost single-handedly brought Boris down is being rewarded for doing just that with a top job in the next Labour Government, working for a man who loathed him and saw him as his only obstacle to power. Well, Ms Gray’s report certainly removed that obstacle. And now she flees to Sir Keir with a whole treasure chest of secrets about other Tory MPs which will almost certainly be weaponised by Labour. This supposedly impartial civil servant wrecked Boris’ premiership. And her reward for all that is an influential seat in Starmer’s inner circle. Sue Gray once ran the Cabinet Office’s Propriety and Ethics team which now seems like a sick joke. She clearly isn’t and never was impartial, and the whole Partygate report now looks like a complete stitch-up. After this, we shouldn’t kid ourselves that we’re any different to those corrupt tinpot dictatorships in lawless countries where elections are rigged and the electorate is treated like irrelevant fools. Because that’s what we’re looking like right now!  Jo Brand says she admires the body positive movement but that it’s come too late for her as she’s saddled with the “you shameful hulk” attitude that people had in her day “It was always the first thing people commented on,” she says. Jo should rest easy. Her body isn’t the first thing people comment on. It’s mostly her filthy and very often spiteful mouth! 