Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag could be tempted to lead a mass clear-out at Old Trafford this summer in order to facilitate an expensive spending spree when the transfer window reopens at the end of the campaign. The Red Devils have been among the Premier League's biggest spenders over the last decade but will need to keep shelling out the cash in order to catch up with the likes of Manchester City and Arsenal over the course of next season. United have been linked with several high-profile targets ahead of the summer window, with the likes of Harry Kane, Jude Bellingham and Victor Osimhen set to cost the club hundreds of millions of pounds each if they decide to firm up their interest when the season draws to a close. It would therefore be smart for United to make room for some expensive new arrivals by getting rid of a number of their existing stars, which could also help to stave off the threat of breaking Financial Fair Play regulations over the coming years.It seems plausible that United could raise up to nine figures by getting as many as eight players off their books, with the sales of Harry Maguire, Dean Henderson and Donny van de Beek able to recoup a combined total of over £63million, based on their market values according to Transfermarkt. Alex Telles would also be set to gain United another £12.3m if he is sold, while getting rid of Eric Bailly and Brandon Williams could see the Red Devils raise their combined sales total above the £90m mark.Meanwhile, the likes of Anthony Martial and Victor Lindelof will have just 12 months left on their existing contracts in the summer, which suggests that United may need to sell them for a slightly reduced price in order to avoid losing them for nothing at the end of next season. Transfermarkt has both players valued at £13.2m each with their contract situations taken into account, meaning that United's sales total could end up at £117.8m if they manage to find buyers for all of the above. JUST IN: Gary Neville backs Harry Kane to lead Man Utd to Premier League glory This could entirely fund a big-money move for Kane, Bellingham or Osimhen when the summer market opens in order to boost United's hopes of returning to the top of the English game over the course of next season. All three players are among the best in the business in their respective positions and would certainly be strong additions for the Red Devils, who have already reaped the rewards of signing proven quality this season with the capture of Casemiro from Real Madrid.United could raise their sales total even further if they decide to get rid of Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Luke Shaw and David de Gea, who will also be out of contract at the end of the season as things stand. However, this would leave United needing to sign a new first-choice goalkeeper and two defenders in order to replace them, while Shaw and De Gea are widely expected to agree extended terms to keep them at Old Trafford beyond the summer of 2024. It remains to be seen how United will go about buying and selling players in the summer transfer window, although it is likely to depend on the strategy of any potential new owners if the ongoing takeover process is completed as expected before the end of the current season. Ten Hag knows that cash is king in the Premier League and recently sent a message to interested parties by highlighting the importance of spending power after the Glazers held back from splashing out on reinforcements during the January transfer window."For a long time I think the Premier League was always a two-horse race, but now I think it’s a six, seven, eight-horse race," said Ten Hag. "It’s about strategy but also, of course, it’s about finance. I am here to manage the team, to get the best out of them, and of course I have a job in bringing the right players in." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.