Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have reportedly been issued with an eviction notice by Buckingham Palace to move out of Frogmore Cottage. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex retained the property as their official residence in the UK after stepping down as senior working royals and relocating to the US. But, do you think they should be offered another royal property in the UK? Vote in our poll. The couple is said to be “stunned” by King Charles III’s decision, according to royal biographer Omid Scobie. Writing in a comment piece for Yahoo! News, he alleged the decision came in January, after the publication of Harry’s tell-all memoir, Spare. He claimed the couple were told the property was needed for “someone else”, adding that relations between Harry and Meghan and the Firm were at “an all-time low”. He said: “It's news, sources tell me, that has left Harry and Meghan stunned, and at least two members of the Royal Family ‘appalled.’” Harry and Meghan are reportedly arranging for their belongings to be sent to their home in California and have been given until the summer to move out. Mr Scobie quoted a friend of the couple as saying: “It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. It’s like [the Royal Family] want to cut them out of the picture for good.” READ MORE: Harry and Meghan left 'stunned' by King's decision to evict them The Sun has claimed that Prince Andrew has been offered the Grade-II listed 10-bedroom property, while the couple has not been offered an alternative UK home. An insider told the publication: “This eviction surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan’s time in the UK. Andrew is resisting the idea of moving into Frogmore Cottage after he was offered it last week. But it shows Harry and Meghan are powerless to stop the eviction.” Harry and Meghan were gifted the property on the grounds of Windsor Castle by the late Queen Elizabeth II after their marriage, and they spent an estimated £2.4million renovating the property into one home from five separate properties for staff working on the Windsor Estate. The couple lived there for most of 2019 and have returned to the property a handful of times since they moved to the US. They brought their two children – three-year-old Archie and one-year-old Lilibet – to Frogmore Cottage during their visit to the UK for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last June and last visited in September when they stayed until after the Queen’s State funeral. So what do YOU think? Should Harry and Meghan be given another UK royal home? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.