Assuming Britain is one of them (the next UK election must be held by January 2025), the UK could end up as a major outlier as several countries are likely to see a shift to the right or a continuation of conservative domination. Of course, the biggest election of 2024 will be in the US, where debate rages about whether Democrat President Joe Biden will stand again. According to a recent Emerson poll, former Republican President, Donald Trump, now leads Mr Biden 46 percent to 42 percent. However, Mr Biden is now beating Florida's Republican Governor Ron DeSantis by 44 percent to 40 percent in a head-to-head match-up. Other recent polling also makes for good news for the former President, including a Yahoo News/YouGov poll which saw Mr Trump with an eight-point lead over Mr DeSantis. Yet, only recently, another poll by Marquette Law School found Mr DeSantis beating Mr Biden, with Mr Trump polling neck-and-neck with the President. A victory for the Republicans - with either Mr DeSantis or Mr Trump as the candidate - could see a major boost for conservative forces in the US. The upcoming election in November 2024 will be especially closely watched by Beijing, as the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) analyses which candidate could be most threatening to their chances of moving on the island democracy of Taiwan. In many respects, all three candidates have shown teeth when it comes to the CCP, although it is understood Beijing views Mr Biden as the weakest in the event of war, with Mr DeSantis more of an unknown quantity. That said, the CCP is unsure whether the Republicans' tough talk disguises an 'America First' policy which would see Washington bail on Taiwan. The CCP is however confident that the Republicans would be less helpful towards Ukraine should the war in that country rumble on, something which could help Russia but also harm China if it leads to renewed focus on Asia. Of course, there is Taiwan itself, where a presidential election will also be held in 2024. A Taiwanese election would not usually be considered of global importance except it is taking place in the world's biggest hotspot. Right now, the Taiwanese nationalist Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is in power, but the opposition Kuomintang (KMT) sees hope for an upset, even with polls in the DPP's favour. As with the US election, Beijing will be watching, with the outcome likely influencing the CCP's next move. Little wonder Beijing looked to curry favour with the KMT during a recent visit to Beijing by a senior Taiwanese opposition figure. While the KMT favours closer ties with China, it strongly denies being pro-CCP, and with good reason. Support for unification with China is at a record low in Taiwan. In 2022, Taiwan's National Chengchi University's Election Study Center (ESC) found just over one percent wanted unification as soon as possible. Overall, just seven percent of Taiwanese want unification now or in the future, while a slim majority want the status quo now or indefinitely, and nearly one-third back formal independence at some point. Nearly three-quarters of Taiwanese are also willing to fight in the event that China uses force, according to the Taiwan Foundation for Democracy. Taiwan - like the US - will be on the look-out for Chinese interference, given recent revelations about alleged CCP activity in Canada's last election. Sticking with Asia, there is also set to be an election in India in 2024, with conservative nationalist Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, likely to triumph again. While popular, the rule of Mr Modi's Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has seen growing tensions with India's sizeable Muslim minority, while in recent years there have been border clashes with China and growing tensions with Pakistan. New Delhi may also come under pressure to abandon its traditional non-aligned position as tensions with China rise. Can the stakes be said to be as high in Britain, as Labour maintains its lead over the Conservatives? Sir Keir Starmer's party is positioning itself as the party of business and the Union, as the Conservatives look on, seemingly exhausted by over a decade in power. Internationally, Labour is less of a known quantity. Back in 2020, Sir Keir did say the UK should impose human rights sanctions on China. More recently, Shadow Chancellor, Rachel Reeves, warned the UK must cut its economic reliance on Beijing. Other than that, it is uncertain how Labour would manage a more assertive CCP should it come to it. Finally, within Europe, it is also worth mentioning one especially important election this year. In Poland, the conservative-nationalist United Right alliance - led by the Law and Justice party - will be looking to hold on to power, even as polling tightens. United Right fears that recent head-butting with the EU over apparent rule of law violations is an attempt by Brussels to influence the Polish election, especially given conservative nationalist Viktor Orbán won a fourth term as Hungary's PM last year. The EU certainly has every reason to want United Right out of power. As global tensions rise therefore, the outcome of these elections could be critical. Poland's election aside - which is more likely to impact the EU, and influence the ongoing cultural Iron Curtain which divides the bloc between a liberal west and conservative east - these elections could have a major impact on the Asia-Pacific and wider world. In the meantime, conservative and nationalist forces look to consolidate power or mount a comeback. In that sense, the UK looks set to be an outlier, a legacy of the Tories' failure to capitalise on the party's support over the last decade. 2024, it seems, is shaping up to be a heck of a year for international politics.