The Pitch Perfect singer has a mutual friend with Prince Harry and bumped into the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in Santa Barbara. She rushed to introduce her mother to the pair and told Watch What Happens Live host Andy Cohen, she believes Prince Harry is "naturally warmer" than his wife. She explained: "We went up to Santa Barbara, met Harry, he could not have been nicer." "Had you known them before?" Andy asked the actress. Rebel continued: "No we just had a mutual friend in common, a polo player. "But then, Meghan was not as cool." READ MORE: James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air  Explaining her comments, Rebel added she believes her mum made the moment awkward. "Meghan wasn’t as naturally warm, but then, maybe, my mum being Australian asked her all of these slightly rude questions, like 'Where are your kids?'" she said. "And I was like, 'Mum don’t ask her that!'" Andy added: "Maybe that’s why she was a little stand-offish." "Maybe that’s why she was like, 'Who are these annoying convicts from Australia?'" Rebel laughed. She went on to assert Harry "was very lovely" despite her mum's questions. It comes after Lizzie Cundy spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and said she was happy the royal couple have been told to leave Frogmore Cottage. Harry and Meghan have been told to clear out the home they lived in at the start of their marriage. DON'T MISS...Harry and Meghan may demand massive payout over eviction debacle [LATEST]Harry and Meghan previously dropped hint about Lilibet's christening [UPDATE]Harry and Meghan ‘missed chance to elevate themselves’ in Hollywood [INSIGHT] Speaking at the Together For Short Lives ball on Friday, Lizzie said: "Hurrah, at last. "King Charles is showing he has really got the crown jewels and he is showing he's in charge and the boss. "I'm so pleased he has taken control, I know he doesn't like confrontation. I know he's weak at times but now he's showing his real strength. "And this is the start, we have got the coronation, which is the best thing." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex's spokesperson confirmed they were asked to vacate the royal property earlier this week. "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage," they said in a statement. Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen airs on Bravo.