Russian hackers have posted naked photos of cancer patients on the dark web after their healthcare provider refused to pay a ransom. The attack targeted Lehigh Valley Health Network, based in Pennsylvania, which runs 13 hospitals and 28 healthcare centres. The network said that, among other things, the shadowy group posted three intimate photos of cancer patients receiving radiation oncology treatment. The Russian-linked hacker group BlackCat is thought to be behind the breach. The same hackers are thought to be behind the attack on Italy's state-owned energy company last September. "This unconscionable criminal act takes advantage of patients receiving cancer treatment, and LVHN condemns this despicable behaviour," the healthcare provider said in a statement. On February 6, the healthcare group found "unauthorised activity" on their network and law enforcement.  A month later, the hackers issued a statement saying they had "been in your network for a long time", and had accessed patients' passports, personal data and nude photos. The provider said that seven documents containing patient information were leaked along with the photos. BlackCat, also known as ALPHV and Carbon Spider, threatened healthcare provider ahead of the leaks. "Our blog is followed by a lot of world media, the case will be widely publicised, and will cause significant damage to your business," the hacker group said in a message.  READ MORE: Prince Harry trying to brand Meghan Markle as 'Mother Theresa' It added: "Your time is running out. We are ready to unleash our full power on you." The gang has largely targeted US healthcare services since it first appeared in November 2021. Although it's unclear how much money the group wanted, the Department of Homeland Security said that BlackCat had asked for as much as $1.5 million in the past. Dr Pablo Molina, the chief information security officer for Drexel University, told WPVI that BlackCat targets hospitals because "this is where the money is".  Don't miss... Harry and Meghan’s relationship with Netflix threatened by Chris Rock [REPORT] Mystery as dad found 'rotting' in rolled up carpet [ANALYSIS] Harry and Meghan request to trademark 'Archetypes' declined [INSIGHT] Molina added that this created a "dilemma" because "we all know that if we pay a ransom they will use that money to, in turn, conduct more attacks. "So it’s not only that we’re losing the money, but also we’ll facilitate future attacks." Several high profile cyber attacks have rocked the United States in recent years including a 2021 attack on a major fuel pipeline on the East Coast which caused a panic in the US. Colonial Pipeline is believed to have paid the hackers a ransom of $5 million prompting fears that criminals would launch more high profile infrastructure attacks. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 