The UK will be hit by an icy blast this week with a snow and ice warning in place for much of the UK. Temperatures are set to plummet across the country with only the southern most tip of England escaping from the Met Office’s yellow warning.   From the northern most tip of Birmingham to the isles of Scotland the warning is for snow and ice. According to the Met Office, rain will turn to snow bringing the chance of some disruption to transport and infrastructure. Icy surfaces are likely later. This means it is likely that some roads and railways will be affected with longer journey times by road, bus and train services. There is also a danger of injuries from slips and falls on icy surfaces and there may be icy patches on some untreated roads, pavements and cycle paths.  This warning is in place until 11am tomorrow.   From Birmingham downwards the Met is warning about strong and gusty southwesterly winds which may lead to some disruption, particularly for prone high-sided vehicles. It says people in the windy areas should expect delays for high-sided vehicles on exposed routes and bridges, short term loss of power and other services is a possibility. There are also likely to be some delays to road, rail, air and ferry transport are also some trees may be damaged. Some bus and train services will probably be affected, with some journeys taking longer. The wind warning is in place until 6pm tonight. READ MORE: Fury as council will not say if travellers got parking fines  But there is no let up for the north of the country tomorrow with the Met Office's snow and ice yellow warning remaining in place from the northern tip of Birmingham upwards. It says that there will be rain, sleet and snow followed by ice and this is likely to cause some impacts to travel. It comes as the Met Office's cold weather alert splits the nation up into three sections. The south of England in its entirety is in the green zone, which urges winter preparedness and action. But the further north you go the cold weather alert increases - with the Midlands under alert and readiness and the northern regions under an amber severe weather action alert. This is just one below a national emergency.    Don't miss... Scientist warns UK could be hit by 'mega tsunami at any time' [ANALYSIS] Meghan Markle ridiculed by SNL as 'Hollywood is laughing at her' [WATCH] US Navy aircraft breaches Iranian airspace as it 'goes off course' [REPORT] It says: "There is a 90% probability of severe cold weather/icy conditions/heavy snow between 3pm today and 9am on Thursday, March 16 in parts of England. "This weather could increase the health risks to vulnerable patients and disrupt the delivery of services. "Colder air will spread southwards Monday evening and overnight behind a band of rain, which will turn to snow in places, particularly in northern England. "Temperatures will then fall, with widespread frost and ice forming by Tuesday morning. Tuesday will see cold conditions with hail, sleet and snow showers, and another cold night will follow. "On Wednesday milder air will spread in from the Atlantic again, with a brief spell of snow on its leading edge turning quickly to rain."  