Lewis Hamilton won't be penalised for wearing a nose stud at the Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend despite the jewellery ban for F1 drivers. As part of an FIA clampdown, the competitors are liable to be fined if they don't comply with new regulations on jewellery and underwear, amid a fear of complications if they are caught up in a fire. The proposals were announced last year, ahead of the Miami Grand Prix. The 38-year-old responded by turning up to his media conference defiantly wearing multiple rings, necklaces, and watches. Hamilton had initially appeared in hot water at the Singapore Grand Prix last year for wearing a nose piercing, but was later let off after he had been advised not to remove it due to the risk of infection. He was then granted a medical exemption. And tongues were wagging again when the seven-time world champion carried on as normal in Bahrain this week with the stud still inserted. But a stewards’ report has confirmed the F1 icon won't be sanctioned, again for medical reasons. READ NOW: Red Bull boss Christian Horner expects 'real surprise' from F1 rivals ahead of Bahrain GP "The Stewards having heard from a team representative and receiving a medical report from the team doctor of Mercedes AMG-PETRONAS F1 Team, which requested an exemption," the report read. "The Stewards consulted the FIA Medical Delegate, who viewed the medical report, examined the driver and concurred with the opinion therein. We have determined to take no further action as there are concerns about disfigurement with frequent attempts at removal of the device." DON'T MISS:Christian Horner reignites FIA feud as Red Bull boss gets sarcastic over £5.8m fineMercedes deal Red Bull blow as they snap up Christian Horner's ex-ally before F1 seasonLance Stroll issues worrying update during Bahrain GP practice after return from injury Where the British driver may struggle to find an exemption, is over the FIA’s new rules on political statements. He seemingly defied them by wearing a rainbow design on his helmet when stepping into his new W14 for FP1. Hamilton, meanwhile, faces a tough task ahead on the race track this weekend. He endured a difficult two practice sessions on Friday. He was 13th in FP1, before improving to finish 8th in FP2, admitting afterwards his team was "a long way off" the front-runners.