A lucky commuter narrowly avoided a serious injury when a metal 25-pound tile plummeted from a subway ceiling as she made her way across the station. Shocking video footage captures the moment the subway ceiling tile, which roughly weighed 11-kilograms, plunges to the ground inches from where the woman is walking at a Boston subway station in the US. The woman is seen walking towards the train platform's staircase when the 10-foot tile plummets to the ground, causing a plume of dusty smoke to rise. The commuter appears frozen in shock before regaining her composure and side stepping the crash site. The woman narrowly avoided an injury from the incident, which occurred at Harvard Square subway station in Massachusetts. The commuter, identified by 7News as Cianna Navarro, said the incident has left her nervous to travel on the subway. “Physically I’m fine, but I’m really shaken up,” she said. “I was just walking and the next thing I know, the ceiling is coming crashing down in front of me.” DON'T MISSHorrifying moment tourists in Mexico are 'dragged' into van [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's Coronation invite may be their 'last' [LATEST]Mother wipes out family in horrific murder-suicide [REPORT] Ms Navarro said she thinks the panels should have been removed sooner. “It’s another layer of fear that’s added onto my commute, having to worry and look over my shoulder or look over my head. My life shouldn’t have to be put in danger for them to make necessary changes,” said Ms Navarro. The panel could be as old as 45 years, according to Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority’s Interim General Manager Jeff Gonneville. READ MORE: Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying', claims royal expert The tile — which was constructed “for aesthetics and to absorb noise” — had become corroded after water accumulated inside the panel insulation, he said Friday. The tile gave way after the metal rivets holding it in place became too weak to hold up the 10-foot panel in place. A preliminary investigation found the tile fell, at least in part, due to corrosion from water. The tile weighed roughly 11-kilograms when it plunged inches away from the commuter’s feet - thanks to the water build-up. Similar ceiling tiles have since been removed from other stations on the same train system. Gonneville claimed the panels did not raise suspicions during a 2021 safety inspection, but admitted the tiles were difficult to examine. “It’s actually very difficult to get up and actually physically be able to inspect the area,” the transit head said.