Andy Murray has insisted that he will 'not be going nuts' if Wimbledon decide to allow Russian and Belarusian players to compete at the All England Club this summer. Players from both countries were banned last year by tournament organisers in light of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, with the move generating plenty of controversy and leading to Wimbledon being stripped of its ranking points. A removal of the ban is expected for this year, though, which would see the likes of Daniil Medvedev and Aryna Sabalenka allowed to take part at Wimbledon for the first time since 2021. Murray has insisted that although he sees why it would be a tricky call for Wimbledon chiefs to make, he would like to see Russian and Belarusian players featuring at the tournament and expects them to be reinstated before the action gets underway. "It's a really difficult one and I do feel for the players who weren't able to play last year, but I also understand the situation and why it's really hard for Wimbledon to make a call on it as well," Murray told BBC Sport. "My understanding is that they are going to be allowed to play and I'm not going to be going nuts if that is the case. But if Wimbledon went down another route I would be understanding of that." JUST IN: Medvedev is dangerous in Indian Wells as winning streak tipped to last Murray previously insisted that he was not a fan of last year's decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players from Wimbledon but claimed that it was difficult to find the right answer to the situation and slammed the government for leaving tournament organisers without a viable alternative. "I'm not supportive of players getting banned," said Murray at the time. "The guidance from the government was not helpful. My understanding of the guidance was that Russians and Belarusians can play if they sign a declaration that they're against the war and against the Russian regime. "I'm not sure how comfortable I would feel if something happened to one of the players or their families [as a result]. I don't think there's a right answer. I have spoken to some of the Russian players, I've spoken to some of the Ukrainian players. "I feel really bad for the players who aren't allowed to play and I get that it will seem unfair to them, but I also know some of the people who work at Wimbledon, and I know how difficult a position they were in. I feel for everyone, feel for the players that can't play, and I don't support one side or the other." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here