The devastated family of a gifted young school boy who took his own life at the age of just 13 years old have shared an emotional tribute. Noah Gamero was passionate about acting and was even told he could win an Oscar by an audience member who watched one of his performances, his mother said in a tribute after an inquest on Thursday (March 10). The teen was succeeding at school, came from a supportive family and had lots of friends. He wanted to be a doctor in line with his desire to help people. But in private, Noah had suffered from "dark thoughts" of self-harm in the past, stemming from feelings of low self-worth. He fell to his death from the top of a shopping centre car park in Hull on the afternoon of March 23 last year. Four hours before his death, he went missing from his school — Hymers College. At the inquest, Senior Coroner Professor Paul Marks concluded that Noah's death was a suicide. Ms Gamero said in a statement after the inquest: "Losing Noah has been utterly devastating. We simply don’t have the words to express how deeply it has impacted our family, of which he was the beating heart and soul. We all absolutely adored him. "Nobody who knew Noah can understand why this happened. He seemed happy, confident, engaged and was achieving well at school. He was very happy at Hymers, where he was actively involved in the School Council and was a member of the Equality Society. "He also really enjoyed his time at the NAPA performing arts academy. Noah loved to perform and he lit up the stage. As a family, we’re so grateful for the continued support we’re receiving from both Hymers and NAPA." The inquest heard Noah had fallen 60ft from the third floor of St Stephen’s shopping centre car park, where a woman heard a loud bang. The woman, who was returning to her car, said she was unable to help Noah as there was a locked gate where he was found. She and others called 999 and unsuccessfully tried to climb the gate to help. Noah was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary and then transferred to Leeds General Infirmary where a CT scan showed extensive brain injuries and other internal injuries and fractures. The decision was made not to operate and Noah’s life support was switched off. Ms Gamero said Noah had many things to look forward to, which added to her surprise at the coroner’s conclusion. She said: "In the days before he passed away, Noah took part in a school production of Les Miserables. He completely immersed himself in the role and was told by numerous audience members afterwards that he would win an Oscar one day. "Noah was excited about a number of things he had planned, including a Comic Con event and a trip to Loch Ness. He was also really looking forward to performances he’d been cast in, including Wind in the Willows with NAPA, as it was always acting that excited him most. "Noah remains the most extraordinary and beautiful soul we’re ever likely to know. It was an honour and privilege to be his mum and share his short, yet full and vibrant life." During the period between his disappearance and his death, Noah visited a McDonald’s in Kingswood, a modern housing estate six miles away from the school. The trip still baffles the family as Mcdonald's wasn’t his "favourite food" and he wasn’t familiar with the area, according to the family. He also texted his parents to say he was going to an after-school club, which was not true. During the inquest, Charlotte said Noah was part of a tight family unit and called him her "love bug" because he would tell people he loved them and "gave hugs that squeezed the life out of you". Noah’s dad was a qualified pilot and worked all over the world. The family stayed in Indonesia for six months when he was stationed there but returned to the UK when Noah hit school age. He was also a strong advocate for the LGBT+ community and was involved with the Hymers Equality Council. He was fascinated by Japanese culture, taught himself the language and had plans to go to the country one day. In keeping with his generous and selfless nature, the decision was made to donate his organs. His actions will be recognised when he will be posthumously awarded the Order of St John United Kingdom Award for Organ Donation later this year. Despite his loving family and successful school career, he was known to have struggled with his mental health. A pupil at Hymers alerted the school after reading messages containing dark thoughts. Noah admitted he had feelings of low-self worth and not being good enough and complained of "too much toxic masculinity". Ms Gamero said in her statement: "I told Noah just how special he was and we cried together. I told him if anything happened to him it would break my heart. He said the thoughts were in his head and not based on reality." Noah also reportedly had some issues with another group he was involved with, which weighed heavily on him for a time. But it is understood the issues were fixed a few weeks before his death. He went to school on March 23 last year as usual but never registered for afternoon classes. CCTV later captured him leaving the school and heading to Spring Bank in Hull. He turned off an app on his phone called Live 360 that allowed his family to know where one another was. Ms Gamero said: "It was so out of character for him to leave school and to lie to us. Why was he eating McDonald’s which isn’t his favourite food in an area he wasn’t familiar with?" Hymer College headteacher Justin Stanley gave evidence at the inquest. He explained the reason Noah’s absence was not chased up that afternoon. He said: "That day we had around 100 pupils off with Covid along with 30 percent of our staff. His form tutor was also off that day and because of this we didn’t follow up on the absence in the way we would normally do." Mr Stanley described Noah as a "remarkable young person" in his tribute, explaining how much of a lasting impression Noah made on everyone. He said: "Quite apart from his obvious talent and love of the theatre and performance, Noah had an eclectic taste in music, was passionate about all things Japanese and was, by all accounts, developing his skills to become a first-rate chef. "Many people have described how Noah would light up a room with his big smile and warm personality. He was bright, generous-hearted and possessed of wisdom beyond his years. "Noah was a free spirit and his tolerance, capacity for kindness and strong social conscience were a lesson to us all. As a school, we are much the poorer for Noah’s loss but we shall all be enriched by our memories of him and the many ways in which he touched our lives. "In the years ahead the cherry tree planted in our grounds in tribute to Noah will serve as a fitting memorial to his wonderful life and personality. The thoughts and prayers of the whole Hymers community remain with Noah’s family." If you are having extreme feelings of suicide or self-harm, please contact any of the following: The Samaritans or call 116 123   