Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has joked that Drive to Survive's impact on F1 has made the sport "like the Kardashians on wheels". F1's popularity has sky-rocketed in recent years, particularly in America with ESPN agreeing on a multi-year extension on their deal to broadcast the sport costing them £70million per year - up from just £4m per year previously. An average of 4.14 million viewers worldwide tuned in for the opening weekend of Drive to Survive's fourth season last year. That American impact has also been made evident on the F1 calendar with 2023 set to play host to three US races. The Miami Grand Prix was added to the calendar last year to accompany the race in Austin. But this year will see the inaugural and hotly-anticipated Las Vegas Grand Prix down the famous strip. F1 owners Liberty Media have been praised for the changes they've made behind the scenes in helping the sport reach a new audience. And Horner has likened F1's growth worldwide to the popular US show 'Keeping up with the Kardashians'. "We've seen massive growth," he told Bloomberg. "I think the whole phenomenon through Drive to Survive has just introduced Formula One to a whole new audience, a younger audience and very much an American audience "I think out of the 25 new partners that we've introduced in the last three years, 21 of them are US based and three are in the Fortune 500. Formula One is on fire at the moment and what Drive to Survive has done, it's done a great job of explaining the sport and bringing in a new fanbase. A young fanbase, a female fanbase as well. Don't miss... Lewis Hamilton crashes Alonso interview with touch of class in Bahrain [LATEST] Lewis Hamilton American accent: Why F1 star has US twang  [LATEST] David Coulthard disagrees with Lewis Hamilton's thoughts [LATEST] "[It's] showed some of the characters and some of the competition that goes on behind the scenes. It's a bit like the Kardashians on wheels at times." The penultimate race of the year in Las Vegas is set to be a blockbuster occasion with 170,000 fans expected to descend on 'Sin City'. And Horner has no doubt the whole weekend in Las Vegas will live up to expectations. “I think it will be the biggest sporting event on the globe this year,” he added. “The demand for that race is off the charts. Anybody who is anyone will be at that weekend.”