Period drama Endeavour has explained a lot about Inspector Morse Endeavour's early years, slowly turning into the grumpy, cynical man that fans are more acquainted with. Actor Shaun Evans has portrayed the younger version of the iconic inspector since 2012 with ITV viewers loving his portrayal. Sadly, Endeavour is coming to an end, with just one more episode to air which features a few surprises. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Endeavour.Fred Thursday's (played by Roger Allam) son Sam Thursday (Jack Bannon) was last seen in season five of Endeavour when he discovered a murder had taken place at his army base. He didn't make another appearance as he was only mentioned in the series eight finale when it came out Sam had gone missing. He was sent to Northern Ireland to try and maintain the peace but his whereabouts were unknown, leaving his family worried sick. Sam hasn't been talked about in season nine but it has been confirmed that he will feature in the season nine finale. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers Endeavour's Sam Thursday is portrayed by actor Jack Bannon who has starred in a plethora of well-known shows and films. Bannon has had roles in Shadow Play, The Giblet Boys, The Imitation Game, Fury, Ripper Street, Clique, The Loch and Medici, just to name a few. His biggest part to date though has been as leading man Alfred Pennyworth in the HBO series Pennyworth. The drama tells the origin story of Alfred, a former special forces soldier living in London, who goes to work for Bruce Wayne's - aka Batman - father. Pennyworth ran for three seasons before being cancelled earlier this year. Endeavour actor Jack Bannon was born on March 24, 1991, which makes the star 31 years old. He will be marking his 32nd birthday in just a couple of weeks time but as he is very private when it comes to his personal life, it isn't clear who he will be celebrating with. Bannon didn't share any details in terms of what he got up to on the day last year. He only posted a promotional video the day before, sharing that Pennyworth seasons one and two were now ready to watch on HBO Max. Don't miss... Prince Harry blasted by royal expert over Princess Lilibet's title  [ROYAL] Amazon's 'cheap to run' heated airer is reduced to under £50 in sale  [DEAL] Endeavour's finale has a very poignant title signalling the end  [EXPLAINER] As predicted, Bannon is among one of the youngest stars in ITV's Endeavour. His onscreen father Allam is 69 years old and his partner in crime solving, Morse Endeavour star Shaun Evans is 43. The eldest member of the main cast is Ch Supt Reginald Bright star, aged 71. Bannon's sister Joan Thursday is portrayed by actress Sarah Vickers who is 38. Endeavour season nine, episode three, will be entitled Exeunt. The description for the final ever episode reads: "Morse's investigation into a number of untimely death notices in the Oxford Mail, each with a cryptic message, takes him to a series of funerals before forcing him to confront his own mortality. "Thursday is facing more than one confrontation of his own as his past closes in on him, while he resorts to desperate measures to protect those he loves most." Endeavour season nine concludes on Sunday, March 12, at 8pm on ITV.