Despite only delivering the news headlines to Good Morning Britain viewers on Thursday, viewers were incredibly distracted by Kate Garraway's appearance. Kate, 55, was dressed in an all green ensemble with matching shirt and trousers, which divided those tuning in as some compared her to the Incredible Hulk. Kate showcased her figure in the tight-fitting outfit, which featured flared trousers. She paired these with a long-sleeved green blouse, which also featured a roll-neck. Her blonde locks were swept back off her face while she sported minimal make-up. While Kate shared the latest headlines, viewers rushed to give their opinion on her outfit. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 Taking to Twitter, @LynnMissyJ posted: "@kategarraway looking absolutely gorgeous in green today! Love this outfit." "@kategarraway Fabulous green outfit this morning. Stylish and elegant," @MargaretOvendean added. @macaroni_pie shared: "Kate is a day late for dressing up as a leak. #gmb," @Vindictus13 asked: "Is Kate Garroway channeling The Hulk today ? #GMB." @MilesBentley17 posted: "@kategarraway Kate looking great this morning in that tight green outfit, esp the trousers. It's best when she's the main presenter." While viewers were distracted by Kate's outfit, on Wednesay's Good Morning Britain, Susanna Reid suffered an awkward wardrobe malfunction. The presenter had to rush to "cover up" after suffering a "crisis" just minutes before going on air. Co-host Ed Balls told her: "It is amazing what you can do in terms of activity in an outfit and still manage to emerge serene." DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly shares health update as she returns to ITV [LATEST]Kate Garraway addresses 'obsession' which 'infuriates' GMB co-star [VIDEO]Ben Shephard has head in hands over Kate Garraway's confession [INSIGHT] "What are you referring to?" Susanna asked as Ed continued: "That's a very nice brooch you're wearing this morning." Explaining her unexpected accessory, the host explained: "Oh yeah, I had a bit of an outfit, wardrobe crisis this morning, "I put an outfit on that seemed to blend into the background, so the director with two minutes to spare said 'Is there anything else in your wardrobe?' "So, at two minutes to six, I nipped into the wardrobe and found this, didn't realise it needed a bit more buttoning up." Ed added: " have never read a news headline from the autocue whilst simultaneously trying upzip you from the back. "There was a team of eight sorting out Susanna's dress, maybe 12." Susanna clarified: "It wasn't a team of eight, it was a team of one, wonderful Holly. Congratulations in wardrobe who managed to do the cover-up." Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV from 6am.