The journalist behind the release of Matt Hancock's WhatsApp messages today warned him not to enter an "ugly fight" with her. Isabel Oakeshott fired back at the former health secretary after he denied her claim that he sent her a "menacing" message when a newspaper began publishing stories on the leak. In a statement this morning, Mr Hancock said he is victim of a "massive betrayal and breach of trust" and denied the disclosure of the Covid-era messages was in the public interest. But Ms Oakeshott hit back: "I'm really reluctant to get into any kind of slanging match with Matt Hancock, it isn't about him. I could say plenty of things. And perhaps I will be pushed so far that I have to, I'm really trying not to." "I would prefer to maintain the moral high ground. If Matt Hancock wants to enter into an ugly fight with me, then that would be an interesting judgement on his part, I wouldn't advise it." Speaking to Times Radio, she added that it is "patently absurd" for the West Suffolk MP to insist there is no public interest in the messages she breached a non-disclosure agreement to leak and said he is "making a fool of himself". In a further lengthy statement this afternoon, Ms Oakeshott said she makes "no apology whatsoever for acting in the national interest" over the leak of the former health secretary's correspondence. She said: "Hard though it may be for him to believe, this isn't about Matt Hancock, or indeed any other individual politician. Nor is it about me. The greatest betrayal is of the entire country. "We were all let down by the response to the pandemic and repeated unnecessary lockdowns. "Children in particular paid a terrible price. Anyone who questioned an approach we now know was fatally flawed was utterly vilified, including highly respected and eminent public health experts, doctors and scientists. "So far from being protected, the NHS may never recover, as millions of patients condemned to year-long waiting lists are discovering." "Meanwhile the economy is in smithereens. It is now essential that the public inquiry, set up almost two years ago, quickly establishes deadlines for its work and answers the urgent question about whether lockdown, with all its impacts, was proportionate. These issues must be addressed well before the next general election," she said in her statement. "Against this backdrop, the Telegraph expose is clearly in the overwhelming public interest. The outpouring of support I and the paper have had from ordinary people who suffered - and are still suffering - the consequences of the mistakes we are exposing shows how desperately the nation wants answers. "I make no apology whatsoever for acting in the national interest: the worst betrayal of all would be to cover up these truths." Ms Oakeshott's comments come after Mr Hancock earlier denied sending her a threatening message after the leak was reported in the Telegraph on Tuesday night. He said: "I am hugely disappointed and sad at the massive betrayal and breach of trust by Isabel Isabel Oakeshott. "I am also sorry for the impact on the very many people - political colleagues, civil servants and friends - who worked hard with me to get through the pandemic and save lives."  He said there was "absolutely no public interest case for this huge breach" because all the material used for his Pandemic Diaries book was given to the Covid public inquiry. Mr Hancock continued: "As we have seen, releasing them in this way gives a partial, biased account to suit an anti-lockdown agenda. "Isabel and I had worked closely together for more than a year on my book, based on legal confidentiality and a process approved by the Cabinet Office. "Isabel repeatedly reiterated the importance of trust throughout, and then broke that trust. "Last night, I was accused of sending menacing messages to Isabel. This is also wrong. "When I heard confused rumours of a publication late on Tuesday night, I called and messaged Isabel to ask her if she had 'any clues' about it, and got no response. "When I then saw what she'd done, I messaged to say it was 'a big mistake'. Nothing more. "I will not be commenting further on any other stories or false allegations that Isabel will make. "I will respond to the substance in the appropriate place, at the inquiry, so that we can properly learn all the lessons based on a full and objective understanding of what happened in the pandemic, and why."  Ms Oakeshott last night claimed she received a "somewhat menacing message" from Mr Hancock in the early hours of Wednesday morning. She told TalkTV's Piers Morgan Uncensored: "I received a somewhat menacing message at 1.20 in the morning. I am not going to repeat what was in the message. I think you can easily surmise whether Matt Hancock is my friend at this point." And Ms Oakeshott today declined to withdraw her claim about the threatening message. She told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "I'm saying that he sent me a message at 1.20am in the morning. It wasn't a pleasant message." 