Daisy Jones And The Six is the latest must-binge show on Amazon's Prime Video streaming service. And best of all, you can stream the limited series without paying a penny. For those who don't know, Daisy Jones And The Six is an adaptation of the bestselling book of the name same by Taylor Jenkins Reid. The author has published a string of successful books, including The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo, Malibu Rising, and One True Loves, which are set within a shared universe with a number of throwaway references to the characters and events from other novels. Daisy Jones And The Six follows the rise and fall of a beloved rock band during the 1970s. The TV show relies on a mock-documentary style, with members of the fictional band reflecting on past events in a series of interviews set in the present day. The musical-drama series stars Riley Keough as titular Daisy Jones, Sam Claflin, Suki Waterhouse, and Timothy Olyphant. A full-length album, Aurora, with songs produced based on what was described on the page by Taylor Jenkins Reid was released by Atlantic Records on March 2 with the lead vocals performed by Riley Keough and Sam Claflin. In total, Daisy Jones And The Six will consist of 10 episodes. Amazon released the first three episodes on March 3, 2023, with bundles of multiple new episodes released weekly each Friday until March 24, 2023. Best of all, you can watch every episode of Daisy Jones And The Six on Prime Video for free. Yes, really. Amazon currently offers a 30-day free trial of its Prime Video streaming service – with everything included in the streamer's expansive catalogue available to stream or download to watch offline. Test out the streamer HERE to start watching the limited series Daisy Jones And The Six without paying! Your Prime Video trial will unlock all previously-aired episodes of Daisy Jones And The Six as well as all new episodes that air within the next 30-days. That will cover the complete 10-episode run of the show. Of course, during the Prime Video trial, you'll also be able to take advantage of the dizzying number of other TV shows available on the streamer, including The Grand Tour, which sees Jeremy Clarkson reunite with ex-Top Gear teammates Richard Hammond and James May to travel the world to complete challenges in vehicles, superhero satire The Boys, The Lord Of The Rings: The Rings Of Power – a critically lauded prequel to the original trilogy (and widely believed to be the most expensive show ever commissioned), award-winning The Marvellous Mrs. Maisel, drama series The Rig, alongside a slew of documentaries and blockbusters, including Somebody I Used To Know, Shotgun Wedding, My Policeman, Good Luck To You Leo Grande, Tenet, and House Of Gucci, to name just a few. Cancel anytime during the 30-day free trial period and you won't be charged. Even if you've taken out a Prime Video trial in the past, you're still highly likely to be eligible to test out the streamer again. That's because Amazon regularly offers free trials to its customers, with most accounts able to test out Prime Video, Audible, and Kindle Unlimited once a year. Prime Video is a standalone streaming service to rival the likes of Netflix, Disney Plus, and Paramount Plus. It costs £5.99 per month. However, it's also included as part of an Amazon Prime membership, which also includes next-day delivery on thousands of items sold on Amazon, 100 million songs from Amazon Music Prime, ad-free podcasts, ebooks to read via the Kindle app, unlimited cloud back-up for your photos, free PC games via Prime Gaming, an upgraded Deliveroo account, and much more. Amazon Prime costs £8.99 per month or £95 per year. Amazon premiered Daisy Jones And The Six on Friday March 3, 2023 with the first 3 episodes of the limited series. Each episode takes the title of a music track. The next batch of 3 episodes (or "tracks") was released on March 10, 2023. Amazon will release a further bundle of two new episodes on March 17, with the final two episodes in the season dropping on March 24, 2023. That means you'll be able to binge-watch the entire limited series within the 30-day free trial period offered by Amazon – costing you nothing! Daisy Jones And The Six was produced exclusively for Prime Video, so you'll only be able to stream the show if you have a subscription to Prime Video (£5.99 per month), Amazon Prime membership (£8.99 per month), or have taken out a 30-day free trial. You'll need the Prime Video app to stream (or download to watch offline) the latest episodes in the talked-about faux docu-series. Thankfully, Prime Video is available on a dizzying number of different platforms, including Smart TV models from manufacturers like Samsung, Philips, Panasonic, and Sony, Amazon Echo Show and Fire TV devices, iPhone, iPad, Android phones and tablets, Blu-ray players, games consoles, streaming set-top boxes from Roku and Apple TV, Sky Glass, Sky Q, Sky Stream, Google Chromecast, a web browser on any desktop PC or laptop, and many more. The Prime Video app is free to download (or might be preinstalled on your Android TV, Sky Glass, Sky Stream, or Roku device). The quickest way to get up and running is to select "Register on the Amazon website" during the sign-in process. You'll be given a code to enter on a given website, which lets you type in your email address and password on a tablet, laptop, or phone (much better than slowly typing out a secure password with the keypad on your telly remote). Some devices also show the option to "Sign in and Start Watching", which uses your Amazon account information from another app. The official synopsis reads, "Based on the best-selling novel by Taylor Jenkins Reid, Daisy Jones & The Six is a limited musical-drama series detailing the rise and precipitous fall of a renowned rock band. In 1977, Daisy Jones & The Six were on top of the world. Fronted by two charismatic lead singers— Daisy Jones (Riley Keough) and Billy Dunne (Sam Claflin)—the band had risen from obscurity to fame. And then, after a sold-out show at Chicago's Soldier Field, they called it quits. Now, decades later, the band members finally agree to reveal the truth. This is the story of how an iconic band imploded at the height of its powers." The latest trailer for the exclusive Prime Video show can be streamed below. To coincide with the release of the limited series, a full-length album was produced by Atlantic Records. As depicted in the show, Riley Keough and Sam Claflin provide lead vocals on the tracks. The album, entitled Aurora, was composed, performed, and produced by Blake Mills – who was previously nominated for GRAMMY for his work with Alabama Shakes on their breakthrough album, Sound and Color. Mills, who also performs as a solo artist, enlisted the help of musicians including Phoebe Bridgers, Chris Weisman, Jackson Browne, and Marcus Mumford on the album for the fictional 70s rockers, Daisy Jones And The Six. The album is available to buy as a limited edition yellow vinyl, and can be streamed on the biggest music platforms, including Spotify, Apple Music, and of course, Amazon Music too. The novel will be adapted into 10 episodes, with each instalment roughly falling somewhere between 45-minutes to one-hour. Each episode is titled like a song, however, these are different to the tracks on the Aurora album from the fictional band. The full list of episodes follows below – READ MORE