An "Orthodox rabbi" who became famous on TikTok for adopting nine boys as a single dad has been charged with sexual assault after one of his sons accused him of years of sexual abuse. Hayim Nissim Cohen, 38, from Texas was charged last month with sexual assault and continuous sex abuse of a child under 17 after one of his sons phoned into a podcast to allege the abuse of a number of his brothers. The child claimed that Cohen had bribed the boys and threatened to kill them if they ever spoke out. The son also said police had visited their home at least eight times in the past. Six of the boys have been removed from Cohen's home and placed into protective custody. They range from eight to 18 years old, this does not include three older adopted boys. In addition, Cohen is accused of faking his Orthodox Judaism and his disabilities. He is often pictured in a wheelchair with an oxygen tank and claims to have grow up in a Hasidic Jewish community in New York City.  However, records show that Cohen is in fact from Odessa, Texas and that his real name is Jeffrey Lujan Veji, according to the pro-adoption advocacy group Reduxx. When the child called into the podcast, he used a burner phone to to avoid detection by Cohen. He said he wanted to remain anonymous for fear of his adopted father. Chief prosecutor for the Harris County District Attorney's Crimes Against Children Division, Janna Oswald detailed some of the allegations against Cohen. She told the Houston Chronicle that Cohen would allegedly force the boys into a room for a long period and then allegedly sexually assault them once they were released.  READ MORE: Prince Harry interview 'doesn't explain why he is so destructive' One of the victims accused Cohen of pepper spraying them if they didn't do what he asked. Cohen allegedly used his religion and a social media profile to try to hide his true nature. That social media profile included a TikTok page with more than 200,000 followers as well as popular YouTube, Facebook and Instagram profiles. On Cohen's website, he wrote: "Our mission is to help provide support and understanding from a Jewish perspective. Our goal is to reach out to other homeschooling families in order to create a network. "We are open to all levels of observance. Please feel free to contact us with any questions or suggestions!"  Don't miss... Wife finds husband's mummified body in 'hoarder home'  [REPORT] Beijing warns US-China 'heading for conflict and confrontation' [ANALYSIS] Moment woman narrowly avoids getting crushed by falling ceiling tile  [INSIGHT] Harris County District Attorney's Office prosecutor Janna Oswald told ABC13 of the alleged abuse: "This was a household of boys that were extremely abused and neglected, groomed. "They were threatened. They were in fear of their safety, and he utilised a grooming of the community. "His grooming was not just of a child, but also the people around the children in the most offensive way." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 