Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William attended the St David’s Day Parade in Windsor on Wednesday. The Princess wowed in an Alexander McQueen red coat, but it was her gloves that caught royal fans' eyes. Royal fan @foundbybojana tweeted: "The Princess of Wales visited the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards to attend the St David’s Day Parade in Windsor. "As confirmed by the designer Evica Milovanov-Penezic she wore one of their designs. They were first seen on Kate Middleton in 2006." The fashion expert added: "According to the designer, Kate owns over 10 Evica gloves and purchased them in a small London shop. "Kate's gloves were part of the riselle embroidery collection." READ MORE: Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests Royal watcher @windsorwatcher added: "The gloves Kate wore today are over 17 years old! "She first wore them to William’s Passing Out Parade at Sandhurst in 2006!" Kate Middleton fan @lovefamilywales commented: "Omg love this! She wore red again and barely changed... in fact, she got prettier with time." Twitter user @EddieFoskew wrote: "A small detail that tells us so much about who Catherine is. Cherishing the old and bringing the new.  "I’m gushing, sorry. The whole team are so solid and dedicated, it may be unfair to pick out one, but my God she has got this. She has completely nailed it." Social media user @royalobsessed_ said: "The fact she wore them at his Passing out Parade and then again on his first salute as Colonel of the Welsh Guards. We stan a sentimental Queen. "Apparently the designer revealed she actually bought nine pairs all those years ago, which makes me wonder what other items she has multiples of!" Royal fan @pamelamarie1974 commented: "My admiration for Catherine grows and grows. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home "Who can find gloves worn 17 years ago and wear them again because they look fabulous? I’ve got about two dozen single gloves." The Princess paired her red Alexander McQueen coat with her Gianvito Rossi suede boots. In addition, she carried her Mulberry Amberley bag in black for some added glamour. Kate's hair was pulled back into a bun, and she was seen wearing a black Bow and Arrow hat from Juliette Botterill. The Princess accessorised with some beautiful Daisy Heritage earrings from Asprey. Kate also wore the Welsh Guards Badge. This is a diamond brooch in the shape of a leek. This is the cap badge of the Welsh Guards. Kate is not the first to wear this brooch. The late Queen Elizabeth II wore it in the 1960s, as did Princess Diana in the 1980s.