Pep Guardiola has confirmed that Vincent Kompany will become Manchester City manager one day amid his impressive start to life in the Burnley dugout. The Citizens boss also responded to continued links between Erling Haaland and Real Madrid fueled by the former's agent. Kompany will return to the Etihad Stadium later this month as Burnley face Man City in the FA Cup quarter-finals, with a trip to Wembley at stake. After an impressive maiden coaching stint at Anderlecht, the Belgian took charge at Turf Moor last summer and has overseen a dominant Championship campaign. Burnley are 12 points clear at the league summit and will soon confirm their quickfire return to the Premier League, but there could be bigger avenues on the horizon for Kompany to consider. Ahead of Saturday's clash against Newcastle United, Guardiola reacted to the FA Cup draw by hailing Kompany's transition from Premier League-winning defender to successful coach. And he admitted 'it's going to happen' when asked whether he could one day take his place in the City hot seat. JUST IN: Gary Neville makes Premier League title promise to Arsenal fans He told reporters: "I'm impressed with the consistency. The Championship is difficult. Unbelievable. They're close to Premier League promotion, and I'm delighted for him personally... "Sooner or later, he will be manager of Man City, but I am not sure when. I have not spoken to him about it. He knows the club, the environment. The destiny is there..." Guardiola will, for now, be fully focused on guiding City to a third consecutive Premier League title. However, he is having to battle continued speculation surrounding the future of Haaland, the star of his squad this campaign. DON'T MISS Man Utd takeover meetings finally set as 'bidders learn deadline'US political figure 'involved' in Leeds takeover bidPiers Morgan praises Arsenal trio and backs surprise star for award The prolific Norwegian's agent Rafaela Pimenta recently described Real, heavily linked before he joined City, as 'dreamland'. Guardiola refused to be drawn to the speculation, pushing Pimenta's comments aside as if he had grown tired of the subject. "No, I don't answer to agents. No comments," Guardiola briefly responded to questions over Haaland's future. City can temporarily cut the gap to Arsenal back to two points if they defeat Newcastle at the Etihad on Saturday. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here