Tony Bellew has slammed the proposed purse split for a showdown between Tyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk. The boxing world is clamouring for a historic unification bout between the two men who hold all the belts on offer in the heavyweight division.  It was initially revealed by Usyk’s promoter, Alex Krassyuk, that the Gypsy King had refused to accept a purse offer of 60/40 to the winner. Fury hit back and demanded a 70/30 split in his favour, and even claimed he would deduct a percentage for every day that Usyk did not accept the counter-offer. WBA, IBF and WBO heavyweight champion Usyk was willing to accept the offer, as long as the Mancunian agreed to donate £1 million of his earnings to Ukraine amid the ongoing conflict with Russia. Though no official announcement regarding a fight date and venue has been made, the WBA have confirmed that the fight has been agreed. But Bellew, who lost his last ever fight to Usyk, claims the Ukrainian has got the short end of the stick. “60/40 would have been fair. Do you think 70/30’s fair when a man’s got three belts and you have one? Has it ever happened in the history of boxing before like that?,” he said to iFL TV. JUST IN: Tommy Fury set for second big payday as KSI makes public Jake Paul statement When the interviewer pointed out the star power Fury possesses, Bellew added: “I don’t doubt that for a second, he is the lead name, but 70/30’s taking the p***.” Not only will the bout be a winner-takes-all affair, but both boxers' undefeated records will be on the line. In a chat with talkSPORT, former WBC cruiserweight world champion Bellew insisted Usyk is not being paid his worth for this fight. “Oleksandr Usyk has sold himself well short,” Bellew commented. “He’s bowed to every demand and I think it’s crazy that he’s done that, but it is what it is. He’s done it for the good of boxing and he’s done it for the bettering of his country and that’s the kind of man he is, I’ve faced him, I know all about him.” Don't miss... Usyk already in talks with Fury alternative as fight falls into doubt [LATEST] Tyson Fury accused of asking for 'too much' for Oleksandr Usyk fight [LATEST] Ex-Joshua trainer lifts lid on serious training camp issues for Usyk  [LATEST] The last fight of Bellew’s career came against Usyk in November 2018, with the Ukrainian winning via a eighth round knockout to claim the WBA (Super), WBC, IBF, WBO, and The Ring cruiserweight titles. And coming off two victories over Anthony Joshua, Usyk will be relishing the chance to take out another Brit. “Tyson Fury’s style has changed over these last few years, ever since he went under the tutelage of SugarHill [Steward] of the Kronk [gym]," Bellew added, who thinks Usyk will end Fury's unbetan streak. "His style has completely changed, he’s no longer this big awkward fighter, who uses his elusiveness as an advantage. “He is now someone who is an aggressive counter puncher, he looks to hurt fighters and get rid of them. That change of style will play into Oleksandr Usyk’s hands, it really will, and I’m tipping Oleksandr Usyk to win.”