Cristiano Ronaldo appeared to burn bridges with Manchester United and the club's young players with his brutal interview to force an exit in November. But his unmatched influence has proven to be a valuable parting gift for many members of Erik ten Hag's squad, including Anthony Elanga. Among the many aspects of United that Ronaldo slammed in his interview with Piers Morgan, he criticised the attitude of Ten Hag's young stars. Elanga broke into the first team last season, making 27 appearances, often alongside the 38-year-old in Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick's attacks. He's played a further 22 times under Ten Hag, primarily used as fresh legs off the bench as he competes for places with Marcus Rashford and the club's expensive imports. And Elanga has labelled Ronaldo an 'inspiration', claiming he understands where he was coming from with his criticism of United's younger players. The Sweden international revealed he spent lots of one-on-one time with Ronaldo in the United gym, undoubtedly proving pivotal in his early development. JUST IN: Man Utd eye move for prolific teenager dubbed 'the next Luis Suarez'  He said: "Cristiano talks about young players in general. We are a new generation. I am always 100 per cent focused on what I am doing, but I can understand what he is saying. "There are a lot of phones and a lot of technology. It's quite easy for young players to get distracted and lose focus. "I always focus 100 per cent on my job and what I do. Young players at United are listening, but I can understand what he is saying. "He means a lot to me. He has helped me a lot, not only on the pitch but off it as well. DON'T MISS Liverpool boss Klopp sends Man Utd clear message after Wolves winVan Dijk answers critics as Liverpool ticket debacle speaks volumesArsenal told they already have their own N'Golo Kante in Bukayo Saka "He is an inspiration, not only to me but to all the young players at United. Sometimes it was just him and me at the gym." Elanga also insisted that the manner of Ronaldo's exit and his explosive comments hadn't impacted his opinion of the five-time Ballon d'Or winner. He reiterated that Ronaldo had benefitted him in the early stages of his United career, maintaining his status as the club legend who returned to Old Trafford in 2021. He added: "No, not so much [my opinion hasn't changed]. Because when I'm with him, he hasn't changed. He is still Cristiano Ronaldo to me. He has helped me a lot." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here