A tattoo addict's inkings are so comprehensive that she's now been banned from tattoo parlours. Mum Melissa Sloan, 46, has been branded a "lost cause" over the three layers of ink on her face. In the past, she's gone as far as getting three new designs a weekand even carries a tattoo gun around with her at all times in case she's inspired to get yet another tattoo. She also ropes in the help of her partner Luke, who etches the body art into her skin "prison style". But her DIY tattoos put off professionals, who reportedly refuse to work with her.  Melissa told Daily Star: "Tattoo shops shut the door on me – tattooists won't let me in. "When I had this done [my face], there's one about five miles up the road and they won't do it."  Melissa giggled when she explained why she thinks that tattooists don't want to touch her face. "They won't do it because I'm beyond – beyond help because I've gone too far," she chuckled. Melissa will now have to refrain from getting larger more intricate pieces done, like the homage to the Kray Twins she has on her calf. But that has not dulled the mum's spirits. READ MORE: Six dead and injuries reported in shooting at Hamburg church  And after airing her grievances on TikTok, she claimed a tattoo artist reached out to her and offered her a free session in the chair. "I'm shocked that the tattoo artist is accepting me for who I am because they don't see behind me [the tattoos] but he's offered me to go," she shared. "I'm very surprised." As Melissa tries to secure her appointment in a tattoo shop, she has wasted no time fulfilling her three-a-week quota at home in the meantime. She has added to her collection since she last spoke with us about covering her face with makeup that ended up scaring her primary school aged children.  Don't miss... Teenager struck by gritter lorry fighting for his life in hospital [INSIGHT] Olivia Pratt-Korbel's mum tells court of horrific moment girl was shot [LATEST] Mother, 31, grins during arrest after abandoning kids for two months [COMMENT] "I've [now] got three layers on the face, I'm doing another line across my nose and then the nose is gone and I'm going to get a 'moustache'," she shared. "I got 'RIP' for my mum as I needed a space covered up [on my hand]. I've got one on my head as well - a unicorn. "I'm getting another as I just like unicorns because it's not threatening, is it?" 