Ex-Liverpool star Steve McManaman has urged his former side to push to sign RB Leipzig star Josko Gvardiol, despite the club having a plethora of defensive options. Several other Premier League clubs have shown an interest in the centre-back and it is widely believed that he will be at the centre of a big-money bidding war that will take place in the summer. The Reds are plotting a major overhaul at the end of the season, with the higher powers at Anfield recognising that manager Jurgen Klopp is facing an uphill battle with his current crop of players. Although the squad is full of talent, several stalwarts are coming to the end of their careers and lack the energy to play in the intense, energetic system. Defensively, Liverpool have also left plenty to be desired despite that being one of their biggest strengths in years gone by. Virgil van Dijk has not been at his usual best this season, with injuries also preventing the Dutchman from having a regular defensive partner. McManaman believes that, despite there already being options in Merseyside, the Reds should strive to strike a deal with Leipzig for transfer target Gvardiol at the end of the season but admits that he feels a clear-out may be needed first. He told Betfair: “He’s young, he’s experienced with RB Leipzig and Croatia and he likes Liverpool, doesn’t he? “It’s easy to say that he would be the perfect defensive addition they can make this summer, but it all depends on what Liverpool have got because if they bring in another centre-half. “They’ve got Ibrahima Konaté who’s young, they’ve got Virgil van Dijk, they’ve got Joël Matip and Joe Gomez, so somebody would have to leave for this move to happen. “Is he a great centre-half? Yes. Is he young? Yes. He ticks all the right boxes but I just don’t know whether Liverpool will bring him in as they’d have to get rid of at least two centre-halves to keep everybody happy. He’s a wonderful player but I just don’t know about that one yet.” According to Sky Germany, Gvardiol had a £90million release clause added to the contract extension that he signed last summer which will become active in 2024. Though clubs are not expected to wait until next year to prise him away from the Bundesliga, with Chelsea, Real Madrid and Manchester City all long-term admirers of the 21-year-old, along with Liverpool.