  Alison Steadman, 76, has slammed Prince Harry, 38, for being a “disgrace” to the royal family thanks to his recent memoir, Spare. The Gavin and Stacey star advised the Duke of Sussex to “shut up” and admitted she “couldn’t bear” to look at the book.     The Rise and Fall of Little Voice actress explained why she is not impressed with Prince Harry following the release of Spare. “I think it’s very sad and I’m really glad the Queen isn’t alive to witness it,” she admitted. “I think it’s a disgrace. It was his prerogative to leave the royal family and they let him, so I think he should just get on with it and shut up. “I won’t read the book. I can’t bear to look at it in bookshops,” she added in an interview with The Mirror. READ MORE: Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable     The Marie Curie ambassador went on to speak more positively about King Charles, whom she met in 2019 when he visited the hospice in which her mother stayed. “He’s lovely,” she recalled. “He’s a very warm and friendly man. You don’t feel intimidated in any way. “I met him before, some years ago, and he’s probably seen me on telly and he just turned around and went, ‘Oh! Hello, hello,’ and it was just like meeting a fan. “I think he’s doing very well as our King and I think when he gets the crown on his head we’ll all be very proud.”      She added that she hoped King Charles and Camilla, Queen Consort “weren’t offended” by the scenes in which she and co-star Larry Lamb, in character as Pam and Mick, impersonated the royal pair on Gavin and Stacey. During the interview, Alison also opened up about her role as an ambassador for Marie Curie, which is a charity that cares for people diagnosed with terminal illnesses. The organisation cared for her mother, Marjorie, when she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 1994 and spent her final days in a hospice in Liverpool. Alison is best known for playing Pam, the mother of titular character Gavin (Mathew Horne), in Gavin and Stacey. READ MORE... Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint [NEWS] Piers Morgan claims Charles has 'drawn a line' after kicking out Harry [NEWS] Rod Stewart offers to pay US treatment for fan unable to walk [INSIGHT]     However, the star has also had an interesting and varied career both in films and on stage. In 1991, Alison won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress for her role in Life Is Sweet. In 1993, she went on to win an Olivier Award for Best Actress for her role as Mari in The Rise and Fall of Little Voice. The star first made her professional stage debut in 1968 and went on to establish her career in Mike Leigh's TV plays, 1976’s Nuts in May and 1997’s Abigail's Party.      She has also received BAFTA TV Award nominations for the 1986 BBC show The Singing Detective and in 2001 for the ITV drama series Fat Friends. Speaking about whether she thinks Gavin and Stacey will ever return, she admitted that there was “no whisper of it”. However, she went on to reveal she “would love to do another special” and that she had “never been sadder” than when the series wrapped up. THE MARIE CURIE GREAT DAFFODIL APPEAL, WHICH IS HELD THROUGHOUT MARCH, RAISES MONEY TO HELP SUPPORT PEOPLE AT THE END OF LIFE. FOR MORE INFORMATION AND TO DONATE, VISIT MARIECURIE.ORG.UK/DAFFODIL   