 Kathryn Newton, 26, stars in the latest MCU instalment as Ant-Man’s teen daughter Cassie Lang, receiving the most screen time as the character thus far. While Kathryn’s initial casting caused some controversy in 2020, the actress spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain how she ended up leading the launch of Marvel’s Phase Five in the first place.  Kathryn braved the February chill in London as she attended the UK gala screening of Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. Surrounded by her famous co-stars like Paul Rudd, Michael Douglas and Evangeline Lily, the 26-year-old gushed over what an “honour” it is to be a part of the film at all. She shared: “I’ve been acting since I was four. It’s not like it’s happened overnight. “I was involved in Marvel for like three years and they’d been thinking about finding a spot for me for a while. READ MORE: Courteney Cox finally reacts to Prince Harry's claims he did mushrooms at her home “When I read the script for Cassie Lang and they offered to me, it was perfect.” Kathryn revealed that she had been a fan of Ant-Man and the character of Cassie Lang long before she realised she would be playing her someday. “I love the Cassie Lang I met in the first movies and the fans…it makes me feel like people really love Cassie. “They love the Cassie that they met and I’m really excited for them to meet this version of Cassie.” Abby Ryder Fortson, 14, originated the character on-screen in 2015 when she was just seven years old and the moniker was taken over by Emma Fuhrmann, 21, in 2019 for Avengers: Endgame. Kathryn added: “It’s continuing the legacy of this girl who has so much magic and joy. “They were all amazing actresses. How cool to be a part of a legacy like that? I think that this version of Cassie is like nothing you’ve seen before.” She continued: “This has been a dream of mine since I was really little and I didn’t take it for granted, the opportunity.  “I had the most fun. Nobody had more fun than me. “I was never tired, I was never hungry, I was never complaining because I was so in the moment.” Sealing the deal for Kathryn was that she “got to work with Paul Rudd every day” as she questioned who could turn down that opportunity. When it was announced in 2020 that Emma would not be returning to the role of Cassie, even though she was still age-compatible unlike Abby, die-hard fans were sent into an uproar. Screen Rant reported that the actress-switch was likely due to Kathryn’s higher star power, having led films like Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension and Detective Pikachu.  However, this is not what angered fans as the outlet reported that Emma wasn’t told she had lost the role and instead learned of the news with the rest of the public when her replacement was announced. In December 2020, barely a week after the announcement was made, Emma took to Twitter writing: “Just wanted to come on here and say that I see all your kind messages. Thank you for all your support. It has meant the world to me. “I was as sad as you all were to hear the news Thursday. I can only hope that this means there is something else for me in the future of the MCU. “I will always be grateful to have been a part of the MCU and the biggest movie of all time. Being an actress is still my number one passion and I look forward to what the future holds.”