A Senator was clipped fuming with the head of a labour union during a fiery committee hearing. Markwayne Mullin, who entered the upper chamber in January, grilled Teamsters chief Sean O’Brien at the Senate's health, education, labour and pensions committee.  He said: "What job have you committed or have you, have you started? "What job have you created? One job. "Other than sucking the pay check out of some other body, somebody else that you want to say that you’re trying to provide because you’re forcing them to pay dues." O'Brien replied: "No, we don't force them to pay dues." JUST IN: Donald Trump to publish private letters from Princess Diana and Oprah in explosive book Committee chairman Bernie Sanders, who ran for the White House in 2016 and 2020, interjected: "Senator, you’ve asked the question." O'Brien, who earned roughly $193,000 in 2019, said: "You’re out of line." Mullin responded: "Don’t tell me I’m out of line. You need to shut your mouth." The argument was started after Mullin claimed the union's pipe-fitters tried to intimidate him and his 300 plumbing employees to organise in 2019.  The MMA-fighter-turned-Senator took over his family's business Mullin Plumbing aged 20 after his father fell in. O'Brien added: "You are out of line. You frame, you frame the statement." The Teamsters chief could also be heard heckling: "Tough guy." Mullin is said to have a net worth ranging between $31.6million and $75.6million in 2020, according to personal financial disclosures analysed by Oklahoma newspaper Tulsa World.  DON'T MISS: DeSantis 'laying groundwork for 2024 bid' after Trump's speech [REVEALED] Joe Biden branded 'out of touch' after 5.2% federal pay increase [INSIGHT] Biden's Budget hits 'winning issue' as he can channel 'populist' anger [SPOTLIGHT] O'Brien retorted: "We hold greedy CEOs like yourself accountable. "You want to attack my salary, I’ll attack yours. What did you make when you owned your company?" He later frustrated Mullin by adding: "You mean you hid money." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews