Marty Singer has allegedly been nicknamed "Mad Dog" for his "ferocious pitbull" style tactics, and is thought to have represented Prince Andrew, Bill Cosby, Sylvester Stallone, Scarlette Johannsson, Bruce Willis and Charlie Sheen in the past, to name just a few. His advice doesn't come cheap, reportedly boasting an eye-watering £800 per hour price tag - but Nicola Peltz's billionaire businessman dad is said to have taken on the challenge. 80-year-old Nelson Peltz is suing Nicola Braghin and Arianna Grijalba over claims they were unable to live up to their promises as wedding planners. The pair were recruited at the last minute, just six weeks before the huge £3 million event that Brooklyn and Nicola enjoyed last spring. They were replacements for another planning company, which left by "mutual agreement" previously - and Nelson then sent the new planners packing just nine days later, declaring the wedding a "s*** show". The pair stand accused of being unable to cope with the size of the occasion and making a series of mistakes on everything from the guestlist to the shade of white on the flowers. READ NOW: A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue Nelson now wants his £132,000 deposit returned to him - but Arianna and Nicola have since fired a counterclaim for breach of contract in a Miami court, meaning the bitter battle is set to continue. The entrepreneurs have accused Nelson of being a "bully billionaire" and intend to fight back, seeking damages of £41,000. They also are set to be seeking costs from Nicola, who was allegedly too busy to speak on the phone at times, her mum Claudia, and the wedding designer Rishi Patel. A claim has even been made that the bride blew a mammoth £85,000 on hair and make-up for the big day, and that the planners were requested not to tell her dad. One source, published in the Mirror, suggested: "The feeling is this could spiral out of control and end up affecting Nicola and the rest of the family very badly. "The hope is that Singer can stop that happening." The source added that Nicola had called in "the big guns" and is pulling out every stop to assert her case. "He is ferocious in legal battles and his reputation precedes him. Hiring him will cost millions but she and her family feel it’s worth the money," the insider concluded. The award-winning lawyer entertainment lawyer, who Mike Myers declared a "mean son of a b****" at one glitzy showbiz do, has also been described as a "real-life superhero" by actress Scarlette. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams Clarkson fans wanting Lineker axed after Meghan row [DEBATE] Camilla deep in conversation with Love Island's Megan Barton-Hanson [PICTURES] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen causes stir with bloody photos [LATEST]  Text messages reportedly sent between Nicola and the wedding planners have already gone public, and seem to demonstrate frustrations. Referring to Formula 1 racing driver Lewis Hamilton, she wrote: "We spoke to him. He can’t come so explain why you said he rsvpd yes." The planner replied with an apology, telling her that she needed time to learn how to use an app. "I hate looking like a fool but I hate the most not giving you what you need ASAP. I will be back soon," she wrote. Yet in a subsequent text message, Nicola seems to suggest another list has not been sent to her, venting: "This is not what I asked for. "I ASKED FOR OUR INVITE LIST. IN. VITE. NOT. RSVP. Can u manage to send that to me?"(sic) Other details that have been released are the bride-to-be's complaint that the flowers for her wedding weren't "white enough". Meanwhile, Nicola was accused by the public of undermining her now husband by telling the planners not to trust him over how many members of the Beckham family ought to be invited: "Do not trust Brooklyn with this. You should be asking an assistant," she allegedly wrote, adding: "He has no idea. And is guessing."