Meghan Markle has made one public appearance since Prince Harry released his tell-all memoir Spare, stepping out for dinner last week in California. According to body language expert Dr Louise Mahler, she claims Harry airing his dirty laundry and unresolved issues in public via his book and other television interviews could be “embarrassing” for Meghan whose values are “about forwarding” herself. Dr Louise spoke with Australia 7 News’ Sunrise and “made observations” about the royal couple. She suggested Harry and Meghan’s current situation is “a disaster”. Looking back at when Meghan joined the Royal Family, the expert said “she started off and there was no question that her values were about forwarding Meghan… And about covering that with a bit of charity work”. She added: “I analyse people for a living, it’s what I do, and I could see in her, her intention was for herself. “She’s an actress, and I see, not just one-off incident, but over time, how she has changed her approach [when in public]. READ MORE: Royal style rule Princess Anne reportedly 'turns a blind eye' to “She changes her approach, she changes her walk, she changes her smile, she changes her arm swing, and she changes fast and at the moment depending on what she feels is required. “Now, none of that says to me that ‘love is in the air,’” the expert claimed. In terms of Harry’s body language in the early years, Dr Louise saw “complete devotion [and] connection [in] everything he did,” referencing “his eye contact, his touch, his distancing” with Meghan. Meghan, on the other hand, was apparently more focused on her public appearances, Dr Louise claimed. DON'T MISS:Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ [EXCLUSIVE]Cook ‘evenly crispy bacon every time’ with chefs unusual method [VIDEO]‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert [COMMENT]  Dr Louise also claimed there was a “discrepancy in the power balance,” and suggested Meghan didn’t “buy into the royal life”. “The royal life was merely ‘how can I use this to take me forward for what I want to do,’” the expert added. Instead, Dr Louise suggested Meghan “fought against it [royal life] all the time”. The expert went on to say how they led a “fantastic, a fabulous life, an interesting life”, but more recently when Harry’s “issues” have come to the forefront, it might’ve caused “tremendous embarrassment for Meghan and her image”. READ MORE: Kate's style mistake proves she’s ‘mastered the art of fashion' She added: “He’s [Harry] angry… so, he writes a book. And it comes out, and it comes out, and it comes out. And then it's kind of got ugly. “This is very unattractive - because which part of this is putting Meghan forward? Which part of this is helping a charity which is what she likes to do?” As a result, Dr Louise claimed “there’s nothing attractive about what’s he’s [Harry] doing and now their image is destroyed,” before “predicting this isn’t going to last”. Prince Harry’s memoir Spare, is the fastest-selling nonfiction book of all time, but there are several reasons why Dr Louise might suggest his book and TV interviews could be “embarrassing” for Meghan. Topics the Prince mentioned in his book include his penis (more than once), losing his virginity to a mystery woman in a field behind a pub, taking psychedelic mushrooms at a celebrity’s house, wetting himself, and taking laughing gas that was prescribed to Meghan while she was in labour with Archie. As for whether Meghan and Harry will attend King Charles’s coronation this summer, the expert opined: “She [Meghan] will weigh it up; ‘how will it benefit me?’” Dr Louise suggested there would be “nothing benefitting” Meghan if she attended, but said Harry could “turn up” and recommended him not “turning up with Meghan as she’ll draw attention”. Dr Louise Mahler’s is accredited in MBTI, a Master Practitioner of Neuro-Linguistics and certified in level 1 and 2 of Estill voice work. She has also completed an award- winning PhD around the unsung wisdom of the mind-body-voice connection she named Vocal Intelligence.