Paddy (played by Dominic Brunt) decided against taking his own life on the latest episode of the ITV soap and was escorted back to Emmerdale village by Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) and his ex-wife Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter). However, Paddy has a long road to recovery ahead as his mental health remains at rock bottom. The following day, the loveable vet was smothered by his loved ones, feeling like he was unable to breathe. /latest/emmerdale Marlon and Chas tracked a suicidal Paddy down on the latest instalment of the ITV soap and found him in a field holding a gun. The vet eventually put the weapon down and returned to the village with them, but his troubles are far from over and it will take him a lot of time to mend. His family and friends crowded around Paddy when he was back at home and it all got a bit much for him. The following morning, his best pal Marlon called round and asked how he was feeling. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview Paddy turned around and shut the door after telling Marlon: "I'm sorry but I can't do this today." Later on, Chas was talking to Marlon and other members of her family at The Woolpack when she said: "We are not just talking about having an off day, are we? Paddy wanted to kill himself." But teenager April Dingle (Amelia Flanagan) overheard Chas and came rushing around to Paddy's house begging him not to take his life. Fans took to Twitter to criticise Chas, who cheated on Paddy with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman), for being around him following his suicide attempt.  Mike tweeted during the episode: "Too many people are surrounding Paddy. He can’t cope with that all at once #Emmerdale." Ryan suggested: "Chas should leave the village to give Paddy some space. He's done nothing wrong and needs time and space to heal." Paul Gibbons fumed: "Why are you still there Chas? Leave and let him heal. #Emmerdale." Bobby said: "This is the most powerful storyline I’ve ever seen #emmerdale." DON'T MISS... Emmerdale fans 'work out' beloved character returns to save Paddy Kirk [LATEST]Emmerdale's Laurel Thomas makes huge mistake with Marshall  [SPOILER]Phillip Schofield admits talking 'saved me' after Emmerdale storyline  [INTERVIEW] @Liadsky added: "If Chas really wants to help him, she should leave him well alone #Emmerdale." Tina penned: "#Emmerdale The fact that Chas is still sitting there having anything to do with Paddy and his mental health is absolutely ludicrous and so wrong." Mary commented: "Paddy needs Marlon. He's really vulnerable now because he's ashamed and embarrassed too. "Marlon is the only one he can really trust with his pain and his heart #Emmerdale." (sic)  Emmerdale fans will remember Chas was having a sordid affair with Al for months behind Paddy's back last year. The breakdown of his marriage is one of the reasons Paddy has been feeling so depressed in recent months. Perhaps it would help him heal if Chas had a few weeks away from the Yorkshire Dales? Emmerdale airs on weeknights from 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 