Blue Bloods returned to screens on Friday with another thrilling instalment to season 13, this time Danny Reagan (played by Donnie Wahlberg) teamed up with Waylon Gates (Lyle Lovett) on an important case. Fans were over the moon with the Ranger’s return and made pleas for him to become a recurring character. The latest episode of the procedural drama titled Close to Home kicked off with Danny and his partner Maria Baez (Marisa Ramirez) at the airport. The detectives were there to pick up the infamous kingpin Diego 'El Granjero' Rodriguez (Carlos Gómez), to be transported across state lines for a court appearance. Texas Ranger, Waylon also stepped off the plane to help Danny transport the Mexican cartel leader to New York. During the car journey, Rodriguez who sat between Waylon and Danny revealed his associates had a vested interest in his survival.  READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers After Waylon’s first appearance in season 10, fans were delighted to see the Ranger reunite with Danny. Many took to Twitter to share their excitement and to plead with showrunners for more regular appearances. Addressing the actor, @XODdubsAllieXO tweeted: “@LyleLovett you were amazing on #bluebloods tonight! Hope you come back for more episodes.” @Ruth_A_Day agreed: “Great episode tonight! Love seeing you on #BlueBloods, Lyle!” A third viewer @SkipperChic added: “Soooo good!!! Always love when Lyle makes an appearance on #BlueBloods!!” @WandaWmn5 demanded: “He’s great! Make him a reoccurring character.” An appreciative @tweetforNKOTB shared: “I loved watching Lyle in his first appearance and now, hope there will be more appearances to come.” While @ErinHmm tweed: “Blue Bloods has heard my cry for more reoccurring guest stars!!” DON'T MISS...The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION]Blue Bloods' Jamie confronts Frank over career-changing decision [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods promo confirms return of fan-favourite star [INSIGHT] During the transportation, the officers noticed there were being followed, to which Rodriguez remarked: “Let the games begin.” However, unbeknownst to Rodriguez, Danny and Waylon were several steps ahead as they had already planned a quick to switch vehicles. They also learned his other men had been arrested at the airport, and although he insisted he wasn’t worried, Rodriguez then tried to bribe Danny and Waylon with $10 million each. While they were able to avoid problems during the drive, things soon took a turn for the worse when they could hear gunshots in their hotel room.  After they grabbed Rodriguez and called for backup, the criminal was placed in a safe house but Danny was faced with threats when he received an envelope with photos of his family. Although he feared for the lives of his family, Danny retaliated by giving Rodriguez photos of his children. He warned Rodriguez, if anything happened to his family, he would be so distraught and who knows what he would do. After realising the danger his children were in, the cartel boss called off his men and Danny did the same. Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on NBC in the USA. Season 13 airs Monday on Sky Witness and NOW in the UK.