Their new touring show is described as "sultry, steaming, scintillating and spectacular". Strictly Come Dancing pros Karen Hauer and Gorka Marquez have joined forces for Firedance, mixing tango and flamenco with a riotous carnival feel and blazing Latino fire and passion. It all sounds scorchio! "Gorka and I have a very special connection," says 40-year-old Karen. "Teaming up with him for Firedance felt so natural. We're both Latin and have the same taste in music, dance, choreography and how and what we want to perform. We also really respect each other's talents." Karen says they became "instant friends" when Gorka joined Strictly in 2016. Her own first season on the show was in 2012, so she is the longest-serving professional dancer. Outside of Strictly, she and Gorka, 32, started performing together at corporate shows. The combination worked so well that they decided to produce a new show together. "It was a no-brainer for both of us," she adds. "We planned Firedance before the pandemic and actually began the tour in 2020 but, just six performances in, the country went into lockdown. Finally, we're going out on the road again." She says she adores the electricity of a live audience. "I love the atmosphere and adrenalin, and the energy and enthusiasm that comes off the audience. Although Strictly is a live show, being in a TV studio is different to performing in a theatre. At a theatre you can also meet members of the audience at the stage door and have a chat with them." The fact that both Karen and Gorka have Spanish as their mother tongue gives their relationship an extra dimension. Karen was born in Venezuela while Gorka hails from Spain. "We always speak in Spanish to each other," Karen explains. "It's what happens naturally. To be able to speak in our first language is easy, relaxing and it's like a shorthand for us - especially when we're talking about our work. I don't get to speak Spanish very often these days." JOKES that she and Gorka can use their Spanish to gossip about people without them knowing. "They don't know what we're saying. Watch out when we're speaking in Spanish." Born in Valencia, Venezuela's third largest city, in 1982, Karen took up dancing after moving to New York aged eight. Nowadays she lives just north of Manchester with her fitness trainer husband Jordan Wyn-Jones, who she married in 2022. She regards herself as an honorary Brit. Jordan, 34 and originally from Australia, first met Karen through Instagram. She describes their married life as "just the best". "In the short time we've been married, we've adopted our fourth dog - a Vizsla (a Hungarian breed) called Joey - and we're just loving life." She says Jordan has adapted well to her busy touring schedule. "He's incredibly supportive, as I am to him and his passions. I'm away a lot and have very busy periods of touring and filming so it's important to balance that with family time at home." When she's not working, Karen describes herself as "a homebody". "Rest and recuperation is vital for a dancer. It really heals you - emotionally, physically and mentally." "You build up a store of strength that you take with you when you start working again." But even when not working, she keeps herself fit and having a trainer as a husband can't hurt. "Jordan and I work out together," she says. "We really enjoy taking the dogs for a good run." "While the roster of Strictly pro dancers won't be confirmed until later this year, as the longest-serving pro she should be a shoo-in. "They'll have to drag me kicking and screaming from the Strictly studio," she protests. "I'm literally a walking dinosaur but it's a badge I wear with honour. With every series, I feel refreshed - like the new kid on the block. I'll be there as long as they want me. I love it as much as ever."  Although she's been dancing since childhood, if she had to give it up tomorrow, she has an inkling of an alternative career. "If I wasn't a dancer, I'd like to run my own cleaning company," she reveals. "I absolutely love cleaning, you see. Having four dogs, I've pretty much always got the vacuum going." "There's nothing nicer than doing a top-to-bottom clean the way my Mama taught me." In fact, Karen loves nothing more than dancing around her house with her hoover, mops and brushes. "I'm obsessed with them," she adds with a smile. It certainly makes a difference from her usual partners. Firedance tours nationwide until April 1; firedancelive.co.uk