Last year, Jay Leno fell victim to third-degree burns when an accident involving a car resulted in the star being engulfed in flames. A few months on, Jay has fully recovered - and even joked about having a “new face” during a recent appearance on NBC’s The Kelly Clarkson Show. Jay walked out to a standing ovation during his recent stint on the talk show as Kelly told the crowd: “I mean, keep going! You made it!” “I made it yeah,” Jay replied. “Last time we almost didn’t make it.” Kelly replied: “And before that, I was sick and you came and it was like we were passing ships with this show.” “Yeah, ships in the night, just different accidents,” Jay quipped back, referring to his last scheduled appearance in which Kelly contracted Covid. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 Kelly referenced the incident as she weighed back in: “Either I have Covid and you’re covering for me or there’s a motor (accident), there’s always an accident, you look great though!” Taking the compliment in his stride, the quick-witted Jay joked: “Well, this is a brand new face. “Great job. It is, it’s unbelievable,” Jay continued before he delved into the accident. He explained: “What happened was I was working on a car and I got a face full of gasoline and it caught fire.” Always one to spot the chance for a joke, he added: “I had been eating a flamin’ hot Dorito and when I bit into it, it set my face on fire.” “What a commercial!” Kelly replied as the audience burst into laughter. Jay added in a more serious tone: “No, but it was interesting. It was all third-degree burns, it was pretty bad.” “You can’t tell at all,” Kelly praised once more before Jay replied: “No, you’d think there’d be a zipper here or something but no.“ DON'T MISS:1000lb Best Friends fans slam Tina for bailing on surgeryChicago Fire’s Kelly Severide's exit explained Daisy Jones and the Six star recalls ‘embarrassing’ costume blunder The former late-night talk show host then remarked: “This is like a brand new face. “Only for the second time in my career am I the new face of comedy. I got it once in the ‘80s and now I get it again, that’s a brand new ear!” Jay had previously opened up to People about the accident where he detailed: "It felt exactly like my face was on fire. Maybe like the most intense sunburn you've ever had, that'd be fair to say." But after seeing Jay fully recovered and able to joke about the incident, it didn’t take long for fans to shower praise on the presenter. YouTuber @marlenak87 replied to the interview: “I’m so glad to see Jay Leno doing well after that horrific accident. If anyone can laugh off a majorly traumatic incident like that, it's going to be Jay.” “Glad your doing better Jay, look great too,” @craigwilson3532 added while @runrafarunthebestintheworl7810 weighed in: “Man to think Jay could've been burned alive is crazy. Incredible.” Elsewhere, @craigwilson3532 added: “I used to watch late at night as a kid. I've always liked him, funny n always seems so friendly.” And @ModernGoddess81 commented: “I miss Jay Leno! Wish he was still the host of the tonight show.” (sic) The Kelly Clarkson Show airs weekdays on NBC in the USA.