King Charles III, Queen Camilla, Prince William and Kate Middleton were all absent from the christening of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's daughter earlier this month. While some were critical of this, a new Express.co.uk poll has found overwhelming 91 percent of readers support the Royal Family’s decision not to travel to the US for the private ceremony. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The Duke and Duchess of Sussex christened their 21-month-old daughter Princess Lilibet Diana at their home in Montecito, California, according to People. A spokesperson for the couple said: “I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, 3 March by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor.” Around 20 to 30 guests were reportedly in attendance at the intimate ceremony, including Meghan’s mother Doria Ragland and Lilibet's godfather, Tyler Perry. A source told People magazine that Harry and Meghan extended an invitation to the King, Queen Consort and the Prince and Princess of Wales, but they were “not in attendance”. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry may have new 'Sussex tradition' after christening In a poll that ran from 11.30am on Thursday, March 9, to 11.30am on Monday, March 13, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should the Royal Family have gone to Princess Lilibet's christening?” Overall, 10,103 votes were cast with a staggering 91 percent (9,217 people) answering “no” the Royal Family were right and should not have attended Princess Lilibet's christening. Whereas eight percent (792 people) said “yes” they should have travelled to the US for the occasion, and one percent (94 people) said they did not know. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the Royal Family’s absence at Lilibet’s christening. Most readers argued that the royals were right not to attend, with username Brian at home writing: “The Royal Family did the correct thing by staying away.” Username Paula_Boo said: “The Royal Family did absolutely the right thing in not attending. They do not work at the beck and call of the two who turned their backs on them.” Other readers commented on the logistics of the Royal Family travelling to California, like username popy123, who wrote: “The Royal Family have engagements organised many months in advance.” Likewise, username Gilli Pepper said: “The royals have their diaries completed months in advance and any free time now is rehearsing for the Coronation.” Don't miss... Charles's slimmed-down monarchy plan overshadowed, expert suggests [EXPERT] Harry and Meghan's title announcement was timed 'for revenge' [INSIGHT] Lilibet christening 'mystery' over Harry and Meghan's timing of event [LATEST] Username Mrs. S said: “No, it is only a christening. King Charles and Queen Camilla are elderly with a heavy workload and prep for Coronation. Jetting overseas would be hard on them. “The Prince and Princess of Wales have 3 kids, pets and jobs which soak up all their time. Attending a 30-minute christening overseas is not an easy task for a couple with very little extra time.” And username Mireille added: “Of course, the Royal Family shouldn't have gone to the christening - the cost, the logistics.” Username junquegrandma also commented on the environmental impact of the journey, writing: “I’m sure the Sussexes understand the complexities of the huge carbon footprint that would have been left behind had the Royal Family attended the baptism.” Some readers argued that if Harry and Meghan wanted the Royal Family present, the christening should have been held in the UK. Username Paddy-W commented: “The parents could have had the child christened in the UK if they wanted royal attendance.” Another, username JanetWCQ1958, said: “The child is nearly two years old and they have had more than enough time to arrange the christening. They were over here last year for the Jubilee and could have arranged it then if they really wanted the King and Queen and the Prince and Princess of Wales to attend.” While username Goldielover said: “They can't have them all out of the country at the same time. If they wanted them all at the christening, then it should have been in the UK.” A minority of readers, however, thought that the Royal Family were wrong not to attend, with some suggesting a representative should have travelled to the US for the occasion. Username olle said: “What kind of grandparent does not go to their grandchildren’s baptism?” Username David in Vancouver said: “The Royal Family should have at least sent a representative.” And username Pivoine rouge suggested: “Should have sent Camilla as a representative.” Harry did have members of his family present, with his mother Princess Diana’s sisters, Lady Jane Fellowes and Lady Sarah McCorquodale, in attendance, according to Marie Clare. Princess Lilibet’s christening broke tradition as royal children are typically christened at royal estates at either Buckingham Palace or Windsor with close family in attendance. Harry and Meghan’s son, three-year-old Prince Archie Harrison, was christened when he was just eight weeks old at Windsor Castle on July 6, 2019, with 25 guests at the occasion. The christening announcement on Wednesday, March 8, marked the first time the Sussexes used the royal titles prince and princess for their two children. The Under a 1917 Letters Patent, the children have been entitled to the prince and princess titles since the King ascended the throne in September, as they are grandchildren of the monarch.