It looks as though ITV viewers could be seeing a new face in the Who Wants To Be A Millionaire chair after claims Jeremy Clarkson will no longer be hosting future seasons. The speculation of the Clarkson's Farm star’s exit comes following his highly controversial comments in Meghan Markle in his column. Actor Warwick Davis is currently the favourite to step into Jeremy Clarkson’s role should the 62-year-old be axed from the show. The latest odds from William Hill show Warwick is one of the leading favourites to succeed Jeremy Clarkson with odds of 8/1. The 53-year-old shares the same odds with Victoria Coren Mitchell, Susan Calman and Sandi Toksvig to land the gig as the show’s new host. The bookies also reveal ex-Health Secretary and I’m A Celeb star Matt Hancock has climbed to 20/1 to be the replacement. READ MORE:Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark  William Hill Spokesperson, Lee Phelps, said: “As the heat on Jeremy Clarkson mounts after his scathing article on Meghan Markle, the gossip surrounding a potential new host of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire increases. “With Warwick Davis one of the leading favourites to take over, the Tenable host has previous presenting experience and is 8/1 to claim the coveted role. “Though Victoria Coren Mitchell, Susan Calman and Sandi Toksvig are all at the same odds. “Matt Hancock has also absorbed scrutiny and may need a profile boost amid a fresh wave of criticism, with the former Health Secretary climbing in the betting despite recent events and is now just 20/1 to claim his next role in television.”  Other names suggested as being the new face of the ITV show include Ben Shephard, Richard Osman, Alexander Armstrong, Rylan Clark, Anne Robinson, Bradley Walsh and Jimmy Carr. Actor Omid Djalili currently has odds of 16/1 with comedian Jon Richardson sharing join odds with Matt Hancock at 20/1. Amid speculation Jeremy had been axed from the show, an ITV spokesperson released a statement which stated there are currently no further commissioning commitments after the upcoming series airs. They said: "As we have said for several weeks, ITV is contractually committed to a further series of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (which has now been recorded) DON'T MISS... Carol McGiffin addresses face 'drama' after waking up 'like a tomato' [VIDEO] Coronation Street heartbreak as beloved couple split [SPOILER] Love Island sparks 'favouritism' row as Olivia given power after exit [REACTION]   "There are no further commissioning commitments beyond that currently as is typical with such shows where we make commissioning decisions on a series-by-series basis. "Therefore for the avoidance of doubt neither Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? nor Jeremy Clarkson have been cancelled.” Speculation on his departure came after ITV boss Carolyn McCall spoke at Variety's International Woman of the Year stating the broadcasting network didn’t endorse what Jeremey said about The Duchess of Sussex. At the time, she said: “There’s no place for that on ITV.  "So we came out very quickly and just said, you know, that wasn’t on ITV but we don’t endorse that in any way. And there’s no place for that on ITV.” Her comments come after Jeremy faced a wave of backlash after his column in The Sun where he shared his strong thoughts on Meghan Markle. The TV Personality called for The Duchess to be paraded through the streets naked along with suggesting the 41-year-old had lumps of excrement thrown at her. Who Wants To Be A Millionaire is available to watch on ITVX. 