Police responded to reports of "shots fired" near the home of Cincinnati Bengal's star Joe Mixon early Tuesday morning, a juvenile was taken to hospital with "minor injuries". Mixon's involvement in the incident, if any, was unclear but no one was arrested at the scene, according to Cincinnati's Fox 19. The juvenile's condition was also unknown. The local outlet reported that police cordoned off an area around a home in Anderson Township, a suburb of Cincinnati. That residence is next to the home of 26-year-old Mixon, according to an arrest warrant for the NFL star which was dropped earlier this year. Fox 19 reports there was an evidence marker in the running back's yard while Hamilton County Sheriff’s Deputies extended crime scene tape to Mixon's home around 11pm local time on Monday.  About a half an hour later, police were seen by the outlet banging on Mixon's door, identifying themselves as sheriff's deputies and asking the home owner to come out. At 12.15am Tuesday, they allowed a car to enter the driveway of the home. An officer was seen arriving at the residence at 1.30am with paperwork. Minutes later, police entered the house, according to Fox 19. At 2am, three more deputies entered the home and at 3.20am police took down the crime scene tape and left without making arrests, according to the report. Last month, Joe Mixon was charged with misdemeanour aggravated menacing for allegedly pointing a gun in a woman's face, according to the documents, which were filed in Hamilton County Municipal Court. However, that charge has since been dropped.  READ MORE: Prince Harry is 'only interested in promoting himself' According to the warrant, Mixon pointed the gun at the woman and told her, "You should be popped in the face. I should shoot you, the police [can’t] get me." The incident occurred on January 21, the day before the Bengals beat the Buffalo Bills in a divisional-round playoff game. Mixon rushed for 814 yards and seven touchdowns this season, his sixth. He also had 60 receptions for 441 yards, both career highs, and two touchdowns. A second-round draft pick out of Oklahoma in 2017, Mixon has spent his entire career with Cincinnati and rushed for career highs of 1,205 yards and 13 touchdowns in 2021.  Don't miss... Beijing warns US-China 'heading for conflict and confrontation' [ANALYSIS] Moment woman narrowly avoids getting crushed by falling ceiling tile  [REPORT] Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying' [INSIGHT] In 2014, when he was 18, Mixon punched a female Oklahoma student in the face, an attack captured on surveillance video. He was suspended from the football team for a year and entered an Alford plea, in which a defendant does not admit guilt but acknowledges there is sufficient evidence for a conviction. He received a deferred sentence and was ordered to perform community service and undergo counselling. The incident hurt his standing in the draft, with several teams saying they passed on him because of concerns about his character. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 