Reports of the former leader’s poor health come days after protests erupted in Georgia’s capital Tbilisi over a bill many have claimed is pro-Russia. Former President Saakashvili was originally imprisoned in 2018 for “abuse of power”. Following reports of his poor health, a Georgian MP said: “We do hope his death won’t happen and his needs are properly addressed.” Mr Saakashvili’s family first raised concerns that he had been poisoned after tests in late 2022 showed heavy metals and arsenic in his system.    Georgian authorities have denied Saakashvili has been poisoned, claiming his ill health is because of his “refusal to eat enough food”. In the past, Saakashvili has gone on a 50-day hunger strike in opposition to his prison term. Speaking to Sky News, he said: “I was initially 120 kilogrammes, now I am 64, if I become less than 60 doctors predict multiple organ failure. I am in bed all the time, my bones are disintegrating and it gives excruciating pain.” In a statement, his lawyer said he looked “like a prisoner in a concentration camp in Nazi Germany” while tests of fingernail clippings have revealed high levels of arsenic and heavy metals. Although he is in poor health, Saakashvili sent a message to protestors standing up against pro-Russian laws drafted in recent weeks. Under the new legislation, non-government groups and media would be targeted if they take over 20 percent of their funding from abroad. READ MORE: Putin driving wedge between Georgia and West as Ukraine crisis looms Saakashvili urged Georgians to be “ready to mobilise at short notice, because of the vengeful mood of the oligarch's regime”. Last month, Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for Saakashvili’s release. He said: “Ukrainian citizen, former Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili is being slowly killed. I urge the world to help save his life and prevent his execution.” Speaking to CNN, Saakashvili’s lawyer made comparisons with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine: “People forget that in 2008 Putin did what he is doing now to Ukraine to Georgia - under cover of darkness he invaded Georgia. And just like President Zelenskyy is doing today in Ukraine, Saakashvili stood up and fought back, and because of this the Kremlin and Putin specifically became his arch-nemesis, number one enemy.” Saakashvili is one of several of Putin’s critics to mysteriously fall ill in recent years.