For the past 20 years, Simon Cowell has been behind some of ITV’s most popular shows such as X Factor and Britain's Got Talent. However, it looks as though people may start seeing the music mogul on a different broadcasting station as he’s eyeing up a big money move to rival broadcaster Channel 5. Simon Cowell has been a regular face on ITV since the early 2000s as the head judge on the singing competition Pop Idol.Since then, the 63-year-old has fronted a string of talent shows on the broadcasted and created huge stars such as One Direction, Susan Boyle, Little Mix, Diversity, Stacey Solomon and Olly Murs.However, it’s been reported he’s been meeting with bosses at Channel 5 over a potential move which could potentially see him land a seven-figure contract.It’s believed Simon has met with Channel 5’s director of programmes over the past week to speak about projects they could work on together. READ MORE:Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... An insider told The Sun: “This would be a huge move for Simon, who carved out a TV career based on BGT and X Factor on Channel 5’s rival station.“It would effectively see him turn his back on ITV after two decades which have seen him deliver them two of their biggest hits.“There’s a strong sense that one chapter is ending and another beginning and Channel 5 are keen to be a part of that."But they’d need to nail down a seven-figure contract to seal the deal to bring him across.” This wouldn’t be the first big star the public has seen jump stations to Channel 5 either.More recently, the long-running BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker left his regular broadcasting to become the lead anchor on Channel 5 back in 2022.However, it’s believed Simon is contracted to continue as the head judge of Britain’s Got Talent until 2025.Currently, the latest series for the popular talent competition is in full swing with auditions already underway. Don't miss... Coronation Street’s Summer Spellman ‘destroyed’ over Aaron's betrayal [LATEST] Coronation Street horror as Daisy Midgeley learns Justin's dark past [LATEST] Gogglebox stars 'stopped drinking' after embarrassing moment [LATEST] Joining the Britain’s Got Talent panel this year is former Strictly Come Dancing judge Bruno Tonioli.The latest addition comes after comedian and children’s author David Walliams decided to bow out of the show after a decade.Although it’s been reported Bruno has been causing chaos on set since his arrival after a huge blunder during the auditions.Admitting he’d never watched the show before, Bruno pressed his golden buzzer for two different acts, with each judge usually only getting to press it once. A source told The Sun: “It was madness. The buzzer worked but there was no glitter in the cannon above the stage as it had already been used up.“A producer raced over to try to tell Bruno he couldn’t do that.“Then there were discussions with the top execs and Simon [Cowell], who had his head in his hands.”An official date for the new series of Britain’s Got Talent is yet to be announced although it’s expected to air later this year. Express.co.uk have contacted ITV and Simon Cowell's representatives for comment.