Prince William “hates” Prince Harry for his shots at the royals and “won’t shed a tear” if his brother doesn’t make King Charles III’s coronation. The Duke of Sussex reportedly wants an apology from the Royal Family, and is not yet confirmed to be attending his father’s coronation on May 6. But a friend of both William and Harry said the Prince of Wales will not be upset if his brother isn’t at Westminster Abbey. “William won’t shed a tear if Harry doesn’t make it,” they said. “He feels utterly betrayed by Harry. Relations have never been this bad, and he hates him for what he has done to the family in the books and interviews. “He will support whatever decision his dad makes but it’s no secret he would prefer it if he wasn’t there, or, indeed, never stepped foot in England again.” In his memoir ‘Spare’, Harry claimed William assaulted him in 2019, just before he and Meghan Markle stepped down from royal duties. Harry alleged his brother called the Duchess of Sussex “difficult”, “rude” and “abrasive”, and then claimed William pushed him to the floor, adding that the incident resulted in visible injury to his back. The Duke also claimed he and William begged their father not to marry Camilla, Queen Consort. It comes as Harry and Meghan have been evicted from Frogmore Cottage, which another friend said William also supported. READ MORE: King Charles evicted Harry & Meghan over 'ultimate disrespect'–source  Speaking to the Daily Beast, they said: “Charles is not making these decisions in isolation. “He has the support of his son and heir and is working in partnership with him. They are a unit and are closer than ever.” The outlet reported that despite the eviction, Harry and Meghan will still be invited to the coronation and the family and officials are still under the assumption they will be there. Meanwhile, Queen Camilla reportedly wants her five grandchildren to play an active role during the Coronation, which may "ruffle feathers in Montecito". Royal expert Camilla Tominey wrote in the Telegraph that the Duke of Sussex may feel further "forced out" by the Crown if the children of Tom Parker Bowles and Laura Lopes are key during the service. “Harry already felt forced out by the late Queen and his father seemingly prioritising public appearances with William and George to his own immediate family,” she said. "What he is likely to make of the Parker Bowles clan being front and centre is anyone’s guess (although he is said to get on well with his stepsiblings Tom and Laura, who were both invited to the royal wedding in 2018)."