The GB News audience was left in stitches after Matt Hancock's lawyer made a humiliating blunder. Jonathan Coad appeared on GB News last night. He was introduced by the show's host, Steve N Allen, as having been asked to represent the former Health Secretary. But Mr Coad accused the channel of "very very poor journalism", claiming he had asked them "not to disclose" the fact he was asked to act for Matt Hancock. He launched into a furious rant at the channel, saying: "I have to say, that's disappointing. I made it absolutely clear to your programme - I asked them not to disclose that, and that is very very poor journalism." The presenter then asked if he was okay to carry on, to which Mr Coad replied: "You've stood there in front of a baying audience throwing poo left right and centre at Matt Hancock when your own television station engaged in correspondence with me where I explained that I'm in a position to comment if you didn't mention that I had been approached by Matt Hancock. I asked you not to mention that." He added: "If anybody is tempted to take your programme seriously, here is a good reason not to." But it later emerged that Mr Coad has missed out the word "not" in his email to the channel's producer, instead writing "I would be grateful if it was mentioned that [Matt Hancock] asked me to act for him." When the blunder became clear, the studio audience erupted into laughter. Mr Coad admitted his error, saying: "You're actually right. It's my mistake. I missed out the 'not'. I take all of that back. My apologies. You're right and I'm wrong. Fair dos. I'm absolutely wrong about that." The lawyer was appearing on GB News to discuss Isabel Oakeshott's leak of 100,000 of the former health secretary's WhatsApp messages. The WhatsApp messages, published as part of an investigation by the Telegraph, also suggest Mr Hancock rejected advice to give Covid tests to all residents going into English care homes.  They show Chief Medical Officer Professor Sir Chris Whitty told the then health secretary in April 2020 there should be testing for "all going into care homes". But the messages suggest Mr Hancock did not follow the guidance, telling an aide the move "muddies the waters". He introduced mandatory testing for those entering care homes from hospitals, but not from the community until later. Mr Hancock expressed concerns that expanding care home testing could "get in the way" of the target of 100,000 daily coronavirus tests he was desperate to hit, according to the messages. In one message, Mr Hancock said Sir Chris had finished a review and recommended: "testing of all going into care homes, and segregation whilst awaiting result". The then health secretary described it as "obviously a good positive step". However, the investigation said he later responded to an aide: "Tell me if I'm wrong but I would rather leave it out and just commit to test & isolate ALL going into care from hospital. I do not think the community commitment adds anything and it muddies the waters." Matt Hancock is "considering all options" over the leaked messages, hitting back at what he branded a "distorted account" on his handling of care home testing in the pandemic. A spokesman for the West Suffolk MP said: "It is outrageous that this distorted account of the pandemic is being pushed with partial leaks, spun to fit an anti-lockdown agenda, which would have cost hundreds of thousands of lives if followed."