Kate Middleton, 41, and Prince William, 40, visited Hayes Muslim Centre today to visit those who had raised money for the survivors in Turkey and Syria after the terrible earthquake. The Princess of Wales wore a floral headscarf designed by the Pakistani brand Élan. This scarf is part of a set worn by Kate when she visited Pakistan on a royal tour back in 2019. The Princess's outfit choice was very modest today as she was visiting the Muslim Centre for a very poignant reason. She decided to wear a bespoke woolen grey coat from Alexander McQueen with matching grey tights. Kate also wore her Alexander McQueen ribbed bodice sleeveless dress, which she last wore during the mourning period for Queen Elizabeth II. The gown is described as a "Jersey sleeveless dress detailed with ribbed top, pleated long skirt with raw cut hem and side concealed zip fastening". READ MORE: Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims Kate also carried her black Grace Han bag. This Grace Han bag sells for a whopping £2,050 and it is the smallest size. The Princess of Wales has carried the black bag on more than five public engagements since 2020. Its description says: "The Grace Han Love Letter Top Handle Bag makes a perfect companion with its elegance and classic shape. "Its distinctive envelope closure is an ode to Love Letters of the past present and future." A relatively new company, Grace Han is situated in London's Knightsbridge.  Don't miss... Princess Charlene dons 'dusty blue' Akris suit - 'looks very chic' [LATEST] Kate is the 'perfect role model' during 'controversy from the US' [BODY LANGUAGE] Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims [ROYAL] The Princess has carried this accessory many times before and worked perfectly with her outfit today. For today's footwear, Kate opted for her Gianvito Rossie 105 pumps in black suede. The Princess last wore her Élan outfit when she arrived at Lahore airport to take her flight back to Islamabad during the royal tour of Pakistan in 2019. This included a £103.69 white long-sleeved top from Élan, which had beautiful black detailing.  The description says: "A traditional hand spun design in classic monochrome, 'Royal Garden' with its tapered silhouette features beautifully delicate floral and tribal embroideries in ebony silk thread on a pristine ivory base. "Paired with an embroidered dupatta, this elegant ensemble will make a statement every season." The black embroidery stretched all over the top, including the bodice, sleeves and hem, just like Kate's headscarf which she wore today.  Kate decided to wear this over a pair of white trousers back in 2019, which worked effortlessly well.  While the Princess of Wales did not wear the scarf with her outfit four years ago, it's highly likely that the headscarf is part of the set. This is because the black embroidery is absolutely identical on Kate's scarf today as it was on her blouse four years ago. Royal fan @emerald88604982 tweeted: "I just love her headscarf! It's gorgeous and respectfully very appropriate."  Similarly, @uchatadara added: "Pretty." In addition, @NeverHanaAli wrote: "What a beautiful modest look. Thank you for the inspiration. I'll be sure to buy a similar look."