According to specialist lenders, Together, more than two million homeowners are planning to improve their properties this year rather than move house. However, just under 30 percent aren’t sure how they’ll manage to do it. Express.co.uk spoke to Together’s experts to explore the opportunities that second charge mortgages can offer as the option grows in popularity. Together’s new report, Opportunities in Challenging Times, shows one in seven (15 percent) are unsure how much they’ll need to spend to improve their property, while a further 14 percent aren’t sure how they’ll pull together the money. However, recent industry figures highlight the increasing popularity of second charge mortgages to fund renovation plans or help with existing debt consolidation, with a 2.9 percent month-on-month increase to reflect total lending amounting to £104.5million in January this year. According to Loan Warehouse, this reflected a £3million increase from December’s total. Together’s own internal data suggested that the number of customers opting for second charge mortgages to fund renovation costs jumped by 10 percent between 2018 and 2022. READ MORE: House prices crash all over the world. UK may be next  But, while the popularity of this type of finance appears to be growing, there is still a significant cohort (43 percent) who are completely unaware that they could release equity in their homes by taking a second charge mortgage – also known as a secured loan – to fund renovation costs or assist with debt. Alan Davison, personal finance distribution director at Together told Express.co.uk: “While there are quieter areas within the market at present, there is and will continue to be significant interest in second charge loans given the recent rise in mortgage interest rates.” Second charge mortgages run alongside current mortgages and allow borrowers to use their property as security against a loan. Mr Davison said: “Using the equity built up in the property can be leveraged to borrow money without remortgaging and interest rates tend to be lower than what you would be charged on unsecured loans.”  Don't miss... ‘Essential’ steps to keep warm without turning the heating on [INSIGHT] Experts explore pros and cons for variable, fixed and tracker mortgage [ANALYSIS] Hunt pushes over-55s back to work. Then HMRC applies ‘hidden penalty’ [LATEST] Laura Rettie, editor-in-chief of Finance.co.uk told Express.co.uk: “Obtaining a second charge mortgage on your home can be a practical approach to leverage the equity in your property and secure funds at a competitive rate. However, it may only be suitable for some homeowners. “Typically, you can borrow more significant sums of money on a second-charge mortgage than an unsecured loan, and interest rates tend to be lower, too, depending on your credit rating. “However, your home is at risk if you cannot make repayments - you’ll need to be sure you can afford your original mortgage and your new loan repayments. If you choose to borrow over a long period of time, it may cost more than other loans due to the longer borrowing term.” Mr Davison said the option of a second charge would be better for those who are locked into their fixed terms and want to “avoid” being pulled across to higher rates and incurring any early repayment charges. READ MORE: 'Best things' you can do to still be accepted for mortgage  He continued: “Second charges are also a great option for those on discounted rates that are maybe waiting for the opportunity for cheaper fixed rates as the swap rates become less volatile. “Some of these customers may also have early repayment charges (ERC) on their existing mortgage, so could benefit from a second charge rather than break their discount rate.” However, Mr Davison noted that while the popularity of a second charge mortgage is clear, there are some considerations borrowers should be aware of before pursuing this option. What to watch out for Mr Davison said: “As second charge mortgages run alongside any existing mortgage, borrowers would need to repay both simultaneously. “If your circumstances change, it’s also important to remember that, having a second charge mortgage may impact you should you wish to remortgage your first loan, move properties, or take out an equity release product on your home.”  Ms Rettie weighed in: “Additional fees are often associated with a second charge mortgage, including product, valuation and legal fees, as well as administration and broker charges. You’ll also need to pay an early repayment penalty if you want to pay off your loan early. “The bottom line is that a second-charge mortgage is a good choice if you’ve carefully considered your options and used a broker to ensure you get the best loan for your needs. However, if you default on the loan, your home is at risk of repossession”. Mr Davison also pointed out that while second-charge loans offer a “greater level of flexibility” for borrowers, they are not widely available through mainstream lenders. He added: “It’s always worth speaking to a specialist professional who can assess whether this is the right option for you and your property needs.” 