Sarah, Duchess of York, has revealed that she is in line to land a major US TV series deal. Sarah Ferguson, commonly known by the nickname Fergie, told the Telegraph that she is in talks with US production companies about adapting her most recent romance novels. According to the royal, the books - Her Heart for a Compass, released in 2021, and A Most Intriguing Lady, released this year - could be adapted for US TV. She said that she is "in talks for a major US TV series involving both books". The Duchess added: "It’s very exciting. I’ve wanted to be a romantic novelist for 20 years or more, and I never gave up on my dream." The revelation follows Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's own foray into television following their own deal with streaming platform Netflix. The Netflix deal, thought to be worth millions, was signed in September 2020 "to develop scripted and unscripted series, film, documentaries, and children's programming for the streaming service". JUST IN: King Charles evicted Harry & Meghan over 'ultimate disrespect'–source  So far the couple has released two documentary series, Harry & Meghan and Live to Lead - both in December last year. When asked about the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, Fergie said: "I don’t really know Meghan. "I haven’t really met her. I spoke to her at the funeral, and I thought she looked absolutely beautiful. I think she is beautiful. "She has made Harry very happy, and that is so nice. Honestly, he’s so happy with her. She really loves him.  "And I think that’s beautiful – and that Diana would be proud of him and her lovely grandchildren." After being asked about the Sussexes' Netflix series, the Duchess of York suggested one day she would "like to do a documentary". Fergie also paid tribute to the late Queen Elizabeth's legacy in her interview, saying: "It’s unbelievably important to uphold Her Majesty’s legacy. "Although I’m not a member of the Royal family anymore, my values are what I believe is right – and that’s what they uphold." DON'T MISS: King's Frogmore decision tells Harry their relationship his over [COMMENT]Prince Andrew urged to downsize from £30million royal property [POLL]King Charles evicted Harry & Meghan over 'ultimate disrespect'–source [LIVE BLOG]  She tells her daughters, Beatrice and Eugenie: "Even when you’re just walking out of your own front door, always smile. "Uphold all that. No one wants to see a grumpy princess." In a separate interview with People, released on Thursday, the royal said she has “no judgment” towards Harry and Meghan for deciding to forge their own path for their family in California She said: "I have been judged all my life, and I have no judgment on the Sussexes.” 