Max Verstappen has admitted Red Bull have made major improvements over the winter in what will be a blow to rivals Lewis Hamilton and Charles Leclerc. Verstappen made the claim at Thursday’s press conference to set a benchmark just a day before the start of on-track action. F1 interviewer Tom Clarkson asked Vertsappen where the car had improved compared to last year’s RB18. Verstappen quickly responded: “Everywhere. That’s the aim I mean you always try and improve it. “It feels nice, well balanced of course and every team of course lost a bit of performance with the floor but you always try and gain it back in a way. So you have to of course find a new balance with the car but it’s been good.” The Dutchman dominated in 2022 with 15 race wins over the course of the season to set a new record. Verstappen is the pre-season favourite after Red Bull enjoyed a trouble-free run over pre-season testing in Bahrain. READ MORE: Horner on how he 'switches off' from masterminding Verstappen success The Dutchman also lit up the leaderboard while Ferrari and Mercedes appeared to lack pace. Verstappen suggested he was not too concerned about his previous title rivals ahead of the first Grand Prix of the season. When asked where his main threats would come from, Verstappen replied: “Of course the teams close to us but I think also at the end of the day from ourselves. I think we have to stay on top of things and we cannot afford to make too many mistakes “Of course we are not robots and everyone makes mistakes but you try and minimise it.” DON'T MISSMax Verstappen's Red Bull boss shares what makes Dutchman so special [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton may not want to Bahrain GP given first race 'curse' [COMMENT]F1 insider claims Aston Martin 'overrated' amid Alpine claims [ANALYSIS] Sky Sports F1 pundit Anthony Davidson revealed he was not shocked at Verstappen’s confidence after a positive test for the reigning champions. He admits the remarks were a “warning shot” to their rivals who will have to work flat out to close the gap. Davidson explained: “It's what we saw. The evidence was there every day in testing both [Sergio] Perez at the wheel and Max. I'm not surprised to hear those comments and it's a warning shot to the rest of the teams when Max says the car’s better everywhere. "That’s straight line, that's traction, that’s high-speed corners, that’s reliability. And you know what they've got the target on their back and everyone knows the work they have to do to close the gap. Let’s see if they can.”