In which case, asked Ferrari, can you tell us when you approached Gray for the job? It was a pertinent question, given that Gray has been playing a central role in Government for the last two years, advising successive Tory prime ministers. Yet, incredibly, Starmer dodged it not once, not twice, not even thrice – but an unbelievable SIX TIMES within 90 seconds. That’s right, Ferrari gave Starmer SIX opportunities to come clean. And he declined them all. It must be a world record for questions dodged per minute of interview. Now why, if there was nothing improper, would Starmer do that? Why, if Starmer is the man of integrity that he claims, can’t he be straight with us? What’s he hiding? There are other questions I’d like Starmer to answer, which, as I write, he is failing to do. The most important is this: for how long has Sue Gray been “on the list” as a potential candidate for the role of chief of staff? Now, one of his shadow ministers, Jonathan Ashworth, told the BBC’s Laura Kuenssberg yesterday that Gray was “always” going to be on the list. Kuenssberg was taken aback by this, asking “Was she?”. And she’s right to be surprised. Because if Gray was always going to be on the list it suggests she might well have known, which would have put her in a difficult position when carrying out her role as senior advisor to a Conservative government. So Mr Starmer, is Ashworth right? Has Sue Gray always been a leading candidate? And, more importantly, was she aware she was? Or was the fact that she’s “always” been a leading candidate as much of a surprise to her as it obviously was to Kuenssberg?And while Starmer was keen to tell Ferrari that he didn’t speak to Gray “during the partygate investigation”, we must ask whether he spoke to her before then, or immediately after it. This has a nasty stink to it. I find it tough to believe, the way things get around at Westminster, that if Gray’s “always” been a leading candidate that she was not aware of it. Either way, she should make that clear right away. We also need to know if Gray, once she’d been approached by Starmer, told the Prime Minister. Or did she carry on offering advice to him about important matters of state without his knowing? And can she confirm that she told her senior colleague in the Civil Service, as the code of conduct says she must? Certainly, her appointment to Starmer’s team has raised questions among her colleagues, such as Susan Acland-Hood, permanent secretary at the Department of Education, who is reported to be concerned that she broke impartiality rules. Everyone who has worked with Gray says her impartiality and integrity are first class. I have no reason to doubt that. But I, along with everyone else, would like Keir Starmer to stop ducking, diving, dodging and taking us for fools, and answer these very basic questions to set the record straight. Starmer says he is a man of integrity, despite his flip flopping on just about every major issue the country faces, saying one set of things to become Labour leader, and then reversing his position immediately afterwards. His position on Jeremy Corbyn is particularly duplicitous, as is his swaying with the wind on Brexit. He was a Corbynite to get elected Labour leader, and now portrays himself as a centralist. But this is the most egregious example to date of Starmer criticising other politicians for a lack of integrity but proving himself to be just as bad. If he wants to stop the growing criticism of him as just another politician who can’t be trusted he needs to start practising what he preaches.