Liverpool's players have been rewarded for their phenomenal 7-0 demolition of Manchester United with a welcome break by Jurgen Klopp amid the intense fixture schedule. The Reds executed one of the finest performances in their long history on Sunday at Anfield when Erik ten Hag's side were ruthlessly put to the sword with a savage second-half attacking display. Although United were miserably poor, Liverpool profited on every single sniff at goal as Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah all grabbed braces before Roberto Firmino added a seventh for the hosts. Klopp could barely contain his delight at the full time whistle as Liverpool moved within three points of the top four after also recording their fifth successive Premier League clean sheet. Now the German has seemingly handed his players some extra time to rest up following their impressive showing at Anfield on Sunday. Stefan Bajcetic posted snaps alongside his partner in Paris, which would suggest Liverpool have received more time off than they would usually bargain for after a Premier League match at the weekend. READ MORE: Graeme Souness confronts Man Utd icon Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark Harvey Elliott and Kostas Tsimikas were also out and about on the basis of their social media activity, while Alisson took part in some gym work with his wife Natalia. Meanwhile, Salah, who became Liverpool's all-time top goalscorer in the Premier League with his brace against United, was still working hard in his own personal gym to stay in shape. Liverpool are back in action on Saturday when they travel to Bournemouth in the early Premier League kick-off. The match won't be easy by any stretch after the Cherries pushed Arsenal all the way at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday when they surrendered a 2-0 second-half lead before losing 3-2. DON'T MISSRaphael Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful actions after Liverpool collapseLiverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumesGraeme Souness confronts Man Utd icon Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark Gary O'Neil's side will be out to make amends for the late collapse while Bournemouth have previously defied the odds to beat Liverpool 4-3 back in Klopp's first full season at the helm. The Reds thrashed Saturday's opponents 9-0 at the beginning of the season and there is a sense Bournemouth will be out to settle the score following their embarrassing capitulation at Anfield. Liverpool also have a Champions League last 16 clash with Real Madrid to gear up for next week when they will seek to overturn a three-goal deficit following their 5-2 home defeat. Klopp was lost for words on Sunday after watching his Liverpool team blow United away in merciless fashion. He told Sky Sports: “No words. Spectacular football game. Outstanding. We played top football against the team in form. “The second half the start was pretty good and the end was pretty good. That is football, it can happen. “It was the push we wanted. It puts us in the right direction. Everyone has to know we are still around. It wasn’t the case for a while but tonight was a proper show of what we can be and what we have to be from now on.” Liverpool are now hoping to finally put their unexplainable struggles behind them following their turbulent form this season.