Yellow stains on toilet seats can form from urine splashing onto the lid if it is not cleaned regularly. The minerals in the water in hard water areas are another cause of yellow staining. This is created when water hits the underside of the toilet seat when it is flushed, and as the water evaporates, it can leave behind limescale. Some cleaning chemicals can damage white plastics, causing discolouration. This tends to be down to harsh chemicals, such as strong bleaches that aren’t diluted. Unsure of how to remove yellow stains that had built up beneath her toilet seat, one woman took to the Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page to request some advice. Sharon Burch wrote: “How can I clean the yellowing on the underneath of a white toilet seat please?” The post received over 150 comments from fellow Mrs Hinch fans eager to share their top tips. While some recommended Sharon use bleach the majority warned against this. Petra Williams said: “Bleaching makes it yellow in the first place.” Lindsey Nicholas agreed: “Not bleach on plastic. Turns it yellow.” READ MORE: ‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ Sue Munro commented: “Bleach is what makes the plastic go yellow.” In response, Louise Boyle said: “Yes totally agree, did the thing with tissue soaked in bleach and shut the lid, big mistake. It not only left a big mark on the toilet lid, but it did not remove the yellow.” Instead several cleaning enthusiasts suggested combining baking soda and white vinegar to clean the toilet seat - one even called it a “magic paste”. Cathleen Nic Giolla said: “Form a paste with white vinegar and baking soda. Apply to toilet seat and scrub off with the rough side of a sponge. “For stubborn stains leave the paste on for around 10 minutes. Worked wonders for our toilet seat, when even bleach wouldn't take it off. The paste is magic.” Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [TIPS] Monty Don shares gardening job ‘not’ to do in March - leave until June [EXPERT] Gardener shares ‘only' method to kill ivy without damaging your garden [COMMENT] Sandy Jackson said: “Get some baking soda and add just enough white vinegar to form a paste. Cover all of the stains in the paste and leave it to sit for a few minutes. “Then using a non-scratch sponge, gently scrub the area. You shouldn’t even need to scrub. “Our toilet seats are always covered in yellow stains because we have hard water and this works for us.” Stay Craft commented: “I used bicarbonate soda and water and an old toothbrush. Helped lots.” READ MORE: ‘Best solution’ to remove stubborn limescale from your shower door Yetunde Aras wrote: “White vinegar and some baking soda, use to wipe it properly, only if it's not wood though. It works a treat on the plastic ones.” Rebecca Sandford recommended: “Try white vinegar and bicarbonate of soda. Leave it to work for 10 minutes before wiping off.” Annette Tunstall said: “Baking soda and white vinegar, mix it into a paste and rub on. Leave for about 30 minutes and it should look fine.” Other Mrs Hinch fans recommended the chemical cleaning route by suggesting Sharon use The Pink Stuff paste. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Caroline Gilbert said: “I did this last week. I used The Pink Stuff paste in a tub. Put it on with a sponge, left for a while, then gave it a scrub with the rough side of the sponge. Wipe clean, done.” Bev McNutt wrote: “Pink Stuff paste got it off for me. Nothing else worked.” Lorraine Parry recommended: “Pink paste and scrunched up foil. Rub paste on with the foil and rinse off.” Natasha Branagan added: “Pink Stuff paste. Rub it on the stain, leave for 10 minutes, then scrub it off."