Your first lawn cut will either be in late winter or early spring, depending on where you’re located. For example, gardeners located in the north of England will likely be running a week or two behind in the spring months compared to those in the south. If the weather is favourable, the beginning of March is a great time to give your lawn its first trim. A conventional lawn will need mowing once a fortnight or once a week, depending on its growth. Those who prefer a more wild lawn with flowers can leave it uncut for spring to give pollinators a helping hand. However, those who prefer a neat, “striped effect” lawn will need to adopt a more frequent lawn-cutting routine. READ MORE: ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert The experts at Homebase have shared their tips for cutting lawns in a video. The video description reads: “If you want to enjoy your lawn all year long, mowing it at the right time is an essential part of lawn maintenance.” Before you start mowing your lawn, cut any really overgrown patches of grass first and make sure any pets are indoors. To cut overgrown patches, you will need to adjust the height of the cutting blade. Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [LATEST] Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [INSIGHT] Bring ‘yellowed’ bed sheets ‘back to life’ with 4p kitchen staple [UPDATE] Most lawnmowers have a lever or something similar that raises and lowers the blade. The longer the grass, the higher the blade should be. Once the overgrown sections have been tackled, the entire lawn can be cut. Start at the edge of your lawn and mow all the way around the garden once. After mowing the edge, cut a straight line from one end of the lawn to the other. READ MORE: Five common lawn ‘mistakes’ to avoid making now Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The experts added: “To achieve a striped effect you will need to mow parallel lines back and forth across your lawn. “When turning at the end of a line, lift the blade by leaning on the mower. There should be no gaps between the lines.” When mowing, keep an eye out for large stones, twigs or other debris as this could damage your mower. Empty your lawn mower’s bag or grass-collecting section at regular intervals ensuring your switch the engine off before you do this. Remove any excess cuttings by hand from the back of the mower. Grass cuttings are perfect for compost heaps. However, if you don’t have a compost heap, you can dispose of your grass cuttings in your green waste bin. To make your lawn look its best, try edging the lawn using a pair of garden shears. Use the shears to trim the edges of the lawn and then with a garden hoe, gently edge back the soil around the border to create a clean, defined edge.