There may finally be some movement on the future of Aaron Rodgers, as the Green Bay Packers star reportedly held talks with the New York Jets on Monday. That's according to Trey Wingo, who announced that Rodgers spoke with the Jets to discuss a potential move. Rodgers is still yet to decide where he will be playing come the 2023 season, but is open to the idea of moving to New York.  Discussions were said to be brief and very much in the formative stages, with nothing imminent lined up just yet. The Jets are desperate to sign a veteran quarterback and Rodgers certainly fits their requirements - and they're set to open talks with the Packers on Tuesday in an attempt to get their man. Rodgers has dominated the headlines this off-season, dropping hints about returning to the Packers, making a move elsewhere, or even retiring from the NFL. Rodgers only signed a three-year extension with the Packers last season, and would need permission from the franchise before any move was instigated. The Jets are keen to bring in an experienced quarterback to mentor Zach Wilson, as the 23-year-old remains the long-term hope for the franchise moving forward. It wasn't the season that Wilson was hoping for in 2022, as he was dropped multiple times for non-injury related reasons. Don't miss... Tom Brady tipped to reverse NFL retirement again despite $375m deal [OPINION] Lamar Jackson and Daniel Jones free agency decisions imminent  [LATEST] Lamar Jackson faces NFL free agency setback amid contract discussions [JUST IN] Another quarterback that the Jets were interested in was Derek Carr, but the former Las Vegas Raiders star signed for the New Orleans Saints on Monday - putting an end to any potential move. Rodgers may be their only option moving forward, and the fact he's open to the idea is a huge boost. Jets head coach Robert Saleh fuelled the speculation back in January as he came out and said they're looking for a "veteran" to lead the team. Links to Rodgers haven't gone away, and there may be a reason as to why following Monday's discussions. When Saleh was asked what their priority was in the trade market this off-season, he said: "The quarterback position, obviously, with all the different interviews was the No. 1 concern and rightfully so. It was simple: We're committed to finding a veteran. "We didn't get into names. … It was talked about that we do plan on bringing in a veteran quarterback if we can. We do want to continue working with Zach and continue to develop him."