After nearly four months away, Formula 1 is finally making its return in 2023 at the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend. The man everyone is out to catch is Max Verstappen, after the Dutchman secured his second successive world title last November. Heading into the new campaign it seems the Red Bull star is expecting to continue his hot form into 2023, after giving a confident report on his pre-season testing. He said: “It has been very good," Verstappen said. "The car is working really well. Just going through a lot of things we wanted to try. “Just in general enjoying driving the car. We have had really positive test days and we learned a lot, and hopefully we start the weekend well and see where we end up. We are happy with what we are doing." Mercedes man and F1 legend Lewis Hamilton meanwhile will be looking to recapture the form that helped him win seven world championships, after an under-par 2022. Unlike Verstappen, the Englishman’s thoughts on testing were less than convincing. He admitted: “We realise that we have a mountain to climb and no one's fussed, everyone has just kept their heads down so I'm really proud of that. We're not quite where we want to be but it's a good platform to start from." After four months away you could be forgiven for forgetting just how everything works on race day and across the F1 season. If that is the case here is a refresher, and everything you need to know. For each Grand Prix, the top 10 finishing drivers earn points towards their season tally. For winning a race, a driver receives 25 points, whilst second takes 18 and third earns 15. Positions from fourth to 10th then earn 12, 10, 8, 6, 4, 2 and 1 points respectively. As well as earning points, drivers can also lose them throughout the season too. The system is designed to keep drivers in line across the campaign as they do not always follow the rules. The amount of points penalised depends on the severity of the incident or misdemeanour. If a driver accumulates 12 within one season they receive a one-race ban. Drivers can also be hit with time penalties. This often occurs on race days, and are usually put into place if a competitor has gained an unsporting advantage over their opponent. Throughout an F1 race, a whole host of flags are used by the officials. The chequered flag is used at the end of a session or race, and is signalled when the leading driver passes the finish line. A yellow flag is raised to indicate those driving to slow down the pace, usually because an incident has occurred on the track. The red flag is then waved to bring a session or race to a halt. This can be used for a severe accident, as well as when a race or session has poor track or weather conditions. A green flag is waved to resume normal racing The blue flag is brought into action to tell a car that they are about to be lapped by a faster competitor, as well as at the end of the pit lane to warn vehicles a faster one is approaching. White is also used to indicate a slow moving vehicle, whilst black informs drivers that they are disqualified and also comes with the number of the car. A black and orange flag will also come with a number, to inform said driver of a mechanical issue with their car. Finally the red and yellow flag is held rather than waved, and indicates a change in track surface.