Emmerdale fans are convinced they know who Caleb Milligan (played by Will Ash) really is - and why he seems so set on taking Kim Tate (Claire King) down. After a character returned to the ITV soap in recent days, fans were left believing Caleb's closely related to them. Caleb claims to be Cain Dingle's (Jeff Hordley) long-lost brother, but is this all a lie? Fans were left concerned after the newcomer made a mysterious phone call about Cain. However, they now think they have finally worked out Caleb's true identity and who he is actually related to. The character recently revealed his plans to ruin Kim's life and viewers have been left wondering why he wants revenge on the businesswoman. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find When Alex Moore (Liam Boyle) returned to the village, as he wanted to see his son Lucas Taylor (Noah Ryan Aspinall), fans thought he was related to Caleb. In recent months, Kim and her husband Will Taylor (Dean Andrews) beat up Alex, who is the father of Dawn Taylor's (Olivia Bromley) child, and got him locked up. Does Caleb want to teach Kim a lesson for hurting Alex so badly? Adele Worsey tweeted: "I think Caleb and Alex are brothers, and that's why he wants revenge on Kim and Will for holding Alex hostage #emmerdale."  Juli said: "Alex looks similar to Caleb #emmerdale." Lee theorised: "#Emmerdale fans - could Caleb be Alex’s dad? He’s been on the phone with a mystery person, and Alex (Dawn’s ex) is back soon for a Naomi storyline. Is Caleb taking revenge for what Kim and Will did to Alex?" @Twellywatcher added: "I’d still love to know what Caleb is up to - we need a few more CLUES please." Roberto shared: "Alex is up to something, don't trust him #Emmerdale."  Don't miss... Emmerdale villain to return as fans 'work out' Rishi's intruder [SPOILER] Emmerdale's Victoria Barton relives rape trauma after big night out [LATEST] Emmerdale's Leyla Cavanagh life in danger after drug deal  [SPOILER ] Alex has begun a romance with Naomi Walters (Karene Peter), much to her father Charles Anderson’s (Kevin Mathurin) dismay. When Alex was last in the Dales, he was making enemies after being tied up in a blackmail plot. He made his first appearance on the ITV soap in December 2021 as the drug addict ex of Dawn. He's also the father of her late friend's daughter Clemmie Reed (Mabel Addison) who Dawn is fostering.  Alex was last seen in the village in November to terrorise Dawn and Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) by threatening to take Clemmie away from them if they did not give them money from Harriet Finch's (Katherine Dow Blyton) will. The blackmail plot for £50,000 was foiled by Kim and Will who were protecting Dawn. Kim cuttingly told Alex at the time: "You embarrass yourself simply by existing." Emmerdale airs on weeknights from 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 