The UK Government will send a minister to respond to the debate addressing issues raised in two petitions, calling for extra support for disabled Britons hit by the cost of living crisis. The petitions were launched after a £650 cost of living payment went out to many people on low incomes over the past financial year but those on disability benefits missed out on the support. The first petition was entitled "Make people on disability benefits eligible for the £650 one off payment". This was created by Abigail Broomfield and received more than 24,600 signatures on the Parliament website. It states: “Disabled people should be included alongside carers in the £650 one-off payment as part of the cost of living support package. We have larger utilities bills and food costs when compared to non-disabled people. We rely on these utilities and food to stay alive.” The DWP said in response: “Six million people in receipt of a qualifying disability benefit will receive a £150 payment in September. If they are in receipt of a qualifying benefit, they will also receive the £650 payment.” READ MORE: Hundreds of Nationwide customers paid £250 - how to apply for cash boost The £650 payment went out over the past year in two instalments. People on many means-tested benefits qualified including those on Universal Credit, Pension Credit and tax credits. Those on disability benefits did not qualify although many disabled Britons would have claimed one of the qualifying benefits. The second petition was entitled "Provide an energy grant to people with a disability or serious medical condition". This petition was created by Rachel Curtis and received more than 16,300 signatures on the Parliament website. Don't miss... BT, Sky, TalkTalk, Virgin and Vodafone hike broadband and mobile costs [BROADBAND] WASPI woman slams DWP for just two years warning of age change [STATE PENSION] ‘Dominoes falling’ - Financial crisis warning as US bank crash spreads [BANK CRASH] The petition included the message: “The Government needs to provide a grant, so that people with a disability or serious medical condition can afford to run the equipment, or heating, they need to stay alive. “It is not right that people living with conditions that require energy, should be punished for it, and sometimes face unmanageable debts with energy companies.” The DWP response said: “The Government will provide approximately six million people across the UK, who receive certain disability benefits, with a one-off payment of £150 in September 2022.” People who claim disability benefits are also to receive a £150 payment this coming tax year, in summer 2023. READ MORE: Barclays announces 14 more bank branches to close this year - full list of new closures Similar to the £650 payment last year, people on these means-tested benefits are to receive a £900 payment, in three instalments, over the coming financial year: MPs from all parties can take part in the debate on May 22, 2023, with MP Marsha De Cordova, from the Petitions Committee, set to open the discussion. People can send in their comments to the Petitions Committee ahead of the debate in Parliament. Individuals can watch the debate live on Parliament TV from 4.30pm on May 22, 2023. Disability benefit payments, including PIP, are increasing by 10.1 percent in April with the new tax year. The state pension is also increasing by 10.1 percent both for the basic state pension and the new state pension.