Daniel Dubois’ dream of becoming a bona fide world champion could become a reality if the undisputed fight between Oleksandr Usyk and Tyson Fury falls through. Dubois is the WBA (regular) champion and is therefore Usyk’s mandatory for the sanctioning body’s ‘legitimate’ world title, the WBA (super) belt. The WBA comes up next in the rotational system ahead of IBF mandatory Filip Hrgovic and WBO No1 Joe Joyce. And according to Usyk’s promoter Alexander Krassyuk, the unified champion will be forced into a mandatory defence against Dubois if a deal can’t be thrashed out with Fury. “This is actually what’s next for Usyk. So, what can I say? We have to comply with it,” Krassyuk told iD Boxing. “It’s probably not the worst fight for the UK. Dubois is English. Usyk fought a couple times here, so he’s probably a bit known. “This is a fight where an Englishman is fighting for three belts at heavyweight. It’s a bit more than just a normal heavyweight fight. Because Usyk and Tyson and all this stuff occurred, that’s why it doesn’t look that big because we have something to compare with. On the other hand, it’s still huge.” As the days go by, Fury vs Usyk looks more and more unlikely. With the historic event having to head to England rather than Saudi Arabia, the prize pot has been significantly reduced, proving to be a problem for Fury. The Gypsy King is demanding a wage so high that Krassyuk says not even a 100% split of the purse would cover it. Organisers had hoped to stage the event in the Middle East in order to avoid this issue.   Don't miss... KSI mocks Paul after video emerges of him running from Mayweather [LATEST] Fury U-turns after Wilder meeting and now wants rival to get KO'd [LATEST] Brooke calls off fight with OnlyFans rival Wett as reasons emerge [LATEST] But plans were diverted to Wembley for April 29 after representatives from Saudi Arabia informed them that their new state-of-the-art stadium in Jeddah – which was set to be the venue for the contest – wouldn’t be ready until November. As a result, Usyk may have no option but to box Dubois next. However, with the Brit currently recovering from a torn ACL suffered in his last bout against Kevin Lerena, when exactly he will be able to take on Usyk is currently unclear. “It’s something to be disclosed within the next couple of days,” Krassyuk added when asked if the fight can be made within their timeline. “We are still expecting the official decision on Fury. Once we move on from Fury officially, fight is off, then we start working on the mandatory … We have not collected the information yet.” Dubois’ promoter Frank Warren recently told Express Sport that Triple D is back in training and looking likely to return around mid to late May at the earliest.