In yet another self-pitying interview where he moans about how awful his life has been to the controversial physician Dr Gabor Mate, he also claims that using psychedelic drugs and the Class B drug cannabis, really helped him deal with his mental health issues. Dear God, I know that Harry only got two pathetically low-grade A-levels but does this bloke never engage his brain before he opens his big, indelicate mouth? Has he never read any of the damning studies on cannabis, the ones that say using the high-potency stuff is likely to lead to psychotic disorders including schizophrenia, anxiety, and depression? Doesn’t he know that cannabis users are at a very high risk of developing mental health problems like anxiety and depression as well as severe mental health illness? And yet here he is telling the world that – “Hey it really helped me…..” Harry is a father for God’s sake and in that role does he really think it’s wise to advocate illegal drug use as a way of solving mental health problems. Is that what he’d tell Archie? Because God help Archie if it is. Of course, listening to him talk about his mental health issues the question has to be... did cannabis really help him or is it possible it added to, or was in some part responsible for, some of the very mental health issues he has experienced? Whatever the answer to that is, the fact is it sounds like he’s advocating drug use to other people as a way of solving their problems which is damned dangerous. It’s sending a message to vulnerable, impressionable young people that using drugs will help fix their problems. TV presenter Kirstie Allsopp got it right on this one: “If you have a vast platform you don’t mouth off about using illegal drugs, the trade which kills people.” This isn’t the first time Harry has opened his big mouth and spewed damaging rubbish without thinking about the consequences. The pain he has caused his family is a testament to that. But knowing the platform he has and how many people would be listening to his interviews, this is taking his irresponsibility to another level. Fiona Spargo-Mabbs, who launched a drugs charity in her son Daniel’s name after he died of an accidental MDMA overdose at 16 says: “Our concern is that this can send a message that’s going to make young people think drugs can help them. “But using drugs as a coping strategy is more likely to lead to dependence than other motivations because that becomes how you are coping with something. “Harry’s statement that drugs helped him is a concern for young people.” In this interview with Dr Mate, an outspoken supporter of de-criminalising drugs, Harry also talked about all the other drugs he’d tried – cocaine (“didn’t do much for me although it gave me a sense of belonging”) and he sang the praises of the South American Class A psychedelic drug called ayahuasca saying it brought him a sense of “relaxation, release, comfort and a lightness that I managed to hold onto for a period of time.” Really? This was the same drug that led Jennifer Spencer, 29, to kill herself in 2019 after suffering psychosis from the drug during a yoga retreat in Peru. So while he’s banging on that it brought him peace and lightness it actually led poor Jennifer Spencer to take her own life. Jennifer’s aunt, Fiona Chase, 73, says: “He should not be speaking positively about this drug. It’s irresponsible because a lot of people look up to him.” And she’s right. The coroner at Jennifer’s inquest said at the time action should be taken on this drug to prevent future deaths. Does Harry not understand that cannabis and other illegal drugs are responsible for many of the mental health issues that people – particularly young people - are experiencing today? But in this interview, he appears to be advocating their use for those issues. Or is his mind now so muddled he really believes that telling troubled young people that illegal drugs helped him is a way of helping them? It should be pointed out that in this interview to promote his book Spare was live-streamed at £19 a ticket – he is yet again moaning about how he was starved of hugs and attention during his “incredibly painful childhood.” And how he always felt different from his family. Dear God, when will the moaning end? Harry is 38-years-old now. He’s a father-of-two. How long is he going to blame being starved of love and affection for the man he has become? How much longer is he going to use whinging about his very privileged life as a way of earning a living? And in the years to come when Archie and Lilibet ask him what his job is and what pays for their fabulous, sun-kissed life in the Montecito mansion, I wonder what he’ll tell them. Will it be the truth - that Daddy trashes his family for a living?