The spring and summer months are typically when Britons get out in the garden to enjoy the warmer weather. To prepare for the warmer weather, Britons may need to get started on some garden maintenance tasks such as cleaning, tidying and planting. Anna Hampshire, head of marketing from Marshalls has shared her top five gardening tasks to prepare gardens for spring. The first thing gardeners need to do is remove any unwanted items from the garden and patio including weeds, rubbish, unused furniture and old toys that are taking up space. After a long winter, it’s likely your patio has a build-up of organic growth such as algae and moss which can be cleared up using a pressure washer on a low-power setting. Remove garden furniture from storage and use it to create a focal point in the garden or on patio areas. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p If you’ve had your garden furniture out all winter then it’s time to give it a good clean and some maintenance if necessary. Wooden furniture may need a lick of paint or a new coat of wood stain. Anna added: “This one feature has the potential to make your entire garden much more inviting.” You may have heard of “sectioning” your garden over the last few years and wondered what it means. DON'T MISSGardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]‘Increase the size’ of orchid blooms with popular bath item [UPDATE]Neighbours fume as homeowner could possibly keep 'eyesore' extension [ANALYSIS] If you’ve got a relatively large garden, sectioning is breaking up your garden into defined spaces using paving or other sections. Stepping stones or pebbled pathways can be used very effectively to create relaxed divisions between, for example, lawns, vegetable patches and seating areas. Adding height such as a pergola can create interest and can actually make a smaller garden look larger than it is. Installing a vertical structure means you can include more climbing plants in your space, such as clematis, climbing roses or honeysuckle. READ MORE: Six ‘common’ gardening ‘mistakes’ to avoid this spring Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Vertical gardens are perfect for those with smaller outdoor spaces but can also add greenery to large gardens that don’t have lawns. Anna has also shared which features to incorporate for a low-maintenance garden. She said: “The first step to transform your outdoor space is to add multiple levels. Subtle changes such as adding raised beds will make your outdoor space more appealing. “Then, to weave your way around your green space, paths are a great addition. From fairy-tale stepping stones, fine gravel, a traditional cobblestone path or a lushly verdant grass path. “Whichever you choose, sticking to your space’s overall aesthetic will help create a coherent look and feel. “The second step would be to add seamless tiles and paving. Choosing patio tiles that match those used on your indoor flooring is a clever way to ensure a harmonious feel as you entertain guests outdoors. “Alfresco dining is a highlight of summer so refreshing your paving will revive your outdoor area, allowing you to enjoy a morning coffee or host summertime barbecues. “Thirdly, think about decorating your garden. Water features are living, moving artworks that contribute both sound, movement and beauty to your outdoor space. “You could also add sculptures, but avoid too many elements as your space may begin to look cluttered. If you’ve dry/ patchy regions under trees, sunny slopes or other difficult areas, you can also add ground covers as they are low-maintenance and a fantastic way to prevent soil erosion and drought.”