NFL teams now have just a few hours to assign the franchise tag to one out of contract player ahead of the deadline on Tuesday evening with Lamar Jackson and Daniel Jones both hoping to be given a long-term contract. If no extensions are agreed with Jackson and the Baltimore Ravens and Jones with the New York Giants, it is expected that both will be franchise tagged at some point before the 9pm (UK time) deadline.  The franchise tag means that the player will remain with the team for one more season, unless they decide to trade them, rather than losing them as a free agents - assuring themselves compensation if the player does not want to remain with the team. The Ravens have been in negotiations with Jackson for almost two years now, with the quarterback rejecting a a five-year £208.5million ($250m) deal with the Ravens last season - a deal that would have made him £111m guaranteed. Jackson is wanting to be paid to similarly to how Deshaun Watson had been when he was signed by the Cleveland Browns last year, as he was given £189m guaranteed - with the former MVP potentially able to get that elsewhere if Baltimore do not agree to do so.  Should the Ravens tag Jackson, the quarterback could immediately ask to be traded as he remains frustrated with not being offered a deal to that of which he believes he is worth. ESPN's Jeremy Fowler has reported that the Ravens could be set to use the non-exclusive tag, which would allow other teams to offer Jackson a contract, which would then allow the Ravens to either match it or decline in exchange for two first-round picks. The Atlanta Falcons and New York Jets have both been mentioned as potential landing spots for Jackson, both likely willing to part with two first-rounders, a steal to acquire Jackson at this point in his career.  For Jones, he and the Giants are said to not be close in agreeing a long-term deal, with the team expected to use the franchise tag to avoid their city rival Jets making a move. Jones is reportedly asking for as much as $45 million per year, a hefty fee for a quarterback who had struggled through his first three years as a starter before an impressive fourth season under new coach Brian Daboll. But the Giants are also considering tagging running back Saquon Barkley, who is also a free agent, after having his best season in the league in 2022. 