On Thursday’s instalment of Loose Women, panellists Kaye Adams, Carol McGiffin, Brenda Edwards and Nadia Sawalha welcomed Christine McGuinness and Sue Holderness onto the ITV show. However, before kicking off the interviews, they were forced to delve into Carol’s different appearance after a “drama” with her face. At the start of the episode, Kaye quickly addressed her co-star's look as the 63-year-old appeared on-screen with a red and swollen face with no makeup.Kaye said: “Carol, you’ve had a bit of a drama haven’t you?”Pulling an embarrassed face, she replied: “I have yeah, I know. Something’s happened to my face!”As she mentioned her appearance, the live studio audience and co-host Nadia burst into laughter as she went on to explain what had happened. READ MORE:Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 With her panel beginning to chuckle, she commented: “Don’t say it, it actually looks like I’ve had some kind of cosmetic procedure and I’ve not told anybody, but I haven’t.“I just woke up and my face was like a tomato, a seriously red face.”As she told the live audience her face was itchy when she woke up, she explained that’s the reason why she’s not wearing makeup.Carol continued: “I thought if I put makeup on, it’s going to make it worse.” Kaye commented that her face had gotten better since Thursday morning after taking an antihistamine.The Loose Women panellist replied: “I did yeah, which made me feel a bit weird.”As the ITV show displayed an image of what Carold had looked like in the studio earlier before going on air, Nadia could be heard laughing at her red-toned face.Kaye joked: “My phone’s broken now. I’m really furious.” DON'T MISS... Coronation Street heartbreak as beloved couple split [SPOILER] Love Island sparks 'favouritism' row as Olivia given power after exit [REACTION] Antiques Roadshow's Fiona Bruce mortified over value of Star Wars prop [VIDEO] Laughing, Carol replied: “It’s not pleasant but I’m fine to have no makeup on because I’m not a big makeup fan anyway.“But I’m not a fan of the- ”However, when the 63-year-old caught sight of herself in one of the cameras she left shocked at her face once again.She shouted: “Look! oh my god, it's bad.” Kaye added: “Joking aside, it's a horrible thing and we’re really glad that you’re here. We would rather have you than not have you.“So hopefully, the wee tablets will work and you’ll be fine and dandy.”The live audience gave the panellist a round of applause for deciding to come onto the show despite her red face.She replied: “Well I hope so. Honestly, I’m such a hero!”Loose Women continues weekdays on ITV from 12:30pm