Helen Skelton took to social media on Wednesday to share an International Women's Day post with her 14-month-old daughter Elsie Kate. The Strictly Come Dancing star shared a pointed post with hopes for the little one to "act with integrity" and "lift other women up". The 39-year-old shared a heartwarming snap while lifting her baby up in the pool. In view of her 466,000 followers, she penned: "Happy International Women’s Day! Proscratinated A LOT over what to say/post …. Not my place to tell anyone what kind of woman to be…. "But I hope my little lady turns out to be one that lifts other women up. Grateful for the good girls and guys that let them shine in my life." She added the hashtags: "#grateful #internationalwomensday #bekind #bebrave #beyou." READ MORE: Kirstie Allsopp says she's less of a Prince Harry 'fan'  Helen was inundated with messages from celebrity pals and fans alike. Karen commented: "She will be Just like you," while Ulrika Jonsson shared heart emojis. The Countryfile presenter then took to her Stories and shared a series of inspirational women including many of her friends and family. In a candid message she wrote: "And that's not even them all (because you don't take pics with your every day besties doing every day things.   "But my point is grateful for great girls in my life." The post comes days after her ex-husband Richie Myler posted a celebratory post of his own with his pregnant girlfriend Stephanie Thirkill. Helen announced her split from rugby league player Richie, 32, in April 2022. It was later reported that he had embarked on a new romance and months later she is expecting the couple's first child together. Helen, who is also mum to Ernie, seven, and Louis, five, also shares her one-year-old daughter with Richie. Back In January, he decided to set his account to private after receiving nasty comments from some followers. He typed: "I’ve decided to put my profile private from now on. “If you are on here to share my photos or stories of me and my life maliciously to other people or waste your time sending me abusive messages please just unfollow me," he shared in January.  "I'm going to start removing people from my account one by one, so if you are a genuine rugby fan and I accidentally remove you I apologise in advance and will accept you back! Thank you Richie." Helen split from her husband Richie last April and spoke about how competing in Strictly Come Dancing was a great distraction for her. In a candid interview with The Telegraph, the Countryfile presenter shared: "I was talking to my best friend about it and I was like, 'I'm not sure, there's the kids and the press and it will be full-on'. "And she just went, 'You're going to get paid to dance around with a fit guy, people are going to put makeup on you, and you’ve got to work. It’s not real life, is it? Why wouldn’t you do it?'"