1000lb Best Friends returned for more chaos with the four pals on Wednesday night as Meghan Crumpler celebrated her bachelorette party. However, this week’s episode on TLC also took a serious turn when Tina Arnold’s appointment with Dr Charles Procter left her having second thoughts about her upcoming procedure. Viewers were shocked when Tina decided to back out of her weight loss surgery at the end of this week’s episode. During her conversation with Dr Procter, she found out the surgery had been approved and seemed nervous yet excited about the upcoming procedure. The surgeon assured her it would be a huge step forward for her health and would allow her to live longer and see her children grow up. However, when it came time to leave for the surgery, Meghan struggled to get Tina out of bed. READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 The episode concluded with Tina shouting she had decided to back out of the operation, leaving fans frustrated with her behaviour. Redditor u/perfect_fifths commented: “Tina wasting everyone's time and throwing an adult temper tantrum shows how immature she is. The whole point of WLS is to get healthier and extend your lifespan. “I’ve been under anaesthesia plenty of times, and the doctor knows what he's doing, she needs to stop letting fear control her.” u/snoozyspider posted: “Tina thinks she’s the special exception. WLS does have risks, but Tina would have literally been just fine.” “I hope the hospital charged her for ditching the DAY OF. That is so beyond ridiculous and delusional to waste everyone’s time like that. Stay miserable I guess.” Twitter user Colin Brinkley fumed: “Tina worked hard to finally have the opportunity to get surgery, and now she wants to be lazy!!” @brileighh11 added: “I don’t think my eyes have rolled back down from this scene with Tina… like she did all the work for surgery for what.” And @CaptPiccard said: “Two seasons of waiting for Tina to get approved for surgery and now she’s backing out, I see why her and Megan get along so well.” DON'T MISS:Chicago Fire’s Kelly Severide's exit explained [LATEST]Daisy Jones and the Six star recalls ‘embarrassing’ costume blunder [EXCLUSIVE]The Last of Us’ Pedro Pascal on ‘shattering arm in three places' [INTERVIEW] Other fans even speculated Tina was putting off surgery this season in hopes of returning for a third. However, there were also plenty of viewers who sympathised with Tina’s decision as getting weight loss surgery is a huge undertaking. Redditor u/Fillimilli reasoned: “I’m actually not that mad at Tina. The fact is that she never wanted the surgery. “She feels pressured into it because she wants to be on the show and that’s a huge part of it.” “So she’s been ‘trying’ but dragging her feet. Now it’s the morning of and it’s hitting her that she’s about to go through a surgery that she doesn’t want and doesn’t necessarily need.” Fans will have to wait until next week to find out what’s in store for the friends next and whether or not Tina changes her mind about backing out. Elsewhere in the episode, Tina’s friend Meghan came under fire from fans for making explicit moans on a Pedal Pub during her bachelorette outing. 1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.