Joining the Loose Women panel on Friday afternoon, Denise Welch had some very exciting news she couldn't wait to share. The actress announced her step-son Lewis Townley has welcomed a baby with his wife Elizabeth. The panellist is officially a grandparent as Lewis' new-born arrived just a few days ago. Denise announced: "My husband and I became nana and grandad two days ago. "My stepson Lewis and his wife Lizzie gave birth to a beautiful little boy. "I can't say much more because they haven't done the photo reveal." READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Denise's fellow panellists rushed to congratulate the on the news. Charlene White asked: "I’ve got a question you’ve gone for nana, right?” Discussing what she will be known as by the tot, Denise joked: "When you have blended families, you have to share the baby out between so many people; so I've gone for nana. "My mum was nana and I had a nana. I selfishly wanted Lincoln to be 'grompa'. "In the North East we say 'grompa' so I suppose that would be spelt G R O M P A. "But he's going to be grandad and Lewis' mum Bev, she's going to be nanny and Lizzie's mum and dad are just thinking about what they are going to be." It's not the first time, Denise has celebrated as she previously shared a scan on her Instagram page. The 12-week scan was captioned: "Congratulations @lewtownley and @Elizabeth_Townley_ Cope on your first baby. We are thrilled." DON'T MISS...Carol McGiffin addresses face 'drama' after waking up 'like a tomato' [WATCH]Only Fools and Horses' Sue pays tribute to 'best friend' John Challis [VIDEO]Mum celebrates Loose Women cancellation [INSIGHT] Denise recently left fans of Loose Women and her Instagram followers stunned when she shared a snap of herself in a swimsuit. The 64-year-old could be seen reclining on a sun lounger in a green and white patterned swimsuit. Denise showcased her tan as she stretched out her legs and smiled for the camera. The panellist, who was in Dubai, sparked a frenzy with her followers who rushed to comment. Jenny Powell commented: "Girl you are on fire!!" before cheekily adding: "Don’t lend that swimsuit to Lincoln." "Teach me to pose when you get back," Katie Piper added. Fellow actress Julie Graham simply added: "Hot stuff!!" Loose Women airs weekdays on ITV at 12.30pm.