The French Senate has voted to increase the retirement age from 62 to 64. However, this is still lower than the UK’s state pension age, which is currently 66 and rising. More than 1.2 million protesters took to the streets of France earlier in the week in an attempt to stop President Emmanuel Macron’s plans. Trade unions called a national day of strikes and protests for the sixth time since the start of the year. But the British Government has proposed similar changes to that of their French counterparts. In future years, the retirement age in the UK will rise to 67, and subsequently to 68. READ MORE: My win on Premium Bonds made me think about interest rates The French Senate this week debated Mr Macron’s proposals to raise the retirement age from 62 to 64. He has also proposed an increase of the number of years of work required to claim a full pension. At present, French residents receive a state pension based on the redistribution of tax paid for by working people to those in retirement - much like the UK’s system. In 2023, the average French pension is €1,400 per month, working out as £1,229, once taxes are deducted. Don't miss... WASPI woman hits out during Westminster rally [EXCLUSIVE] TSB shares vital savings tips to help Britons make the most of money [ANALYSIS] ISA millionaire shares method to savings success [LATEST] Some pension rules vary, allowing early retirement in particular professions, for those who started work at a young age, and individuals with health conditions. Under the plans of the French Government, those born in 1961 who expected to retire in 2023 will need to work an extra three months. Those born in either 1968 or afterwards are required to be at least 64 years of age to get a full state pension - and will need to have worked 43 years. If a person is unable to meet these conditions, they will have to wait until the age of 67 to get a full state pension. READ MORE: Martin Lewis shares top ISAs today as tax deadline looms State pension age increases have already been confirmed in the UK, but the speed of these is currently less clear. A review is currently taking place to determine whether increases to 68 should be brought forward. In addition, recent reports have suggested Chancellor Jeremy Hunt may be looking to substantially accelerate the rise to 68. Earlier this year, reports said Mr Hunt could announce an increase to 68 as soon as 2035. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea All eyes are now on the Budget next week, as it is expected the Chancellor may address the matter within his speech. Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group, said: “Increasing the state pension age forces a radical shift in people’s retirement planning. “It means people face a fundamental choice of financing an extra year before they receive their state pension, which is the bedrock of retirement income for many people, or working longer. “Even though the increase to 2037-39 has been mooted for a long-time there are still likely to be millions of people unaware that the increase is likely. “While that date may still seem a long way off for many, some people will have limited time to adjust their plans and cut their cloth accordingly.” A Government spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “No decision has been taken on changes to the state pension age. “The Government is required by law to regularly review the state pension age. The review will be published later this year.”