Arsenal have been handed a triple injury boost for Sunday's match at Fulham. It is claimed both Gabriel Jesus and Leandro Trossard could feature at Craven Cottage following their respective injuries, while Martin Odegaard has recovered from illness. Jesus has not played since injuring his knee at the World Cup in December. The Brazilian was back in full training this week and is close to a return to action. Trossard, meanwhile, suffered a groin injury in last weekend's dramatic late win over Bournemouth. The Belgian missed the trip to Sporting Lisbon in midweek and was expected to remain absent at Fulham. Odegaard travelled to Lisbon and was set to play a part in the Europa League last-16 first leg. But he did not make the match day squad after falling ill. However, Goal claims both Jesus and Trossard are in contention to play in west London, while Odegaard is also set to be available. It comes as a big boost to Mikel Arteta, who was short on attacking options.  Read more... Jeff Stelling leaves fans in stitches with Gary Lineker joke on Sky [TV] Gabriel Martinelli played as the central striker in the Europa League tie in Portugal, with Eddie Nketiah also out with an injury. However, Trossard and Jesus are set to bolster resources for the Gunners boss. Jesus was not deemed ready to travel to Portugal on Thursday. In his latest update, Arteta insisted it was a matter of days before he was set to be in contention. Arteta said: "He had a bad injury and he’s been really pushing the boundaries and trying to get that recovery as quick and smooth as possible. The reality is when he’s started to do some activities, he’s still feeling that he needs a little bit of time. "Is it a matter of days? Hopefully yes, more than a matter of weeks. The moment he is ready, he will be thrown onto the field.  Don't miss... Van Dijk behaviour worrying as four Liverpool stars flop v Bournemouth [OPINION] Graham Potter has new Chelsea hero as Leicester escape two red cards [COMMENT] Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [REPORT] "The timescale that he had has been respected and it’s now more about his feelings, and when he actually demands he wants to be part of it." Manchester City have continued to apply pressure on Arsenal at the top. Pep Guardiola's side beat Crystal Palace 1-0 at Selhurst Park on Saturday evening to reduce the gap to two points. Arteta will be relieved to have three extra players to call upon. Jesus' presence in particular will be a delight for Arsenal supporters. The striker only scored five goals in the first part of the season following his summer move from Manchester City. However, the way he led the line was critical to Arsenal's early season success. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 