Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has offered up a strange positive following his side's exit from the Champions League. The Italian insisted it was a plus that his side performed better in Europe this season than they did last term. Spurs played out a drab 0-0 draw with AC Milan on Wednesday to crash out at the last-16 stage. They were unable to put pressure on their Italian opponents who arrived in north London with a 1-0 lead from the first leg at the San Siro last month. Cristian Romero was sent off with 15 minutes remaining to make the task even tougher for the hosts. Milan could easily have made their night easier with more composure in front of goal. Conte admits his side were not good enough in the final third. But he pointed out how reaching the round of 16 in the Champions League is a big improvement on last season's efforts. Spurs were in the Europa Conference League during Conte's first campaign in charge. They were unable to make it out of the group stage in the newly-formed competition.  Read more... Bruno Fernandes could be toast after Man Utd boss Ten Hag's comment [OPINION] Conte told BT Sport: "That is the third game in a row that we were not able to score. I think the game was in the balance. "I think we can do much better offensively. When I speak about offensively, I speak about the whole team not only those who play in the front half. We can do much better. "I can't tell anything negative about the commitment of the players. In my opinion, they gave everything from the start to the end. "We finished the game with 10 men. But if I have to see a positive situation, we did, compared to last season, a little step forward.  Don't miss... Inside Dele Alli's rocky romance with Pep Guardiola's model daughter [INSIGHT] Graham Potter spotted in heated post-match exchange with Cucurella [PICTURES] FIFA clear the path for Qatar takeover of Man Utd [TRANSFERS] "We played in the Europa Conference League last season and weren't able to overcome the group stage. We lost against Mura, Vitesse, Pacos de Ferreira last season. Now we took a step forward but I think it is not enough and if we want to be competitive, we have to fight." Spurs appeared to lack the intensity needed on a big Champions League night. Conte admits his team found it difficult to bring the required level. He added: "For sure in our mind it was to put pressure on with intensity but in the first half we found it difficult offensively. We found space to receive the ball and create one-on-one but we struggled. "We felt a bit of pressure. I think they need to play regularly this type of game to try to improve." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 