Outer Banks fans seem to have mixed feelings about the newly released third season on Netflix and its main storyline on John B (Chase Stokes) and his missing father Big John (Charles Halford) who was previously presumed dead. Season three reveals that, despite going missing at sea, John B's dad is actually alive and well as the pair share a highly emotional reunion. But not every viewer was convinced by the "unrealistic" plot twist, with dozens taking to social media to air their thoughts on Big John's revival. "Outer Banks season 3’s downfall was bringing Big John B back from the dead," penned one fan. "His character was annoying and found myself wanting to skip the majority of scenes he was in. plus the main group wasn’t together enough." READ MORE: Blackbeard's story explained as Outer Banks brings in Edward Teach Another Tweeted: "COMPLETELY AGREE. I hated John… only cared about himself and the gold and he separated the group. "I don’t think Sarah and John B should have been the only ones to find El Dorado. They are a group!! But I like the cliffhanger." A third person penned: "John B’s dad is selfish as hell. I think he’s just as bad as Ward. "These fathers continue to put their selfish needs first over their children. #OuterBanks." Not everyone hated Big John's emotional reunion, however, with one saying: "I think it was needed for the story arc. I thought it was good to balance John B and Sarah. "Both of their dads ended up not being who knew them to be and ended up bringing them closer. Before, those relationships were points of contention. Now they can understand." Season three of Outer Banks came with a number of surprising changes, including in the voiceover department – with Sarah Cameron (Madelyn Cline) taking over from John B. Since the teen drama first landed in 2020, fans have grown familiar with hearing John B’s voice during the narration but many were pleasantly surprised to hear Sarah. In a recent interview, the actress opened up about her role and stated: "I was really, really excited that they trusted me with it this year." She explained: "It's always been John B’s, but Sarah’s journey is kind of internal [this season], and a voice-over feels like the voice in your head, it’s very personal. "Sarah faces a lot of emotional challenges and some decisions that are not easy. "So I’m grateful for it because it lets the audience into her thoughts and feelings and that’s helpful." The 25-year-old told Tudum: "It’s a very cool process to be a part of." Outer Banks follows the adventures of John B and his friends Sarah, Kiara (Madison Bailey), Pope (Jonathan Daviss), and JJ (Rudy Pankow), known as the Pogues. After a chance discovery of a sunken ship, the four embark on a hunt for long-lost treasure and John B’s missing father, Big John Rutledge (Charles Halford). Outer Banks seasons 1-3 are available to stream on Netflix.