Two thousand of the nation’s much-loved pubs are facing last orders, the beer industry has warned as it calls on the Government to extend a lifeline to the sector. The British Beer and Pub Association (BBPA) is calling on Chancellor Jeremy Hunt to use the Spring Budget to deliver a plan for sustainable growth with fair, modernised tax rates.  As well as a focus on skills and training to ensure pubs and breweries can thrive. Chief executive of the BBPA, Emma McClarkin, said: “It is crucial the Government shows in this budget that it understands the pressures the sector is facing and just how much our pubs and breweries mean to communities everywhere across the UK. “After almost three years of extremely tough trading conditions due to lockdowns, an energy crisis, supply chain disruptions and more, now is a make-or-break moment to save our locals and breweries from failure now. “We need the Government to act now or risk losing something very special forever.” The BBPA would also like to see Mr Hunt freeze duty rates, implement a significant increase in the discount for draft beer sold in pubs, and introduce the previously announced reduced rate for lower-strength beers from August 1. As of April 1, the Energy Bill Relief Scheme, which provides price reductions on electricity and gas for non-domestic customers, will be significantly reduced. But Britain’s beloved watering holes are struggling, and they have been for some time.  Successive Covid lockdowns caused years of financial pain, supply issues have hit the industry, as well as labour shortages and fragile consumer confidence. Ms McClarkin said that as a result, many pubs are “running out of road”. The BBPA’s call comes as data from Oxford Economics estimates on-trade beer sales will decline by nine percent in 2023/24. This equates to one million fewer barrels of beer sold, or 288 million pints and 25,000 potential job losses in pubs and the wider industry. Rising cost pressures could be to blame for this, but a new survey has revealed just how much Britons value their locals, with venues up and down the country celebrated as spaces that bring communities together. More than two-thirds (69 percent) of respondents agreed that pubs play an important role in bringing people together, while 67 percent say they are great for creating jobs. Joanne Farrell, who has run the Windsor Castle near Stockport for over 15 years, said she has resorted to installing a wood burner to save on bills, hoovering in the dark and lighting candles where possible to avoid using too much electricity.  Emma Shepherd who runs The Blue Ball Inn in Worrall, Yorkshire, said her fixed-rate electricity contract is due to end in just under a month’s time and she is struggling to find a new provider, with one quoting a standing charge rate that would be a 1000 percent increase on what she currently pays. Keris de Villiers, of the Pig & Whistle in Wandsworth, said in 10 years of running the pub she has never found it so difficult to turn a profit. She said: “We got through Covid, but the cost-of-living crisis is worse. Costs on everything across our business from energy to ingredients have rocketed.” In what’s being termed a make-or-break moment for the sector, the BBPA are also encouraging those interested in supporting their local to sign their Long Live the Local petition. More information can be found at https://www.longlivethelocal.pub. A Government spokesperson said: “The Government will always be on the side of businesses, including pubs. “That’s why our support includes a six-month extension to the alcohol duty freeze, a generous Business Rates package worth £13.6bn, and we’ve pledged further energy support from April onwards through the Energy Bill Discount Scheme.”  Landlord Heath Ball said the pandemic knocked The Red Lion and Sun in Highgate, London, sideways. But little did they know that was “just a taste of the challenges yet to come”. Mr Ball has drained his savings, taken on loans and worked all hours just to keep the lights in his pub on. Speaking to the Express, he said: “At the time it felt like a fight for survival, but looking back, faced with what we are dealing with now, it was just the starter. “I have had to sacrifice so much to keep my business afloat. “Government support was initially good, but it trickled away as the weeks ground on and before we had a chance to get back on our feet, VAT was slapped back to 20 percent. We were never given a chance. “I knew the road to recovery would take a while, but none of us was expecting what was to follow - the war in Ukraine shook the global food markers and drove key items like cooking oil up three times in price. Then the energy crisis hit.”  Mr Ball revealed that a couple of years ago he was paying £16,000 annually for electricity. He is now paying an eye-watering £72,000. He added: “I was forced to take an electricity contract at high rates to be able to be eligible for the Government discount, only to see that support pulled by the Chancellor after a few months. “The promise that hospitality will be protected rings hollow now. “The brutal reality is everything we buy for the pub is more expensive, from the reams of paper for the menu, to the bread. “We need fair tax. A cut to 10 percent, for example, would really help us deal with inflation and the downturn in trade as customers are more careful with their money. “As we saw with the figures from the World Cup, spending in the hospitality sector helped the country avoid recession. Just take a moment to think about that - hospitality helped the country avoid recession. “Maybe Jeremy Hunt should remember this when writing his March budget. We’re not the enemy but quite possibly an ally on the road to recovery.”  What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea