At the beginning of the year, Jeremy Clarkson's apology towards Prince Harry and Meghan Markle was revealed after his "vile" comments in his column for The Sun. Despite calls for the presenter to be axed from his ITV and Amazon Prime Video show, Piers Morgan defended the Clarkson's Farm star after it was reported his spot on ITV's Who Wants to Be a Millionaire was at risk. Before the show ended, Piers added: "We were left on a cliffhanger about Jeremy Clarkson, so apparently there was an updated statement from ITV. "[They said] 'We have recorded the next series and with all series, we won't make any more decisions until after that.' "So they are currently hedging their bets, they're not actually saying that Clarkson is cancelled. I guess the question is should he be?" Dr Tessa Dunlop exclaimed: "So inflammatory that question, cancelled. Can I just extract it from your mouth, it is so unhelpful." READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Piers quipped: "No. You are literally looking at somebody who was cancelled. Somebody, Rupert Murdoch who owns TalkTV and the company, actually came and gave me a job. "Thankfully he believes in free speech, but the truth is I was cancelled from Good Morning Britain at a time when it became the number one morning show on TV. "I was cancelled because I refused to believe Meghan Markle. Now I have to be cancelled for believing it!" Piers went on to defend Jeremy after Tessa suggested the ITV presenter was "past his prime". "He's not actually," Piers stated. "I think his farm thing’s doing really well. My issue with the whole woke brigade is that even when you do issue a grovelling apology it’s never enough. "They never accept it; they throw it back in your face. Is it right for a clumsy, stupid, bad joke – it was intended as a joke, no one supports it – but should he actually lose his ITV contract?" Piers later commented: "I can’t believe that I’m the one that’s got the scar on his head from his fist and I’m the one defending him!" When it was suggested Piers could be Jeremy’s replacement on the popular quiz show, he teased: "Actually, now you’re talking! DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [WATCH]Death in Paradise's Dwayne Myers to reunite with Darlene   [LATEST]Julie Walters pulls out of Channel 4 drama due to ill health   [INSIGHT] "I could make my ITV comeback – Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?" On Christmas Day 2022, Jeremy sent an email apologising to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex for his comments. Jeremy's future presenting ITV's Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? was put under jeopardy as it was unsure whether he would continue to host the show. ITV have since responded to claims that his time on the show will be coming to an end, with a spokesperson explaining: "As we have said for several weeks. "ITV is contractually committed to a further series of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (which has now been recorded.)... "There are no further commissioning commitments beyond that currently as is typical with such shows where we make commissioning decisions on a series-by-series basis. "Therefore for the avoidance of doubt neither Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? nor Jeremy Clarkson have been cancelled.” Jeremy took to Twitter to say: "So many kind messages about today’s reports. But relax. Lisa and I have not split up and I have not been sacked as host of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire." Who Wants to be a Millionaire is available to watch on ITVX