Nobody does buffet food better than Mary Berry. On her website, the baker shared her favourite recipes perfect for any garden party or afternoon tea. Express.co.uk chose the best ones to inspire readers to bake at home ahead of the coronation. Linseed scones with Scrambled Eggs, Salmon and Mary Berry’s Caesar Salad Dressing Ingredients: Instructions: Preheat oven to 180°C. Add self-raising flour into a large bowl with salt, baking powder and linseeds and mix to combine. Add the butter, then rub in with your fingers until the mix looks like fine crumbs. For best results make sure your butter is chilled and use your fingertips. In a separate bowl combine milk with lemon juice and set aside for a few minutes before adding into the flour mixture. Combine well. Sprinkle some flour onto your work surface and tip the dough out. Knead the dough for a few minutes until smooth. Pat into a round approximately 4cm deep. Use a 5cm cutter to cut out your perfectly sized scone shapes. Repeat until you have used up all the dough. Brush the tops with a beaten egg before placing on a baking tray. Bake for 10-15 mins until risen and golden on the top. Serve with freshly made scrambled eggs. Add a spoonful of Mary Berry’s Caesar Dressing while cooking the eggs for a creamy and delicious scramble. You can also drizzle some extra over the smoked salmon when serving. Enjoy.  Picnic Quiches with Mary Berry’s Blue Cheese Dressing Ingredients: Pastry: Filling: READ MORE: Prince Edward has 'suddenly lost so much weight' fans claim - pictures Instructions: Preheat the oven to 200oC, gas mark six. For the pastry, place the flour and butter in a food processor and blitz until it resembles breadcrumbs. Add the egg yolk and two to three tablespoon water and pulse to form a soft dough. Knead lightly, wrap in clingfilm and chill for 20 to 30 minutes. Divide the pastry into six and use to line six by 10cm deep fluted tins. Line with foil and baking beans and bake for 10 minutes, remove the foil and beans and cook for a further five minutes. Meanwhile, blanch the asparagus in boiling water for two minutes, drain and cool. Whisk together the cream, eggs, egg yolk and blue cheese dressing in a large jug, season. Place the asparagus and spring onions in the pastry cases followed by the cheese. Pour over the sauce, sprinkle with pepper flakes and bake for 25 minutes until golden. Allow to cool slightly before removing from the tins. Fish and Chip Celebration Cones with Mary Berry’s Blue Cheese Dressing Ingredients: Instructions: Peel the potatoes and cut lengthways into roughly 1cm slices. Cut each slice into fairly thick chips, rinse in cold water and pat dry with kitchen towel. Heat the oil in a deep-frying pan. Carefully lower the chips into the hot oil and fry for 10 minutes, or until cooked through, but not browned. Carefully remove the chips from the pan, set aside to drain on kitchen paper. Preheat the oven to 180°C. Place chips on a baking tray and cook for another eight to 10 minutes, or until crisp and golden brown. Meanwhile cut fish into strips and season well with salt and pepper. Place the flour, whisked eggs and panko crumbs in three separate dishes, ready to coat the fish. Start by coating the fish in the flour, shaking off any excess. Then coat the fish in the whisked eggs and finish them off by coating in the panko breadcrumbs, making sure to really press the breadcrumbs on the fish so they get a good crust. Transfer the coated fish strips onto a baking sheet. Let the fish sticks rest while you heat the oil in the deep-frying pan. When oil is hot, add the fish strips. Fry for three minutes, after which the fish strips should be nicely browned on the underside and can be flipped. Flip and cook for another three minutes on the second side. Then remove and let them cool on a few paper towels. Serve your double cooked chips and fish in paper cones, with a lemon wedge, sprinkle of chives and a drizzle of Mary Berry’s Blue Cheese Dressing. Enjoy.