Horrifying footage has shown thermite rain falling over the Ukrainian town of Vuhledar – a key location in the fight between Ukrainian and Russian troops. Russia has been throwing a high number of troops at the mining town in the hope they can claim control over it. It appears Moscow's troops are now using thermite weapons to try and break the deadlock. Thermite is a mixture of metal power and metal oxide, and can be used to make bombs. It burns at a temperature of more than 2,400C. It is so hot it can burn through steel and concrete. Human Rights Watch have warned of the dangers of such weapons – they say this is one of Russia's "cruelest" tactics as the thermite weapons can cause "immediate and lifelong human suffering". Thermite bombs can be fired from ground-based rocket launchers. They are indiscriminate weapons that hit wide areas rather than precise targets. Similar reports claimed Russia was using thermite bombs back in September. The piping-hot drops of white were seen over the village of Ozerne, and drone footage even captured it. Ukrainian MP Roman Hryshchuk shared footage of the thermite rain on social media. READ MORE: Wagner thugs stranded in 'killing zone' with 'key bridges' demolished He added: “This is horrible.” At the time, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky had just addressed the UN General Assembly, calling for Russian to be held accountable for its crimes in Ukraine. He said: “A crime has been committed against Ukraine, and we demand just punishment. “The crime was committed against the lives of our people. The crime was committed against the dignity of our women and men.” DON'T MISSPutin killing dozens of opponents as Russian elites mysteriously die [INSIGHT]Oleksandr Usyk accepts Tyson Fury ultimatum - with Ukraine condition [ANALYSIS]Four Ukrainians detail 'insane fear' surviving in terrifying warzone [INSIGHT] Despite Russia's tactics, the commander of Ukraine's ground forces has promised his men will hold the line in Vuhledar and Bakhmut – a city in the Donetsk region. Oleksandr Syrsky said: "The real heroes now are the defenders who are holding the eastern front on their shoulders, and inflicting the heaviest possible losses, sparing neither themselves nor the enemy." "It is necessary to buy time to build reserves and launch a counteroffensive, which is not far off." Bakhmut has been another key target of Russia's in recent months. Ukraine has claimed that 221 pro-Moscow soldiers have been killed and more than 300 wounded in Bakhmut in the last 24 hours. However, Russia's defence ministry has claimed that up to 210 Ukrainian soldiers have died.