This week, Prime Video’s adaptation of the novel written by Taylor Jenkins Reid will premier on the streaming platform. The series will tell the story of an LA-based band as it revolves around the songwriting and will-they-won't-they relationship of lead singers Billy (played by Sam Claflin) and Daisy. Ahead of the premiere, star Riley Keough has confessed how she convinced producers to give her the lead role of Daisy Jones. Actress Keough attended the screening of the upcoming Prime Video series in New York. During a panel interview the 33-year-old recalled her audition she exaggerated her singing abilities to casting directors. She replied: "I think I blacked out at that meeting. I don't really remember what happened." Despite her grandfather being musical legend Elvis Presley, Keough has not followed in the same melodious footsteps. She went on to explain: "I auditioned like everybody else, and lied to them and told them I could sing." Among her overstated singing ability revelation, the actress also admitted she didn't know much about the story of Daisy Jones & the Six before she got the part in the miniseries. Recalling the moment she was asked to go for the part, she said: "I hadn't read the book [before my audition] and my agent called me and she said Hello Sunshine is making a show called Daisy Jones & the Six." She continued: “And in that moment, I had like a weird cosmic dropdown. It was like, 'You're gonna be Daisy in this show.' " Although the star admitted: "I didn't know it was based on the book. I didn't know anything about it. "But then I got the book. I read the book, I listened to the audiobook and I fell in love with it like everybody else." Keough is set to reprise the role of Daisy Jones, the lead singer in the 1970s rock group, which was loosely inspired by the famous rock band Fleetwood Mac. Oscar-winning actress Reese Witherspoon, who executively produced the upcoming series, praised Keough on her portrayal of the character. Speaking to People, Witherspoon said: "She utterly transformed for this role. It was amazing. In real life, I mean, I need to set this distinction — she's very quiet. She's a very quiet, reserved person." Sam Claflin, who will star alongside Keough as co-lead band member Billy Dunne, revealed he "couldn't have asked for a better teammate" referring to Keough. The actor said: "In truth, I couldn't have asked for a better teammate. As much as she had that reputation in her family genes, she didn't come with much musical experience herself, so the two of us had each other to lean on in that way."  Production for the upcoming series was set to start just before the pandemic in 2020, but like most things, during that time it was put to a halt. The cast had to adapt to Covid-life by becoming a band through Zoom meetings. Actor Claflin told Vanity Fair the delay actually helped the cast, he explained: “By the time we got back out to Los Angeles June of last year, I think we were all so pumped and so excited to see one another. "We’d all improved so massively musically—that we then immediately just sort of gelled as a band.” Daisy Jones & the Six premieres on March 3 on Prime Video.