 Time is running out to make use of your allowances for the 2022/23 tax year and cut your exposure to inheritance tax (IHT), capital gains tax (CGT) and dividend tax. This year it's more important than ever, as all three of these taxes will get more punitive from the start of the new tax year on April 6. On that date, Hunt is slashing the annual threshold at which people start paying CGT from £12,300 to just £6,000 (then to just £3,000 in 2024). The amount of tax-free dividends investors can earn outside of an Isa will be halved from £2,000 to £1,000, then to £500 next year. Hunt has frozen inheritance tax thresholds until 2028, increasing HMRC's tax take each year as asset values rise. It's a multi-pronged assault but taxpayers have some weapons in their armoury and should use them to fight back. Perhaps the biggest and best known is the £20,000 Isa allowance, which allows every UK adult to shift their wealth out of HMRC's range for life. Isas can help you beat off both Hunt’s CGT and his dividends tax raid, says Jonathan Watts-Lay, director of advisory group WEALTH at work. “Investment gains from a Stocks and Shares Isa are protected from CGT, while dividends are free of income tax.” For those who prefer a lower-risk cash Isa, all interest is tax-free too, Watts-Lay said.   CGT is charged at different rates depending on the assets and your personal tax bracket, but it can be as high as 28 percent. Dividend tax can be even more punitive. Basic rate taxpayers pay 8.75 percent on any dividend income above the allowance, while higher rate taxpayers pay 33.75 percent and additional rate taxpayers pay 39.35 percent. While many paid nothing under the current £2,000 threshold, they may now face a tax bill. Yet there is no dividend tax on shares held inside the Isa tax wrapper. If you hold any stocks (including old privatisation shares) or investment funds outside of an Isa, you can sell them and buy them back next day inside an Isa, through a process known as Bed & Isa. Any gains may be subject to CGT but if you sell before April 6, you can use today's £12,300 allowance to slash your exposure. In recent years, many savers have given up on cash Isas, as they pay less interest than standard savings accounts. That wasn't a problem taxwise, because under the personal savings allowance (PSA), basic rate tax payers could take £1,000 a year of non-Isa savings interest tax free. Higher rate tax payers could take £500, although 45 percent taxpayers don’t get a PSA. Few breached the PSA when savings accounts paid one percent or less, but with best buy fixed rate bonds now paying more than four percent a growing number face shock tax bills. As a rough guide, a basic rate taxpayer who earned interest of four percent a year outside of a cash Isa would hit the PSA with just £25,000 of savings, or just £12,500 for a higher-rate taxpayer. Again, that won’t happen if the cash is held inside an Isa. Cash Isa rates are still slightly lower, though, so savers who will not breach the PSA may still prefer a standard deposit account. READ MORE: Hunt pushes over-55s back to work. Then HMRC applies ‘hidden penalty’   With the new tax year so close, Watts-Lay urged savers and investors to act fast. “The Isa exemption is a ‘use it or lose it’ allowance. You cannot carry forward unused allowances from previous tax years.” Sadly, the Isa tax wrapper does not protect your wealth from IHT when you die. While you can pass on your tax advantages to a spouse or civil partner, on their death the money will become subject to the hated death tax. However, you can whittle down your IHT exposure over the next four weeks by making gifts to loved ones before the tax year ends on April 5, then next tax year too. Read more about your IHT-saving options here. Paying more money into a pension by April 6 could also reduce both your income tax and IHT exposure. Alex Davies, chief executive of advisers Wealth Club, says wealthy investors have other ways of keeping wealth away from Hunt. “If you are an experienced investor and prepared to take on more risk, consider investing in early-stage businesses through Venture Capital Trusts (VCTs), the Enterprise Investment Scheme (EIS) or the Seed Enterprise Investment Scheme (SEIS). “They very tax efficient and your money goes to entrepreneurial companies, which is great for the UK’s economic growth and job creation.” These options are not right for most people, though. “As a rule of thumb, the greater the tax benefits, the higher the risk.” There are plenty of ways to take the tax fight to Hunt, but only if you act now. 