Gary Lineker is known for his East-Midlands roots having been born in Leicester, and as a former player for the Leicester City football team. Since ending his 16-year career on the pitch, the Walkers frontman has since earned the title of the UK's leading presenter for the sport, and an impressive net worth to match. Here's a look at the scenic London district where you'll find Gary's multi-million-pound home. Known as the BBC's most highly-paid presenter and popular household name, Gary Lineker has accumulated a net worth of roughly £29million throughout his career, according to celebritynetworth.com. The former England football player may have lived in Leicester, Essex and even Surrey previously, though he now resides in the sought-after district, Barnes in West London. Situated beside the River Thames, the scenic city spot is part of the affluent borough of Richmond - one of the capital's most expensive areas. With house prices in the area sitting significantly above the London average, Gary's private home is not short on space, or luxury. READ MORE: Professional cleaner advises to ditch these common household products The 62-year-old now earns more from presenting than he did during his 16-year sporting career, and has spared no expense on his home interior. His urban mansion is reportedly worth around £4million and has been decked out with a spacious cinema room, chic living spaces and a tree-lined garden packed with greenery. While Gary has four sons and has been married twice, the former footballer lives alone with his dog Filbert in his London mansion. Nevertheless, the BBC star still spends quality time at the house with his adult children when they come to visit. George, Tobias, Harry and Angus are the children of Gary and his first wife, Michelle Cockayne. Don't miss... BBC says Gary Lineker will not face disciplinary action over comments [LATEST] POLL: Should Fiona Bruce be sacked by BBC over ‘bias’? [POLL] Express readers react to Gary Lineker BBC row [INSIGHT] He later married 43-year-old Danielle Bux in 2009, with whom he purchased an equally as impressive home in Surrey. The property was located just outside Esher, boasting six bedrooms and five bathrooms. Gary and Danielle moved there after living in London, where the football presenter has since moved back to. His current Barnes home is kept largely private though he has shared glimpses of the interior on social media. Red recliner chairs can be seen in the cinema room alongside a wall filled with antique-style framed photographs. READ MORE: Stop cats pooping in gardens naturally using 13p kitchen staple A rustic-style kitchen with exposed brick walls, light wood parquet flooring and forest-green coloured counters also feature in the house. As a keen cook, Gary had decked out the space with top-of-the-range equipment too. In one snap shared on Instagram, he showed himself cooking up a feast on his double-width stove top. While the BBC presenter's home is worth more than the average property in the area, the affluent borough boasts high asking prices for those on the market. According to Rightmove, properties in Barnes had an overall average price of £1.32million over the last year. The majority of sales in the past 12 months were terraced properties, selling for an average price of £1.34million. Meanwhile, flats sold for an average of £625,686, and semi-detached properties fetched £2.54million. While there are numerous fantastic independent shops and great pubs in the area, Barnes is also perfect if you love the great outdoors. Not only are there riverside walks to be taken, but plenty of greenery on the common, a farmer's market, and the grade II-listed Bishops park. 