George recently admitted that he "wasn't impressed" by the on-screen dragons in the Game of Thrones, saying that were "all the same". But now House of the Dragon boss Ryan thinks he has found the solution as he announces a major change for season two. Mr Martin made the confession at an FYC event for HBO earlier this week – joined by all the show's cast and crew. Despite his disappointment at the GOT fire breathers, he said the ones he saw in House of the Dragon were "next level". "They had personality," he admitted. "They came alive. It came as great satisfaction to me." That may be down to the fact that showrunner Ryan revealed five new dragons join the upcoming season, with production beginning "shortly". READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance We know a new season of the GOT prequel won't return until late 2024 following comments from HBO chief Casey Bloys. He explained: "My philosophy is a good script is [the] number one priority. "I am not doing it based on wanting to have one a year, two a year." Bloys told Variety: "I want to do it based on the scripts that we’re excited about." During this week's event, held by the Directors Guild of America on Tuesday, author George explained his 2018 novel Fire and Blood was only a "guide" to House of the Dragon. "It was an imaginary history book," he detailed, reports Deadline. He added: "In Fire and Blood, it stated that Queen Emma Arryn dies in childbirth and the son dies [within the hour]. "There is nothing about it being the most horrendous childbirth scene ever seen on TV. That’s all the work of [Condal] and his writers." Don't miss... The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [LATEST] House of the Dragon star exposes deleted wedding scene [LATEST] Game of Thrones star would ‘love’ House of the Dragon role [LATEST] Martin admitted he found the "weird a** stuff" in season one "cool" and confessed his regret at not getting on set for the first instalment. "Sadly I wasn’t there for any of this fun," he said of reported banter on set. "I was in Santa Fe working on [his next] novel," he told the crowds. It was a direct mention of The Winds of Winter, his long-awaited sixth book in the Song of Ice and Fire franchise. House of the Dragon landed on screen last year and became an instant success and smashed rating records for HBO. With nearly 10 million viewers switching to HBO, the Game of Thrones prequel became the largest premiere in the network's history. Season two viewers can expect to see the thrilling fallout of Aegon Targaryen (Tom Glynn-Carney) becoming King after the death of his father, Viserys Targaryen (Paddy Considine). This sparked a major war between the family as Rhaenyra Targaryen (Emma D’Arcy) was next in line for the throne. House of the Dragon is available to stream on HBO in the US and on NOW TV in the UK.