On the most recent instalment of Sunday Brunch, Channel 4 viewers saw Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer welcome long-running Crufts judge Frank Kane to the show. However, when a dog called Tazer was brought on to illustrate how an inspection would happen at the annual event, viewers were not happy. Each year, dogs from across the world come to the UK to take part in the international competition Crufts. The annual show, which is hosted by The Kennel Club, will see over 20,000 dogs divided into seven different groups before competing for the ultimate prize, Best In Show. With the event started on March 9, Sunday Brunch hosts Simon Rimmer and Tim Lovejoy spoke to the long-running judge of the competition Frank Kane. During the interview, they welcomed a parson russell terrier called Tazar to be inspected which Frank demonstrated what the judges at Crufts would look for.  READ MORE:SNL pays touching tribute to John Head as NBC show airs title card He commented: “They [the judges] take into consideration that they have to be fit for function, able to judge the job for which they were bred. “So, for a working terrier, he’s got this strong jaw to dig out foxes or badgers so he needs a good set of teeth.” Explaining this is all taken into account when being looked over by the judges, Frank moved onto the neck and shoulders of the dog. He added: “We all need good limbs to move well and live well, the same with dogs. So we look for good shoulders, a good layback of shoulder, a good neck, the correct amount of bone and strong feet for a digging dog.”  However, as the Crufts judge was inspecting Tazar on the table, many viewers noticed Frank’s awkward hand placement on the dog as fans claimed the animal looked "uncomfortable". Twitter user @Phillips1Luke commented: “The longer this bloke has his finger over that dogs s*** ****, the more awkward this is!” @SpiritWalkTalk added: “Did that little dog look rustic? Looked kind of anxious and uncomfortable like 'why am I on this table, stop touching me'.” Elsewhere, @Sarah_sjr64 said: “That poor dog looks so uncomfortable with that crufts bloke circling his bum with his thumb. #SundayBrunch hope that bloke washes his hands too!” DON'T MISS... BBC Breakfast host jokes he'll leave over 'natural' young reporter [VIDEO] Coronation Street star shares reason Amy stays quiet after rape [SOAP] Love Island fans demand Casey leave as they fume over Claudia's exit [REACTION]  And @DaveR0driguez fumed: “That poor #dog did not look happy or comfortable up there. That was uncomfortable viewing and a big #fail that old man had his thumb constantly pressing against it’s tailbone. Stop trying to force dogs to perform for TV and these cruel dog shows!” @KlRussell said: “Little uncomfortable watching - dog shaking, His hand/thumb constantly down the back end. Think Simon/Tim were probably thinking the same.” With Twitter user @iCrowby adding: “Dog shaking with terror #SundayBrunch” Elsewhere in the interview, Frank explained: “It’s not just about beauty, not just about the presentation of the dog, it’s about being fit for function. There’s a bit of science in it.”   Despite viewers' concerns about the pet, his owner Katie told the Sunday Brunch hosts he has a great time when competing. She said: “He has an absolute ball, he just thoroughly enjoys himself.” Kate revealed that Tazar has been a previous Crufts champion twice. Frank added: “When it gets to the tough competition, to an outsider watching a class of dogs being judged might be as boring as paint, they all look the same, “But, for the judges, it's fine differences. One might be better in the shoulders, a judge might like a slightly better head or something, it’s fine differences that make the difference.” Sunday Brunch continues Sundays on Channel 4 from 9:30am 