Following the incident, Ms Davis died from a severe traumatic brain injury after six days in hospital. The teenager pleaded guilty at Nottingham Youth Court to the crime of riding without insurance or a licence on a private e-scooter. A judge said the "tragic incident" was avoidable as "this mode of transport should not be there." In a statement, Ms Davis’s daughter, Rebecca Williams, said: “This boy’s choices and actions that day took my mum’s life and changed our lives forever. “My family and I are now living with the impact of her loss every single day. I would never wish this pain on someone else. Mum was a very youthful, lively, and amazing nan. She would do anything for her family and was loved so much.” Ms Williams added: “She never let her age stop her doing anything. She would always join in silly games, whether she’d be dancing around the kitchen, throwing parties or riding toy tractors. “Nothing will ever repair the damage that has been done but I desperately hope my mum’s case will make children and parents think about and understand the real-life devastating consequences of illegally riding an e-scooter before they buy or use one. “What happened to my mum should never happen again. I don’t want her to be just another statistic, if I can just help make someone else stop and think before they get on an e-scooter then at least my mum’s life won’t have been taken in vain. “I want people to make sure they are fully aware of the laws regarding the use of e-scooters and the harm they can cause if they are ridden illegally or in a dangerous or antisocial manner.” The boy involved in the crash was handed a 12-month referral order, a six-month parenting order to attend sessions with his mum and ad, and a five-year driving ban. A victim surcharge of £26 was imposed alongside £85 towards prosecution costs which will be paid by his parents. According to the Department for Transport (DfT), it is illegal to use privately-owned e-scooters on pavements, footpaths, cycle tracks and cycle lanes on roads. Under current laws, e-scooter riders must have a driving licence and must conform to a number of requirements in order to be used lawfully. The DfT website says “it is likely they (riders) will find it very difficult to comply with all of these requirements”. There are several e-scooter rental schemes operating in cities around the UK.