A wife found the mummified corpse of her husband buried deep within their "hoarder home" eight months after he went missing. Jennifer Maedge made the gruesome discovery while rummaging around for some Christmas decorations in their closet. Jennifer first reported her husband missing on April 27, 2022 after he phoned her to say he was leaving work early. She came back home to discover his car on the driveway and headed inside and found his wallet, keys and cards in the house - but there was no sign of the dad-of-three. Police searched the Illinois property she shared with her husband on at least two occasions to try and find him. Both times cops reported smelling a "sewer-like" odour inside the house, which they described as a "hoarder home". READ MORE: Terrifying moment commuter narrowly avoids getting crushed by huge 25-pound ceiling panel Richard's disappearance remained a mystery until December 11 - a whole eight months after he went missing. Jennifer went to retrieve some Christmas decorations and was shocked to find her husband’s body in the closet where they were stored. “I decided to put the Christmas tree up, and I was looking for a tote of Christmas ornaments, and that’s when I discovered him,” Jennifer told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch in December. Coroners released a report on Thursday indicating Richard had died by suicide, and that his body had passed the stage of decomposition and become mummified by the time he was discovered. DON'T MISSHorrifying moment tourists in Mexico are 'dragged' into van [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's Coronation invite may be their 'last' [LATEST]Mother wipes out family in horrific murder-suicide [REPORT] Jennifer, her neighbours, and even cops reported a foul stench coming from the home for months but believed it was sewage. Cops attributed the odour to tons of rubbish inside the home and a plumber even repaired one of the sewer pipes outside in a bid to get rid of the stench. Despite complaints, the wife said the smell was never overwhelming. The police coroner told KTVI mummified bodies don't give off odours, which may have helped Richard go undiscovered for so long. READ MORE: Two Americans kidnapped after shootout in Mexico found dead - two others rescued Richard's sister, Marilyn Toliver, has criticised the police for not finding her brother earlier and believes officers could have done more. However, she commended officers for finding the body and helping give the family a degree of closure. Marilyn said: "Even though we didn't want the outcome that we had, it's still an outcome that we can put him to rest." Troy police refuted Marilyn's claims and said they undertook extensive searches of the home and the surrounding areas. The coroner concluded: "There were no other injuries found during the autopsy examination or evidence found that would indicate anything nefarious regarding Mr Maedge's death." If you're having suicidal thoughts or know someone who is, it's important to tell someone. You can contact the Samaritans on 116 123 or jo@samaritans.org These free helplines are there to help when you're feeling down or desperate.