Volodomyr Zelensky has vowed to catch the Russians guilty of the ­“brutal and brazen shooting of an unarmed” prisoner of war – after a clip of it went viral on social media. As thousands of war crimes are probed – both by the international criminal court in The Hague and in Ukraine – its president pledged that the thugs behind the latest atrocity will be held to account.  He said: “We will find the murderers.” Kyiv’s top prosecutor also called on the international criminal court to investigate the disturbing footage which first aired on Twitter. The 12-second video showed an unarmed soldier – later identified as father-of-five Timofiy Shadura – in a uniform with a Ukrainian flag ­insignia on his arm standing and smoking a cigarette in a wood. Mr Shadura was heard to call “Slava Ukraini!” – or Glory to Ukraine – before multiple shots were heard. He then slumped to the ground as bullets appeared to hit his body in the mystery location. A voice was subsequently heard saying “Die, b*tch” in Russian. A woman on Tuesday night identified the man killed as her brother Timofiy, 41, from Mala Derevychka, in the Zhytomyr region.  The Ukrainian defence ministry said Mr Shadura had been in the 30th Mechanised Brigade. He had gone missing in fighting around Bakhmut on Friday. Andriy Kostin, Ukraine’s prosecutor general, said Ukraine’s security service had registered the shooting as a criminal case. He said: “Even the war has its own laws. There are rules of international law being systematically ignored by the Russian ­criminal regime. “But sooner or later, there will be punishment.” Beth Van Schaack, the US state department’s ambassador for global criminal justice, said Russians have murdered, tortured and kidnapped Ukrainians in a systematic pattern that could implicate top officials in war crimes. She said evidence from liberated areas indicates “deliberate, indiscriminate and disproportionate” attacks against civilians, abuses of civilians and prisoners, the forceful removal of Ukrainian citizens – including children – to Russia, executions and sexual violence. 