Manchester United fans could be left frustrated as the Glazers are reportedly considering whether to scrap the takeover process entirely. The controversial billionaire family had previously hinted that a full sale could be on the cards without explicitly telling supporters what many of them wanted to hear. Red Devils fans are broadly keen to see the back of the Glazers after years of perceived mismanagement in the boardroom and saddling the club with debt. Co-chairmen Joel and Avram Glazer have been at Old Trafford since 2005. Late last year, Avram admitted that the family were 'considering strategic alternatives' and further suggestions that the club could be sold came via a soft deadline set for bids in February. Sir Jim Ratcliffe and Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani each released statements to United fans after launching their respective proposals, outlining their intentions if the Glazers agreed to green-light the sale. Don't miss... Benni McCarthy said he'd KO Mourinho and played in an American gang [FEATURE] Supporters have been left in the dark on what happens next, and there are suggestions that the Glazers aren't willing to play ball with the current bids - thought to be in the region of £4.5billion. They supposedly value United closer to £6bn. According to The Sun, the Red Devils could be taken off the market completely as the Glazers weigh up a scheme that would capitalise on the club's fanbase. All possible moves reportedly remain on the table while offers fall short of expectations. Read more... Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover U-turn, Richarlison lashes out [LATEST] Man Utd chiefs 'have same concern' about signing De Jong or Bellingham [TRANSFERS] Man Utd set for Henderson 'meeting' as Ten Hag makes his mind up [REPORT] An option under consideration is using external cash to create a new company with the aim of pushing United's merchandising and digital commercial operation. Multiple US hedge funds have expressed an interest in getting involved with the club's 'strategic alternatives'. Creating the new entity would allow them to make money from digital sales, video gaming and merchandising, further reducing the likelihood of the Glazers surrendering the club completely. A scrapped takeover process would be a bitter kick in the teeth for United fans, who have routinely protested the Glazers' ownership inside and outside Old Trafford. Avram was greeted by hostile chants when he attended the Carabao Cup final at Wembley last month. On his appearance, manager Erik ten Hag said: "He was really happy for the club, as an owner. They really want to be part of it. You feel that when he’s in the dressing room, very good he was there, he had to show his intentions."