In a development which could have huge implications for any future war in Asia, a highly influential advisory body (which is part of the Chinese Communist Party’s (CCP) "united front") passed a resolution for execution lists of high-value individuals within Taiwan should China invade. The resolution seemed to suggest that "during our special operations against Taiwan, anyone can arrest or kill them, not only without any responsibility but also receive the Medal of Honor for Promoting Unification" (https://mobile.twitter.com/polijunkie_aus/status/1632724316977774595). Talk of special operations echoes Russian language over Ukraine, and seems to indicate an invasion or blockade is likely. The resolution now appears to have been adopted. The possibility of a conflict involving Taiwan is no doubt growing. Yet, at the same time, polling from the Taiwan Foundation for Democracy found that more than 70 percent of Taiwanese would fight China if it tried to force "unification".Far from merely absorbing Taiwan into China, there is concern that - due to likely resistance - the CCP would seek to govern the island with an iron fist, as it has in Hong Kong after the CCP abandoned the "one country, two systems" model. Indeed, only last year, China's ambassador to France spoke of re-educating the Taiwanese people, a hint on what is in the minds of CCP leaders.Speaking today, Chinese leader Xi Jinping said the People's Liberation Army (PLA) must modernise, while warning that China must oppose pro-independence and secessionist activities - as well as external interference - in Taiwan. This all comes as China scored something of a diplomatic victory last week, bringing officials from Iran and Saudi Arabia together, with a renewal in diplomatic ties. The CCP was likely looking to undermine US influence in the Middle East while growing its own. More importantly, China may have an eye on securing access to oil in the event of a coming conflict. Clearly the reported persecution of Muslim Uyghurs has not put off Iran or Saudi Arabia, or indeed China's "iron brother" Pakistan, from dealing with Beijing.  It seems the British Government is now waking up to the risk of war. The Integrated Review of defence and foreign policy has in fact been updated to include a reference to the threat China poses to Taiwan. While the Taiwan Strait may seem a long way from the UK, Britain would be hit if Taiwan's massive semiconductor industry - on which the world so heavily relies - fell into Beijing's hands (although the extent to which other countries would cooperate with China in this instance is up for debate). The consequences of such a takeover could indeed be immense. Moreover, the UK is a major beneficiary of the US Navy's protection of shipping lanes, including the busy lanes in and around Asia, the heart of global manufacturing. The AUKUS security pact with Australia and the US, as well as a recent defence agreement between London and Tokyo, suggests the UK - a nuclear weapons state and a major US ally - would not be sitting out any conflict over Taiwan.Finally, it is worth remembering that the UK leases a naval support facility to the US military on Diego Garcia, part of the British Indian Ocean Territory. This is within strike range of Chinese missiles and could be a major target in the event of war. A strike on UK territory would, if nothing else did, likely draw the UK into a conflict with Beijing.