A woman has been found guilty of manslaughter after a 77-year-old cyclist fell off the path and into an oncoming car. Auriol Grey, 49, gestured towards retired midwife Celia Ward in a "hostile and aggressive way" before Ms Ward appeared to wobble off the pavement and into the road in Huntingdon, Cambridge, in October 2020. Video footage captured the moment Grey shouted at Ms Ward to "get off the f****** pavement".  Ms Ward fell into the carriageway and was struck by a VW Passat. Peterborough Crown Court heard that the two women passed each other in opposite directions with the prosecution claiming Grey was "angered by the presence of a cyclist on a footpath". Simon Spence KC, prosecuting said Grey, who has cerebral palsy, shouted at Mrs Ward and "gestured in a hostile and aggressive way towards" her, causing her to fall off the bike and into the road where she was hit by an oncoming car. Being interviewed by police Grey told officers she was partially sighted and described the cyclist as travelling "fast". She said she was "anxious" she was going to be hit and "may have unintentionally put" out her hand to protect herself. But after being shown the CCTV footage, interviewing officer Det Sgt Mark Dollard asked her why she said what she said, to which she responded: "I don't know". READ MORE: Fears that UK Cat Killer 'is still out there' with 300 new victims The court heard that the vehicle had no chance of stopping or taking avoiding actions and Ms Ward died at the scene. Grey left prior to emergency services arriving and carried on to Sainsbury's. Grey was found guilty of manslaughter and will be sentenced on March 2. Detective Sergeant Dollard said the case was "difficult and tragic". He said: "Everyone will have their own views on cyclists, pavements and cycleways but what is clear is Auriol Grey's response to the presence of Celia on a pedal cycle was totally disproportionate and ultimately found to be unlawful, resulting in Celia's untimely and needless death." He added that he is "pleased with the verdict, adding that it is a "stark reminder to all road users to take care and be considerate". "I want to take the time to acknowledge Celia's family and thank them for their patience and dignity throughout the entirety of the investigation and trial." 