Last month saw the release of Sky Atlantic’s new western drama Django, which was an adaptation of the 1966 classic. In an exclusive interview, actress Lisa Vicari spoke to Express.co.uk about her role as Sara.   Django follows the adventures of the titular character (played by Matthias Schoenaerts) as he journeys to find his long-lost daughter. On his quest, he ventures into New Babylon, a city for outcasts which was founded by former slave John Ellis (Nicolas Pinnock) and his orphaned fiancée Sara (Lisa Vicari). The jaded cowboy made a jaw-dropping arrival as he defeated the town’s starfighter Isaac Borowka (Slavko Sobin). After taking the prize money, John demanded he leaves Babylon by morning, and when he was caught still in the town, John tied him up ready to kill him. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance    Just moments before his death, Sara put a stop to the murder and demanded no one would die on her wedding day. At that moment, Django locked eyes with Sara and recognised her as his long-lost daughter. The actress Lisa Vicari opened up about starring as the troubled character and spoke on her reasons for being in the western drama. She shared: “I got involved in a classical way through an audition and I was intrigued by the genre of course, in the beginning.  “It's just amazing to be part of a Western, especially me being German and I would never have expected to be part of a Western.” Lisa continued: “Then just reading the first episodes and seeing how well all the characters are crafted and how complex they were and what a modern take on the western it is. “On top of all of that, seeing who was behind the scenes and seeing that Francesca [Comencini] was developing it and that Matthias [Schoenaerts] was attached as Django and all these different aspects coming together.” DON'T MISS...The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [INSIGHT]Django’s Lisa Vicari lifts lid on Sara’s relationship with father [INTERVIEW]Django on Sky Atlantic will air a double bill every week [INSIGHT] She added: “I just really wanted to be part of it. And I'm happy than I am.” Although Sara didn’t recognise her father straight away, the severity of their relationship was eventually unveiled. Sara hated Django and demanded he left New Babylon for good. She blamed him for the massacre of her entire family, who were all killed while Django was away at war.  Despite her insistence on Django leaving the town, he proved himself to John as a fighter, when they were under attack by Elizabeth (Noomi Rapace). Django also sparked a bond with John and offered his assistance in defeating Elizabeth. As John welcomed him to stay it was revealed Elizabeth wanted Babylon for reasons yet to be revealed. As for Sara and Django’s relationship, fans will have to stay tuned to see if the father-and-daughter duo will be able to repair their bond. Django continues Wednesdays on Sky Atlantic and is available to stream on Now TV. 