A huge fire with thick black smoke near Wolverhampton train station is causing train chaos for passengers across much of the country this morning, and also caused traffic delays for rush hour drivers in the city. Issues are due to a caravan being on fire under the rail bridge on Lower Horseley Fields. The line-side fire near the railway between Wolverhampton and Birmingham New Street led to all lines being blocked earlier. The line has been reopened but delays of up to 60 minutes are still expected until around 1pm. Routes affected are the: National Rail has the following travel advice for passengers. It says people on CrossCountry services may use National Express West Midlands Buses between Birmingham New Street and Wolverhampton. Customers on London Northwestern Railway / West Midlands Railway are advised that they can use their ticket on the following to help them get to their destination: West Midlands Metro services between Birmingham and West Bromwich Central / Wolverhampton, National Express West Midlands via any reasonable route, Avanti West Coast between Liverpool Lime Street and Birmingham New Street. Road replacement transport has been requested to run between Shrewsbury and Birmingham New Street in both directions.  The fire caused issues for commuters in this morning trying to get to work in the rush hour. Near Wolverhampton Station, Lower Horseley Road was closed so firefighters could safely put out the flames. It was reopened at around 10.30am.   A West Midlands Fire and Rescue spokesperson said crews were called at 8am this morning to reports of a caravan on fire beneath an archway of a bridge off Lower Horsley Fields, Wolverhampton. The incident involved a caravan and a large quantity of rubbish well alight beneath the bridge archway. Due to 999eye footage of the scene received by Staffordshire and West Midlands Fire Control, additional resources were mobilised before the  firefighters' arrival. Crews had one main jet and three hose reel jets tackling the blaze.   No casualties were reported. There were six fire crews at the scene, a fire engine and 4x4 brigade response vehicle from Fallings Park and fire engines from Wolverhampton, Bilston, Willenhall and Wednesbury.  West Midlands Police, British Transport Police and West Midlands Ambulance were also in attendance. 