Chelsea boss Graham Potter has taken the blame for his side’s woes in this season as pressure builds on his position as Blues manager. Leeds United will be the next team to try and take advantage of the west Londoners' dire run of form as Javi Garcia looks to claim his second win since replacing Jesse Marsch. Chelsea have endured a terrible campaign domestically and currently languishes in tenth position in the Premier League. The Blues have won just three of their last 17 matches in all competitions with their form in front of goal particularly poor. Potter’s players have managed to score just once in their last six matches in a dire winless run. The performances have placed huge pressure on Potter’s job with the next week crucial, Saturday’s fixture against Leeds is followed by the second leg of the Champions League round of 16 clash with Borussia Dortmund. If the team were to lose both matches the Englishman’s position may just become untenable. Potter has admitted that the responsibility for his side’s poor form rests with him as he promised Chelsea supporters he was doing everything he could to learn from his mistakes and turn the situation around. READ MORE: Man Utd star Greenwood may play again this season as Red Devils 'receive offers' “You’re always looking at how you are working, your process, your messaging and how you can improve it,” he told reporters when asked about Chelsea’s problems. “It’s quite easy when things aren’t going well to blame somebody else but the reality of it is it starts with me and I look at how I can improve my communication to the players, how I can improve as a coach, how we can improve the messaging and how we can improve everything. That’s what you’re fighting for. “When you’ve had the results we have had clearly it (your message) is not perfect otherwise you would have better results. Clearly it is a process of how to get our message across better. How can we structure things in a way to help the players because that is what we are here for. “When results aren’t good, from my point of view you have to accept that we haven’t done it well enough.” DON'T MISSChelsea have world-class manager to appoint who wants job 'ASAP' if Potter sackedMan Utd may target 'monster' centre-back as Maguire replacement in 'convenient' dealLiverpool offered glimmer of hope as Barcelona give Klopp perfect Real Madrid gameplan Potter also suggested that his players were feeling the pressure too but he was keen to stress that getting the club out of their current plight was a collective effort. “That’s the reality we are in and I am sure the players will take responsibility and admit they can do better as well,” he explained. “We are in it together. I feel the support of the players, I feel the support of everyone here. The results haven’t been good but we are still there fighting for each other. They want to do better, and they do. There’s a feeling that it’s close. A feeling that we can take some steps but talk is one thing, we have to show it on the pitch, we have to see it on the pitch.”