A trickle of information regarding Aaron Rodgers’ NFL future has turned into a deluge in recent days, with the latest reports indicating the Green Bay Packers are all but guaranteed to part ways with their longtime quarterback. The organisation’s general manager Brian Gutekunst had added fuel to the fire last week at the 2023 NFL Scouting Combine when he said backup QB Jordan Love was ‘ready’ to start. That news was shortly followed by the NFL’s announcement that Rodgers had been given permission to speak with the New York Jets and today reports suggest it is ‘increasingly likely’ Love will get the Packers’ top spot this season. “I’m sure part of yesterday’s talks were explaining how it would be in New York so that Aaron Rodgers wouldn’t retire,” NFL insider Adam Schefter said on ESPN's Get Up, regarding rumours that Rodgers could also be considering retirement. “And of all the options he is now considering he could always go back to Green Bay but it is increasingly likely that Jordan Love is going to be the quarterback for the Packers in 2023. Don't miss... Tom Brady tipped to reverse NFL retirement again despite £316m deal [LATEST] Lamar Jackson and Daniel Jones free agency decisions imminent  [LATEST] New Orleans Saints sign Derek Carr in vengeful move to former team [LATEST] “So these are all factors that Aaron Rodgers has to sit down and decide and then come to a decision about what he wants to do.” The Jets have pulled out all the stops as they look to improve on Zach Wilson at the QB position, sending a contingent of senior members of the organisation, which include owner Woody Johnson and offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett, to woo the star at his home base of California. Aside from Hackett, who served as Rodgers’ OC for three seasons in Green Bay - years that yielded two MVP awards, the 39-year-old is unfamiliar with key members of the franchise and, as Schefter explained, needs to be sold on the project in New York.   “This was part of a get-to-know-you session,” he added. “Also for Aaron Rodgers to hear what the Jets organisation is all about. They need to explain to him exactly what he’d be stepping into, what the personnel is like, how their philosophies are. “And Aaron Rodgers has to make the decision about whether or not he’s going to play.” Should he decide to take the plunge with the Jets, Rodgers will be backed up by a roster who secured the league's fourth-best defence in 2022 but struggled on the other end of the field. The Jets attacking woes saw them rank 25th in offence last term.