Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp couldn't hide his pride after watching his side demolish rivals Manchester United 7-0 at Anfield in an emphatic performance, but he wanted to see Diogo Jota get on the scoresheet as well to add further humiliation to Erik ten Hag's team. Games between United and Liverpool have always been feisty affairs and Sunday's was no different and the match seemed finely poised in the first half until Cody Gakpo fired the hosts in front just before the break. But it was a different story altogether in the second half as Liverpool ran riot with Nunez scoring just seconds after the restart before Gakpo grabbed his second of the match in the 50th minute. United appeared to drop their heads at that point with the Anfield faithful pushing for even more goals from Klopp's side. Mohamed Salah then got in the act with a neat finish before Nunez doubled his tally and the Egyptian made it six with a thumping effort to become Liverpool's all-time leading goalscorer in the Premier League. The match was rounded off perfectly for Liverpool with Roberto Firmino coming on to squeeze in a finish from a tight angle to spark wild celebrations inside Anfield. But there could have easily have been even more for the Reds in the final minutes with Jota trying to get in on the act. The Portugal international appeared through on goal before losing possession with muted calls from the home fans for a penalty.  Jota was unable to get among the goals and Klopp was left questioning why a penalty wasn't given, but he didn't dwell on it too much. "It's important that we really performed," he said. "All the guys up front scored and then Bobby comes on and scores. DON'T MISS "Diogo could have scored - I'm not sure if it was a penalty or not. Top performance. Everybody who played was really in the game. That's very important for us because there are still 13 games to come so a lot of points to go for and that's exactly what we want so tonight was perfect." Klopp was seen doffing his cap to Salah after the match for the 30-year-old's remarkable achievement in breaking Robbie Fowler's record in just 203 matches. And the Liverpool manager paid credit to his star frontman, insisting Salah will go down in history on Merseyside. "129 goals, that is insane. What an unbelievable number," Klopp said. "He is a special player. We appreciate him now but in the future people will look back and be wow, we witnessed something really special." 