King Charles III has reportedly offered Prince Harry and Meghan Markle an apartment in Buckingham Palace for when they visit the UK in the future. This would become their new UK base after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were asked to vacate their current residence of Frogmore Cottage on the Windsor Estate. Do you think they should they accept the King's olive branch? Vote in our poll. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Palace sources told the Mail on Sunday that the couple is set to be offered a suite of rooms on the Chamber Floor, which previously belonged to Prince Andrew, whenever they need it. A source told the publication: “His Majesty is furious, as is William. But the King is not a bad man. He has no wish to see his brother Andrew homeless or penniless. Nor does he wish to deprive the Sussexes of a base in the UK. “London is a better fit. The Sussexes have always wanted rooms at Buckingham Palace. They could have Andrew's old rooms there, which are currently being vacated.” Harry and Meghan were gifted Frogmore Cottage by Queen Elizabeth II in 2018 and retained the property as their UK residence when they stepped down from their roles in the Firm and relocated to the US. READ MORE: King extends olive branch to Harry and Meghan after Frogmore row IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE POLL ABOVE, CLICK HERE They were issued with an eviction notice to move out of the property in January, shortly after the publication of Harry’s tell-all memoir, Spare. A spokesperson for the couple said: “We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” Harry and Meghan reportedly have until the Autumn to remove their belongings from Frogmore Cottage, which The Sun reports has been offered to Prince Andrew. They could also be offered a UK base at St James's Palace or at Princess Diana’s former home, Apartment 1 in Kensington Palace, which is currently undergoing renovations. So what do YOU think? Should Meghan and Harry accept the King's olive branch and have a UK base in Buckingham Palace? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.