As energy bills soar and temperatures remain low, homeowners across the UK will be looking for hacks to make every penny go further. While there are various ways to keep the home warm, a lot of them involve time and money. However, experts are urging Britons to perform a “basic” and “cost-free” job which many could be neglecting - bleeding the radiators. A spokesperson from leading trades training firm Engineering Real Results said: “Many of us are looking at ways to keep our homes nice and warm without breaking the bank this winter. “While there are a range of options to make your home more energy efficient, such as better insulation or securing windows and doors, there is one very simple trick that many of us might be forgetting. “Bleeding all of the radiators in your home can be a quick and easy way to maximise the heat they produce and ensure they are as energy efficient as possible. “This should be done once a year, even if you think they are working properly. It might be that your radiators are taking longer than usual to heat up, or that they are not as warm at the top as they should be.” READ MORE: Mrs Hinch fan shares ‘cheap’ tip to get rid of washing machine mould Bleeding the radiators will remove any air bubbles which are stopping the hot water from circulating properly, which puts more strain on the boiler and ultimately harms its efficiency. According to the expert, radiators work by allowing hot air from the boiler to circulate through them, heating the air nearby which is then transferred around the room through convection. The pro added: “They can be prone to air bubbles, which harm their ability to heat up properly. Bleeding a radiator can be done with a special bleed key, which can usually be bought from a hardware store for a few pounds.” If you don’t already have one in the home, it is best to invest in the small key for future use, but most homes will already have a bleed key. Don't miss... Five bathroom decor choices which could ‘decrease’ your house price [EXPERT] Common kitchen interior ‘mistakes’ to avoid making [COMMENT] Five jobs you should never do at home to avoid a ‘DIY fail’ [EXPLAINER] To bleed the radiator, place the key into the valve and allow the air to escape, using an old cloth to trap any water. The expert noted: “Before beginning the process, you should ensure the central heating is switched off and the radiators are cold.” When the radiators are bled, it is important to set the heating to an ideal temperature to keep the home warm for longer. According to the experts at PlumbNation, this temperature is around 18C. They explained: “Resting at the lower end of the typical heating range, 18C is a great temperature for your home that won’t risk any higher heating costs. READ MORE: ‘Edible weeds’ you can grow at home to provide ‘delicious’ free food “This temperature should warn off any chill within the home, ensuring your living environment is comfortable and cosy. This is also ideal for your home through the night, with The Sleep Foundation declaring 18.3C as the optimal sleeping temperature.” This can differ depending on whether there are children or elderly residents inside the home, but it is important not to let levels drop too low. The pros continued: “Also don’t dry clothing on your radiators. Over the course of this week, it’s recommended that you stop using your radiators to dry your clothes. “The clothes you place over the top of your radiators prevent the heat from escaping and heating your room, meaning that your boiler has to pick up the slack and work at a greater rate - increasing costs. “Similarly, the increase in the air’s moisture can create condensation, leading to potential issues with mould and damp around your home.” As well as keeping the temperature at a consistent level, making sure the rooms are well insulated is the first step in keeping the home warm. This includes keeping the curtain closed as well as investing in a thermal curtain lining to help prevent warm air escaping. The experts added: “This trick alone can reduce heat loss by up to 25 percent. Whereas closing doors to rooms that aren’t always in use can help retain heat in the areas you use frequently, and prevent heat from spreading and being wasted in rooms where you won’t feel the benefit.”