Time Out Travel has named the world’s most underrated travel destinations. One hotspot that made the list is a British city that deserves more attention. READ MORE: Spain’s crackdown on ‘budget British tourists’ causing issues Plymouth made the top 10 most underrated travel destinations for 2023 and staycationers will find plenty to entertain them. Huw Oliver, Time Out’s UK editor, said: “Plymouth doesn’t cross a lot of people’s minds when it comes to planning a seaside getaway or a city break, but it should: you get two for the price of one here. “It’s got culture in spades, with The Box offering world-class exhibitions in a beautiful setting and the Market Hall dazzling with its ‘immersive art dome’. “And that’s not to mention all the amazing food and drink, from classic fish and chips to England’s oldest gin distillery, plus quite possibly the UK’s best outdoor pool in the Tinside Lido. “It offers an idyllic weekend away, right on the stunning Devon coast, and best of all, you’ll likely have a lot of it to yourself.” The port city has a rich maritime history and is the site of the Mayflower Steps where the Pilgrims set off for the New World in 1620. Plymouth’s historic Barbican district has narrow cobbled streets and now has a huge range of bars, restaurants and shops to explore. A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “Quirky and a must see. The Barbican has changed so much over the years, but manages to keep its charm. “Beautiful location, and a great choice of shops, cafes, bars and restaurants.”At Plymouth’s Royal William Yard, tourists will find waterside restaurants and bars as well as a cinema. READ MORE: ‘Amazing’ British garden named best hotspot for spring flowers Cold water swimming has taken the world by storm and Plymouth might have the UK’s most picturesque lido. The Tinside Lido juts out over the sea from the tip of Plymouth Hoe and has been voted one of Europe’s best outdoor pools. A salt water pool, the Lido isn’t heated but is the perfect spot to relax on a summer’s day with incredible coastal views. Plymouth also boasts England’s oldest gin distillery and tourists could pick up a bottle of Plymouth Gin as a souvenir. Children will love the National Marine Aquarium, the UK’s largest aquarium, packed with marine life. Plymouth is also one of the most affordable destinations in Devon and is just a short drive from many of the county’s best beaches. According to Time Out, the world’s most underrated destination is Mongolia, while Mexico’s Lake Bacalar took the second spot. Srebenik in Bosnia and Herzegovina was Europe’s most underrated spot, and is most famous for its fortress.