Katy was accused of "being a mean girl" after telling the hopeful that she wasn't "gonna go far" after her performance during Sunday night's new episode of American Idol. The Teenage Dream singer's remarks came after budding performer Sara Beth Liebe failed to hit the right note with everyone on the judging panel. Firework songstress Katy, 38, was seemingly unmoved by contestant Sara Beth's touching backstory before she began singing for the judges. She even fully turned her back after Sara Beth explained that she was a mother of three during Sunday night's episode. Her first performance of Amy Winehouse's You Know I'm Not Good was snubbed by Katy, so she attempted another song, Bennie and the Jets by Elton John. "More of that," demanded Katy while the performer sang. "Hold it out," she added as Sara Beth's song came to an end – seemingly going better than her first attempt. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' After Sara Beth was finished, Katy told her: "I feel like a comic book strip character just came to life." She added: "Look, if it's not your dream, you're not gonna go far. "I also respect everyone who walks through that door who will lay down their life for this golden ticket," the Last Friday Night hitmaker said. Despite her scathing comments, Katy and Luke Bryan's "yes" votes meant Sara Beth was still going to Hollywood – but fans were fuming. "I just wish Katy wouldn’t have been so nasty to her," tweeted one fan. "She was rude and kept on and on about it until Sara left! She is a little too much at times." Another said: "Not Katy Perry being so shady during the first audition." "Katy. Come back down to reality," a third penned while a fourth wrote: "Katy Perry being a mean girl to Sara Beth." "Some of the things Katy Perry says to female contestants are shady," added one. "Why was Katy bullying that girl?" asked someone else. Don't miss... Katy Perry slammed for ‘trying to take over’ American Idol audition [LATEST] Queen star unrecognisable as he transforms himself with prosthetics [LATEST] Katy Perry teases American Idol first  [LATEST] Several more Twitter users accused Katy of having a "major attitude problem" during that particular audition and during last night's show in general. "Katy Perry has some major attitude tonight. Sheesh," blasted another American Idol viewer. It was only last week that viewers accused Katy of "trying to take over" another audition on the TV show. Fans were less than impressed with Katy's antics during 26-year-old Madison Neisius's audition. Her hair extensions fell out while trying to headbang along to Madison's performance, leaving her red-faced as she pointed out the blunder. Taking to Instagram, several fans replied to the clip of Madison on American Idol’s page. User @kristypcb fumed: "Always trying to take over. It’s not about you @katyperry good lord enough!" "That had to be a lil embarrassing," @lina_99956 added while @amyccamacho critiqued: "Kinda lame." American Idol continues Sundays on ABC in the USA.