A British holidaymaker was rushed to hospital after being sexually assaulted and robbed in the Majorca party hotspot of Magaluf. Two men allegedly ripped the woman’s dress and underwear and stole jewellery including a designer watch and then fled the scene.  Police on patrol found the victim on Pere Vaquer Ramis street with blood on her thighs and she told them what had happened, according to Spanish media reports. The 25-year-old woman was taken to hospital by ambulance where she underwent an examination. She then made a statement to the Civil Guard, which is now leading the investigation. The attack is alleged to have happened at around 1am on Friday morning near a bank in the town, a short walk from the infamous Punta Ballena party strip.   Police found the suspects nearby and arrested them on suspicion of robbery with violence and sexual assault. One officer was injured when they resisted arrest. Mail Online reports that the watch the woman was wearing is worth around £2,000. The arrested men are Colombian nationals, aged 19 and 24, and police believe they belong to a criminal gang that operates in Palma and other towns in Majorca, including Andratx and Inca.  It is not clear from local media reports whether they were remanded in custody while the investigation continues or whether they have been released on bail after their first court appearance. And yesterday in Santa Ponsa, which is a town around five miles away from Magaluf, it emerged that police had arrested a 26-year-old British man on suspicion of rape at a hotel. It is believed that the girl who was alleged to have been attacked is also British and is under the age of 18. A source close to the investigation said: “They were in the same hotel and the man held allegedly raped this girl after forcing her into his room.” The police were called to the scene at around 7pm on Friday after a friend of the girl alerted a receptionist. The friend said to officers that the arrested man had also tried to force her into his room. It is not immediately clear if the suspect has already appeared in court.   And last July police arrested a British tourist after he was accused of raping a woman he had met on the Punta Ballena strip. The suspect testified before a judge and claimed the encounter was consensual. The two British tourists, both in their 20s, met while partying, according to judicial sources. They left a party to go to the hotel where the man was staying and according to the alleged victim's version of events, the sexual assault then took place. The young woman told Spanish police she had no memory of the events once inside the hotel and that when she regained consciousness, she found the man on top of her. Hours later, the alleged victim went to the Guardia Civil barracks to file the complaint. There, she provided physical details of the suspect, as well as the location of the hotel where the events took place. 