A study by Bounce analysed the most visited destinations in the world to find the "top underrated city breaks" for 2023, "perfect for an alternative getaway". For this, they analysed the most popular summer destinations and ranked them based on which have the highest percentage of five-star rated attractions and the lowest number of visitors. According to the study, the world's most underrated summer spot is Rhodes, in Greece. Rhodes ranked first with a score of 8.95 out of 10 despite receiving 2.41 million visitors last year. The island has numerous five stars rated attractions including the famous medieval city, one of the best-preserved in Europe and a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Rhodes is one of the most famous Greek islands, followed by Crete, Kos, Corfu and Santorini, and is also high on the popularity scale for Britons. READ MORE: Easyjet launches sale following Martin Lewis' tip to get cheap flights  In fact, British tourists rank it in the top three most loved destinations, alongside Spain's Majorca and Ibiza, due to its beauty, warm weather and affordable prices. Tripadvisor recently named some of the "best Rhodes hidden gem attractions" this year and one of them was Anthony Quinn Bay with its "stunning turquoise water". Tourists can rent a pedal boat to zip through the waters or chill on a lounge chair and bask in the glorious Greek sun, the travel site explained. "The beach sits adjacent to Ladiko Beach and you can park for free between both beaches—but get there early in the morning to secure a spot," it recommended. Don't miss... Cheapest destination in Europe is an 'underrated jewel' [HOLIDAYS] Flight attendant says 'throw bottle under bed' to stay safe in hotel  [TRAVEL HACK] Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade [TRAVEL HACK] Another gorgeous spot is the Monastery Tsambika with its "breathtaking views". A family who recently visited the location commented: "Such a beautiful serene place!" The ancient city of Rhodes Ancient Kamiros is another must-see. Travellers will discover the fascinating remains of an advanced civilization dated nearly 3,000 years old. Travel experts from Mypostcard described Rhodes as "Greece’s underrated gem" and shared some of the most beautiful hidden spots as part of their annual travel guide. They recommended visiting Kallithea Springs, the Valley of Butterflies, Lindos Bay and Red Sand beach. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' According to the study, in second place of the "most underrated city breaks" is the Moroccan city of Marrakesh with an overall score of 8.74. The city receives just over three million visitors a year, and 55 percent of its attractions are deemed worthy of five stars. Marrakesh is a beautiful city to visit, and its luxurious Palaces, colourful markets and traditional spas make the destination well worth a visit. The Moroccan spot was followed by Porto, in Portugal, another very affordable destination filled with impressive bridges and candy-coloured houses.