Livers are vital organs, serving more than 500 purposes in the body. Therefore, any problems with the liver can cause symptoms in unexpected areas. This is the case for fatty liver disease for which the warning signs could appear in multiple places. Also known as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, it refers to liver conditions caused by a build-up of fat in the organ. In its earliest stages it often doesn’t present with symptoms. However, as it progresses and becomes more serious it can become noticeable. The fourth and final stage of fatty liver disease is known as cirrhosis.  This occurs after years of inflammation, leaving the liver lumpy, scarred and shrunken. If not treated this can lead to liver failure, cancer and even death. Therefore, spotting the symptoms as soon as possible could be life saving. According to NHS Inform, cirrhosis can cause swelling in four parts of the body. Don't miss... Dementia: The 76p food that could make your brain 19 years younger [INSIGHT] Sir Michael Caine 'would have been dead' if unhealthy habits continued [CELEBRITY] Doctor's bowel cancer cause of blood 'splattering all over' the toilet [CANCER] These are the legs, ankles, feet and tummy. It says: “Swelling in the legs, ankles and feet due to a build-up of fluid (oedema) “Swelling in your abdomen (tummy), due to a build-up of fluid known as ascites (severe cases can make you look heavily pregnant).” Other signs to look out for include: READ MORE: The two fruity drinks that can help lower blood pressure - high in potassium  “You may also notice changes in your personality, problems sleeping (insomnia), memory loss, confusion and difficulty concentrating,” the health body explains. “This is known as encephalopathy and occurs when toxins affect your brain because your liver is unable to remove them from your body.” Later stage cirrhosis can also cause issues with your stools.NHS Inform says: “In the later stages of cirrhosis, you may vomit blood or have tarry, black stools. “This is because blood can't flow through the liver properly, which causes an increase in blood pressure in the vein that carries blood from the gut to the liver (portal vein).  “The increase in blood pressure forces blood through smaller, fragile vessels that line your stomach and gullet (varices). “These can burst under high blood pressure, leading to internal bleeding, which is visible in vomit and/or stools.” To lower your risk of fatty liver disease the health body advises you: If you experience any of these symptoms or are concerned you have fatty liver disease you should see your GP. 