Stacey Solomon was ecstatic today as she managed to wash her hair for the first time in three weeks. The Loose Women star took to her Instagram to share an update with her followers after revealing she hadn't managed to wash her tresses since the arrival of her daughter Belle. Stacey said she thanked her husband Joe Swash for being able to sleep alongside her "greasy" hair which she claimed could fry several eggs. In view of her 5.6 million followers on Instagram, Stacey said: "Finally done it, finally washed this mop, sweet, sweet smell of not grease. "I feel emotional about it, honestly, I feel like I should make a speech it's been that long." Joking about the situation, Stacey took a hairbrush and pretended it was a microphone as she said: "I want to thank my newborn baby for not crying long enough for me to shampoo and condition. READ MORE: Ant-Man actress Kathryn Newton addresses Cassie actress swap "I want to thank my husband for sleeping next to me night after night and not asking for a divorce. "The smell can't have been easy to sleep with, I want to thank you lot for always sticking by me and never judging me no matter how many eggs you could fry on my head. "It feels so good, happy clean hair day." The Loose Women star is claimed to have shared she is “broody” for another child. A source told Heat magazine: “Stacey knows people will think she’s mad for even thinking this, but having her fifth child has only made her more broody. “She absolutely thrives in the chaos at home, so long as it’s all good spirits and none of the kids are fighting,” they added. Express.co.uk has contacted a rep of Stacey's for comment. The star is mum to 14-year-old Zachary and 10-year-old Leighton from previous relationships, as well as her younger children with husband Joe, including three-year-old Rex, 16-month-old Rose, and newborn Belle. Stacey confirmed on December 30, alongside her first bump snap, that she was eight months pregnant, and they were expecting a baby girl. DONT MISS:John Cleese hits out at Charles moving Prince Andrew into Frogmore (PHOTOS)Pulp's Steve Mackey has died after 'fighting' in hospital for months (NEWS)Si King ‘comfortable' working alone as Dave Myers focuses on health (LATEST) As we entered February, she typed on her Instagram: "Hello February. Our little girl will officially be a February baby. “Our little Aquarius. I love February. I think because of the start of longer days, brighter days, it's a nice short month. “I feel like it's a little gateway month into spring... Happy February everyone." She later announced that she had given birth to the adorable newborn alongside sweet pictures of herself and Joe holding their youngest daughter. "Our beautiful, daughter born at home with all of your brothers and sister ready to snuggle you forever and ever. You literally flew into our world," she gushed. Yesterday, Stacey explained how Belle is beginning to open her eyes more and look around this week, as the star took advantage of spending quality time together. Sweetly detailing the day they had spent together, Stacey wrote in the caption: "Oh Hello Beautiful Belle. The most special two weeks of you Belle. “Today all the boys went back to school and Belle had lots of awake time."