Queen Camilla, 75, lives an active lifestyle in her mid-seventies. A personal trainer spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what diet she follows. Queen Camilla spends time in London at Clarence House, Gloucestershire at Highgrove House and her own private home in Wiltshire. She also regularly undertakes royal engagements across the country and abroad on tours. Sarah Campus, a personal trainer and nutrition coach spoke to Express.co.uk to explain which diet the Queen Consort follows. She said: "The Queen Consort leads a very healthy lifestyle with her husband King Charles. Camilla particularly enjoys eating hearty meals using fresh produce, a lot actually which is produced on their estate. READ MORE: Meghan was 'very humble' before she 'had to cull' friends  "At the age of 75, Camilla’s complexion is glowing and a lot of this is down to what she consumes being so organic, colourful and varied. "In terms of their nutrition however Camilla is a huge fan of eggs, particularly scrambled which are from King Charles’s own chickens in Highgrove.  "For lunch, Camilla aims to include as many good fats as possible from sources such as avocados, fish and almonds, all of which again contribute to her glowing complexion. "Camilla believes in a balanced diet without restrictions and doesn’t believe in any of the fad diets. She feels that cutting out dairy for example is ridiculous as it's such an important source of calcium for joints and bones.   "For dinner time Camilla particularly enjoys lamb and any leftovers she would use for a meal the following day, such as in a shepherd's pie. "She also likes chicken casseroles, steaks, baked salmon and roast chicken. Even though King Charles believes in veganism she believes that balance is very important. In terms of snacking Camilla particularly likes raw peas straight from the pod, but also will happily accept something sweet."  The expert also expanded on the exercises which the royal enjoys. Ms Campus claimed: "Camilla particularly enjoys yoga and pilates to keep her core strong and body supple and to help avoid back pain. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby  "She incorporates deep breathing into her exercises to help her unwind and relax. "Camilla is also a big fan of the outdoors, so thrives on walking with her dogs around her estate, and spending time in the hills.  "The fresh air and outdoors particularly contribute to improved sleep quality, overall well-being and boosting the endorphins." Ms Campus explained the methods which the Queen Consort likely uses to maintain her figure at the age of 75.  She opined: "Camilla leads a healthy, active lifestyle and is consistent with it. "She is balanced with her eating without restrictions and eats organic quality foods. She gets quality sleep and enjoys the outdoors.  "She also has an exercise watch, FitBit, which helps her track her activity levels. It is also thought that Camilla may use a collagen supplement as well such as Correxiko. "This is a premium marine-based collagen which is shown to be beneficial for healthy joints, skin and anti-ageing."