Clarkson's Farm returned with season two and Jeremy Clarkson and his girlfriend Lisa Hogan opened their new restaurant. Both Jeremy and Lisa have thrown themselves into farming life and are not afraid to get stuck in. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about what Lisa does for a living. Lisa may have taken over the running of the farm shop at Diddly Squat, but this is not the only job she has. With so many outgoings on the farm, making a steady profit is not always easy. Thankfully, Lisa has a successful career as a sculptor, running her own business called LGH Sculptures. Her Instagram page for the business explains how she creates "figurative and animal sculpture pieces". READ MORE: Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis The talented artist has showcased her work on social media and it mostly includes sculptures of the human body. Viewers took to the comments to praise the star on her talent, with her partner Jeremy even sharing: "That’s VERY good." As for the star's previous career, she has made money from being both a model and an actress. The Irish-born star's mother was also a model and she decided to follow in her mum's footsteps. Following her career as a fashion model, she tried her hand at acting. Her first acting job came when Falwty Towers star John Cleese employed her as a researcher in the 1990s. In 1997 she made her film debut in Fierce Creatures, playing the role of a sea lion keeper. It may have been her first role but she starred alongside some huge names including John Cleese, Michael Palin and Jamie Lee Curtis. DON'T MISS... The Apprentice star details private conversation with Lord SugarLisa Hogan and Jeremy Clarkson have been together for six yearsJeremy Clarkson ‘kicked under table’ by partner Lisa for ogling girls The star is also credited as a screenplay writer and entrepreneur. She opened up about her favourite new project, the Diddly Squat Farm Shop. She said: "I love creating the products and doing all the packing and marketing. "The shop now has 270 different products, it’s heaving, we literally can’t fit any more in there. "Jeremy’s Hot Sausage is doing really well, we’ve got chilli sauces, wasabi sausages, ice cream. "They came and told us we had to source everything for the shop from within a 16-mile radius and it’s really forced me to dig deep, and it’s actually been a brilliant thing for us. "We spent a day picking elderflower from the hedgerows, we’re always foraging; I’ve given up the gym now, being on the farm keeps me fit." Clarkson's Farm season 2 is on Amazon Prime Video now. The series has been renewed for a third season.