Olivia Pratt-Korbel's brother has appeared in a heart-wrenching video interview during the trial of the man accused of killing the nine-year-old. Describing the moment he heard the shots that killed his sister, Ryan Pratt-Korbel said: "I was lying in bed, I heard three bangs. They were loud, very very loud. The next thing I heard footsteps on the landing, it was Olivia running down the stairs screaming ‘mum I’m scared’." He added: "She literally said 'I’m scared. Mummy I’m scared.' I heard a few steps, I heard her going downstairs. I heard her say another two times, 'I’m scared I’m scared' and then everything else has kicked off.” He went on to describe how he felt "helpless" while his mother was in "hysterics". When he saw "the lad who I believe to be Joey Nee" collapsing on the road, he responded to a neighbour "let him bleed" as he feared for his sister's life, reported Liverpool Echo. Describing the moment he came downstairs to the scene, Ryan said: "My mum, I wasn’t aware at the time, but apparently my mum had gone to open the door to see what the bangs was. Olivia was about four or five steps up from the bottom. "My mum was wrestling with the door, it was swinging open and shut. One shot went off. My mum and the fella who I believe was Joseph Nee then got the door shut, but because the latch was shut it wasn’t closed properly. "I seen an arm come round the door, a black handgun. Another shot went off, it could have been another two I can’t remember." He added: "I heard Olivia crying, my sister crying. He was moaning and groaning, my mum was in hysterics. And then just gunshot noise. Liv’s screaming, she’s scared." Ryan said of the final shot: "No sooner as that shot went off, the arm disappeared. My mum grabbed hold of Olivia. He opened the door himself and he was sat on the step.  "My mum’s four steps below me with Olivia in her arms. I was screaming for him to get out the house. It all happened so f***ing fast. To me he took his opportunity, all you could see was an arm and a gun. Bang. It just slid back out the door." He said the hand he saw holding the gun was white, while the shooter wore a "dark blue or black jacket". He added the "hole in [Olivia's] chest was tiny." The brother said when he spoke to Nee on the step outside, he was "just sitting there asking me if I’d rang an ambulance. I was telling him to f*** off, get out my house." Ryan kept pressure on his sister's chest, before going outside and seeing a "big black SUV" pick up the man who had been shot. Later Rob Lamb, a neighbour, was giving "CPR" to Olivia, with Ryan saying: "He wouldn't stop. Her lips were going blue, she wasn't even bleeding out the gunshot wound. I knew it was over." Patricia Cowhig, a long-term friend of Olivia's mum Cheryl, was also in the house at the time of the incident. She had been in the sitting-room when she heard "two loud bangs", before seeing that Cheryl had opened the front door. In an agreed witness statement read out in court by Henry Riding, assistant to the prosecution, she said: "I remember a male trying to push against the door trying to get inside. Cheryl was using her full body weight trying to shut it. "He managed to get in the hallway and was laid of his side. Cheryl was shouting get the f*** out. I think he was saying call the police. I noticed Cheryl, she came into the living room and said I’ve been shot. “Seconds later she was shouting Olivia and ran up the stairs. Olivia was lying there. Olivia had come out of her room and come down the stairs. I heard her say mum, I’m scared." Rob Lamb, a neighbour, described in his statement how he ran to the house after hearing gunshots. He said "there was a male shouting ‘help me’ and for someone to ‘give me a phone’." He then went inside, where he "was told the baby had been shot. I heard Cheryl over her saying ‘stay with me baby’. "I think she then stopped breathing and the operator talked me through giving CPR."  David McLachlan KC is appearing for the prosecution, assisted by Mr Riding and Peter Wilson. Meanwhile, Thomas Cashman, who is accused of the murder of Olivia Pratt-Korbel and the attempted murder of Joseph Nee, is represented by Professor John Cooper KC, with Katy Appleton as his junior. Justice Amanda Yip is presiding over the trial. Yesterday, the court heard the testimony of Ms Korbel, who described how she desperately tried to keep "intended target" Joseph Nee from pushing through the door of her home in Kingsheath Avenue, Dovecot, as he tried to flee the gunman. However she was struck by a bullet which penetrated the door, passed through her right wrist and then hit nine-year-old Olivia in the chest. She told detectives: "I couldn’t keep the door shut. With my hand, I couldn’t keep it shut. I heard the baby [Olivia] screaming, that’s when I turned round and spotted her sat at the bottom of the stairs." The trial continues.