Jenson Button has confirmed he will join NASCAR for a three-race run later this season ahead of a special 2023 project. The former F1 star will partner with Stewart Haas Racing for the trio of events starting at the Circuit of the Americas in March. Button will be joined on the grid by fellow legend Kimi Raikkonen who announced his intention to race at the venue earlier this week. Button’s entry comes as he prepares to drive a NASCAR machine at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in June. As the deal was confirmed, Button said: “Two F1 world champions in a NASCAR race. Who would have ever predicted that? A lot of people think I’m crazy for doing this because it’s so different, but that’s why I love the challenge of it. “For me, it’s not about how quick the car is, it’s about how close the racing can be. In the Cup Series, the racing is awesome. It’s definitely going to be a shock to the system, but a toe in the water, so to speak, and hopefully help me be more competitive the next time I do it.” READ MORE Lewis Hamilton hits out at Jenson Button and Damon Hill over contract [] Raikkonen tried his hand at NASCAR last season with a run at Watkins Glen. The Finn will return to the Trackstar Racing squad where he made his debut after admitting he had a “fantastic time”. Button has explained his stint in the American stock car series is not linked to his Le Mans work. However, it will give the 2009 champion valuable experience behind the wheel of a similar machine ahead of the classic French endurance race. Button will drive a Ford Mustang for the Rick Ware squad in Texas before taking on two events later in the season. DON'T MISS F1 legend Jenson Button awarded Guinness World Record [LATEST] Lando Norris hits back at Jenson Button 'talking c***' about McLaren [COMMENT] Russell sent ominous warning after 'easy' first year at Mercedes [ANALYSIS] This will include July’s street race in Chicago and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in August. Team boss Tony Stewart said: “It’s always a challenge to try a new racing discipline, and the best thing you can bring to a new opportunity like this is an open mind “Jenson has been doing that his entire career. Those F1 cars evolve every year, and Jenson always found a way to adapt. And when he got out of F1, he jumped into sports cars and won another championship. He’s new to NASCAR, but he’s not new to racing. This is going to be fun for all of us.”