Raphael Varane will reportedly undergo a late fitness test on Sunday ahead of Manchester United's crunch Premier League clash with Liverpool after registering complaints of 'leg pain' with the club's medical staff. The Frenchman has been imperative to the Red Devils' exceptional form under Erik ten Hag in recent months but now the Dutchman is being forced to draw up a potential contingency plan incase Varane isn't available to face the Reds at Anfield.  Varane came off the bench in midweek for United as they battled past West Ham to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals following a spirited 3-1 victory. But now there are fears the centre-back has sustained a fitness problem ahead of the trip to Merseyside as United attempt to hunt down title challengers Arsenal and Manchester City. According to The Mail, Varane will undergo a late fitness test 'after breakfast' on Sunday to determine whether he can feature against Liverpool in what could prove to be good news for Jurgen Klopp and his Liverpool players. The 2018 World Cup winner has been among the finest defenders in the Premier League this season having formed an outstanding partnership with Lisandro Martinez at the heart of Ten Hag's backline. READ MORE: Man Utd takeover progresses as Glazers give two buyers 'green light' for negotiations But should he fail to prove his fitness, United could be forced into a late change with Harry Maguire and Victor Lindelof currently on standby. Both started for the Red Devils against the Hammers on Wednesday but United looked shaky at the back, conceding a number of notable chances that Michail Antonio failed to convert much to the dismay of his under-pressure boss David Moyes. United are still optimistic that Varane will be fit to partner Martinez as the pair seek to keep the likes of Mohamed Salah and Darwin Nunez at bay. Last month, Varane announced that he was retiring from international football because he was struggling to cope with football's 'overloaded schedule'. DON'T MISSLuis Enrique appointment could help reignite careers of three Chelsea strugglersMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightLiverpool have seven names on centre-back wish-list as Chelsea and Everton stars impress Reds "I gave everything, physically and mentally," Varane told Canal+. "But the very highest level is like a washing machine, you play all the time and you never stop, "We have overloaded schedules and play non-stop. Right now, I feel like I'm suffocating and that the player is gobbling up the man." United head to Anfield 20 matches unbeaten in all competitions as they seek to make it two wins from two against their bitter rivals Liverpool. Last season, the Red Devils were smashed 4-0 at Anfield after being hammered 5-0 at Old Trafford in one of the final games of the Ole Gunnar Solskjaer era. Ten Hag says winning at Liverpool would be the "next step" for his side as they look to continue their recent hot-streak against Klopp's inconsistent Reds. "That is the next step we have to make then," said the Dutchman, who is enjoying a fine debut season in the Premier League. "I think also we had really good performances away from home. The pitch is the same size everywhere, there are three refereeing with the fourth, the ball is round, there is air in the ball. We have to play and make it our game." United are currently third in the Premier League, eight points clear of fifth-placed Newcastle, as they seek to consolidate a top-four finish to seal their return to the Champions League.