Clarkson's Farm star Emma Ledbury admitted she was in "total shock" after fans of the Amazon Prime Video series raised tens of thousands of pounds to help her Oxfordshire farm which had been hit with TB. During the second series of the hit agricultural show, Jeremy Clarkson talked to Emma about 60 of her cows being wiped out by the disease. A fan of the series named Becci Poole launched a GoFundMe appeal for Emma's farm which has raised more than £34,000 in less than two weeks. Emma appeared on Wednesday's instalment of Steph's Packed Lunch where she spoke to host Steph McGovern about fans rallying to support her business. She said she’d been overwhelmed by the generosity of Clarkson's Farm fans. Emma added: “It was a real shock. We found out this lovely lady called Beccie, whom we'd never met before, a total stranger had set up a GoFundMe page after seeing my story on Clarkson’s Farm.” READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges “It's really lovely, a total shock," she continued. "I was literally on telly for 30 seconds, so never expected any sort of support in this way, it's just really lovely of everybody that's donated.” She confirmed most of the money raised will be donated to the Royal Agriculture Benevolent Institution (RABI) – a charity dedicated to supporting farming communities across England and Wales. “It's become quite overwhelming the amount of support we've had from the general public and their donations," Emma shared. "So it's really lovely that there's such a big pot there now that we can give some money to RABI to ensure that they can get some more help out to other farmers through counselling or TB advice. “It's really important that we can share the money because we could spend it quite easily here, but there's a bigger picture and it's really important to get that message across that something needs to be done in order to support these farmers.” Emma runs her 120-acre farm on the Oxfordshire Warwickshire border with her husband Pete. She also spoke about the impact TB - which many badgers carry - is having on the dairy industry. “It's just devastating to lose your cows when you've spent so long, rearing them and getting them to be as healthy as possible, through no control of your own," Emma noted. DON'T MISS...Jeremy Clarkson dealt blow as ITV axe Who Wants to be a Millionaire [BREAKING]Lisa Hogan had children before she met Jeremy Clarkson [UPDATE]Sarah Ferguson invited on Kelly Clarkson show for chat about royals [LATEST] “It's really hard when you spend so long trying to develop your farm so you've got really lovely animals to lose them. It's really depressing. "Mentally you just don't get over it, you can't get over losing so many cows. “TB is a huge issue within the country. We are one of thousands and thousands of farms that are dealing with TB, who are losing tens of thousands of cows every year.” During the series, Jeremy discovered some TB-ridden badgers which he picked off a roadside for laboratory testing. “Right, kill the badgers,” Jeremy said in one episode after learning bovine tuberculosis could threaten his cattle herd. “We can’t kill the badgers,” the former Top Gear host's long-suffering adviser replied as the mammals are a protected species. Jeremy added: “Apart from the fact they’ve eaten just about every hedgehog in Britain, they’re like teenagers. "They lie in bed all day, get up at night, transmit diseases, knock walls over, and then when the sun comes up, they go back to bed again.” Clarkson's Farm episodes are available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.  