Prince Harry's live-streamed therapy session has been likened to "tacky" American reality TV by a royal expert. The host of the To Di For Daily podcast Kinsey Schofield savaged the Duke for a sit down he did with trauma expert Dr Gabor Maté discussing subjects from Harry's drug use to his mental health. When asked about the therapy session Ms Schofield likened it to several famous American reality TV shows. "Well lets be honest, we are the home of Dr Phil, Oprah Winfrey, Ricki Lake, I could list all of the tacky TV shows that have existed - Jerry Springer! - over the years and unfortunately it really feels like this falls into that category," the LA-based commentator opined on GB News. She continued: "Harry being diagnosed over Zoom? That is extremely unsettling and it's not something that the American public is comfortable with but it is that kind of tacky reality TV that we've all become addicted to. And I apologise if we've sent it over there your way [to the UK]." Jerry Springer hosted a famous talk show of the same name in the US, focusing on a range of issues including infidelity and marital problems. Springer would famously take the stage to chants of "Jerry! Jerry!" from the audience.  During the pay-per-view live stream, Dr Gabor Maté diagnosed the Duke with ADD, PTSD, depression and anxiety right on the spot. Prince Harry also opened up about his drug use saying cocaine "didn’t do anything" for him but lauded the use of marijuana and psychedelics. Speaking on psychedelic drugs, the Prince said: "It was the cleaning of the windshield, removal of life's filters. It removed it all for me and brought me a sense of relaxation, release, comfort, a lightness that I managed to hold onto for a period of time. "For me I started doing it recreationally and then started to realise how good it was for me."  READ MORE:Prince Harry's 'choice of guru' may prove 'unwise' after drug comments Dr Gabor Maté is known for his controversial views on the use of psychedelic drugs to treat mental health issues. The Hungarian-Canadian doctor has used the hallucinogen Ayahuasca to treat patients in the past. Ayahuasca is a plant grow in the Amazonian rain forest which has a long history of cultural use among shamans there. The drug is illegal in the UK, US and Canada - in 2011 Canadian authorities threatened to arrest Dr Maté if he didn't stop using the drug to treat his patients. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 