The cleaning experts at smol revealed that one in five Britons wash clothes that aren't even dirty on a weekly basis, but it turns out that keeping clothes clean for longer is the best method to save money when doing the laundry. Kathleen Bell, sustainable cleaning expert at smol, shared five ways to get extra "wear out of clothes without compromising on cleanliness". Kathleen said that you can tell "pretty quickly if clothes are suitable for another wear with a quick sniff test". She revealed that hardier fabrics that might be on the edge of smelling, like jeans, jumpers or sweaters, can "be refreshed" with a homemade spray. Simply mix water with some essential oils and add it to a spray bottle, "just mist over the fabric and allow it to air out," the expert recommended. Some of the most popular essential oils used for laundry are lemon, peppermint, eucalyptus, lemongrass, tea tree oil and lavender essential oil. READ MORE: ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again The expert warned that although sometimes a mid-week wash might be unavoidable, running multiple half-full loads is "a surefire way to run up your energy bill and also waste water and detergent". A really easy way to check if the machine is at capacity is to use your hand. "You should be able to fit a palm’s width between the top of your laundry and the inside of the drum. "More space than the width of your palm then you know you’re not fully loaded, any less and the washing won’t have room to clean," she explained. Don't miss... Best method to make carpet stains 'disappear completely' [CLEANING] Simple remedies to prevent mould in wardrobes this winter [CLEANING] Britons should 'never' order second cheapest restaurant wine [HACK] Another "easy way to freshen up clothes" is with steam, the expert revealed, which can be handy when ironing. Kathleen explained: "If you’re already doing the ironing, make the most of the energy by also using the steam to refresh previously worn items." Similarly, clothes can also be "refreshed" while showering by simply placing them in the bathroom while having a shower or bath. "If you’re taking a hot shower, you can even hang clothes in the bathroom to make the most of the steam created - no energy wasted! " she said.  READ MORE: Kitchen colours that can make room smaller - 'Absolutely avoid' Some people add clothes with small stains and spillages to the main load, which is something Britons should avoid if they want to save money. Instead, it is advised to "spot clean and leave to dry before wearing again," the cleaning expert explained. "Saving an item from staining means acting quickly," so remove as much of the stain as possible as soon as you can. People can easily do so by scraping off any excess solids and using cold water over the area to loosen the stain. Avoid hot water as it will set the stain, the expert warned. Checking the washing machine’s manual "could save the average family almost £701 a year," the expert revealed. This is because many people who are not familiar with their washing machine's specific loading instructions may be using the wrong programme or temperature. Kathleen explained: "While eco washes are often longer, they use less energy overall so really understanding what's best for your washing, and your wallet, is important. "Washing at the right temperature not only helps for energy-saving but can also help keep your clothes looking better for longer, too. "Most detergents work perfectly, and sometimes even better, at lower temperatures, because anything too hot can denature the enzymes in them that breakdown stains."