The restoration of the Coronation chair has unearthed new details of its construction some 700 years ago. Krista Blessley, Westminster Abbey's paintings conservator, is currently tasked with cleaning and refurbishing the historic chair and has uncovered a previously overlooked part of a figure. She said it’s a “real privilege” to work on refurbishing the chair and spoke of her surprise at finding the hidden figure. "I think they are previously undiscovered toes in the punch-work gilding on the back of the chair,” Ms Blessley said. "So there are areas of drapery where you can tell there would have been a figure.” Who the figure is remains unclear but she is working to uncover what it is. Ms Blessley described her pride at helping to conserve a historic object central to the life of the nation: "It's a real privilege to work on the Coronation chair.  "It's so important to our country's history and in the history of the monarchy, and it's really unique as a conservator to work on something that's part of a working collection and still used for the original function it was made for." The chair is constructed from oak, decorated with coloured glass, gilded with gold leaf and painted by Master Walter, the King's Master Painter. The back of it once featured a painted king, either Edward the Confessor or Edward I, with his feet resting on an ornately carved lion. King Charles will be crowned on the seat in May, which is steeped in history and bears the scars of centuries of misuse, famously covered in graffiti carved by schoolboys and visitors in the 18th and 19th centuries who left their initials or names. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry look to 'upstage' Coronation with major royal update  One tourist carved "P. Abbott slept in this chair 5-6 July 1800" on the seat. Slithers of wood were also cut off as souvenirs and during a 1914 bomb attack, thought to be the work of the suffragettes, a small corner was knocked off.  He follows other monarchs, including the late Queen Elizabeth II, Henry VIII and Queen Victoria, who were crowned on it. The chair was made around 1300 for King Edward I and was subject to a major project to stabilise all of the gilding in 2010. It now undergoes checks every six months. In preparation for the Coronation Ms Blessley has spent the past four months meticulously preserving the flaking gilding and cleaning the chair's surface using sponges and cotton swabs. She said: "It has a very complex layered structure, which means it's very prone to the gilding on it flaking. "So a large part of what I've been doing is sticking that gilding down to make sure it's secure, and then I will surface clean it and that will improve the appearance a little bit." The paintings conservator added it was affected by the environment: "If there's little changes in humidity, the wood moves, and that complex layer structure moves - new areas will lift. I might consolidate something this month, then in two months I might need to consolidate it again." 