Lewis Hamilton could be left with a Toto Wolff headache if he decides to leave Mercedes, according to Sky Sports F1 host Simon Lazenby. He feels the seven-time champion is “loyal” to Wolff who has helped deliver him six of his seven Drivers’ Championships. This could make it harder for Hamilton to ditch the team even if the Silver Arrows are underperforming. It comes after Lazenby failed to rule out Hamilton walking away from the German manufacturer if they did not compete at the front this season. The TV presenter stressed Hamilton could look at his nearest rivals as a way to deliver a record-breaking eighth crown with Ferrari his more likely bet. However, speaking exclusively to Express Sport, Lazenby still feels his connection to Wolff could make it hard for the Briton to walk away. He explained: “I feel like Lewis is loyal to Toto. They have such a great working relationship that it would be a stretch for Lewis. Certainly he would have to wrestle with it in his mind to move away from Mercedes. READ MORE: Lando Norris 'the number one pick' to replace Lewis Hamilton “But he is a racing driver and he does want to be the most successful in terms of championships of all times. Why would you limit your options if Mercedes haven’t been able to correct it? “As far as we understand they are giving their theory one more crack. But if that concept from last year that they've carried over and think they can get to the bottom, they can’t do it. They're already alluding to the fact it will be race wins later on in the season. “If Ferrari are picking them up and giving Red Bull a close run for their money then maybe he will. But Mercedes are a fantastic team and I think it’s a question of biding your time.” DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton concerns raised by Ted Kravitz before Bahrain GP [INSIGHT]Red Bull car set-up may be hurting Max Verstappen's team-mate [ANALYSIS]Martin Brundle uses Liverpool to explain worrying Mercedes situation [COMMENT] Mercedes failed to mount a title challenge last season after struggling with porpoising early on in the campaign. Despite closing the gap to the leaders by the end of the year, the marque has failed to match their ambition over pre-season testing. Mercedes’ running was limited after Hamilton sustained floor damage and George Russell suffered a hydraulics failure. The team also appear to lack pace with Aston Martin likely to challenge the team for third come the opening race on Sunday. Hamilton has yet to put pen to paper on a new deal to keep him with the team beyond 2023. However, Hamilton appeared to silence rumours he could walk away from the constructor ahead of the new season. When asked if the team had to show they were quick before a deal was agreed, Hamilton responded: “I don't feel like I need them to prove [anything] to me. "I think we've proved time and time again over the years that we have strength in depth. It's an exciting time for the team. And I don't plan on being anywhere else.”