Beyond Paradise welcomed back Death in Paradise favourites Kris Marshall and Sally Bretton as Humphrey Goodman and Martha Lloyd. Set in Devon, the series explores the next stage of the couple's relationship and all the trials and tribulations that come with it. The stars spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk and other press about the emotional challenges. Viewers were left heartbroken after Martha lost her baby at the end of the first episode. They learned how the couple had been going through IVF treatment and finally thought their prayers had been answered. However, when Martha started experiencing pain, she went home and locked herself in the bathroom. When Humphrey returned home from work having failed to answer her calls, he realised what had happened and was devastated. The actors were asked how they coped with balancing the sensitive storylines with the humour. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise heartbreak for Humphrey as Martha's past haunts her Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Sally said: "I think when it comes to the sensitive stuff you have got to play that as truthfully as you can. "With the stuff that has a lighter touch you can be much more playful and it does have that lovely humour running through it. "But when it comes to the heavier stuff you have just got to play it for real. "In Death in Paradise Martha and Humphrey were very playful with each other and we did want to retain that and keep that sense of fun they have. "It was important for the other scenes, but yeah, [keeping it] real when it came to the other stuff." She explained how the story does not dwell on the couple's IVF battle, but instead focuses on how they move on from the loss. Kris said: "We are dealing with issues that a lot of people will find close to their hearts. "I think it's important to represent those issues properly and sensitively, while still keeping it light-hearted. "Because you know, deeply sensitive issues in real life can be and are light-hearted, because that's how people deal with them. "That's how people deal with reality, so they are still real and they are still light-hearted. DON'T MISS... Beyond Paradise fans fume 'don't talk like that' over accent blunderKris Marshall plays tribute to 'wonderful' Beyond Paradise co-starBeyond Paradise star detail injury they hope won't be spotted "But also it's important because in the arc of the show it is a light-hearted family show. "So dovetailing those two emotive differences is quite difficult but I think Tony Jordan did it brilliantly. "And they run through the whole series as well, it's difficult but you have to play the reality of the situation and hope you are representing those people who have gone through that themselves, and are going through it and justifying it." In the upcoming episode, Martha and Humphrey busy themselves with work to distract themselves from their loss. The synopsis adds: "For Humphrey, this means investigating one of the strangest cases he's ever encountered - an entire family has vanished, leaving their TV and lights on and dinner half-eaten. "Martha prepares for the launch of her café, but is thrown when a face from the past shows up." The episode also features Ruth Madoc in one of her final TV roles, playing Rosie Colbert. The actress died in December 2022, at the age of 79. She had suffered a fall and after undergoing surgery, she died in hospital the following day.  Beyond Paradise airs on Fridays on BBC One at 8pm