Lanzarote’s president recently caused upset when she said the Spanish hotspot was looking to target higher quality tourism, in what many saw as an insult to British tourists who make up around 50 percent of the island’s visitors. However, a British tourist has now said they understand why some of Spain’s top destinations “don’t want Brits.” The tourist ‘lightandtunnels’ wrote on Mumsnet: “Not surprised some holiday islands don’t want Brits? “Just spent two weeks in Tenerife. Observed some pretty bad behaviour on a number of occasions, all drunken, and all Brits.” The tourist said that they saw a British hen party swearing and shouting at people outside a shop. They added: “Two couples, with children, were totally smashed one night at the hotel when entertainment was on. Loud, shouting, obnoxious, stupid behaviour, the entertainers were clearly annoyed.” READ MORE: Flight attendant warns tourist ‘do not buy’ viral TikTok item The tourist said that they also witnessed a pair of young men loudly swearing in one of the resort’s restaurants around families. Another user ‘pugdogmum’ said: “Having witnessed this type of behaviour so many times, I actively avoid places and destinations that attract other Brits for this very reason. It’s completely embarrassing.” However, another user had a different view saying: “Meh not ideal, but it’s what drives those local economies. No doubt they missed them during the pandemic.” Another person disagreed, saying: “I live in a similar place and it’s deeply embarrassing. We missed tourism during the pandemic, but most definitely not that kind of behaviour. Don't miss... Lanzarote aims to attract ‘higher quality' guests [LATEST] Benidorm expects record-breaking Easter as hotels could sell out [NEWS] Scotland is the best place to see wildlife - full list [INSPIRATION] “Horrible, abusive, drunken and chaotic behaviour is not what drives our economy. What it does is have a massive negative impact on the mental health of people working in the industry.” A frequent visitor to Tenerife said: “There is much more to Tenerife than this. The island has stunning nature with beautiful volcanic landscapes. “I’m not surprised if they want to curb the British Party section of the market. This is precisely the problem. “Beautiful places end up with an unpleasant reputation and everything spirals in the wrong direction.” READ MORE: Scotland is the best place to see wildlife - full list Lanzarote has yet to announce plans of how it intends to change its tourism offering but several hotel bosses have said they oppose the idea. Tourism bosses have said they will need money to change hotels to suit a more upmarket audience. Lanzarote’s president recently praised German tourists in a move that some saw as a slight towards Britons. The Spanish island has earned the nickname ‘Lanzagrotty’ among some tourists, due to the behaviour they’ve witnessed there. Magaluf, a popular party resort in Majorca, has also recently introduced drinks limits and bans on party boats and all-you-can-drink deals. According to recent research from GoCompare Travel Insurance, British tourists are most annoyed by Brits that are disrespectful to locals abroad. Getting too drunk was the next most annoying tourist behaviour with 41 percent finding fellow boozed up Brits irritating. Saving sun loungers with towels, being too loud and moaning about it being too hot also made the list.