Emmerdale stalwart Paddy Kirk (played by Dominic Brunt) left viewers in tears when he contemplated killing himself after his mental health hit rock bottom. While the village vet decided against ending his own life, he still has a considerable amount of healing to do. Paddy actor Dominic has hinted to Express.co.uk who helps him regain his sense of humour in upcoming scenes. Paddy sunk into a deep depression after learning his wife Chas Dingle (Lucy Pargeter) was having an affair with Al Chapman (Michael Wildman) last year. He'd been struggling to focus at work and he started to get snappy around his loved ones. His best friend Marlon Dingle (Mark Charnock) has been checking in on Paddy since his suicide attempt, but Paddy is far from his bubbly former self. Despite wanting to be left alone, Marlon and Paddy's family are continuing to show they are there for him as they want to help him feel better.  READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation Dominic told Express.co.uk he felt men seem to "suffer in secret" when going through mental health issues. Reflecting on Paddy's future on the ITV soap following the heartbreaking suicide attempt, Dominic explained: "He’s opened the door to [suicide] now, he’s capable of having those thoughts of attempting to take his own life and he’s going to have to watch that for the rest of his life." Dominic continued: "Thankfully the story isn’t dropped like that and there will be hints, hopefully forever, that he’s capable of that." However, the actor also delivered some optimistic news about his character as he confirmed "there is also a lot of light" as well.  He expanded: "I think what Emmerdale does time and time again brilliantly is [make sure] it’s not a misery fest. "It’s not this dark story which is awful to watch, it’s really well coloured in with the pace. "Even [soon] there are little pinches of light that he's found his humour again but at the same time, he has to watch himself." The actor shared how Paddy stops being afraid of leaning on his loved ones like for help.  Don't miss... Emmerdale history to repeat itself as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] Emmerdale exit as beloved villager left for dead in horror kidnap  [LATEST] Emmerdale script adviser on how charity saved him from taking his life [LATEST] Dominic said: "He normalises the talking, so he has a little slump and then he turns to someone and says, 'Are we alright to grab a cup of tea, I just want to talk about something which is bothering me?' "He goes, 'Yeah, yeah of course.' So I am really glad it's being normalised." While the star didn't name which male character Paddy opens up to over a cup of tea, could they be his best pal Marlon? Marlon has promised to be at Paddy's side while he continues to battle depression.  Dominic was presented with the suicide storyline last August and spent months speaking to charities and individuals linked to mental illness to get a better understanding of Paddy's mindset. Reflecting on Paddy's suicide attempt, he said: "I was hoping this story might make a difference and normalise talking. "No matter what you are going through whether it’s a mental bump or a terrible lifestyle choice, the one thing which will help you, whether it ends with medication or not, is talking." Emmerdale airs on weeknights at 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX. If you have been impacted by the Emmerdale storyline, visit www.samaritans.org. 