Princess Beatrice turned heads in Mayfair wearing a coat by Claudie Pierlot and looking chic. The coat is a classic look with a structured silhouette. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The £515 coat has a navy foundation with blue and green tartan checks. The coat features a tie belt which is a terrific way to cinch you in at the waist. The lapels and button details on the shoulders stand out and provide interest to the outfit. The Claudie Pierlot "gangster check woven coat" has the following description: "To be clear, this coat isn’t encouraging you to become involved in organised crime. "Rather, it takes loose inspiration from film noir gangster flicks to great effect: the coat has a sweeping silhouette with a belted waist and a collar we highly encourage you to wear up. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby "Most important, it has that windowpane check. Always forceful, never loud. Wear with houndstooth trousers and a check scarf." Princess Beatrice finished off her appearance with a stunning Celine "Nano belt bag" in the colour "grained calfskin black" and some knee-high boots. Unfortunately, for royal fans, the coat is now out of stock. The most stunning part of Princess Beatrice's outfit was the bow in her glowing ginger hair. The bow features the words "love me" written in gold. A fashion expert commentator, Karine Laudort, spoke to Express.co.uk about when Beatrice has worn bows in the past. Don't miss... King Charles revamps Windsor Castle with electric car charging points [LATEST] Princess Charlotte could wear a tiara before her wedding - unlike Kate [ROYAL] Kate's dramatic pink gown from Belize will set fans back by £2,250 [PICTURES] She said: "Princess Beatrice showcased her burgeoning baby bump in summery polka dots at Wimbledon. "Beatrice chose a Gucci dress with a large sequin bow design for the wedding of Nina Flohr and Prince Philippos." Princess Beatrice isn't the only member of the Royal Family who wears bows in her hair. In the 1980s, Beatrice's mother, Sarah, Duchess of York, 63, frequently wore bows. READ MORE: Meghan's 'life-changing' beauty treatment plus how to do it at home   Even her wedding gown had a big bow on the back when she married Prince Andrew. Royal fans recognised Beatrice's homage to her mother with her style. Instagram user @traceymari said: "It’s a friendly nod to her mother who often wore bows in her hair. Not everyone can wear it but she can." Royal watcher @xoxolovejade commented: "Princess Beatrice has had the best style glow up in my opinion. All of her latest looks have been hits so far!" @carilgastwirth recognised Beatrice's signature style, saying: "Beatrice rocks the bow!" Instagram user @_d2gee added: "OMG the ‘Fergie Bow’ takes me right back to my childhood, we were obsessed with them!" Royal fan @duchess_of_raleigh22 loved Beatrice's coat and said: "So done with coat season but still coveting this ultra-stylish coat!" However, one fan @daniellefry8217 was less impressed and said: "I like the look but her hair accessories are a NO for me."