Death in Paradise season 12 nearly saw the end of DI Neville Parker's (played by Ralf Little) time with the Honoré Police but thankfully, his team were able to get him out of the sticky situation before it was too late. The BBC series will be back for more, once again introducing a number of guest stars in every episode who are somehow involved in their investigations. While it may seem like a dream to fly out to the Caribbean for a job, it isn't always the nicest experience getting there as one actress discovered. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Death in Paradise.Actress Claire Goose is probably best known for playing Tina Seabrook in BBC's medical drama Casualty for three years. She then went on to star in shows like The Coroner, Waking the Dead, The Bill, Mount Pleasant, Unforgotten and Silverpoint. Goose appeared on this morning's Love Your Weekend with Alan Titchmarsh to discuss her return to The Bay which starts on Wednesday, March 8, on ITV. While discussing some of her previous work, Goose brought up the horrendous experience she had getting to the Death in Paradise set when she was a guest star in 2015. READ MORE: Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series Presenter Alan Titchmarsh brought up the fact Goose has filmed in Devon for The Coroner, Morecambe Bay for The Bay and Guadeloupe for Death in Paradise. "Now thinking back, I've been lucky I've had so many coastal locations which is my absolute joy," she said. When asked about if she enjoyed guest starring in the comedy-drama, Goose stated: "That was Guadeloupe, it was a beautiful, beautiful place, incredibly hot, it was amazing, it was a really amazing experience to go and do it." The sunshine and sandy beaches are not the only things that made the trip memorable for the 48-year-old actress. Goose continued: "But I do remember it being one of the most terrifying flights. "You've got to fly to Paris and then you change and when we flew to Paris, they aborted landing I think three times. "So they kept coming down because it was so turbulent and they would just almost hit the runway and take off again, go round. "People were praying next to me." DON'T MISS...Vera star pays tribute to 'close friend' as he addresses career move [TRIBUTE]King Charles 'isn't weak' after Harry and Meghan Frogmore eviction [ROYAL]Beyond Paradise's DS Esther Williams star talks 'emotional' scene [CAST] "So then you go from Paris and then we're all like, 'I don't want to get back on a plane and go to Guadeloupe, I've just nearly died.' "So all I saw was very traumatised actors picking up their luggage going, 'I don't really want to go now'." Titchmarsh joked: "Can we just do Midsomer Murders instead?" to which Goose laughed and agreed. Her latest role in The Bay thankfully meant no turbulent flights were necessary. Goose reprises her part as Jackie, the ex-wife of Jenn Townsend's (Marsha Thomason) boyfriend Chris (Barry Sloane). She is also the mother of Chris' daughter Erin (Georgia Scholes) so likes to keep a close eye on Jenn who is now in the stepmother role. With Jackie still overstepping the mark, she and Jenn are bound to be at loggerheads in season four. The Bay season four premieres on Wednesday, March 8, at 9pm on ITV. Death in Paradise is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.