Prince Harry and Meghan Markle must brace for more ridicule as British satirists prepare to add the couple's controversies to a hit UK TV show ahead of King Charles III's Coronation. Television writers plan to incorporate the Duke and Duchess of Sussex into a special episode of The Windsors, Channel 4's resident royal satire show. Sources have revealed that comedians are eager to take advantage of another opportunity to joke about the US-based royals after South Park mercilessly mocked them in an episode last month. Speaking to The Sun, the source said the "timing couldn't be better" to include them in the comedy show. Their 'Windsors' treatment will see the couple become the centre of a storyline based on whether they choose to attend King Charles's Coronation this spring. They added that with a "real-life soap playing out within the Royal Family", British writers are eager to have some fun with the upcoming event. The source said the couple is "going to get it again" after they were "mocked over in America with the South Park skit".  The Sussex-focused episode is just one of several writers have planned for the show's next season. Others will reportedly involve King Charles's battle with Prince William to streamline the ceremony - which is scheduled for May 6 this year. Showrunners plan to focus another episode on the cost of living crisis. While many viewers will eagerly anticipate the upcoming lambasting of the Sussexes, the prospect likely won't sit well with the couple themselves. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan hint that King didn't speak to them ahead of invite South Park creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone subjected them to a brutal episode titled The Worldwide Privacy Tour in late February. Characters based on the couple move to the titular neighbourhood, and in one scene, exclaim: “If we moved here, people would think we’re really serious about wanting to be normal.” Commentators saw the detail as a nod to their decision to resettle in California in 2020 after they announced they would leave the Royal Family. In another scene, they appear on Good Morning Canada holding signs saying “do not look at us" and "we do not want privacy”. Don't miss... King extends olive branch to Harry and Meghan after Frogmore row [ANALYSIS] Chris Rock slams Meghan Markle's race claim about the Royal Family [INSIGHT] Prince Harry diagnosed with new condition during live interview [VIDEO] The show also poked fun by labelling them as professional "victims" and influencers. The couple has not responded directly to the episode, but Prince Harry appeared to touch on his portrayal over the weekend. During a streamed talk with trauma psychiatrist Dr Gabor Maté on March 4, the Duke said he "certainly" doesn't "see myself as a victim”. He added that he hoped his book would “be an act of service”.