Prince Harry's ability to return to the UK now he and Meghan Markle have been evicted from Frogmore Cottage has come into question. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex maintained the property as their UK base despite moving to the United States nearly three years ago. But with Harry already arguing the UK cannot offer a suitable level of protection to his family, the lack of a home will cause further obstacles to the Sussexes' future visits to the country, expert Jack Royston said. The royal correspondent noted the Duke had already warned he would not be able "to return to his home" when he launched a lawsuit against the Home Office over the removal of his security detail. A spokesperson for the Duke at the time said: "While his role within the Institution has changed, his profile as a member of the Royal Family has not. "Nor has the threat to him and his family. "The Duke and Duchess of Sussex personally fund a private security team for their family, yet that security cannot replicate the necessary police protection needed whilst in the UK. In the absence of such protection, Prince Harry and his family are unable to return to his home." JUST IN: King's Frogmore decision tells Harry his relationship with the Royal Family is REALLY over Royston noted that while returning to the UK might not be impossible, the eviction from Frogmore Cottage will make arrangements "more complex." He wrote: "If Harry and Meghan do lose Frogmore it will sever a final major tie between them and Britain, which would make return visits to the country far more complex. "Frogmore comes with de facto police security because it is on the private estate around Windsor Castle, meaning it is not only a haven from press intrusion and royal watchers but is also protected from terrorist attacks and assassination attempts. "So losing Frogmore for Harry and Meghan would mean far more than losing a home." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan won't 'feel safe in UK' without Frogmore The Newsweek royal correspondent also noted the eviction could make Harry and Meghan more "dependant" on the Royal Family. The development would surely be a blow to the couple, who have spent the past three years trying to separate themselves as much as possible from the institution with a series of bombshell allegations against its members. Royston added: " If they wanted to benefit from police protection around their residence they would likely have to negotiate a room at another royal residence making them far more dependent on the wider Royal Family and palace institution. "By contrast, in a hotel they would be left with their private security and easier access for members of the public as well as, potentially, journalists and press photographers." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry warned over 'explosive new chapter' in Spare [EXPERT]Harry & Meghan attack backfires after Kate and William take 'kicking' [INSIGHT]Kate and William wise to Harry and Meghan's 'mission of destruction' [COMMENT] A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed on Wednesday the couple had been "requested to vacate" Frogmore Cottage. The warning reportedly came directly from Buckingham Palace within days of the release of Harry's memoir Spare. The couple received the Grade-II listed property as a wedding gift from the late Queen in 2018. They had previously been residing at Nottingham Cottage in Kensington Palace – an arrangement the Duchess criticised in the Netflix documentary Harry & Meghan as unsuitable for them. The house was refurbished at great cost before the couple briefly moved in in 2019, and the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have since reimbursed the royal purse of an estimated £2.4 million. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews