Princess Anne is attending today's Commonwealth Day service at Westminster Abbey accompanied by her husband Sir Timothy Laurence, as she supports King Charles for his first Commonwealth Day service as the institution's head. Other senior members of the Royal Family are also at Westminster Abbey for the service, with the theme for this year being 'Forging a Sustainable and Peaceful Common Future'. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The Commonwealth represents a network of 56 countries around the world, with nations working together this year to spread the message of peace, prosperity and sustainability, especially through climate action, to improve the lives of all young people and Commonwealth citizens. Over 60 percent of the 2.5 billion people living in the Commonwealth are under 30 years old, with Samoan environmental advocate Brianna Fruean giving an address at the service after becoming the youngest every recipient of the Commonwelath Youth Award. The service will begin with a procession of the flags of the Commonwealth member states, including a specially designed Commonwealth Flag for Peace for 2023. The King will also deliver His Majesty’s Commonwealth Day Message from the Great Pulpit. Musical performances will be given by saxophonist YolanDa Brown, West End stars Roshani Abbey and Nuwan Hugh Perera, and the all-female Amalgamation Choir, from Cyprus. As Rwanda is the current Commonwealth Chair-in-Office, their National Ballet, Urukerereza, will also perform at the Abbey. Rwanda hosted the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) in Kigali in June 2022, attended by King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla months before they ascended the throne. READ MORE: King Charles likely to completely snub Prince Harry in his will Samoa is the incoming Commonwealth Chair-in-Office, and will host the Meeting in 2024. Members of the Firm will have the opportunity to meet people involved in the Service, including the Commonwealth Flag Bearers, upon departure. Around 2,000 people will be invited to attend the service at the Abbey, with guests of honour including the Commonwealth Secretary-General, the Prime Minister of Samoa, High Commissioners, senior politicians and dignitaries from across the UK and the Commonwealth. Joining them will be athletes from the home nations who competed at the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham last summer, faith leaders and over 750 school children and young people from throughout the UK. Don't miss... Sophie dazzles with Edward as couple step up in Charles's new regime [LATEST] Prince Harry ‘on the horns of a dilemma' over Coronation attendance [REPORT] Meghan Markle ridiculed by SNL as 'Hollywood is laughing at her' [SPOTLIGHT] Other senior members of the Firm are also expected at the service, including the Prince and Princess of Wales and the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh. Edward and Sophie, formerly the Earl and Countess of Wessex, were bestowed with their new titles by King Charles last week. The title was previously held by Charles and Edward's father the late Prince Philip, who expressed his desire for his title to pass onto his youngest son. Their teenage son James will now become the Earl of Wessex.