Lilibet Diana's christening could be the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's attempt at 'woke, alternative Royal Family', a royal expert claimed. Unlike her elder brother, the one-year-old's christening took place at the weekend, almost two years after her birth in 2021. Speaking on GB News, royal expert Angela Levin discussed Harry and Meghan's "hypocrisy", surrounding the recent announcement about their young daughter. Speaking to host Patrick Christys, Ms Levin said that, holding a royal title could be "very embarrassing" for the Sussexes' daughter as she will "know nothing about the Royal Family". She added that the title will be a "burden" for Lilibet, and fellow schoolchildren could be "make fun" for her over her lack of understanding of her family. Questioning the Sussexes' reasoning for highlighting the title, she said: "I wonder if it's part of Harry and Meghan's attempt to have a sort-of woke, alternative Royal Family". READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' Ms Levin also said: "Just a few days ago, Harry was complaining about his upbringing, complaining about his family and then, you want to give your kid a title that means, as you said, they are attached to that family." Adding that it could be a "snobby thing", she said that everyone will notice she is "different". Mr Christys added that their daughter will now have titles to the Royal Family, adding that this is a family who "if they had it their way", everyone will think they are a "horrifically racist institution". Lili's christening took place on March 3, in Los Angeles. READ MORE: King Charles given heads up of Lilibet and Archie's title change before Sussex statement The couple's son Archie got christened in 2019, aged two months, in the UK. This was the year prior to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's royal departure. During the premiere of the Sussexes' Nexflix series, which was released in December, viewers speculated over whether the couple had, or had not, christened their second child. In one segment of the six-episode series, Tyler Perry, a Hollywood producer and friend of the Sussexes's, claimed that Meghan and Harry had asked him if he would like to be Lili's godfather. Don't miss... Fergie opens up about friendship with Princess Diana [INTERVIEW] William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' [LIVE] Kirstie Allsopp says she's less of a Prince Harry 'fan'  [VIDEO] He claimed that after some thought, although "honoured", said he wasn't sure if it involved going over to the UK. In the show, he claimed that he asked them, "Does this mean we got to go over there and do all of that in the church with them and figure all that out, because I don’t want to do that." It was previously suggested that the couple were "likely" to opt for a US-based christening for their second child.