TikTok user Tiny Waste has amassed a following of more than 56,000 people sharing her waste-shrinkage hacks. She recently went viral for her unconventional bathroom setup. Tiny Waste has an alternative to toilet paper that has left TikTok users pretty bewildered. The TikTok user started: "I don't know who came up with the term family cloth but it is an unfortunate name for cloth toilet paper." She took her fellow TikTok users through her bathroom setup in the hope of removing some of the "ick factor". Some were impressed by the low-waste method, while others couldn't believe it was real. READ MORE: Man walks out of 'disaster' date because she doesn't eat gluten  She explained that the cloth toilet paper is kept in the upstairs bathroom, predominantly used by herself and her husband. In the bathroom there is a wicker basket filled with clean wipes crafted from old flannel pyjamas. She explained that when she uses the toilet she lets the bidet "do the heavy lifting" before patting dry with one of these clothes. She then puts the used wipe in a designated bin which will "eventually" go into the laundry. Tiny Waste assured TikTok users that no wipe is ever used for multiple bathroom sessions without being laundered - that would be "disgusting". She revealed that she prefers cloth toilet paper rather than conventional toilet paper because it feels sturdier yet softer. Tiny Waste's husband is not so much a fan of the "family cloth", so there is also paper toilet roll kept in the bathroom. The TikTok video has amassed an extraordinary 95,800 likes so far, with more than 2,000 saving the video and a further near 4,000 sharing it. With over 1,000 comments on the video, Tiny Waste has clearly prompted some conversation on this unique topic. READ MORE: Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff shares how to look younger  Many users debated whether this low-waste method is a great idea or actually a little too much. @M@ckenzie stated: "I mean the bidet does the heavy work. This works. I appreciate anyone who goes low waste without pressuring other consumers." @bioplasmicbeing said: "This is what I do too!! Glad to see others doing this as well." @ahfj1547 added: "I respect this so much for real. But I could never." @ldschmidt said: "It's no different than cloth diapering. I'm a fan of this, well done." But others were not impressed. @Kimrex43 commented: "The ick factor wasn't removed for me." @nonamehippy said: "There's crevices in there I don't trust the bidet to get." @thats_bastian commented: "Nooooooo, all those germs are going into your washer, living there, spreading to ALL laundered items." @user7583060658692 said that "you couldn't pay [her] to do this," to which Tiny Waste replied, "I wouldn't try to!". Plenty of users were relieved when Tiny Waste clarified the whole family weren't using the same cloth. @Alessia said: "When I heard family cloth I was very scared y'all were sharing a single rag hanging on a hook by the toilet."