Thousands of Barclays bank customers will lose their local branch due to the increase in people using online banking and the COVID-19 pandemic. However, Barclays is adapting its physical footprint in response to declining customer branch usage by opening semi-permanent banking pods in popular locations across the UK. Barclays is closing 41 branches up and down the country this year. They already closed their Amersham branch in January and the branches in Ellesmere Port and Liskeard in February. Branches in Weymouth and Dagenham shut their doors for the final time at the beginning of March. This comes after a record number of closures in 2022 - Barclays closed 132 branches last year. In response to the closures, Barclays has set out its flexible banking strategy. Just over a month ago, Barclays announced its expansion strategy for its flexible banking formats, as it evolves its physical footprint in response to changing customer needs. ‘Barclays Local’ provides in-person banking support in community locations and new banking pods across the UK. READ MORE: Savings provider launches new account with 'excellent' interest - can you apply? The plans include: Barclays already has the largest network of alternative branch formats - Barclays Local - with 200 opened by the end of 2022. Barclays will open an additional 70 in the first half of 2023. Under this model, the bank works with local councils and communities to arrange a presence in places such as town halls and libraries, offering in-person banking support. Barclays Local colleagues provide face-to-face assistance, helping customers with their everyday finances and money management needs. Additionally, Barclays is launching banking pods as part of its Barclays Local service. The bank has not yet revealed the locations for the pods, but it says some of them will be areas without an existing Barclays presence. The semi-permanent structures provide a dedicated, private space in locations such as shopping centres and retail parks and can be moved depending on demand. Don't miss... Retirees face 'new wave of uncertainty' if state pension age changes [LATEST] Cost of living payment - When it will be paid and how much you get [INSIGHT] Barclays warns Britons of ‘common tactics’ fraudsters use to steal £4k [WARNING] At least 10 will be rolled out across the UK by summer 2023 following the success of the bank’s first pod in St Austell. In addition, six electric vehicle (EV) banking vans will be added to the existing fleet of 10, enabling Barclays to reach customers in remote locations. Jo Mayer, Head of Everyday Banking at Barclays UK said: “Barclays Local provides a flexible way to reach customers in new locations and retain a presence where customer footfall has reduced, bringing face-to-face support to convenient locations. “As visits to branches continue to fall, we need to reimagine where and how we show up to provide the best service for customers now and in the future. “Our new banking pods and community pop-ups help us to tailor our in-person support for each location, including support with digital skills. In areas where we close a branch, we will maintain our presence in that community offering an alternative face-to-face solution.” Customers from different banks also have access to banking hubs which allow them to deposit and withdraw money. They offer a counter service operated by the Post Office, where customers of all major banks and building societies can carry out regular cash transactions, Monday to Friday. READ MORE: Britons warned of ‘household habit’ adding hundreds to energy bills The hubs also provide dedicated rooms where customers can see community bankers from their own banks to discuss more complicated banking issues. In total, there are plans to create 38 of these hubs, but only four have opened so far. These are in Brixham (Devon), Cambuslang (South Lanarkshire), Cottingham (East Riding of Yorkshire) and Rochford (Essex). The ATM network operator, Link, has now recommended locations for a further nine banking hubs: John Howells, chief executive of Link said: “Access to cash and face-to-face banking services continues to be important for millions of people across the UK. Not everyone can or is able to go digital yet, so we’re pleased to announce new cash services to support these communities.” Full list of 41 Barclays bank branch closures in 2023: