Prince William and Kate Middleton will be “on board” with King Charles’s decision to evict the Sussexes from Frogmore Cottage, claimed a royal expert. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been served a notice to vacate Frogmore Cottage which was gifted to them by the late Queen Elizabeth.  Prince Harry and Meghan refurbished the property, owned by the Crown Estate, at an estimated cost of £2.4m in 2018-19. The cost was initially covered by taxpayers through the Sovereign Grant before being repaid in full by the duke. On Wednesday, a spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan confirmed the news and stated: “We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” Former BBC royal correspondent Jennie Bond, told OK! That the Prince and Princess of Wales would “absolutely support” the eviction as they “probably do not want the Sussexes as neighbours”.  Ms Bond told the publication: “They will be absolutely supportive of Charles’ decision. They probably don’t want Harry and Meghan as their near neighbours. “I think they’d probably have Andrew. “They’ll be completely on board with this and support Charles. "Charles has probably spoken to William about this, but I think they talk about these things a lot.” READ MORE: Archie and Lilibet now ‘highly unlikely’ to receive royal titles It has been reported that the Frogmore Cottage will be allotted to Prince Andrew after it was revealed the disgraced Duke of York is set to be moved from Royal Lodge in Windsor Park, where he has lived since 2003 alongside ex-wife Sarah Ferguson. Prince Andrew has been living at Royal Lodge in Windsor Great Park, part of the Crown Estate, for over 20 years. However, as part of the King's money-saving measures for the monarchy he is facing having his annual £249,000 subsidy cut. According to reports, the King wants the Duke and Duchess of Sussex out of Frogmore Cottage before his Coronation in May. DON'T MISS:King Charles attempts to move on and put issues of Sussexes 'to bed' [REVEAL]Huge search and rescue mission launched in Sussex [BREAKING]British takeaway sparks outrage for 'blow torching chicken in trolley' [SPOTLIGHT] The couple was reportedly told to leave the property in January, just one day after Harry published his explosive memoir, Spare. The book was released in January and became the fastest-selling non-fiction book in the UK since records began in 1998. Express.co.uk has reached out to the Sussexes and Kensington Palace for a comment.