Excitement levels for the 15th instalment of Blue Bloods’ 13th season have been sent sky-high thanks to a new promo. While the next episode of the CBS drama will likely deal with the fallout of Anthony’s (played by Steve Schirripa) decision to depart from Erin’s (Bridget Moynahan) DA campaign, it looks like Danny Reagan (Donnie Wahlberg) will have to contend with a familiar face from his past. The latest promo to air at the end of Friday’s episode confirmed Waylon Gates (Lyle Lovett) would reenter the Reagans' lives. The trailer didn’t give away too much information about what lies ahead for Waylon or why he’s back but given his previous stints on the show, it’ll likely be to reunite with Danny. Waylon, who first appeared in season 10 as a Texas Ranger, struggled to bond with Danny as he sought out the “Lone Star Killer” in the Big Apple. However, the two did end up forming an unlikely and effective working relationship and even bonded over their history in the Marines. READ MORE: SNL pays touching tribute to John Head as NBC show airs title card Danny and Waylon found themselves working together again a few years later in season 12. Together, they had to foil a drug shipment heading towards the Mexican border. Wahlberg and Lovett’s on-screen chemistry has made their scenes together highlights in Blue Bloods fans' memories. And season 13 will now provide another opportunity for memorable moments to arise once more. However, this may result in less screen time for Baez (Marisa Ramirez) given how closely Danny and Waylon have worked together before. Nevertheless, as soon as the promo aired, several fans expressed their excitement at seeing Lovett return to the show. On Twitter, @harvardnshorty said: “The preview for next week's #BlueBloods was brief, but the episode looks amazing! And Lyle Lovett is back,” followed by a love heart emoji. While @nkotblockhead1 added: “This was an amazing episode! Loved seeing Rachel’s point of view! And next week Lyle Lovett’s back! #BlueBloods.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearanceNCIS Hawaii's Lucy Tara irks Kensi Blye as she derails investigationVirgin River’s Lilly star shares ‘exciting news’ after Netflix exit Elsewhere, @JEEPGRL732 tweeted: “Lyle is back on #BlueBloods!!....Well at least I'll get to see 1 person in a cowboy on #BlueBloods next week #justsaying @DonnieWahlberg.” And @tnormandeau22 tagged Wahlberg directly and commented: “Lyle Lovett returns?! See you next week! #BlueBloods,” followed by applause emojis. While @jmfnkotb1 followed suit: “@DonnieWahlberg ooh next week is the one with Lyle! can’t wait #BlueBloods.” Finally, @MeketaK expressed their excitement by writing: “Witten this week! Lyle Lovett next week!!! Woohoo. #BlueBloods.” Lovett’s impressive CV boasts a number of small screen roles besides his work on the CBS drama. The star recently appeared in ABC’s Big Sky as well as the Nathan Fillion-led Castle and Mad About You. The singer-songwriter also won a Grammy for Best Male Country Vocal Performance back in 1989. Blue Bloods season 13 continues Friday on CBS in the USA. Season 13 airs Monday on Sky Witness and NOW in the UK.