Mikel Arteta and Bukayo Saka were reportedly spotted having a meal together after Arsenal's dramatic win against AFC Bournemouth last weekend. And it has sparked excitement among fans, who are eagerly awaiting news that Saka has signed a contract extension. Arsenal responded to Manchester City's continued attempts to pile on the pressure in the Premier League title race by cruising to victory at Fulham on Sunday. A breath-taking first-half showing helped Arteta's side beat their London rivals 3-0, a week after they came from two goals down to beat Bournemouth 3-2 at the Emirates Stadium. After that triumph over the Cherries, Arteta was reportedly spotted with Saka as the pair enjoyed a fancy dinner in the capital. According to the Mail, they enjoyed each other's company at Mayfair restaurant Novikov after the thrilling win to maintain their five-point gap at the league summit. Read more... Arsenal could be scary next season if Edu listens to Jamie Redknapp [COMMENT] Arteta and Saka may have indulged in Asian or Italian cuisine, with the topic of conversation potentially the latter's future in north London. Saka has reportedly verbally agreed a new long-term deal at Arsenal, which will see him become one of the club's best-paid players. It will match his crucial status under Arteta after flourishing into one of England's most influential players this season. Saka has registered 10 goals and nine assists in 27 league games, helping Arsenal retain control of the title race with 11 left to play. Don't miss... Odegaard shows leadership with classy moment as Arsenal beat Fulham [REPORT] Arsenal may back themselves into a corner with Odegaard as duo eyed [TRANSFERS] Mick Jagger seen in cheeky cap during outing with two youngest sons [LATEST] He hasn't directly contributed to any of the Gunners' last eight league goals, though, suggesting Arteta can rely on more than one attacker to produce numbers. Arsenal have now won five Premier League games in a row and are bound to be growing in confidence about their prospects of beating Man City to their first title since 2004. Saka is among the current frontrunners for the Player of the Year awards alongside Erling Haaland and Marcus Rashford. Arsenal will attempt to book their place in the Europa League quarter-finals and host Crystal Palace in the Premier League before the international break this week. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we've got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.