Newcastle chief Amanda Staveley gave a short and sweet answer when asked whether the Saudi Public Investment Fund (PIF) could sell their stake in the Magpies to take over Manchester United instead. The Red Devils are undergoing a period of change behind the scenes with the Glazers supposedly preparing to welcome new investment. The nature of that investment is not yet clear, with fans desperate to see the back of their controversial American owners for good, although neither Joel Glazer nor co-chairman Avram Glazer have explicitly stated that they are committed to a full sale. Qatari banker Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani and British petrochemicals billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe are the only two bidders to have gone public after lodging proposals, thought to be in the region of £4.5billion, last month. There had been murmurs that a consortium from Saudi Arabia was also preparing to enter the running, although those claims are yet to be substantiated. DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Ten Hag had ruthless Garnacho message before West Ham win Newcastle's fortunes have dramatically turned since they were taken over by a consortium led by the Saudi PIF in 2021. Staveley helped with the buyout and the Magpies currently sit fifth in the Premier League table with two games in hand on fourth-place Tottenham. Speaking at the Financial Times Business of Football Summit this week, Staveley explained: "We didn’t go for a Tottenham, Chelsea or Liverpool, [because] why spend billions?" READ MORE...Man Utd walk the walk as Ten Hag reminded of key quartet vs West HamLiverpool youngsters in heated brawl as Ben Doak gets 'bloody lip'Klopp has Liverpool trump card as Luis Diaz set to make 'real impact' She was also asked whether the Saudis could sell up and buy Man Utd instead, to which she responded: "No, I do not think so." The Glazers are said to be disappointed by the lack of interest in purchasing the Red Devils with only two parties known to be in contention. Joel and Avram are also said to harbour reservations about cutting ties with the club completely, despite frequent protests from supporters. Avram attended the Carabao Cup final at Wembley last weekend amid audible chants of 'we want Glazers out'.  With the Americans' £6bn valuation yet to be met, reports indicate that a realistic deadline for United fans to expect the completion of their takeover is the end of the season, if it is to go through at all. The Glazers supposedly feel as though interested bidders have underestimated the club's value due to its potential in emerging markets, despite the £600million worth of debt that would come with the deal.