Fans of TLC's hit reality show 1000-lb Sisters will be well acquainted with the Slaton sisters, Tammy and Amy, after following them both on their weight loss journeys. Along the way, Amy welcomed her second son Glenn to the family ahead of her successful weight loss. And in a recent post, Tammy has shared a heartwarming update on her eight-month-old nephew, showing him looking happy as ever. One half of the Slaton duo, Tammy recently took to her TikTok to share a video of Amy's son Glenn playing with what looked like his baby car seat. Glenn could be heard giggling with a huge smile on his face, as he fiddled with the strap attached to his car seat. The toddler was dressed in a patterned dark blue onesie as he sat crouched on the floor with his colourful car seat in front him. Tammy could be heard in the background calling Glenn's name and asking him "what" he was "doing" a few times in the video. She also called him a "happy boy" as he excitedly bounced and smiled throughout the one-minute-long clip. Fans flooded the reality stars' comment section as they gushed over the sweet clip of her nephew. One fan @HeatherCooper wrote: “Such a Happy baby, Glen is growing them babies don’t know it yet but they’ve got one of the coolest ants around love you whole family.” [Sic] @Carmen commented: "I love how much your nephews love you. They know Auntie Tammy loves them to death!” With a second @CaitlinDavis adding: “He’s so adorable. So glad Aunt Tammy is home with him." @AlexandraBradfor441 echoed: “He looks so much like Amy! He is so adorable!” This comes after Amy had reportedly been "struggling emotionally" after moving in with sister Tammy, following the emotional split from husband Michael. The Slaton sister left the couple's three-bedroom home in Kentucky and is now trying to look after her two boys "on her own". According to The Sun, a source close to Amy revealed she had been feeling frustrated while continuing to care for her children without help from Michael. Amy and her two youngsters are still reportedly staying with Tammy, but Amy is still "feeling overwhelmed" despite the support from her sister, the insider claimed. The source also previously revealed The 1000-Lb Sisters notables have been secretly fighting over their two children for months. Amy wants her sons to continue starring on the family's reality show but Michael doesn't want his children on camera at all, the source claimed. The insider explained: "[Michael] doesn't want the kids to be on the show, but Amy disagrees. They have been fighting over this for months." But thankfully, Amy's family has been supportive of the mum-of-two through her difficult split helping her out with her two sons. The U.S. Sun has confirmed Amy has still not officially filed for divorce from Michael. 1000-lb Sisters continues with season 4 on Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.