A university professor has argued black workers should get paid bereavement leave when someone in the community is tragically killed. Critical race theory lecturer Angel Jones also said black people should get free counselling services to deal with "trauma" related to systemic racism.  Ms Jones, who teaches at Southern Illinois University, said black teachers should be eligible for the paid leave after a public tragedy within the community. She teaches critical race theory, which is an ideology that believes Western institutions are systemically racist and views individuals in an oppressor vs. oppressed narrative. It challenges all mainstream and 'alternative' views of racism and racial justice, including conservative, liberal, and progressive. In a Times Higher Education article, Jones expressed her belief that black faculty members should be granted special paid time off and mental health therapy to deal with events such as police brutality.  She wrote: "I am a proud educator who loves what I do. But before that, I am a Black woman. "A Black woman who is expected to return to ‘business as usual’ on Monday after seeing a member of my community murdered on Friday. "Although it is customary for employees to receive support and understanding while grieving the loss of a loved one, the same care is rarely shown to the Black community when we lose someone in horrific and traumatic ways. Where’s our Black bereavement leave?" She went on: "Where are our counselling services? Where is our grace for missed meetings and deadlines while we mourn? Yes, we have jobs to do and students to support, but we also have trauma to process." READ MORE: Dr Shola shares sick racist threat to kill her, children and husband Following the tragic death of black man Tyre Nichols in January, Jones said she found it impossible to ignore her own feelings and cried "numerous times " while sending emails informing her students. She said "racial battle fatigue" refers to the "psychological and physiological consequences of experiencing racism", which has "deadly" symptoms including suicidal thoughts. To tackle the problem, the professor said funding should be allocated to the mental health of black staff. She said: "We experience these symptoms on a regular basis as a result of our first-hand racial trauma.  Don't miss... Harry defended over psychedelic drug comments despite controversy [LATEST] Labour's tax break for consultants leaves £2.5bn NHS funding blackhole [COMMENT] Bruce Willis’ wife emotionally begs paparazzi to ‘stop yelling’ at him [VIDEO] "Free counselling services, by culturally competent counsellors familiar with identifying and addressing [racial battle fatigue], should be available at all times." Dr Jones' field of study is the impact of racism on the mental health of black students at historically white institutions - and one of her most recent works was about how black graduates respond to and cope with gendered-racial microaggression. She received her PhD from George Washington University, and previously completed degrees at Georgia State and Syracuse universities.  In 2022, the Washington Post published data that revealed that the number of black people killed by police in the US has increased over the last two years and is at a significantly higher rate than other ethnicities. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews