New research shows that waiting times currently stand at an average of 24 weeks to buy a new electric car, down 13 percent since December last year. Drivers will be relieved to see a consistent fall in waiting times, especially from the peak of 36 weeks in October 2022. This is in part to increased stock availability as global supply chains begin to ease following major delays stemming from the coronavirus pandemic. The waiting times are also decreasing because drivers are hesitant to purchase given the rising price of energy and cost of living concerns. Data from Electrifying.com found that 29 percent of survey respondents said the cost of living crisis had delayed their decision to buy a new car. Experts have suggested that until more affordable models become mainstream, consumers will be reluctant to invest. READ MORE: EV drivers can save £500 on home charger with car tax tip This, together with ensuring the public charging infrastructure is robust, reliable and fairly priced, is key to giving more drivers the confidence to switch. The biggest company with freely available stock also happens to be the biggest player in the EV market - Tesla. Elon Musk’s EV company currently has hundreds of its popular Model 3 and Model Ys in stock for instant delivery. Despite some controversial price cuts in recent months, drivers can benefit from a generous package of options for no extra cost. Don't miss... Car S.O.S returns to save a classic Ford Mondeo [LATEST] Fuel duty rise will force prices up and make roads 'dangerous' [WARNING] 'Crucial' for UK to build electric car gigafactories [INSIGHT] Ginny Buckley, founder and CEO of Electrifying.com, said shorter waiting times for a new car may seem like a good thing for drivers. She added: “However, delve a little deeper and we can see the underlying reasons are cause for concern. “It seems the soaring cost of living and below par charging infrastructure are both holding consumers back.” Other cars with short waiting times include the Volkswagen ID.5, MG5 and Citroen e-C4, with some dealers offering delivery in just twelve weeks. READ MORE: Spring Budget is 'real opportunity' for EV growth before 2030 car ban However, customers waiting on a new Volkswagen ID.3 will find they’re waiting for longer than they may expect, with delivery not expected for at least nine months. Ginny Buckley continued, saying that demand for smaller, more affordable cars is there, but manufacturers need to ensure there is availability. At the present time, there are just five electric cars available which are priced under £30,000. She added: “Not only this, we’re also still in desperate need of a public charging infrastructure that’s reliable, plentiful and fairly priced. “Once this is addressed, drivers will feel confident to choose models with smaller, more affordable and sustainable batteries which will, in turn, encourage car makers to focus their efforts on this end of the market.” Drivers wanting to get their hands on a brand new Audi Q4 e-tron will be waiting an average of 18 months, double the waiting time reported in December. Another popular model, the Hyundai Kona, is not taking new factory orders, in another blow to drivers looking to switch. Alongside the Tesla models, a number of Mercedes-Benz vehicles are available immediately with plenty of stock, including the EQA, EQC, EQE and EQS.