Lionel Messi and Kylian Mbappe have been thrown under the bus by their former team-mate Pablo Sarabia. The midfielder, now at Wolves, claimed Paris Saint-Germain was a team of individuals. It is a criticism often levelled at PSG. However, it is something rarely said by players who have played as recently for them as Sarabia. The Spaniard spent three-and-a-half years at the Parc des Princes after joining from Sevilla in 2019. He was a regular in his first two seasons but was sent out on loan to Sporting Lisbon last term. Sarabia was mostly restricted to substitute appearances upon his return and left to join Wolves this January for a fee of around £4.4million. The 30-year-old says it was great to play alongside the likes of Messi, Mbappe and Neymar.  Read more... Man Utd make decision on Pellistri future as Greenwood latest emerges [GOSSIP] However, he says he did not feel a togetherness with his team-mates, claiming they were just a bunch of individuals. Sarabia told the Telegraph: "It was amazing to play with Messi, Mbappe and Neymar and a very good experience, but for me the most crucial thing is to feel important in the team. "I prefer to be at another team to feel that togetherness, to be part of it and be a member of the team and a family, rather than just a collection of individuals. I wasn’t happy not playing. "It's very difficult to play with the level of players at PSG so I made the decision to come here. In my career I have gone through a lot of difficult moments but now I think I want to enjoy the job. I feel that right now I'm in the prime of my career." Sarabia has one goal in his seven appearances for Wolves so far. He says the presence of Julen Lopetegui at Molineux was a big influence on him leaving PSG.  Don't miss... Alan Shearer and Ian Wright will not be punished for MOTD boycott [NEWS] Arsenal may back themselves into a corner with Odegaard as duo eyed [TRANSFERS] Casemiro appeal decision made and new Kane info in Man Utd update [LATEST] Sarabia played under Lopetegui for Spain's under-19 and under-21 sides but left Sevilla a month after he was appointed manager in 2019. He added: "[Lopetegui] called me very early [after his appointment]. When he called, it was key because I needed the coach to believe in me. "We have already had a relationship for a long time. He's a very good coach and I like his DNA – the way he coaches and the things he does. "For that reason, I was very excited to come here. I enjoy working with him and I think we're going to have a very good moment here together."  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE