This week, sports commentator Gary Lineker has come under fire after blasting the government’s asylum policy on social media which he described as “beyond awful”. With many slamming the host for breaks the BBC’s impartiality guidelines, Good Morning Britain discussed the controversy during Thursday’s instalment. On Monday, Home Secretary Suella Braverman revealed the government's plan to stop migrants crossing the English Channel.In an attempt to try and stop the influx of illegal asylum seekers coming to the UK, the new policy will see those who arrive in the country unofficially detained without bail.It will also result in illegal immigrants being unable to obtain British citizenship in the future and being blocked from returning.Taking to Twitter to share his thoughts on the announcement, Gary branded it “awful” and appeared to compare the migrant policy to Nazi Germany. READ MORE:Tammy Slaton shares pregnancy hopes after smashing weight loss goals On Good Morning Britain, hosts Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway questioned whether or not celebrities should stay out of migrant issues, with  Terry Christian and Dominique Samuels giving their opinion.  Dominique continued: “No he did, to say the 1930s, we all know what was happening there and we all know what it led to. “It led to the deaths of millions of people so to actually make light of that and compare it to wanting to stop illegal migration I think is disgusting.” Terry hit back: "We've moved away from what the question is though haven't we? It's about free speech!" "It's not that celebrities aren't allowed to have opinions, it's that it's always coming from one side, or if celebrities do have an opinion that's not right, they're shut down." Dominique fired back.  Don't miss... Clarkson's Farm slammed for 'misleading' viewers over planning meeting [LATEST] Simon Cowell to ‘turn his back’ on ITV after 20 years for TV switch [LATEST] Coronation Street’s Summer Spellman ‘destroyed’ over Aaron's betrayal [LATEST] Kate tried to settle the situation, as she interrupted the pair, asking: “Let Terry finish and then you come back Dominique.” Terry commented: “We both agree on free speech, so who should decide on who gets free speech then, you?” With Dominique trying to reply, Terry raised his voice over hers which resulted in Ben having to step in. The host said: “Hold on Terry. Terry, Terry, Terry, let Dominique respond.” 