The Bin Laden family owned an expansive Florida home just moments from Disney Land. The property has now fallen into disrepair and a blogger has captured a haunting look inside the property. The home, an enormous five-bed family mansion with a swimming pool moments away from Disney Land was owned by Khalil Bin Laden, the brother of terrorist Osama Bin Laden. He purchased the home, built in 1928, in 1980 for $1.6million (£1.3million) through his company Desert Bear. At the time, the property already had an interesting history. It was built by William Pratt, the co-inventor of Jello, and had been previously owned by the President of Tupperware before Bin Laden bought the home. Osama bin Laden is reported to have stayed at the property, his children playing in the garden there while visiting family. The home sits right next to the picturesque location of Johns Lake, Oakland. READ MORE: Manhattan apartment has implausibly cheap rent - but it comes with an unusual catch Now, the home has been explored in a recent YouTube video by creator Steve Ronin, who took viewers inside the property. The large white building, which was bought by Khalil bin Laden as a wedding present for his wife, was clearly once a stunning mansion. Now abandoned, the home is strangely quiet and dilapidated. In a state of faded grandeur, it features high-arched doorways. A huge living room space with impressive wooden beamed ceilings and large arched windows also houses a huge stone fireplace. The master bathroom is an enormous suite with a massive tub built into marble. From the bath, one can look out of large windows at the stunning lake view. There is a grand wooden spiral staircase and a sprawling kitchen in which still stands two islands and a double oven. Don't miss... Inside Ivanka Trump's £20 million Florida mansion [PROPERTY] Where Rihanna lives with ASAP Rocky and their baby [INSIGHT] Inside neighborhood where Meghan Markle grew up in $1,098,200 home [ROYAL] Khalil Bin Laden, who was never implicated in the events of 9/11, left the property with his family after the 9/11 attacks, leading the US for safety reasons. After the family left, the mansion was left vacant and vandalised. In 2006 it was sold Aleem Hussain. After Hussain was convicted of a $9 million real estate scam the property was foreclosed and sold to Johns Lake Investment Group. The Johns Lake Investment Group sold it to John LeClair, but he abandoned the property. Then in 2014, the home was sold for $2 million to Gary and Dana English. The couple hoped to use part of the land for a luxury apartment complex but the proposal was rejected. The Englishes filed for bankruptcy and the property was, again, foreclosed upon and sold to Cornerstone Group Development LLC for $7.7 million in 2019.