Camilla, the Queen Consort, known formerly as Camilla Parker-Bowles, boasts one of the most popular royal engagement rings, given to her by King Charles ahead of their wedding in 2005. The five-carat, emerald-cut diamond with baguettes on the side fetches 800 searches a year according to Google Trends. Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk about Queen Camilla's jewellery and how it's often a nod to the late Queen Mother, including her engagement ring. She said: "The Queen Consort possesses a magnificent collection of jewels worth millions. "However, pearl jewellery is the closest to her heart. Camilla regularly wears jewellery from Queen Elizabeth II’s and the late Queen Mother’s collections. "But the piece that she has worn the most and looks her best in is the Greville tiara. READ MORE: Prince William makes 'groundbreaking' gesture towards Kate in Wales   "Interestingly, the £212,000 art deco engagement ring that King Charles used to propose to her was originally a gift to the Queen Mother at the birth of the then Princess Elizabeth." The Queen Mother owned Camilla's engagement ring and was seen wearing it a lot during the 1980s. However, it wasn't the Queen Mother's actual engagement ring, but rather a gift when she gave birth to the late Queen Elizabeth II. Therefore, this was a sweet gift from King Charles to his future bride by honouring both his mother and his grandmother.   Claire Beatson, the General Manager of lab-grown engagement ring brand Nightingale also spoke to Express.co.uk about Camilla's engagement ring. She commented: "Bestowed unto Camilla Parker-Bowles in 2005, this Royal Family heirloom is shrouded in mystery. "The Queen Mother was pictured wearing the dazzling piece in 1980, but who owned the ring previously or where it was made is not known." Claire added: “The Queen Consort’s engagement ring is said to have come straight from the Queen Mother’s collection. READ MORE: All Harry and Meghan's £2.4m Frogmore changes  "It features a five-carat emerald cut diamond with additional baguette-cut diamonds acting as side stones.” Diamond expert, Zack Stone, commented also spoke to Express.co.uk about the Queen Consort's ring and gave a rough estimate of how much it's worth. He opined: “Camilla's engagement ring features a five-carat emerald-cut diamond, surrounded by three diamond baguettes that were given to the Queen Mother in 1929." The ring is estimated to be worth £212,000, which makes it the second most expensive ring in the British Royal Family.  Kate Middleton's ring, in contrast, is worth a whopping £300,000, making it the most expensive British royal ring. This is likely due to its historical legacy of being owned by the late Princess Diana. Perhaps the most iconic royal engagement ring of all time, this is a stunning engagement ring with a 12-carat oval cut sapphire. Not only is it one of the most expensive royal rings (and steadily going up in value per year), but it also holds significant sentimental value for Prince William, making it the perfect piece for the Princess of Wales. 