Amy Nuttall has reportedly been left so "crushed" by the end of her marriage to Andrew Buchan that she has been crying almost every day. The Broadchurch star, 44, is said to have left the family home over Christmas and then moved in with Leila Farzad, 40. He met the actress while working on the BBC series Better. Amy, 40, was spotted running errands on Tuesday as the actress wrapped up in a padded jacket and her hair was swept up in a bun. Speaking to MailOnline about the split, Amy fought back tears and said: "I can't talk about it. I'm sorry, I can't say anything." Her friends also told the publication that the split left the actress "crushed" as she attempts to rebuild her life. One said: "It's been very hard for Amy. She's been crying virtually every day since it happened and she's struggling to cope with things. She can't even bring herself to talk about it as she's still trying to make sense of it all." READ MORE: Phillip Schofield enrages Billie Faiers by being ‘b****y to her' Another remarked: "It has broken Amy, it has been so dreadfully sad to see. "She got wind that something was going on and she knew she had to say something so she confronted Andrew about it. It must have been the most difficult thing Amy has ever had to do." Their comments come amid reports Amy became aware of her husband's new romance after he purchased lingerie that was not in her size. She reportedly went on to confront her husband of 11 years over receipts and paper records of hotel stays in London — when she had believed he was working away on set.   A source told The Sun: “The penny started to drop over a period of time. “He was away a lot, which wasn’t unusual because of the nature of his work, but at one point Amy realised he had been staying in hotels very near to home — and wondered why." They added: "But the final straw was the lingerie — that’s what clinched it. Amy just knew instinctively that it wasn’t meant for her.” Express.co.uk has contacted Amy Nuttall, Andrew Buchan and Leila Farzad's representatives for comment. Andrew, who played Mark Latimer in Broadchurch, has fallen for his BBC co-star Leila Farzad while filming the crime thriller Better, according to The Sun. It has been claimed Andrew told his wife shortly before Christmas that their marriage was over. A source said: "For Andrew to walk away from his family was a huge shock to us all – and Amy is heartbroken. "Everyone who knows them thought they were going to be together forever." Andrew married his long-term girlfriend Amy in 2012, with the former couple having been together since 2007. They also announced in 2015 that they had welcomed a son. The couple spoke publicly about their relationship and Amy shared her excitement prior to their wedding, while also calling her estranged husband "the one". Amy told The Mirror: "Andrew is great – I’ve known for ages he’s The One. He’ll kill me if I say anything about the wedding."