Beth (played by Lisa George) has had a rough time recently after she finally admitted to hitting Hope Stape (Isabelle Flanagan). On top of that, Kirk (Andy Whyment) found an old letter from her former flame Marco in their memory box and immediately took offence. Seeking advice from Glenda Shuttleworth (Jodie Prenger) she added him on social media where they soon met up for a catch-up lunch. However, fans of the ITV soap were left unimpressed when Beth met Marco in The Bistro after telling Glenda that she wasn't going to tell Kirk about their meeting. Glenda caught Beth in Roy's Rolls all dolled up and expressed: "You are telling porky pies. You're way too nicely dressed to be meeting your sister. You're meeting that Marco aren't you." Under her breath, Beth revealed: "Yes I am keep your voice down. There is nothing wrong with that, we are just meeting as friends." Glenda asked: "Then why are you lying and why are you whispering?" before Beth exploded: "Because I don't want people knowing my business," as she stormed out. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks Later in The Rovers, Beth admitted: "I am bricking it, do you think I should just call it off? What if he gets the wrong end of the stick? "What if he turns up and is disappointed with what he sees?" Trying to calm her down, Glenda noted: "If you are just meeting up as friends..." before Beth interrupted and claimed: "I am not going to cheat on Kirky. "Even though we are just meeting up as mates I still want to make a good impression ok! What's wrong in that? Kirky gets jealous and we are only meeting up as mates." After trying to work out if she should leave the date or not, a song comes on the jukebox which Beth claims is a sign that she should go ahead with the meeting, before dragging Glenda along for support. Walking into the Bistro, Beth and Glenda spot Marco before he runs over and tells Beth: "Look at you! You haven't aged a day!" She tells Glenda she can return to the Rovers before giving Marco a cuddle and settling down at the table for a bottle of wine. Before she left, Glenda told Ryan Connor (Ryan Prescott): "Keep an eye on them two and if anything happens that Kirk needs to know worry about call me." Don't miss... Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [LATEST] Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [WATCH] Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose [INSIGHT] During their chat, Beth and Marco reminisced about when they were together before Marco returned the vinyl she had asked for. As night fell, the pair fell out of the Bistro drunk where Marco attempted to make his move and asked: "So, do you want to go somewhere else or?" However, Beth let him down and explained: "Oh I can't, I said I would have tea with Kirky, need something to soak up the booze." Looking disappointed, Marco added: "This Kirky is a lucky man. So I would like to see you again, as friends..." before pulling her in for a kiss which she dodged. Viewers of the soap were left confused after the scenes, as Beth was adamant not to tell Kirk about the date but still sat in The Bistro where people would recognise her. @Clawmaw said: "Not Beth meeting up with Marco on her own doorstep, where everyone she knows can see her #Corrie #CoronationStreet." @Jamal06122771 fumed: "Beth has no shame. How can you meet Marco at the Bistro, or even in an area you and Kirk live? #corrie #coronationstreet." Bradley Coombes noted: "Why would beth meet this guy in the bistro where EVERYONE will see #corrie #coronationstreet." Nina Mayners commented: "Let's meet in secret.... in the restaurant that's two minutes away from where me and my husband live...." (sic) However, not all viewers were unhappy with Beth as @ConversationStr celebrated: "Hate to say this, but maybe Beth should ditch Kirk because she hasn’t looked this happy in years." (sic) Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.