The much-beloved series, Car S.O.S, will return for its 11th season on Thursday, March 9, as Tim Shaw and Fuzz Townshend look to make petrolhead’s dreams come true. The top-rated car restoration show with a heart promises to bring “fresh cars, fresh banter and fresh celebs to an unmissable series”. Each new episode features a different emotional and inspiring story from owners who deserve the chance to have their treasured classic motor fully restored back to its prime condition. Tim and Fuzz will be given a helping hand along the way by special guests, including two-time World Heavyweight Champion boxer Tyson Fury and racing car superstar and former Formula One World Champion, Nigel Mansell. The much-anticipated eleventh series begins with Karl whose life was torn apart by bereavement and family illness. The emotional roller-coaster of an episode follows the Car S.O.S team as they battle to rebuild the family’s 22-year-old Ford Mondeo and turn it into Karl’s dream car. READ MORE: Huge new number plate changes to be introduced tomorrow Karl appears to have had intentions to get it back on the road as the front and rear bumpers have been removed, as has the radiator and the water pump, but work has stopped there. The interior is mouldy and smells of damp, meaning the car is clearly leaking somewhere and both sills are rotten and will need replacing. The big job with this car though is to turn it into Karl’s dream car: a replica of the 1994 World Touring car champion. This will involve a new racing-style interior, after-market bumpers and rear spoiler, a full change of colour, decals, adjustable suspension, and to rebuild the engine with racing pistons, racing camshaft, sports exhaust. DON'T MISSDriving law changes in March - number plates, fuel duty and more [INSIGHT]E10 petrol 'causes vehicles to run terribly' as many return to E5 [SHOCKING]Drivers at risk of huge £5,000 charge for listening to the radio [WARNING] The result of the Car S.O.S team and their persistence and hard work will leave even the most hardened of petrolheads amazed. Later in the series, the team meets Darren, a landscape gardener from Stafford, whose Rover SD1’s head gasket blows up. At the same time, he suffered with family illnesses, loss of his job and his own battle with cancer. Thankfully after three years of fighting, Darren was given the all-clear. However, after so much time in hospital, he never managed to fix his beloved car. READ MORE: Elderly motorists offered course to brush up on driving laws His wife Jackie and son Ryan knew the only chance to reunite Darren with the automotive love of his life was the Car S.O.S crew. A third story to highlight is that of Ben, who came to England on the Windrush. Ben always dreamt of being a photographer. However, temporarily became a taxi driver – which lasted over 40 years. Another goal of Ben’s was to get his beloved Porsche 911 Targa on the road but after being diagnosed with the early stages of Alzheimer’s, his dreams sadly crumbled. The Car S.O.S team must ensure that Ben can drive his Porsche after 33 years of dreaming, before his driving license is taken away. This really is an SOS with the clock ticking. The first six episodes of season 11 have already been announced, with the last four episodes remaining under wraps until the cars are returned to their owners in a special and surprising way in true S.O.S style. Car S.O.S returns to screens for its 11th season on Thursday, March 9 at 8pm exclusively on National Geographic.