Married at First Sight Australia is back for its 10th season with more singletons putting their faith in the experts in order to find "the one". One of which is Melinda Willis, who was matched with the former biotech CEO of cannabis-for-pets company CannPal who stepped down from the role last September to pursue "other business interests'. Much like her new reality show husband, Melinda is also very career-focused with more than one thriving business. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from MAFS Australia. MAFS Australia star Melinda Willis is the founder of multiple businesses, one of which is Melly's Beauty Parlour in Brisbane. The company offers eyelash extensions, infills, as well as various services around eyebrows and waxing. She is listed on the website as the "owner and master technician" with 13 years of experience in the industry. If the beauty parlour wasn't enough to keep her busy, Melinda has another couple of businesses to occupy her time. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap Melinda is the founder of the beauty website Feather Sisters which offers a range of "innovative beauty and cosmetic products", according to its website. Feather Sisters has reportedly made more than $1million in sales since 2020. In addition, Melinda is also behind the upcoming fashion label BSSA which is still currently in the works. According to Work with Joshua, she now has a net worth of $1,750,000 Australian dollars. Once filming finished on season 10, Melinda ended up hiring fellow bride Caitlin McConville. Prior to MAFS Australia, Caitlin worked as a make-up artist but gave up her job to appear on the show. Originally from Queensland, Caitlin was reportedly left with little money afterward and so Melinda stepped in and gave her a job at Melly's Beauty Parlour. The website states she works as a "senior technician", specialising in lashes and brows, with four years of experience. Don't miss... Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [AWARD] MAFS Australia's Alyssa Barmonde grew up as a Mormon [CAST] MAFS Australia fans want to know what happened to Shannon and Caitlin [EXPLAINER] A source told Yahoo! Lifestyle: “Melinda then offered to help her out as they’ve become very close since filming ended. "She’s got a huge soft side viewers haven’t seen on the show yet.” Caitlin may have given up her previous career to try and find love but unfortunately, it didn't work out as she was matched with groom Shannon Adams. While they seemed to be a good match at the wedding, he went on to criticise her frequently, saying his wife wasn't as good-looking as some of the other brides. He told Caitlin: “The attraction's low. You are a good-looking girl - just not in my eyes." Shannon was up for staying in the experiment for another week but the experts permitted Caitlin to leave whenever, seeing as the relationship wasn't going anywhere. On the other end of the spectrum, things still seem to be going well for Melinda and Layton as they have been recently seen going on a workout together. MAFS Australia is available to watch Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm on E4.