The MG4 has been crowned the UK Car of the Year 2023, in another major triumph for electric vehicles. However, unlike 2022 when the top four cars were battery-powered, the MG’s closest competition came from internal combustion engined models at either end of the performance spectrum. The five-door hatchback comes with an impressive 281 miles of electric range in the standard model or 360 miles (579km) with the Long Range MG4. As with all new cars, the MG4 comes with a range of features to make the motoring experience easier and smoother. The Trophy Long Range model comes with a 360 parking camera, a 10.25” colour touchscreen and iSMART app connectivity. Battery life is often cited as an issue for drivers, but the MG can charge from 10 to 80 percent in as little as 35 minutes, and the car starts from as little as £26,995. READ MORE: EV drivers can save £500 on home charger with car tax tip The budget seven-seat Dacia Jogger was a deserved runner-up, while third place outright went to Toyota’s GR86, which claimed the Best Coupé category in this year’s awards. The Dacia Jogger was hailed as prioritising cost-conscious motoring, starting at a cost-effective £17,175. The SUV also comes in a hybrid version which can be £30 cheaper than its petrol counterpart, with drivers benefitting from a free first service, media control and cruise control. Ultimately, the MG4 won by a considerable margin over its six other rivals to take the title of UK Car of the Year 2023. Don't miss... Car S.O.S returns to save a classic Ford Mondeo [NEW SERIES] Almost one million Britons risk fines for not paying car tax [WARNING] Speeding fines can be 'heftier than you first think' [SHOCKING] John Challen, director of the UK Car of the Year Awards, said: “The MG4 proves that electric cars can be affordable, practical and appeal to all areas of the automotive market. “Fully charged, it offers more than enough miles for most journeys, while the design and driving dynamics tick two other important boxes for consumers. A deserved winner for the electric future.” Alisdair Suttie, also a UK Car of the Year Awards director, heaped praise onto the MG4, calling it “the perfect car for our times”. He highlighted the range and quick charging, adding that it takes the “chore” out of EV ownership and makes it a desirable way to travel. READ MORE: Drivers warned of vehicle thefts increasing as police urge caution Receiving the winner’s trophy, Guy Pigounakis, MG UK's commercial director, was thrilled with the victory. “The MG4 has proved to be a hit with both existing and new customers since it arrived in September last year  – and it is also hugely encouraging that so many expert reviewers hold the same opinion as well,” he said. “We'd like to thank everyone at UK Car of the Year for this award – this is a significant achievement for MG.” The 27-strong UK Car of the Year Awards panel was not short of praise for the MG4. “The MG4 does everything better than anyone could have imagined for the budget,” reasoned Jonny Smith, host of The Late Brake Show. Meanwhile, Carwow’s Paul Barker described the MG4 as: “The car several other manufacturers will wish they had built. Proof that electric cars can be strikingly good looking while also relatively affordable, practical and usable.” Another judge, Alex Grant, hailed the arrival of the MG4 calling it a “watershed moment for EVs. It’s a real game-changer.” Best City - Toyota Aygo X Best Family - MG4 Best Large Family - Dacia Jogger Best Crossover - Kia Niro Best Large Crossover - Range Rover Best Coupé - Toyota GR86 Best Performance - Lotus Emira