 Bruce Willis, 67, and Demi Moore, 60, were married for over a decade and share three daughters. Although Emma, 44, recently denied claims that the actress has moved in with them to care for Bruce, she lifted the lid on her “odd” but loving family relationship.  Bruce and Demi announced their split in 1998, after 11 years of marriage and after reports noted that they had been living apart for months already due to their busy filming schedules. Their divorce was finalised in 2000 and seven years later the Die Hard star stumbled across Emma at a gym where they happened to have a mutual trainer. The pair fell hard and fast, with Emma making her red carpet debut on Bruce’s arm barely a year later at his 2008 film premiere for Flawless. Bruce and Emma tied the knot in 2009 and welcomed their first daughter, Mabel Ray, 11, three years later, giving her a sister, Evelyn Penn, nine, in 2014. READ MORE: A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman issues warning after ‘potentially fatal situation’  Now, speaking on Dr Will Cole’s podcast The Art of Being Well, talking about skincare, wellness and family, Emma gave a touching insight into her relationship with her extended, blended family. She admitted their dynamic is “just the oddest thing” and “definitely not the norm” to be on such incredibly good terms with former spouses. The model hinted at her nerves when she first entered the star-studded family, adding: “I’ve heard all the stories in the world about how hard it was for someone to come into a family that was already sort of there and established and whatnot.” However, Emma also declared that “the reason” their dynamic works so well is “because Demi and Bruce wanted it to”.  Essentially, the stars stood firm in that anyone “coming into their lives” would have to deal with their close relationship. Emma recalled her early days with Bruce, adding that his three daughters were more than accepting of their father’s new girlfriend. She continued: “When I first started dating Bruce, I think Bruce’s youngest Tallulah she was like 12 and these kids welcomed me with open arms. “They’re just really loving, kind beings which is a testament to their parents and that made all the difference. Don't miss... Gene Hackman in very rare outing as he's seen for first time in years [LATEST] Alex Beresford warns of public 'meddling' in Royal Family affairs [LATEST] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST]  “Same with Demi.” Emma explained that the girls and Demi simply wanted to see Bruce happy, shyly adding: “I must’ve brought that to him.” The pandemic and Bruce’s declining health have seemingly only made the family unit more close-knit, with each health update about the Die Hard actor being signed: “The Ladies of Willis/Moore.” Recent reports noted that Demi had even moved in with Bruce and Emma to help care for the ailing actor as he was diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia. However, Emma hit back at the speculation declaring on her Instagram story on Wednesday: “Let’s nip this one in the bud. This is so dumb. Please stop."  The model has utilised the social media platform to shed a light on Bruce’s rare form of dementia, however, some claimed that Emma was simply trying to get some fame in the wake of her husband’s illness, but the mum-of-two hit back by owning her time in the spotlight. She shared in an Instagram video earlier this week: “I just saw something about me getting my ‘five minutes,’ which is great, which means that you’re listening. "So, I’m going to take my five minutes and I’m gonna turn it into 10 because I’m always going to advocate for my husband. “And then I’m going to turn my grief and my anger and my sadness into something good around something that feels less than.” 