The UK's most infamous prisoner, who is fighting for his parole in court after more than 40 years behind bars, has never used a cash machine, a parole court heard on Wednesday. Charles Bronson, one of the UK’s longest-serving and most notorious prisoners, could soon be released from jail after spending his decades-long term in solitary confinement. His "brutal and unacceptable treatment" while in jail had led him to develop mild PTSD symptoms, an independent psychologist employed by his legal team revealed. The convict, 70, who has been in jail for 48 years, had previously been diagnosed with anti-social personality disorder and is "naturally somewhat suspicious of other people’s motives". The psychologist told the three-person panel at HMP Woodwhil that Mr Bronson "feels like the whole system is about humiliating and degrading him." After 48 years behind bars, the convict would need practical support if released from jail. While Mr Bronson "poses less of a risk" to the public, the psychologist still believes that he should be kept in prison with relaxed security. She believes that he should be moved to a prison with open conditions, to allow him more interaction with other people, adding there would not be an "escape risk". "Serious thought" should be given to moving him to an open prison, she added. Mr Bronson, who was born Michael Peterson but changed his name to Charles Bronson and later to Charles Salvador, has held a total of 11 people hostage in nine different incidents. His victims included governors, doctors, staff and his own solicitor. In 2015, he threw his own faeces at another prisoner, which Mr Bronson claimed killed four people and insulted him. He added: "I should have hung him." The psychologist explained the reason for his violent behaviour toward prison staff was fed by his aversion to authority figures. Mr Bronson has now found other ways to release his violence through art, breathing and mindfulness techniques. READ MORE: Charles Bronson will never not pose a risk to others, expert says Speaking of the incident on the first day of his hearing on Monday, Mr Bronson told the hearing he "went through a phase" during which "I couldn’t help taking hostages". He continued: "I was battling against the system... it was my way of getting back. There's nothing better than wrapping a governor up like a Christmas turkey." Mr Bronson was sentenced to an indeterminate life sentence after taking prison art teacher Phil Danielson for two days in 1999, with a minimum of three years in 2000. Don't miss... Charles Bronson has '12 girlfriends waiting outside prison' [LATEST] Charles Bronson may be out of prison in next month's parole board [INSIGHT] Fury over Charles Bronson's fresh bid for release from jail [REPORT] Monday's parole hearing was Mr Bronson’s eighth attempt to get out of jail - all 7 previous attempts failed. In a bid to boost his chances for parole, he has recently launched an exhibition selling cartoonish drawings that often show a horrific view of his own life. Another hearing will be held in a closed session on Friday. READ NEXT:'Going to f*****g kill you!' Charles Bronson raged at Dirty Dozen starSteve McQueen 'left cops in awe of him' as star stunned onlookersRichard Attenborough: David was 'near tears' detailing brother's illsTempers flare in jail... over the TV remote'I'm coming home' Excited Charles Bronson has parole hearing 'in June'