The Apprentice sees just five candidates left in the running to become Lord Sugar's next business partner. The most recent episode saw last man standing Simba Rwambiwa fired, after the disastrous dog food challenge. The remaining entrepreneurs, who are all women, will now be sharing their business plans this week, which will be scrutinised and picked apart by some of Lord Sugar's most trusted advisors. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Apprentice.One by one, the male candidates of The Apprentice 2023 have been kicked out following their failures. Prior to Simba's departure, there was a double firing during the task which saw the contestants challenged with coming up with a male skincare product. Fans were left stunned when shortly after the winning team was announced, Lord Sugar pointed the dreaded finger at Bradley Johnson who was the project manager, even before he had a chance to defend himself. Bradley believes if one element of the show was changed, the final five would look very different. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap When asked about who he struggled to work with on the show, Bradley told Express.co.uk: "I don't think there is any such thing as a difficult person to work with. "If you can't manage people then that's more of a reflection of your personality and your skills, rather than somebody else's. "No one was particularly difficult to work with, everyone's got their own unique ways of doing things and you just need to know how to manage it. "Sometimes, people have all these ideas and shooting them down and telling them no is the wrong way to go about things." He continued: "You've sometimes got to listen to what they're putting forward, whether you take it on board or not is completely up to you. "That's the way I do things. When it was boys vs girls, the boys got on so well. "If it could have been boys vs girls throughout the whole process, I don't think any of the boys would have gone home. "It would have been a final eight boys fighting it out for the investment." Don't miss... Countryfile viewers blast ‘one-sided’ coverage of 'appalling' camping [EXPLAINER] Karren Brady flashed at in department store in 'bewildering' ordeal [CAST] The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION] In the same week Bradley left the show, Avi Sharma was also sent packing. He came up with the recipe for the skincare product which stained users' skin green. Lord Sugar did say it was "regretful" he had to fire Avi, admiring his "enthusiasm" but decided it was his time to go. Now Simba has left the contest, there are just five women remaining, doing all they can for Lord Sugar's all-important investment. This week, the five remaining women, Dani Donovan, Megan Hornby, Marnie Swindells, Rochelle Anthony and Victoria Goulbourne will face the dreaded interviews. They will bring their business plans for them to be discussed and analysed by some fierce experts. This year, they will be Claude Littner, Mike Soutar, Linda Plant, and for the first time in the show's history, Baroness Karren Brady. The Apprentice continues every Thursday at 9pm on BBC One.