A soldier raped and assaulted a young woman he met on a dating app. Sam Evans, a Corporal in 29 Commando, Royal Artillery Regiment, a British Army unit based in Plymouth, also urinated on the woman. A jury found the 28-year-old soldier guilty of of seven charges, namely two counts of rape, one count of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, three counts of sexual assault, and one count of intentionally strangling the woman.    The defendant denied all the charges and gave evidence in his defence at Plymouth Crown Court. But Daniel Pawson-Pounds, prosecuting, warned jurors to expect to hear "unpleasant" details during the trial, during which a video recording of the young woman was played in court. The woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was filmed in interview by specially trained detectives and she then gave her tearful evidence in court, reports Plymouth Live. "I remember my heart sinking. It was never ending. I just went on and on and on," she said. "I just wanted it to end. I said 'just get it over with' and he kept laughing it off. He had his hands on my throat again - he said to me 'tell me no again'. I just kept saying 'stop'. He said 'I like it when you keep telling me to stop - I like it when you say no'." The jury had heard how Evans had taken the woman back to his flat in Devonport, Plymouth, and despite others being in the main room of the property and with a flatmate in the adjacent room, he had used a vibrator on her that he had taken from his chest of drawers. The court heard he had ordered her to take down her jeans and underwear before he raped her, placing his hands around her throat and choking her during the rape.  During the woman's evidence she also explained how Evans had spat into her face and eyes, and at one point urinated onto her. The jury of five women and seven men took a total of 12 hours and 51 minutes to reach their verdicts, having been directed by Judge Robert Linford at 9 hours and 17 minutes that he would accept majority verdicts if they could not unanimously agree a verdict. The jurors - some clearly in emotional distress - returned to find Evans guilty of vaginal rape by a 10 to 2 majority. They also found him guilty of assault by penetration using his fingers on a 10 to 2 majority, but not guilty of oral rape and not guilty of a second count of assault by penetration using his fingers. They found him guilty of assault by penetration using a vibrator, assault occasioning actual bodily harm - slapping her around the face and head - and intentional strangulation, all by unanimous verdict. As the verdicts were read out there were gasps from Evans' friends and family in the public gallery and he was seen to place his hands over his mouth and nose, bending over in the dock. Judge Linford said he wanted a probation report as to Evans' "dangerousness" and he would be sentenced on April 3. He warned Evans he would face an "inevitable substantial custodial sentence". He was remanded into custody ahead of that hearing.