Meghan Markle loves chic, elegant fashion, which is very similar to what her late mother-in-law, Princess Diana used to wear before her death in 1997. A fashion expert spoke to Express.co.uk to explain how the Duchess of Sussex's engagement ring even evokes the memory of the late Princess of Wales.  Charlotte White, the head of design at 77 Diamonds, Europe’s largest online diamond jeweller, told Express.co.uk: "Meghan has regularly embraced the influence of her late mother-in-law Princess Diana who she sadly never met. "Meghan’s bond with Diana was first felt within her engagement ring. Its central stone is flanked by two diamonds which come from Diana’s tennis bracelet. "Following Meghan’s first pregnancy announcement, she added extra diamonds to her engagement ring’s unadorned yellow gold band. "Meghan has also worn Diana’s exquisite aquamarine cocktail ring, including at her evening wedding reception where she coupled it with a halterneck Stella McCartney gown. READ MORE: Kate is ‘most relaxed as a parent’ with one child in particular  "During her Oprah interview, she chose to wear Diana’s tennis bracelet, stacked together with two other yellow gold bracelets." According to Ms White, Meghan has experienced a fashion evolution since joining the Royal Family, and subsequently since leaving royal duties. She continued: "During her transition from an actor in her 20s to a member of the Royal Family, and indeed to fashion royalty, in her 30s, Meghan elevated her look. "She moved from playful, printed and colourful dresses and low necklines, to more tailored, monochromatic, grown-up looks from the likes of Marchesa, Burberry and Dolce & Gabbana.  Don't miss... Another royal wore a 'near replica' of Princess Margaret's wedding [LATEST] Expert spots signs Autumn Kelly was the 'perfect ally' for Meghan [BODY LANGUAGE] King Charles ‘doesn’t eat lunch’ - prefers to eat an unusual breakfast [DIET] "The Duchess's impeccable, refined ensembles in more recent years have lent themselves well to delicate jewellery, sometimes with personal meanings, including necklaces with 'H' and 'A' pendants symbolising her love for her husband Harry and firstborn Archie, mostly pieces in yellow gold and often with diamonds." Ms White argued that Meghan is an individual when it comes to her style, and showcased her taste in fashion frequently when she was a working member of the Royal Family. She added: "Meghan is a rule breaker and she has an occasional fondness for elegant asymmetry, choosing to wear wore single, mismatched stud earrings from different designers on each ear during her 2018 visit to Cardiff Castle. "She also sometimes wears dresses with an asymmetrical neckline, including a head-turning, one-shouldered Givenchy dress during her first pregnancy when presenting an award to her wedding dress designer Claire Waight Keller at the Fashion Awards." READ MORE: Fergie sheds light on Princess Beatrice's parenting style with Sienna  The Duchess does occasionally opt for "dramatic" jewellery, according to Ms White. She explained: "Meghan’s penchant for delicately glamorous jewels means it is only really at her wedding that we’ve seen her with jewellery of dramatic, undeniably regal proportions. "This was in the form of the Queen Mary Diamond Bandeau tiara with a grand detachable brooch at its centre, originally the property of the Queen’s grandmother. "For official events, Meghan dresses impeccably, with a love of minimalistic, often figure-hugging silhouettes and classic looks, with a striking coat and pointy, stiletto heels.  "Her casual looks are less structured, such as her more boxy-shaped blazers over skinny jeans and booties. "She also loves boat necks, which during her wedding, let her royal jewels do all the talking.  "She has chosen flowy skirts such as the black sheer Jason Wu dress worn in 2019 at the London premiere of The Lion King where she later met up with Beyoncé and Jay-Z. "She also enjoys wearing trench dresses and outfits with buttoned detailing including the dress she wore at the announcement of Archie’s birth." 