Loosely inspired by the 1960s movie of the same name, it tells the tale of Django (Matthias Schoenaerts) who is in search of his daughter Sarah (played by Lisa Vicari). The rest of their family was murdered years prior but he strongly believed she was still alive. It is only when he comes across the city of New Babylon does he find out the truth. Django first made its debut at the Rome Film Festival last year and was highly praised by those who attended. The Western drama was first announced as being in development back in 2015. So the show has been in the works for several years until filming began in May 2021 and was carried out for six months in Romania. The end is now in sight though with the series ready to be shown in the UK at last. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ Django is going to premiere on Sky Atlantic and NOW on Wednesday, March 1, at 9pm. Two episodes will air as a double bill every Wednesday night in the same time slot. Django is made up of 10 episodes in total so the penultimate and final instalment are going to air on Wednesday, March 29. The hour-long episodes will also be dropped on Sky's streaming service NOW for fans to catch up on whenever they please. Set in the Wild West in the 1860s and 1870s, Django is lost after his family was murdered eight years ago. However, he still searches for his daughter Sarah who he thinks managed to escape and when he arrives in New Babylon, Django finds out he was right all along. She is the co-founder of the city of outcasts where everyone, no matter what gender, background or race, is welcomed. Sarah founded New Babylon with her fiancé John Ellis (Nicholas Pinnock) who she is preparing to marry. DON'T MISS...BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges  [REACTION]Aldi launches supersize candle dupes for £325 cheaper than Jo Malone [REVEALED]Sky News' Jacquie Beltrao suffers 'tooth drama' amid holiday alone [CAST] John used to be a slave and she is aware that if he realises her dad fought for the southern army, he would kill him. She is desperate for Django to leave, fearing he is going to put New Babylon and its residents in danger. Her dad is convinced something bad is about to happen there and doesn't want to lose his daughter for the second time. Sarah actress Lisa Vicari spoke to What to Watch about her character's dynamic with John. "Sarah has a really complex relationship with John because she met him when she was really young and the relationship developed into a partnership", Vicari explained. "Their connection is something really deep and it’s hard to define if it’s necessarily a romantic relationship or a non-romantic relationship, but they are very deeply connected through their goals and their morals. "They believe in the same thing and they share the same hope. That’s how they stay connected throughout these difficult times. It’s not always easy." Django premieres on Wednesday, March 1, at 9pm on Sky Atlantic.