Suzy Merton (played by Martelle Edinborough) and Leyla Harding (Roxi Shahidi) thought they were the crime-fighting duo on Emmerdale after coming up with a plan to bring drug dealer Callum (Tom Ashley) down. However, Monday's episode ended in horror when the crook knocked Suzy out with a brick, leaving her lifeless body alone in the dark. During the episode, Leyla revealed she had put her son's Jacob Gallagher's (Joe-Warren Plant) life in danger with Callum and was worried for his safety when they could only reach his voicemail. Everyone was relieved when Jacob bound into the shop and Leyla confessed she provoked Callum. Meanwhile, Suzy hatched a plan to bring down Callum by smearing him as a grass to his criminal associates. Suzy told Leyla: "We can't go back now, I've already spoken to my contacts." READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks A terrified Leyla replied: "Well stop them because if Callum gets even a whiff that it is us then Jacob will be done for." "Why else would I be putting my neck on the line if I didn't realise how serious it was?" Suzy exclaimed. "Leyla, you back down now and Callum is definitely going to come after you. "At least you are putting up a fight," Suzy added, but Leyla was not keen on her plan at all. Before long, outside Take a Vow, Suzy called Leyla to tell her the plan was working, but she was interrupted by Callum. The thug fumed: "I knew it would be you, you stupid little b***h." Callum smacked Suzy around the head with a brick and fled the scene. Leyla tried to call Suzy back, oblivious to her friend's peril. Don't miss... Emmerdale's Dominic Brunt on 'appreciating' life after tragic scenes  [LATEST] Emmerdale's Laurel Thomas star details storyline bosses rejected [LATEST] Emmerdale's Amy and Matty let down after reaction to engagement  [LATEST] While Suzy's body was lying unconscious, Mary Goskirk (Louise Jameson) found her and called for an ambulance to help her. If Suzy survives, will Leyla tell her to stay away for her son's safety? Or will Leyla be there for Suzy while she recovers and understands she was only trying to help? Mike Tweeted: "Leyla blaming Suzy when it was herself that caused this s**t #Emmerdale." Jamie said: "Leyla you don’t do yourself any favours do you? #Emmerdale." Liam added: "Wake up, little Suzy, wake up #emmerdale." Teena shared: "I thought Suzy was more streetwise than that, her idea was so stupid…" Emmerdale airs on weeknights from 7.30pm on ITV and ITVX.   