Roy Keane has expressed his fury after he witnessed some of Manchester United's players 'laughing and joking' with Liverpool's staff during the half-time interval, just moments before they were blown away by Jurgen Klopp's ruthless Reds. Erik ten Hag's side were caught napping after the break as Liverpool capitalised on their hesitance before running riot - scoring seven goals courtesy of Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez, Mohamed Salah (all scored twice) and Roberto Firmino. It was an even encounter up until the break despite Gakpo's mesmerising opener to put Liverpool ahead just before the half-time whistle. And Keane believes United's players were never truly ready for the second half as he spotted some of them engaging in banter with Anfield staff and Liverpool's goalkeeper coach. "If I was looking at United the thing I would be wary of is they won the cup last week, a lot of celebrations - of course, never begrudge a team," he began, in a long-winded rant. "They turn up against West Ham, I’m at that game, a lot of circuses back at Man United. I’m always wary of that when I was a player here, keeping an eye on people - don’t get carried away because you know what this game can do to you. READ MORE: Graeme Souness confronts Man Utd icon Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark "I see the players come here today, one or two players come out in the second half having a laugh and a joke - they’re one nil down at Anfield having a laugh and joke with some of the Anfield staff, goalkeeping coach - I don’t like to see all that rubbish. "I do not like to see it, and that circus can creep back into Manchester United and the manager and the senior players have to keep an eye on that. Same at Old Trafford against West Ham the other night, a lot of announcements before the game and presentations. "Presentations? I understand maybe one or two but there were maybe four or five? Again, you look at half-time, a couple players walking down the tunnel and having a laugh and a joke at Anfield - you’re here to work. This is serious business, this is big boy stuff. "They’re having a laugh and a joke and rubbish. Then the second half and the lads are throwing the towel in, you expect to be laughing at the end of the game." DON'T MISSRaphael Varane screams at Man Utd team-mates for shameful actions after Liverpool collapseLiverpool crush shambolic Man Utd as spiteful Lisandro Martinez incident speaks volumesGraeme Souness confronts Man Utd icon Gary Neville over 'daft' off-air Liverpool remark Keane was notorious for his hard-nosed approach to his football during his playing days and he has never packed any punches during his punditry work for Sky Sports and ITV. That's why it's no surprise that he was quick to roast United's players after the demolition job, although he was seemingly the only one to spot some of the 'shameful' antics from the United players at half-time. Following the full-time whistle, Raphael Varane barked orders at his team-mates for failing to applaud the travelling Manchester United supporters. The majority of the team attempted to head straight down the tunnel in a bid to escape their nightmare afternoon at Anfield but Varane was having none of it. He was pictured screaming at his colleagues and they truly obliged, heading across the turf to clap the embarrassed United supporters, who could not believe what they had just witnessed. United boss Ten Hag conceded that his players "lost their heads" during the spectacle as they were simply blown apart by the unstoppable Reds. "Second half it was not us. It was not our standards. We didn't play as a team," said Ten Hag. The Dutchman was then asked if he was angry with his side's second-half display, to which he replied: "Yes, definitely, and surprised because I have seen the last weeks and months a team that is resilient and determined with a winning attitude. "We didn't stick to the plan, we lose our heads. We didn't do our jobs. We didn't track back and it was really unprofessional."