After 13 years of solving crimes and nine series of building their relationship with one another, Fred Thursday (played by Roger Allum) and Endeavour Morse (Shaun Evans) will finally part ways. Roger recently discussed the series coming to an end and admitted the final scenes will give viewers a "satisfying" end. Touching on the regular characters being given a proper farewell from the series, Roger expressed: "We have given a for all of our regular characters. That was the difference between Inspector Morse and Russell Lewis’s work on Endeavour. "There is a lot of story in Endeavour devoted to the relationships between the regular characters to a greater degree than there was in Inspector Morse. "I remember when we were filming the wedding scenes we thought, ‘Actually we’ve never all been in a scene together.’ "And that’s true. We never ever have. So we had to have a commemorative photo taken.” READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Marking the end of the series, Endeavour and Thursday have two final scenes with one another. Actor Shaun Evans also opened up on what was like to film the scenes knowing they were the last ones. He explained: "The final scenes between Endeavour and Thursday in the pub and then outside the Bodleian Library were shot on separate days. "Filming the very final scenes on screen between Endeavour and Thursday - myself and Roger Allam were both incredibly clear about where the characters are emotionally at that point. "And the push and pull of it. It was all about the work. That’s not to say it’s not emotional to not be working with Roger any more. "It certainly is. But we’re going to be friends for life. And the reason that we will be friends for life is because the work is so important to both of us.” The upcoming scenes will look at a previous investigation which looked at the former boys’ home Blenheim Vale returns which puts Thursday and his family at risk. The decision to end the show was agreed by screenwriter Russell Lewis and stars Shaun Evans and Roger Allam. Executive producer Damien Timmer commented: "Endeavour has been a real labour of love for all of us, and we salute Russell Lewis for his extraordinary achievement in chronicling Endeavour Morse’s coming of age across 72 hours of TV. "And the push and pull of it. It was all about the work. That’s not to say it’s not emotional to not be working with Roger any more. "It certainly is. But we’re going to be friends for life. And the reason that we will be friends for life is because the work is so important to both of us.” The upcoming scenes will look at a previous investigation which looked at the former boys’ home Blenheim Vale returns which puts Thursday and his family at risk. The decision to end the show was agreed by screenwriter Russell Lewis and stars Shaun Evans and Roger Allam. Executive producer Damien Timmer commented: "Endeavour has been a real labour of love for all of us, and we salute Russell Lewis for his extraordinary achievement in chronicling Endeavour Morse’s coming of age across 72 hours of TV.  Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [LATEST] GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [WATCH] Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [INSIGHT] "Russell always knew where he wanted the series to end, and that Remorseful Day is nearly upon us! "We’d like to thank Shaun and Roger and all the other members of the Endeavour family on and off screen, and to the show’s fans both in the UK and abroad. "It’s our duty to make a decision about why that is, and what they do in our particular stories that ensure that they’re never mentioned again later on. And I feel like we’ve satisfied that. A synopsis for the upcoming episode reveals DI Morse suspects there’s a connection between one woman's disappearance and her past employer. It reads: “But, another missing person's case demands his attention in the form of a notable artist, whose work adorns the covers of a series of paperback mysteries. “Meanwhile, reports flood in of stolen cars and wanton criminal damage, as a debauched group of university undergraduates wreak havoc. The murder of a uniformed officer sees Bright order all hands on deck at Castle Gate. “Much to Morse and Thursday's chagrin, the cast of TV detective show Jolly for Short is in town filming the final series.” Endeavour's final episode airs Sunday, March 12 from 9pm on ITV.