Three teenagers have been arrested after videos of two cats being attacked went viral on social media. The graphic clips show the cats being chased as they attempt to flee from windows and doors, and when they are also trying to hide under furniture in the home.   Horrifyingly, once the cats are caught, they are subjected to beatings where they are thrown, stamped on, kicked and have their tails pulled.   In the videos, the animals are seen being hit with various objects.   One cat was reportedly in a critical condition after being subjected to the horrendous attacks but is now reported to be stable.   Merseyside Police says that two 13-year-old boys and a 16-year-old girl were taken into custody after officers received reports of animal cruelty taking place at an address in Bootle, near Liverpool.     The attacks are said to have taken place on Sunday.   A Merseyside Police spokesman said: “Three teenagers have been arrested following a report of animal cruelty.   “Just after 8.30pm last night officers received a report of animal cruelty at an address on Westminster Avenue that took place on Sunday, March 5.   “Two boys aged 13 and one girl aged 16 from Liverpool have been arrested on suspicion of cruelty to animal offences."     “They have been taken to a police station in Merseyside where they remain in custody.   “An investigation is underway in the area. Anyone with information should contact us @MerPolCC or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 with reference 23000194073.”   No details about the group have been released by the police, other than ages.   The police advise that anyone who sees, or suspects, that a person may be treating an animal badly, whether this is physical violence, neglect or any other form of cruelty, should report this to the RSPCA’s cruelty line. This is open from 8am to 8pm seven days a week.   The phone number for the cruelty line is 03001 234999 and will cost the same as any call to a UK landline number.   Alternatively, the RSPCA has an online chat function on its website where people can report animal cruelty and neglect.   It is open from 8am to 7.30pm each day.   When making a report the RSPCA asks people to have information such as the date, time and place of the offence and the animal’s environment and bodily condition.   If known, they also want to have the names and addresses of the people involved, and the names and addresses of any witnesses.   Police forces across the country work with the RSPCA to investigate cases of animal cruelty. 