Former Arsenal and Chelsea striker Olivier Giroud joked that he got a "warm reception" from the Tottenham Hotspur fans in the Champions League on Wednesday night. Gunners legend Thierry Henry asked the AC Milan star what it felt like knocking Spurs out of the European showpiece, especially given that he is a former Gunners and Blues player. While Giroud didn’t get on the scoresheet, he did sarcastically admit that the atmosphere inside the stadium was "great", adding his pleasure that his side progressed to the next round. Arsenal and Chelsea fans would have undoubtably watched on with glee as Spurs crumbled on the big stage yet again. It marks another trophyless season for the north London club. Another season without success will have rubed salt in the wounds for Antonio Conte’s men. Following their defeat, Giroud was asked by Henry about returning to London. Henry asked his fellow French compatriot on CBS Sports on Paramount+: "You know, I have to ask you that, as ex-Arsenal and ex-Chelsea, how much did you enjoy that one?" With a smile across his face, Giroud responded: "It means a lot to me. I receive a nice warm welcome here from the fans. As an ex-Gunner, it always feels good to win at Tottenham. It was a great atmosphere. We expected that. For me, it was a special night. I wish I could score. But being through it is the most important." Following their European exit, Richarlison - Spurs' most expensive signing of all time - hit out at Tottenham over his lack of playing time this season and says he does not understand the treatment he has received. Richarlison, who was signed from Everton for £60m in the summer, was brought on after 70 minutes on Wednesday as Spurs' stalemate saw them crash out of the Champions League 1-0 on aggregate. They were booed off by supporters after a limp performance which confirmed their trophy drought would stretch to a 16th year, putting the futures of striker Harry Kane and head coach Conte under the spotlight. Richarlison showed his frustration after the game as he criticised the way his game time has been handled in an explosive interview with TNT Sports Brazil. He said: "It was going well, in a good sequence, two wins against West Ham and Chelsea," he said. "Suddenly, he put me on the bench, against Wolverhampton he put me on for five minutes. I asked why, but they didn't tell me anything. "And, yesterday, they asked me to take a test at the gym, that if I was good I would go to the game and, at the time of the game, they left me on the bench. These are things that it is not possible to understand."