A mum has died in a "freak accident" - leaving her eldest child to become her siblings' guardian. Somer Scott received a devastating phone call late on a Saturday night from her younger brother, saying their mother, Zoë, had fallen down the stairs and died. The 28-year-old, who was studying medicine at the University of Liverpool, booked an Uber from Liverpool back to her home in South East London. She told The Liverpool Echo: "He (the driver) was really nice through the worst ride of my life. "I was so thankful someone took me, I didn't think they would, I thought I'd have to get the Sunday morning train." Zoë Scott, a single mum of five children, died on February 19 at the age of 50 when she was found by her 17-year-old son. Somer, the eldest sibling, travels to Liverpool for her studies, before returning home at the weekend to work as a nurse. Paying a heartwarming tribute to her loving mum, she said: "My mum was a protective, generous and kind mother. "She always said her sole purpose of why she was put on this earth was to be a mum. "She was loving, her house was full of trinkets, dream catchers, butterflies, she just loved everyone. "She would do anything for anyone but first and foremost she was a mum, she devoted her life to us." Somer and her 23-year-old brother Samuel will now share custody of their siblings, especially in the care of seven-year-old Seth who is disabled. Young Seth is blind, has severe learning difficulties as well as medical complications. Somer added: "Mum was a full-time carer and I was more than happy to give up my dreams to make sure my siblings were okay. "But everyone said I can't give up my dreams, my mum was so proud, so me and Samuel will share responsibilities and we will live our lives how we would have, and make mum proud. "My siblings are amazing, we've all suffered this huge loss and they are my top priority. "My 23-year-old brother has just completed a masters hoping to start a creative writing career, my 17-year-old brother is going to train in animal management, my 11-year-old sister is about to start secondary school and Seth is so happy but is blind, autistic and has chronic kidney disease." A fundraising page has been set up by close family members to help with funeral costs and their day to day lives. As the donations and support come pouring in, £17,250 has already been raised. Cousin Emma Pocock said it was a "horrible accident" but Zoë died instantly. She said: "It's been a horrible time, they are such a close family. "We are hoping we can get Somer back to medical school because she fought so hard for it. "She trained as a performer but applied to be a nurse during the pandemic and worked on the covid wards, she really cares about it.  "She was studying in Liverpool but still coming to London to work as a nurse, she's really dedicated. "But this tragic thing has come with devastation and a huge financial burden. "I wouldn't know how to deal with all this, they are all being so strong. "Zoë was an incredible mum, she loved them all so much. "There's so much extra stress and financial burden associated with this and now they are responsible for their disabled brother, we just wanted to take some of that burden away."  Zoë leaves behind her five children Somer, Samuel, Shay, Sadie and Seth and loving friends and family. Somer said: "The support has been overwhelming. Everyone's messages of support has meant so much, we loved mum but we didn't know just what she meant to others. She was the first to light up a party and she was so fun to be around." The fundraiser reads: "Financial security will allow Seth's big siblings to provide the care he needs whilst continuing to follow their own dreams in a way that we know would make Zoë so infinitely proud. "Somer, the eldest of Zoë’s children, was little over a year into her journey to becoming a Doctor. "After training and registering as a nurse in London, Somer had moved to Liverpool after being accepted onto a highly competitive Access to Medicine course. "We want to ensure Somer’s dreams of becoming a Doctor can still be chased, knowing that her siblings are cared for and financially supported." Anyone wishing to donate to the fundraiser can do so here.