Government officials are believed to have seized confidential documents and IT equipment from the home of partygate investigator Sue Gray. The former top civil servant today sparked fury among the Conservatives after resigning to take a job as Sir Keir Starmer's chief of staff. Ms Gray's investigation into law-breaking parties in Downing Street during Mr Johnson's leadership played a pivotal role in his downfall as prime minister.   An ally of Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has suggested the PM is prepared to block or delay Ms Gray's appointment. Tories have reportedly urged him to veto the move. Meanwhile, Jacob Rees-Mogg, a close ally of former prime minister Boris Johnson, told GB News her decision to to take a job with Labour "invalidates" her report into lockdown parities in Downing Street and Whitehall. He said: "It is hard not to feel she has been rewarded and offered a plum job for effectively destroying a prime minister and creating a coup. This blows apart the idea of civil service impartiality. This appointment stinks. "This appointment invalidates her partygate report and shows that there was a socialist cabal of Boris haters who were delighted to remove him."  Mr Rees-Mogg called for an inquiry into what Ms Gray did in her contact with Labour while she has been a civil servant, in particular those with the office of the Leader of the Opposition. He added: "Her report is discredited along with the testimony that was collated by her. That's why there must be a proper inquiry." Under the civil service code, officials of Ms Gray's seniority have to wait at least three months before taking up outside employment. The move will be scrutinised by Parliament's anti-corruption watchdog, the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments (Acoba), before advising the Prime Minister on whether the move is "unsuitable". Mr Sunak will make the final ruling over the rules. Acoba does not have the power to block an appointment.  READ ABOUT CLAIMS HARRY AND MEGHAN ARE 'SCROUNGERS'   Nadine Dorries, who served as Mr Johnson's culture secretary, described the Gray report as a stitch up and said the move to Sir Keir's office was not surprising. Bassetlaw MP Brendan Clarke-Smith said he was "genuinely shocked", accusing Sir Keir of having "scant regard" for the public image of the civil service and the damage the move will do. He added: "After the events of last year, people will quite understandably be questioning the appropriateness of this appointment, including issues of impartiality." Mr Johnson received one out of a total of 126 fines issued by the Metropolitan Police investigating parties in Downing Street and Whitehall which breached lockdown laws.  DON'T MISS: 'I queued an hour to visit Clarkson's farm shop but was underwhelmed' [OPINION] Archie and Lilibet now ‘highly unlikely’ to receive royal titles [REVEALED] Prince Harry's return to the UK in jeopardy after Frogmore eviction [LATEST]  A well-placed friend of Mr Johnson claimed the validity and findings of Ms Gray's partygate report have now been "completely destroyed". They said: "Keir Starmer appointing Sue Gray as his chief of staff reveals what many have suspected all along: partygate was a deliberate and manufactured plot to oust a Brexit-backing Conservative prime minister." The ally of Mr Sunak told MailOnline: "The Acoba process exists to ensure people with access to privileged information cannot simply depart government and go to work for organisations that will benefit from that privileged information. "The Prime Minister believes passionately in the principle of civil service impartiality and would not countenance anything that would compromise that." They added: "There should be an immediate investigation into her appointment by Labour and all her contacts with the office of the Leader of the Opposition. Her appointment needs to be blocked immediately by Acoba pending the outcome of that investigation."   A Cabinet Office spokesman said: "We are reviewing the circumstances under which she resigned." Ms Gray got the job as partygate investigator after Cabinet Secretary Simon Case had to step down from the role when he became embroiled in claims of partying during the pandemic. Published in May 2022, her investigation detailed how officials drank so much they were sick, sang karaoke, became involved in altercations and abused security and cleaning staff. She criticised "failures of leadership and judgment" in No 10 and said "the senior leadership at the centre, both political and official, must bear responsibility". Six weeks later, Mr Johnson was forced out of office by his own cabinet and Conservative MPs.  A No 10 spokesman said on Thursday: "I can confirm Sue Gray has resigned from the post of second permanent secretary in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities. "This was accepted by the department's permanent secretary and the Cabinet Secretary with immediate effect. "We will not be commenting further on individual personal matters. But you asked me specifically when, that took place this afternoon." Asked whether there were concerns about unpublished partygate details being passed to Labour, the spokesman said: "All civil servants leaving the civil service have to abide by the Acoba process." 