Liverpool will be losing a club legend when Roberto Firmino departs upon the expiry of his contract this summer. Firmino has informed Jurgen Klopp of his wish to find a new challenge rather than sign a new contract at Anfield and the 31-year-old forward will end an eight-year association with the Reds. His spell has seen him contribute to 177 goals in 353 appearances and win every major trophy possible, bar the Europa League. Klopp had wanted Firmino to stay but the Brazil international will leave for free in the next transfer window. Firmino does however depart as a bonafide Liverpool legend thanks to his contributions. He was vital to the club's sixth Champions League success, 19th league title - and first Premier League - and their first ever Club World Cup triumph. He formed part of a front three that will be regarded as one of the greatest in football history alongside Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane. But Firmino is not the only hero who could move on from the Merseyside giants this summer. James Milner, another servant since 2015, may also leave for nothing. The 37-year-old's contract also runs out in July. Milner has made 318 appearances at Liverpool and has been a massive presence as a leader on the pitch and in the dressing room under Klopp. He, like Firmino, has seen his influence in games dwindle as a result of his age and injuries and may wish to end his career as a regular elsewhere. It is still possible the English veteran, a handy utility man given he can play in multiple positions, will sign another one-year contract to see him past his 38th birthday. MUST READ: Liverpool can punish Chelsea clause mistake when replacing Firmino And undoubtedly Klopp would love to keep Milner, having said of his vice-captain a year ago: "Milly is incredibly important for us. He is really helpful in the dressing room. He's a role model. I told him and I can tell the whole world: Nothing we would have achieved in the last few years would have happened without James Milner, if he's on the pitch or not. He sets the standards in a way a lot of people can set standards. Educated all of us." Milner, like Firmino, will go down as another icon in Liverpool's history. And two other players who have played large parts in the club's recent success may also follow those two out of the exit door. Centre-back Joel Matip is a candidate to be sold with just one year left on his contract. The 31-year-old will go down as one of Liverpool's greatest ever free transfers but the Cameroonian's standards have dropped this season, after what was arguably his best year yet last term. Selling Matip could be a way for Klopp to raise some cash towards fresh incomings this summer. The Reds have lost a lot of talent - Gini Wijnaldum, Adam Lallana, Emre Can, Divock Origi and Firmino - on frees in recent years and will be keen to curb the trend. Matip has made only 184 appearances since joining for nothing in 2016 with injuries restricting him from more but he was the starting defender alongside Virgil van Dijk for the European Cup triumph in Madrid. DON'T MISS...Pep Guardiola claims Man City unfairly punished in rant over refsChelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emerges As such, and for his performances in the league-winning and domestic cup double campaigns, Matip will also be remembered fondly. Another player who was instrumental towards the FA Cup and Carabao Cup successes last term was goalkeeper Caoimhin Kelleher. In an ideal world, Klopp would love to keep hold of the 24-year-old Irishman, who holds the record for the most penalties saved in shootouts for Liverpool (six). But he is ready to be a starter at Premier League level and will not be that at Anfield any time soon given Alisson remains arguably the finest shot-stopper in the world. Kelleher therefore is expected to move on this summer and could generate plenty of cash for Liverpool in the process. While not a club legend, his efforts when called upon mean the keeper is held in extremely high esteem on the Kop and it will not be easy to find a No 2 quite so dependable to replace him.