Roberto Firmino is set to leave Liverpool on a free transfer at the end of the season when his current contract is due to expire, according to reports. The Brazil international, who has scored 107 goals in 352 outings for the Reds, has seemingly opted against extending his stay on Merseyside and will therefore explore a new challenge as he prepares to wave an emotional goodbye to Anfield, where he is adored.  Firmino has been one of the staples of the Jurgen Klopp era at Liverpool after signing for the club from Hoffenheim in the summer of 2015 during Brendan Rodgers' final window at the helm. But now it appears he has taken it upon himself to call time on his Liverpool career following unsuccessful contract negotiations with the club. According to Sky Germany, Firmino met with Klopp on Friday to inform him of his decision that he wants to leave at the end of the season. The shock call means Liverpool will now surely be in the market for more attacking reinforcements at the end of the campaign when a major overhaul is expected at Anfield. READ MORE: Liverpool have seven names on centre-back wish-list as Chelsea and Everton stars impress Reds Firmino would follow former team-mates Sadio Mane and Gini Wijnaldum out of the door and there is a sense more high-profile exits could follow as the curtain comes down on a legendary Anfield chapter that saw Liverpool win every possible trophy during a historic four-year stretch. The Brazilian was right at the heart of that, playing an integral part in the club's Champions League (2019) and Premier League (2020) triumphs to etch his name into the Liverpool history books. Liverpool chiefs are thought to have been offering Firmino a short-term contract while the player has been looking for something more long-term as he enters the final stage of his career. Speaking to Sky Germany last month, Firmino's agent Roger Wittmann made it clear talks were ongoing over a potential extension. But it now appears the discussions have failed to bear fruit. DON'T MISSLuis Enrique appointment could help reignite careers of three Chelsea strugglersMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightLiverpool have seven names on centre-back wish-list as Chelsea and Everton stars impress Reds “It’s a long relationship between Roberto and Liverpool. Roberto is comfortable. At the moment we are in a great exchange and in February we will probably know where the journey is going," Wittman said. “But Roberto also has to have a say in order to find an agreement with Liverpool. We are on the right track. We have really good talks with Liverpool. It’s an outstanding club.” Firmino has struggled with an injury problem in recent months after enduring the heartbreak of missing out on Brazil's World Cup squad. He then made his return from the bench last month in the 2-0 win over Everton at Anfield but he is yet to start a game since his return to full fitness. It points towards the idea that Firmino may no longer be first-choice at Anfield moving forward which is another factor that is likely to have influenced his decision. Klopp had previously made it clear that he intended to keep Firmino, who remains one of his Anfield favourites. But now the German has been dealt an unexpected blow that will only heighten the desire to strengthen Liverpool's depleted ranks at the end of the current season. Securing Champions League qualification will stand Liverpool in the best possible stead of attracting top transfer targets with Jude Bellingham among those on Klopp's radar.