Hugh Grant did not look thrilled when he hit the red carpet at the 95th Annual Academy Awards in Hollywood on Sunday. The 62-year-old appeared to shut down his chat with Ashley Graham, 34, and rolled his eyes at her with some fans branding him "rude". The Four Weddings and a Funeral star kept his answers brief before branding the Oscars as a "vanity fair" in a quip at the Academy Awards annual afterparty. Ashley began: "Hugh Grant you are a veteran of the Oscars and you have been here a few times. What's your favourite thing about coming here to the Oscars?" After a delayed response, Hugh said: "Well... um... it's fascinating. The whole of humanity are here. It's a vanity fair." Not appearing to get his joke Ashley replied: "Oh yes. It's all about Vanity Fair," in reference to the Oscars party. READ MORE: Emily Ratajkowski and Eva Longoria wow in sheer Oscars afterparty look She added: "That's where we let loose and have a bit of fun." During the cringeworthy chat, the model asked who the actor was looking forward to seeing scoop an Academy Award, with Hugh commenting "no one in particular". Ashely then followed up with: "Who are you wearing tonight?" To which Hugh replied: "My suit."  "What was it like to be in Glass Onion? How fun is it to shoot something like that?" Ashley asked. "Well I'm barely in it, I was in it for about three seconds," Hugh quipped. She exclaimed: "But you showed up and you had fun right?" To which the actor commented: '"Erm... almost," before he looked away. Ashley thanked Hugh before he walked off as the actor then rolled his eyes. Social media users rushed to comment on the awkward interaction as Timothy Burke tweeted: "Hugh Grant wants no part of this dumb sh*t." Emily Miller fumed: "She was promoting HIM and his work and, in response, Grant was rude and dismissive. Like it’s so hard being rich and famous." Mario commented: "The moment he called the Oscars Vanity Fair and she thought he meant the after party, the interview was over." Zach remarked: "I mean I've done interviews with many checked-out celebs. You play into their comments and at least get that he's not talking about the Vanity Fair after-party. Also, talk to him about a film he's in for more than 120secs." Marielle wrote: "Hugh will come to the event, but he will give you NOTHING." Alex quipped: "The tension is amazing." Elsewhere, Hugh's wife Anna Eberstein stunned in an elegant gown as she joined her husband and a host of other British stars at the event.