Tottenham Hotspur may have a simple decision regarding Antonio Conte's future at the club as his spell away from the dugout continues. Conte is out of contract in the summer, but it may be worth parting ways months in advance to save Spurs' dwindling season. Every time an opportunity to end their 15-year-old trophy drought arises, Tottenham seem to shoot themselves in the foot. Since reaching the FA Cup semi-finals in 2018, the Lilywhites' record in the competition has told the whole story of their long wait for silverware. They suffered a fourth-round elimination to Crystal Palace the year after before four successive fifth-round exits to Everton, Norwich City, Middlesbrough and most recently, Sheffield United. Wednesday's capitulation against Championship opposition at Bramall Lane has left Spurs' campaign hanging by a thread. If they fail to overturn their 1-0 disadvantage against AC Milan in the Champions League last 16, a top-four spot will be the only thing left to fight for. A far too common occurrence. JUST IN: Tottenham have themselves to blame for Arsenal fighting for title  Conte wasn't present in Sheffield, as he hasn't been in four of the last six games while recovering from gallbladder surgery at the start of February. Cristian Stellini has recorded a 1-0 win over Manchester City and 2-0 triumphs against West Ham United and Chelsea in Conte's absence. But the Italian's continued spell back in his homeland is clearly taking a toll on his players, as is the uncertainty surrounding whether he will be at the club beyond the summer. It doesn't seem too outrageous to suggest it could be best for Tottenham to terminate Conte's contract and let him continue his recovery in Italy, where he would reportedly prefer to be. DON'T MISS Billionaire NBA owner makes takeover admission when asked about Man...Cristiano Ronaldo left Man Utd a parting gift after Elanga commentsMan Utd eye move for prolific teenager dubbed 'the next Luis Suarez' The club could then re-appoint Mauricio Pochettino, who, like Conte did last season, can inspire Spurs to a top-four finish and enter next season with a fresh sense of hope. It will make even more sense if the decision has already been made to part ways with Conte at the end of his two-year deal. The cost of missing out on Champions League football would impact the progress of a squad in need of further investment. So making a proactive move to go through with what somewhat feels like an inevitable decision could save Tottenham's season and a threatening financial loss. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here