NHS prescription charges are due to increase from April 1, 2023, the department of health and social care (DHSC) has announced. The charge was frozen at £9.35 last April to help "ease cost of living pressures", however, the DHSC has confirmed it will rise this year by an inflation rate of 3.21 percent. England is the only country in the UK that still charges patients for their prescriptions. Individuals across Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland get theirs for free after charges were scrapped just over a decade ago. The changes will see patients paying an additional 30p for their prescriptions, increasing from £9.35 to £9.65. The price rise also includes prescription prepayment certificates (PPCs), wigs, and fabric supports. A three-month PPC will rise by £1 to £31.23, while a 12-month PPC will cost an additional £3.50, bringing the price up to £111.60. The recently introduced Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) PPC will cost £19.30. READ MORE: Martin Lewis warns over 1 million people overpaid on NHS prescriptions  Charges for wigs and fabric supports will also rise in line with the blended inflation rate of 3.21 percent. Details of the revised charges for 2023 to 2024 include: New prescription charges  Don't miss... Over 65s hit with high energy bills due to their inefficient homes [EXPLAINED] 27-year-old makes £21,000 from her garage [INSIGHT] Hunt pushes over-55s back to work. Then HMRC applies ‘hidden penalty’ [LATEST] Wigs and fabric supports Thorrun Govind, pharmacist and chair of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society in England told Express.co.uk: “This is a further kick in the teeth in that we have already been raising concerns that patients cannot afford their prescriptions. READ MORE: Free prescriptions available for 15 groups  “There has been a rise in patients asking pharmacists what medications they can do without. We also have patients asking whether they can substitute over-the-counter options that are cheaper for medications they have been prescribed. “In some cases, we have had pharmacists funding patients for prescriptions they cannot afford themselves.” Ms Govind continued: “This is an unnecessary tax on the sick and it continues to be unfair that patients in England are not on par with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland where they do not have prescription charges.” Jon Foster, policy manager at Asthma + Lung UK, said: “It’s extremely disappointing to see prescription charges rise in England at a time when so many people with long-term health conditions like lung conditions are already struggling with the cost of living crisis. "Heating, food and now prescription charges – it’s another blow to families trying to make ends meet as the basics become more expensive." Asthma + Lung UK's recent survey found six percent of people with asthma were cutting back on prescriptions because they couldn’t afford them, which Mr Foster said left them at risk of having a "life-threatening" asthma attack. He continued: "Prescription charge hikes will only make things worse and mean many more people will face the impossible choice between eating or buying medicine that could save their life. As part of the Prescription Charges Coalition, we urgently call on the Government to stop this unfair rise in prescription charges which hits the most vulnerable people hardest.” Ian Buss, prescriber and clinical lead at Chemist4U weighed in: "With the news of prescription costs rising for the public, it brings about more uncertainty with the cost of living in the UK. A 30p jump in the price is going to have an impact on consumers who are already struggling financially. “We’re in a position where taking care of our health and having easy access to prescriptions is vital, both in a monetary format and store format." To help with the increase, Mr Buss highlighted the savings patients can make with prepayment certificates. He said: "[These] will greatly reduce the cost of prescriptions for people who receive regular medication. “Consumers who have more than one prescribed medicine a month can save money by paying for three or 12-month prepayment certificates. If you have two prescriptions a month, you can save more than £25 in three months; with three prescriptions more than £53 in three months; and with four prescriptions, more than £81 in three months." Mr Buss added: "For those who are looking at a prepayment certificate over 12 months, you can save more than £116 per year with two prescriptions a month, £228 for three and more than £340 for four prescriptions a month."    Earlier this week, MPs debated the Government proposals to raise the upper age exemption for prescription charges from 60 to the state pension age of 66. The debate followed a petition to protect free NHS prescriptions for those over 60, which gained more than 46,000 signatures last year. Neil O’Brien, parliamentary under-secretary of state for primary care and public health told Westminster Hall that the decision is still being deliberated while the Government attempts to strike the balance between supporting people with the cost of living pressures while increasing funding for the NHS. Express.co.uk has contacted the department of health and social care for comment.  