Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has warned Manchester United they will be in for a 'big fight' on Sunday when Europe's in-form team travel to Anfield in Premier League action. While the Reds have seemingly just overcome another troublesome dip, they believe they have the spirit to hurt Erik ten Hag's side, who are full of confidence after delivering the Carabao Cup at Wembley last Sunday to mark the first trophy of the Dutchman's era. Liverpool were heading towards an agonising goalless draw against Wolves on Wednesday night before they came up trumps and found two late goals from Virgil van Dijk and Mohamed Salah. The result means the Reds are well on track in their quest to hunt down Tottenham in the top-four and they can cut the gap on third-place United to seven points on Sunday with victory at Anfield. Klopp has made it clear his players do not need any special messages to get themselves fired up for the contest as he told United to expect a fiery encounter on Merseyside. The German told Premier League Productions after the 2-0 win over Wolves: "It's a big game anyway, against a team in form. We have to be ready and we will give them a big fight." READ MORE: Liverpool star Virgil van Dijk answers critics as Wolves ticket debacle speaks volumes Liverpool had the ball in the net against Wolves earlier in the second half through Darwin Nunez before VAR chalked off the goal. But the Reds showed impressive character to respond and battle their way over the line on another tough night at Anfield that tested their resilience. Wolves beat Liverpool 3-0 just a matter of weeks ago at Molineux and this was another indication that Klopp's side are starting to turn the corner following a rollercoaster campaign. "We knew it would be a difficult game, we controlled the game in a lot of periods. There were situations rather than chances, we got in a rush in these moments. We got our rhythm back in the second half, we just had to be solid defensively and keep making chances," Klopp added when speaking to BBC Sport. "In general we did defensively well tonight, Diogo in the 10 was really important, the midfield was together, defensively we had a high line and won decisive challenges. Ali [Alisson] didn't have spectacular saves to make which was good. "We had a knock against Real Madrid, we played a really good first half then we started the second really bad. We looked a lot more stable today, we have to carry that on." United showed impressive character themselves on Wednesday night as they set up an FA Cup quarter-final clash with Fulham. The Red Devils were behind in the second half against West Ham when Said Benrahma rifled home a stunning goal for the visitors, who could easily have doubled their lead through Michail Antonio. Ten Hag's team were then level, however, when Nayef Aguerd unfortunately turned into his own net after Casemiro saw a goal chalked off for offside. Alejandro Garnacho then came up trumps with a 90th-minute winner for the hosts to send Old Trafford into raptures. There was extra gloss added to the scoreline in the dying embers when Fred continued his fine form with another goal - his sixth since November. Man United are now third, eleven points behind leaders Arsenal but with a game in hand. Liverpool are sixth, six points behind Tottenham in fourth but with a game in hand under the belt.