Liverpool are 'highly likely' to sign Chelsea star Mason Mount, according to reports. Jurgen Klopp is claimed to view the England star as an ideal target for a new-look midfield. Mount is out of contract at Chelsea at the end of next season. He wants his salary brought in line with some of the club's higher earners. Chelsea are yet to offer him a new deal that satisfies him and his agent. If he doesn't sign an extension by the summer, an exit could be on the horizon to prevent him from leaving for free a year later. Liverpool's interest in Mount has been known for some time. But it appears a deal could be becoming more realistic. READ MORE: Ten Hag can axe eight Man Utd players to raise £117m in FFP escape route  TalkSPORT reports that confidence is increasing at Anfield about a move for Mount. Klopp wants to rebuild his midfield and views the 24-year-old as an 'ideal' player to be part of that. The report claims there are suggestions that it is 'highly likely' that Mount will become a Liverpool player. The move would be quite the coup for Klopp to lure a player away from a direct rival. Mount has found himself in and out of the Chelsea side of late. He was a regular starter under both Frank Lampard and Thomas Tuchel but Graham Potter has changed things up of late in an attempt to turn around the club's fortunes on the pitch. The Three Lions international has scored just three goals in all competitions this season for club and country. He hit double figures in the Premier League last term but, like many other Chelsea players, has struggled in the final third. DON'T MISSWrexham owner McElhenney makes plea after his team go top of the leagueMan Utd face major Liverpool test even if Ten Hag masterminds Anfield winGuardiola may have made Ferguson Man Utd mistake that could cost Man City  Mount came through the academy at Chelsea and had a successful loan spell at Derby before making his Blues debut in 2019. He almost immediately became a regular under Lampard and has gone on to play 192 times for the club, scoring 33 goals and registering 37 assists. Meanwhile, Liverpool's midfield has come under huge criticism this season. Captain Jordan Henderson and Brazil star Fabinho have been particularly below their usual standards for most of the campaign. Thiago Alcantara has struggled with injury problems, while James Milner, Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain are all out of contract in the summer. Jude Bellingham is the top target for Klopp but won't be the only midfielder the German pursues.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here