Sarah Ferguson has revealed the reason why she will always have Prince Andrew's back. In a wide-ranging interview, the Duchess of York described her unique relationship with the late Queen Elizabeth II and her support for the Duke of York. Describing her as "more than a mother", Fergie said Her late Majesty the Queen was "relieved" to have the Duchess by her side during her "poor" son's tumultuous years. Asked whether Queen Elizabeth was confident Sarah would always be there for Andrew after her death, Sarah said: "She knew". She told The Telegraph: "I will always be there. Always. Because I love her." She also expressed sadness at what Prince Andrew has been through over the last three years. Andrew’s behaviour has come under intense scrutiny since 2020 following criticism of his association with American sex offender and financier Jeffrey Epstein and allegations of sexual assault which the Duke vehemently denies.  Virginia Giuffre accused the Duke of sexually abusing her three times in 2001 when she was 17, below the legal age of consent in some US states. In February of last year, the Duke of York settled the sexual assault case filed against him by Ms Giuffre for an undisclosed sum. However, Andrew could soon be brought into the scandal again, as the final trove of documents containing allegations related to 167 of Jeffrey Epstein’s associations, victims and employees are set to be made public within months, according to the Daily Mail. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'resentful' after insulting Frogmore Cottage downgrade The documents refer to "alleged perpetrators" or individuals accused of "serious wrongdoing", as well as law enforcement officers and prosecutors, according to a declaration filed in early February. The Duke of York is among those mentioned in the documents, the Daily Mail reports. The files were presented as part of a defamation case Virginia Giuffre filed against Ghislaine Maxwell in 2015. Virginia Giuffre claimed that British sex offender Ghislaine Maxwell had slandered her. Ms Giuffre and Ms Maxwell's civil defamation lawsuit was resolved under confidential terms, but over the past few years, hundreds of pages of records have been made public. DON'T MISS:King Charles attempts to move on and put issues of Sussexes 'to bed' [REPORT] Fergie says Queen was her 'idol' as she opens up on their relationship [REPORT] John Cleese hits out at Charles moving Prince Andrew into Frogmore [REPORT] In June 2022, Maxwell, 61, was sentenced to 20 years in prison after being found guilty of child sex trafficking and other offences in connection with Mr Epstein. She is now launching a last-ditch appeal against her conviction and 20-year prison sentence. Her attorney Arthur Aidala said Ms Maxwell was a “proxy” for Epstein who was prosecuted "to satisfy public outrage over an unpopular non-prosecution agreement and the death of the person responsible for the crimes". Mr Aidala, who represented Harvey Weinstein in the disgraced film producer’s Manhattan rape trial, also said that Maxwell was so overwhelmed by "inhumane conditions" in jail that "by time of trial, she was so disoriented and diminished that she was unable meaningfully to assist in her own defence, much less to testify". Her attempt to have her conviction overturned will more likely fail, according to many legal experts. READ NEXT:Piers Morgan mocks Harry and Meghan for 'playing victim' over FrogmorePrince Andrew 'resisting' Frogmore move as he doesn't want to downsizeMeghan and Harry 'being evicted' from Frogmore Cottage by King CharlesSussexes said to be left in dark about Prince Andrew move to FrogmoreCharles decided to evict Sussexes '24 hours after Spare was released'