Until now I’ve not had much faith in Rishi Sunak. But his brave new immigration policy which means people coming here illegally won’t be allowed to stay – and more importantly, they won’t be allowed to come back – is long overdue. Predictably, he’s being bombarded by the forces of the liberal establishment who are screaming how hideous and inhumane it all is. But he must resist them, knowing the majority of the country is behind him. It isn’t inhumane to stop people coming here from holiday destinations like Albania and scamming the system by claiming they’re victims of modern-day slavery. And whatever the Gary Linekers of this world say, it isn’t racist or inhumane for people to worry about huge numbers of young migrant men descending on their communities. We know those boats aren’t full of people fleeing persecution although the Left would have you believe they are. Fact – 87.4 percent of people in those boats are men, 75 percent are men under 40. We cannot continue to have our immigration policies dictated by Leftie human rights lawyers and refugee charities whose ultimate aim is for Britain to have open borders so anyone can come – and stay. Starmer is claiming Rishi’s plans are unworkable and, of course, he wants them to be because he knows if they work the Tories will win the next election. Remember Starmer’s the man who once said all immigration laws are racist. The British people aren’t against immigration. They are 100 percent FOR helping people fleeing war and persecution. But they are against – and justifiably scared by – totally uncontrolled illegal immigration; the kind that makes fools of them and impacts housing, health care and social services in their communities. First Harry and Meghan suggested Archie had been denied a royal title because of his mixed race. Not true. Archie wasn’t entitled to be a prince until Charles became King. Then the pair, who never stop saying how much they hate the monarchy and all it stands for; that they don’t want their kids being brought up in a royal cage; and that they want to live an ordinary life, have now decided that Archie and Lilibet will be called Prince and Princess. What hypocrites! They’re giving the kids those titles so they (Harry and Meghan) can monetise their royal connections and utilise the perks those titles will bring. Because without them and their royal connections what are they? She’s a two-bob actress from Suits and he’s the bloke who makes a living out of trashing his family and talking about his mental health issues. Madonna, 64, ended her relationship with her previous boyfriend, 23-year-old Andrew Darnell, because she said she felt she needed someone nearer her own age. So, true to her principles she’s now dating 29-year-old boxing coach Josh Popper, a mere 35 years her junior. I’ve got handbags older than him! Keira Knightley says she felt caged by being a female sex object in the movie Pirates of the Caribbean. She says this in an interview in Harper’s Bazaar while lounging sexily across a sofa. Go figure! Bristol has just been voted the pothole capital of the UK with 80 percent of roads needing repair. Well, whoever did that survey didn’t come to our street which has 183 potholes. And when Richmond Council came to see, they told us that 180 of them didn’t exactly meet the requisite 2.4cm threshold for filling them even though cars puncture their tyres on them, pedestrians trip over them, and cyclists have to do death-defying swerves to avoid them. So guess what Richmond Council did? They sent a lorry load of tarmac and filled just three of the 183, then took the tar away again. What stupidity! It’s no wonder councils are going bankrupt with this kind of pettiness and incompetence.  Boris Johnson's old flame, Petronella Wyatt, was asked how she felt about Boris giving his dad Stanley a knighthood: “Utterly shameless and utterly disrespectful,” she snapped. “You cannot use the honours system as the family gift shop.” Of course, she’s 100 percent right. It is shameless and wrong. But I can’t help wondering who among us, if we’d been kicked out of government in the shabby way Boris was, wouldn’t abuse what power they had left to give their 82-year-old dad a knighthood bearing in mind all the other undeserving idiots who get given one?