Andy Murray's run at Indian Wells was brought to an end on Monday night as fellow Brit Jack Draper came away with a straight-sets victory from their round-of-32 clash. Draper next faces a daunting opponent in US Open champion Carlos Alcaraz, and the Spaniard has already given his verdict on the match-up. The meeting between Murray and Draper was hotly anticipated as two generations of British tennis talent came together for the first time. Draper, 21, produced a powerful display and secured an early break to go 3-1 up in the first set. He eventually saw it out via a tie-break, but his second-set performance was even more convincing as he romped to victory 7-6 6-2 in California. The youngster, who claimed a big scalp by toppling three-time Grand Slam champion Murray, notched his second straight win over a compatriot after beating Dan Evans in the previous round. "I've looked up to Andy since I was so young," admitted Draper. "I watched him win Wimbledon for the first time in 2013 and then I've had the opportunity to get to know him and practice with him often since 2019. Don't miss... Djokovic learns reason for snub as Medvedev tips Serb to be toppled [REACTION] "He's a really special person, a great champion, great human being and I'm privileged to play against him on this court." On his prospects of continuing to march on at Indian Wells, Draper added: "I want to keep on trying to impose my game and use my weapons. "It's not easy in these conditions. It [was] quite slow tonight, the wind was a bit swirly and obviously playing against Andy, he makes it incredibly awkward for you. It's something I'm looking to improve with my coach and it's definitely starting to pay off a little bit more." Draper, currently ranked No. 56 in the world, will now face a heavyweight clash against Alcaraz to fight for a place in the quarter-finals at Indian Wells. The Brit claimed that triumphing over Murray has given him a major psychological boost ahead of his showdown with the Spaniard. "Beating Dan and Andy, that's about as much confidence as I'd need for that match. Carlos is another level up, he's been No. 1 in the world, had an exceptional year last year, so it would be amazing to play him again in another real battle."  World No. 2 Alcaraz has also spoken out on his forthcoming meeting with Draper, having beaten Thanasi Kokkinakis and Tallon Griekspoor en route to the last 16 without dropping a set. "Jack's playing really well," claimed the 19-year-old. "I played against him just once in Basel, not a long time ago. It was really tough. I know that I have to put my best level, I have to show my 100 per cent to [beat] a great opponent like Jack. I think it's going to be a really beautiful match to watch for the crowd and obviously I'm going to enjoy the match."