Even with all the money that Chelsea have spent under Todd Boehly, they're still in a rut and enduring a woeful season. Multiple players are yet to justify the big price tags, but it may be time to look internally to fix the problems. It's fair to say that Kepa Arrizabalaga isn't the only problem at Chelsea, but he's certainly one of them. The Spaniard remains the most expensive goalkeeper of all-time after arriving for £72million, but although he's finally getting a decent spell in the side as their no.1, he's still not been overly impressive. Chelsea signed another keeper in 2022 as they added the young Gabriel Slonina to their ranks, but although he was signed as an option for the future, he's already turning heads.Slonina signed from MLS side Chicago Fire in 2022, joining for an initial $10m even though he is still only 18. But unlike Arrizabalaga, his price tag is starting to look justified, and some fans are already calling for the young American to replace him. The young goalkeeper has played three matches for Chelsea's Premier League 2 side and kept clean sheets in every game. They weren't easy opponents either, as they faced Liverpool, Arsenal and Wolves.Chelsea's first team on the other hand, are seriously struggling. They've kept just three clean sheets in 2023 so far, but have only managed one win since the turn of the year and pressure is ramping up on manager Graham Potter. They've won just two of their last 16 in all competitions, and Arrizabalaga's flaws were highlighted in their recent 2-0 defeat to London rivals Tottenham. Arrizabalaga failed to keep hold of the ball early in the second half, and Oliver Skipp opened the scoring after Chelsea failed to clear their lines.Momentum then shifted from that moment on, and Harry Kane later doubled Tottenham's advantage to wrap up the three points. With the squad that Chelsea have there is no way they can justify sitting 10th in the Premier League, and changes need to be made somewhere. They're lacking a clear goalscorer, and are a little light in the centre-back area too. But a confident, capable goalkeeper has been missing for a while, and perhaps Slonina will get a chance in the near future.He was picked up back in MLS at the age of 14, which remains the youngest ever signing in the league. There's clearly something there, and at this rate, it won't be long before he's thrown in.