Antonio Conte has still not returned to England as he continues to recover from his gallbladder removal surgery, but Tottenham assistant Cristian Stellini confirmed this week the Spurs boss will be back at the club on Sunday. Conte has been back in Italy since Tottenham's 1-0 defeat to AC Milan last month after a post-operation check on his recovery from surgery. The Italian was back in the dugout just days after his gallbladder surgery for Tottenham's match against Leicester before making the trip to Italy for the Champions League clash with AC Milan. Conte admitted later on that he was wearing "a medical device" and that he didn't feel "100 per cent (in) my physical shape". And it was confirmed by Tottenham not long after the AC Milan match that Conte would remain in his home country to continue his recovery. Conte said at the time: "Sadly I underestimated the procedure, which wasn't a routine operation, but a sudden and serious emergency. "My body has suffered my impatience and now I am forced to stop until my entire recovery." Stellini has assumed first-team duties in Conte's absence since with Tottenham winning both league games the Spurs boss has missed.  There was some suggestion Conte would have been back in time for Tottenham's away trip to Wolves this weekend. But Stellini confirmed on Friday that Conte would not be returning until the day after the match. Stellini said: "I said he would come back this week and straight after the match against Wolves he will be in London and will be in charge again from Sunday. When pressed to explain further why Conte would be absent from the Wolves match, Stellini added: "This is a question for the medical department because they decide the time schedule was one month.  "One month after the surgery stops on Saturday and they ask Antonio to come back on Sunday so this is a question for the medical department." It means Conte may well make his return to the dugout for Tottenham's Champions League last-16 second leg tie against Milan on Wednesday. Spurs are down 1-0 on aggregate after Brahim Diaz scored the only goal of the game in the first leg. But Tottenham are in need of stretching their winning record in the Premier League this weekend too with Newcastle and Liverpool chasing them for a top-four spot. Emerson Royal is available for selection after missing Tottenham's FA Cup defeat to Sheffield United through injury.