NFL legend J.J. Watt is in the United Kingdom to meet with Burnley club officials as the former defensive star could sensationally become a minority shareholder. Watt is currently enjoying retirement after a stellar career and it appears the Championship-topping Clarets have piqued his interest. At the end of the 2022 season, Watt announced he was to retire from the NFL after a dominant 12-year career. Watt was named to the Pro Football Hall of Fame All-2010s Team and claimed the Defensive Player of the Year award on three occasions to go with five Pro Bowl nods. Watt is famously a fan of football as wife Kealia is a footballer herself who has enjoyed spells with the Houston Dash and Chicago Red Stars while making three appearances - and scoring once - for the USWNT. Eagle-eyed followers of the former Houston Texans star noticed he has surprisingly posted a number of photos to his social media where Watt appears to be watching Burnley. Per AFP’s Simon Evans, Watt was in Burnley today to meet with club officials over an ownership role. The 33-year-old spent the afternoon meeting students and staff at Burnley College while he was seen wearing a club scarf throughout. READ MORE: Packers' Aaron Rodgers stance after NFL star met NY Jets chiefs His move to join Burnley’s ownership group is perhaps not a coincidence as two-time Super Bowl champion Malcolm Jenkins hit headlines in October 2021 as he became a minority investor in the club’s American ownership group, ALK Capital investment. It appears Watt is interested in doing the same. After Jenkins was confirmed as a minority investor, Burnley chairman Alan Pace released a statement which read: “It was great to welcome Malcolm and his team to Turf Moor at the weekend and give them their first live taste of Premier League action. Malcolm has a wealth of high-level experience, not only as an elite sportsman, but through his successful business and philanthropic enterprises. “We're thrilled to have him as part of our investment group and look forward to him helping our efforts to develop the club both on and off the pitch.” Don't miss... Aaron Rodgers faces Packers dilemma as NFL teams decide on star [LATEST] NFL Draft prospect tears ACL before setting bench press record [LATEST] Tom Brady tipped to reverse NFL retirement again despite £316m deal [LATEST] Watt is one of the best defensive players in NFL history and he leaves behind a legacy of greatness both on and off the field. In 2017, Watt was named the NFL's Walter Payton Man of the Year - a coveted honour - and Sports Illustrated’s Sportsperson of the Year after he spearheaded a stunning fundraising effort that raised more than $37million in Hurricane Harvey relief for the Houston community, where he played for 10 seasons. Houston drafted Watt 11th overall in the 2011 NFL Draft, enjoying a decade of high-level play before joining the Arizona Cardinals in 2021. In 14 games with the Cardinals last season, Watt has made 33 tackles (14 for loss) and posted 21 quarterback hits, 9.5 sacks, one forced fumble and one fumble recovery. Watt seems to be enjoying his retirement so far and the former defensive end could make an appearance at Turf Moor as Vincent Kompany's side take on Wigan on Saturday.