Manchester United are reportedly ready to spend big money on Tottenham star Harry Kane in the summer - by making him the most expensive British footballer of all time. Jack Grealish currently holds the record following his £100million move from Aston Villa to Manchester City in 2021, though Kane could be on the move at the end of the season. The Mirror have claimed that United are ready to break the transfer record for a British player to bring Kane to Old Trafford this summer. He could even cost more than the £105million that Chelsea paid to land Enzo Fernandez on January transfer deadline day, as United are willing to pay the hefty fee to fully concentrate on Ten Hag’s number one target. The Dutchman is unhappy with his current forward options according to the report, as Marcus Rashford has often been asked to switch from his left-wing role as the only recognised centre-forwards at the club are Anthony Martial and Burnley loanee Wout Weghorst. Ten Hag believes that Kane can have a similar short-term impact as Casemiro, who has swiftly transformed the team since his summer move from Real Madrid. Kane’s contract in north London expires in 2024 and though talks are scheduled a the end of the season over a possible extension, fears will be growing at the club over whether the England captain wants to see out the remainder of his career at Spurs. MUST READ Cristiano Ronaldo strops after Al-Nassr loss as he kicks bottle [LATEST] The 29-year-old has not won a major piece of silverware in his time at the club, which may tempt him to leave in search of team honours while also remaining in the Premier League to break Alan Shearer’s goalscoring record. Pressure has grown on Spurs boss Antonio Conte following their Champions League exit at the hands of AC Milan on Wednesday. Following the defeat, Kane offered a blunt response to whether solely a top-four finish is good enough this season, having been knocked out of all cup competitions. Don't miss... Man Utd could sign three more England stars for Erik ten Hag [TRANSFERS] Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag may need to send a thank you to Rabiot's mum [REACTION] Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag can satisfy Paul Scholes rotation wish soon [ANALYSIS] “I don’t think so. Where we’re at as a club, we should be winning trophies. That’s always the aim,” Kane admitted. “The top four [being our only target] is a consequence of not playing as well as we want to play. Now that’s all we can fight for so that’s going to be the goal and hopefully we can achieve that come the end of the season. “But for sure, it’s not enough for this club. Top four [alone] is not good enough for anyone at this club, especially the fans. They have the right to voice their opinion. "The last week especially just hasn’t been good enough. Before the Sheffield United game, the season could have been a whole lot different.”