If you truly thought you had grown up stuck in a system which had wrecked your childhood and young adulthood and “trapped” your father and brother, wouldn’t you want to keep your own children as far away from that as possible? That is the Duke of Sussex’s assessment of his upbringing as a royal prince and the impact royalty also had on his dad and older sibling, shared with us over numerous media outpourings.  And Harry’s distaste for the royal “system” has been widely echoed by his wife Meghan, an advocate of Woke, Left-wing politics that does not sit easily with the very concept of monarchy. Or perhaps he has been the echo of her. After all, it was just two years ago that Harry gatecrashed Meghan’s notorious moanfest interview with Oprah Winfrey to declare: “I was trapped, but I didn’t know I was trapped. But the moment that I met Meg, and our worlds collided in the most amazing of ways, I began to see how trapped I was within the system, like the rest of my family. My father and brother are trapped. They don’t get to leave, and I have huge compassion for that.” It did not seem to occur to him back then that perhaps neither Charles, then the heir to the throne and now His Majesty the King, or William, then second-in-line and now heir apparent as Prince of Wales, saw matters that way. Perhaps, indeed, they regarded their positions in the line of succession as a huge honour as well as a solemn duty to be gladly embraced and were in no need of the younger man’s “compassion”. All this makes it frankly bizarre that Harry and Meghan should this week have put out an official press statement in which they declare that it is the “birthright” of their children Archie and Lilibet to take the titles of royal prince and princess respectively.  “The children’s titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch. This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace,” the statement said. So apparently not such a terrible “system” now, after all. In fact, there is precedent for the grandchildren of a monarch not to take royal titles and for their parents not to wish for them to do so. Princess Anne was clear from the outset that neither of her children, Peter and Zara, would take titles. She never regretted the decision, telling Vanity Fair years later: “I think it was probably easier for them, and I think most people would argue that there are downsides to having titles.” What a sensible perspective. And what a contrast to the histrionic utterances of the Sussex couple. While Peter Phillips and Zara Tindall mix easily in royal circles, both give the impression of being thoroughly grounded human beings. Their mother, now elevated to the title Princess Royal, has never badmouthed the royal system either, throwing herself into her duties over many decades and becoming known as one of the most hardworking of the senior royals. While it is fair to point out that archaic rules mean that the offspring of a male child of a monarch do take titles by right, it would have been perfectly possible for Harry and Meghan to have opted out of that precedent in respect of their own children.  The fact that they chose not to will leave many with the impression that it is the duty side of royal life to which they have a particular aversion, while finding themselves able to tolerate the privileges which are meant to ride in tandem. The same is true in regard to security, which Harry lost when leaving the firm but has lobbied to have restored. It looks to this outside observer that Harry is in danger of foisting upon his children the very aspects that he claimed were a “trap” for him. In this case, one must question the sincerity or at least the maturity of that verdict. Given the fascination in America for royalty, there is no way that Archie and Lilibet can expect to live normal lives and forge normal careers while carrying their royal titles. There will be things they cannot really do that “ordinary” citizens are able to do without a second thought. On the other hand, there will be many doors that open for them that might have remained closed had they grown up as commoners. It is hard to begrudge them that, but it would feel much better were their father to hold his hands up, acknowledge the immaturity and inconsistency of his recent conduct and apologise to his father, his brother and the nation. 