WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Unforgotten season 5 ITV’s acclaimed detective drama series Unforgotten premiered recently with actress Sinéad Keenan joining the cast as Jessie James, replacing Nicola Walker’s Cassie Stuart after she was killed off in the previous outing. Along with Keenan, there were some other new faces joining the cast as the show delved into Jessie’s family life. Viewers left doing a double-take when Jessie’s mother Kate turned up in the first episode with many audience members wondering if she was played by actress Kate Robbins. Yes, actress Robbins, 64, does appear in Unforgotten as a brand-new character. The British star is both an actress and singer, who hit the charts in the 1980s with her single More Than in Love. She has released four albums including Songs from the Pool, Soho Nights, We’re Just Passing Through and a self-titled record. Robbins was married to musician Keith Atack with the couple going their separate way in 2007 after being married for 19 years. READ MORE: Dancing On Ice's The Vivienne sparks concern after nasty fall They had three children together including actress and broadcaster Emily Atack, who is known for her role in The Inbetweeners as well as appearing on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! Robbins is going to be appearing in three episodes of Unforgotten with viewers likely to see more. Kate offered her daughter Jessie a shoulder to cry on in the first episode. Jessie had just discovered her husband Steve James (Andrew Lancel) was playing away and the revelation left her devastated. READ MORE: Unforgotten season 5 featured a major twist in the finale Given Robbins is Jessie’s mother, it’s likely she is going to become a firm part of Unforgotten going forward. Some of Robbins other screen credits include Silent Witness, Midsomer Murders, The Emily Atak Show, After Life on Netflix and EastEnders as Jen Glover. According to IMDb, she will next be starring in Dead on the Vine which is in post-production. Robbins also posted about being part of Unforgotten on social media, sharing a tweet of creator Chris Lang’s tweet confirming the show’s air date. Along with the screen grab, Robbins captioned the post to her 19,000 Instagram followers: “So thrilled to part of this new series of UNFORGOTTEN…starts Monday 27th Feb at 9pm on ITV.” She later posted some behind-the-scenes pictures with her co-star Keenan. Robbins said: “Can’t wait for you to see the new series of #Unforgotten starting Monday 27th Feb on @itv at 9pm. “I’m lucky enough to be playing the mum of DCI Jessie James ( played by the brilliant SineadKeenan ).” Don't miss... Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [LATEST] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [LATEST] Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' [LATEST] Actress Keenan has previously spoke about joining the cast of Unforgotten, saying: “When you come into an established show, it’s very, very different. “And obviously I’d seen the show, and Nicola is brilliant, so I was initially reticent about even reading the scripts. But then I read the scripts, and they were brilliant.” She went on to say: “My fear was, that I didn’t want to be filling a Cassie-shaped hole. But obviously, Chris Lang has created a completely different character with their own storyline, and it’s great. “So I was very glad to have been wrong, essentially. And the whole team behind Unforgotten is really lovely, I have not had an experience like that on any set. It was so smooth. And I could not have been made to feel more welcome. Which was really lovely. So I’m very lucky.” Unforgotten season 5 airs on ITV1 on Mondays at 9pm and the whole series is streaming on ITVX now