Human remains found in a cooking pot and fridge in Hong Kong belonged to model Abby Choi, DNA tests have confirmed. Ms Choi’s skull and ribs were found in a large soup pot while both her legs were found in a fridge at a house in suburban Lung Mei Tsuen, near the border with China. DNA tests were able to identify the body parts as hers, an insider confirmed.    The 28-year-old socialite had a hole in the back of her skull where she was hit during a fatal attack, according to the authorities. Hong Kong police are still searching Hong Kong for the model’s torso and hands as the investigation continues. They have arrested a 29-year-old woman in Shenzhen, mainland China, in connection to the vile killing and dismemberment of Ms Choi – bringing the total arrests to seven. The woman is believed to have assisted another suspect before she fled to mainland China. She was handed to the Hong Kong police at a border control point.  She is accused of organising a boat to help murder suspect,  Alex Kwong, escape the city. Kwong, Choi’s ex-husband, was charged with his father Kwong Kau and brother Anthony Kwong for the murder after the victim’s remains were found. Kwong’s mother, Jenny Li, also faces one count of perverting the course of justice. All four were detained without bail. Two others were arrested on suspicion of assisting the case. Ms Choi, who disappeared February 21, was a popular Instagrammer with 100,000 followers. But police reported she had financial disputes involving tens of millions of Hong Kong dollars with her ex-husband and his family. They say "some people" were unhappy about Choi’s money management. It was discovered today Abby Choi’s mother filed for an injunction to stop her daughter’s father-in-law from selling a HK$73 million luxury flat that Ms Choi allegedly purchased under his name. The killing has surprised many in Hong Kong as the semi-autonomous Chinese city has a very low rate of violent crime. Despite the low rate, there have been several shocking killings committed by organised crime groups. In 1999, a woman was kidnapped and tortured by three gangsters before her death. Her skull was found inside a Hello Kitty doll.