Jurgen Klopp will soon welcome back a potential saviour to Liverpool's season and the German has discussed what he expects from tricky winger Luis Diaz upon his return from injury. The Reds have struggled for form this campaign with many of Klopp's usual suspects performing below their usual standards. Liverpool fans immediately realised that their team had pulled off a shrewd signing when Diaz first took to the pitch following his arrival from Porto in January last year. The 26-year-old wide man took to the Premier League like a duck to water and started last season's Champions League final defeat to Real Madrid. Diaz's momentum carried over into the current campaign, notching five goal contributions in his first eight league matches. But the Reds star suffered knee trouble in October which, so far, has kept him out of action for more than four months. Salt was rubbed into Klopp's wounds when Diaz made a return to training in December, only to get injured again. DON'T MISS: Sterling has already made feelings clear on Arteta amid Arsenal links  The Liverpool boss was recently asked for an update on Diaz's comeback. "I can tell you that the two sessions he had with us in the Dubai training camp, it was like 'oh my god, how good is that'," he told reporters. "Then he was injured again. When he's back he will be really good and very impactful, of course. That's clear. How quickly? I don't know. That's the big challenge in these moments. There is no time for being patient but you have to be patient. READ MORE...Man Utd takeover twist as 'likely' date for Glazers decision emergesMan City 'interested in Chelsea duo' as Bellingham stance emergesArsenal boss Mikel Arteta 'was annoyed with Nuno Tavares behaviour' "I'm positive about him that there's a good chance to have a real impact in 10, 11 or 12 games. But we'll see. It's estimated that he'll be warming up with the team some time next week. Maybe a week later he will be in team training, that would be cool. I think he's not too far away." Liverpool's form has been up-and-down this season with Klopp fending off criticism since the World Cup. Morale-boosting wins over Everton and Newcastle suggested that the team had turned a corner, but results since have taken another turn for the worse. The Reds were humbled by Real Madrid in the Champions League last week, suffering a heavy 5-2 defeat in front of their home crowd at Anfield. They followed that up with a goalless draw at Crystal Palace on Saturday. It remains to be seen whether supporters will get to see Diaz back in action before the end of the month, with huge fixtures against Manchester United and Los Blancos scheduled in the next two weeks.