A "street preacher" from Pennsylvania mysteriously disappeared in 1992 and almost 31 years later she was identified in a nursing home in Puerto Rico, authorities confirmed on Friday. Her discovery has left her family in shock: "I don't believe it", her sister said. Patricia Kopta vanished from her hometown of Pennsylvania in 1992, with seemingly no trace, when she was 52 years old, leaving her husband, siblings and law enforcement bewildered. Authorities later declared her dead after searching and being unable to locate her or any clues to her whereabouts. It has now been revealed that in 1999, she eventually checked into an adult care centre in Puerto Rico, telling the workers she had arrived on the island on a cruise ship from Europe, police said. But as she grew older, Kopta began suffering from dementia and let slip certain details of her previous life to workers, who then got in touch with an Interpol office.  The care home is located around 1,700 miles away from where she went missing. Following her discovery, Kopta's sister Gloria Smith told ABC 7: "I don’t believe it. It was a total shock. We really thought she was dead all those years.” Her husband, Bob Kopta, also spoke about his shock following the discovery of his wife. In a news conference this week, he told reporters: "You wouldn’t believe what we’ve been through. “It’s such a relief to know she’s alive.” READ MORE: Man wrongly locked up for murder finally freed after 38 years Her identity was confirmed through DNA analysis after the care worker got in touch with Interpol officers. Bob recalled the time his wife went missing, saying: "I come home one night and she’s just gone and nobody knows where she’s at. “It’s been going on almost 31 years and it’s been bad. It cost me a lot of money. I even put advertisements down in the paper in Puerto Rico looking for her.” Bob, who is now 83 years old, said he suffered from mental health issues after his wife vanished. Patricia, also known as "Patty" or "The Sparrow", was a local street preacher in the city of Pennsylvania, who had been showing signs of unusual behaviour before she disappeared. Her family have recalled the heartbreaking decades of thinking Patricia had died. Her sister said: "It was hard on all of us because my mother, her [other] sister and myself worried about her constantly." But she added that she hopes to go to Puerto Rico to visit her. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews