ABC’s hit drama The Good Doctor is officially delving into the world of the law with its next episode on the network next week. The backdoor pilot is set to introduce a new plot and pave the way for a spin-off series, The Good Lawyer.  The upcoming episode of The Good Doctor, which will premiere on March 13 will show actress Huffman starring as Janet Stewart, a respected attorney and partner of a law firm. The trailer sees Dr Aaron Glassman (played by Richard Schiff) introduce fans to Janet Stewart, as he brings her in to meet Dr Shaun Murphy (Freddie Highmore). Shaun is seemingly anxious to meet a lawyer after being sued by a patient but Aaron reassures him that Janet is "smart, she's tough, and she'll fight for you". And in what appeared to be a nod to the spin-off, he adds: "When you run a hospital, it's good to know a good lawyer."  However, Janet doesn't get off to a good start when fellow guest co-star and lawyer Joni DeGroot (Kennedy McMann) ends up taking Dr Murphy on as a client. Joni can then be seen asking Shaun: “You’re settling your case? It doesn’t seem right that you should be punished for saving a man’s life.” Joni suffers from OCD which fans come to realise after they see her covering everything in plastic, but Shaun doesn't see this as a bad thing. He explained: “Joni is my lawyer now. She’s smart and because of her OCD she is thorough and understands my situation."  Despite Shaun having trust in his newly-appointed lawyer, Janet isn't confident with his choice as this will be Joni’s first trial. Ahead of the episode’s debut, McMann who is also guest starring alongside Huffman took to social media to remind fans about her appearance in the show. Accompanied by a picture of her and her co-star Highmore posing in a court, the actress wrote: “One week! x." Fans expressed their excitement under the post with @tere_dv9 adding: “I AM BEYOND EXCITED,” with another @dariakiska_ questioning: “Spin-off?”  The episode will mark the first major return to television for Huffman since she served 11 days in prison for her involvement in the 2019 college admissions scandal. The actress famously starred in Desperate Housewives throughout its eight-season run where she earned two Emmy and three Golden Globe nominations, She also starred in the critically-acclaimed ABC shows American Crime and Sports Night as well as the Emmy-winning Netflix series When They See Us. She is also an Oscar nominee, having been nominated for best actress for her role in the film Transamerica.  News of the potential spin-off series was first speculated in August 2022 and later announced in January this year. The Good Lawyer episode has been written by The Good Doctor co-showrunners David Shore and Liz Friedman and directed by Ruben Fleischer. The Good Doctor season 6 continues Monday on ABC in the USA.