Meghan got the "jitters" just moments before she was supposed to tie the knot with fiancé Jon at their video game-inspired bash, surrounded by family and friends. Although not everyone was a fan of the décor amid the increasing chaos on the couple's wild wedding day. Thursday's episode of 1000lb Best Friends was a follow-up from Wednesday's nail-biting cliffhanger which saw Meghan express her doubts about the wedding. The couple, who met more than 10 years ago playing video games, were to wed at their apt gaming-themed ceremony, which was slowly going downhill. Meghan refused to come out in front of guests, leaving confused Jon at the medieval-style altar, wondering where his wife-to-be was hiding. In confessional, pal Vanessa said: "It's insane, here we all are getting ready for a wedding, and we don't even know if it's going to happen." READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail While Jon was standing in front of guests, he admitted in confessional: "Up there waiting, not knowing where Meghan is. "It's a very awkward moment for all my family and friends just sitting there waiting to see what's going to happen next." Cameras flashed to Meghan who admitted: "I don't think this is jitters... I'm freaking out, okay." In her own tearful confessional, she revealed: "I'm in a panic and the more I think about it, I don't know how I'm going to do this. I can't do this." But shortly after the panic settled, pals Tina and Vanessa managed to talk her around as the ceremony continued – something fans had something to say about. Picking on the theme, Twitter user @Reality_ChekPlz blasted: "Yeah so I understand everyone likes what they like…but Megan’s WEDDING gives child’s costume birthday party vibes. "I don’t get the feeling two adults are getting married." While @DaoneandonlyT added: "I hope Meghan didn’t spend a lot on this wedding because I’ve seen better costumes on Amazon." Don't miss... Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] 1000lb Best Friends viewers blast 'beyond boring' TLC show stars  [LATEST] My 600lb Life fans accuse Stephanie of ‘playing the victim’  [LATEST] Fuming @Reality_ChekPlz posted: "Omg and the vows revolve around gaming? Megan Cumpler is 44 yrs old [with] the EQ of a teenaged girl. (sic) "I give her GFs so much credit for gassing her up over this ridiculous ass wedding. It’s just so cringey to me." Account @Princess_Nef added: "That wedding looked so low budget and brokey as it was! Wtf have Meghan & John been doing w/their coin?! "For Meghan to be her big age having that tacky ass wedding!!! Whew chile!" (sic) User @iKLaurenn responded: "This wedding theme is driving me insane. Omg #1000lbBestFriends" While @DeeCee45237754 said: "Why is Megan wasting my time with this wedding? "It has been nothing but stress. Just live together like you have been, what's the big deal?" 1000lb Best Friends season 2 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.