As the sulphurous row intensifies, it is Sir Keir who finds himself on the defensive, stumbling over questions as to when he first approached Ms Gray about the job and what her role will be in the run-up to the next election.  What makes this controversy all the more explosive is that she is no ordinary mandarin. On the contrary, she was until recently the ultimate arbiter of standards at the heart of government as head of the Cabinet Office’s Propriety and Ethics team. Yet she is now under fire for undermining the very code she was employed to uphold. It was in her position as the enforcer of ethical behaviour that she produced the damning report on the so-called “Partygate” scandal at Number 10 under Boris Johnson, in which she highlighted a culture of repeated lockdown breaches in Downing Street during the pandemic. Her report not only helped to bring about the demise of Johnson’s premiership but also contributed to the establishment of the Commons Privileges Committee to investigate his conduct further. Its findings could spell the end of his career as an MP.  Yet now Ms Gray’s report looks hopelessly compromised by her decision to march under Labour’s banner. Johnson and his supporters have always claimed that, just as the Privileges Committee amounts to a witch-hunt, so Sue Gray’s inquiry was a political stitch-up. Now they have the deadly ammunition to back that assertion. As Johnson himself said yesterday of the Privileges Committee’s work, it is “surreal to rely on evidence culled and orchestrated by Sue Gray”. The former Prime Minister is right to feel bitter. But the impact of Ms Gray’s appointment goes far beyond Partygate. The damage she has done to Whitehall’s reputation is enormous, for her step dramatically reinforces the perception that the civil service, even in its top ranks, is riddled with anti-Tory bias.  In her switch to Labour, she has provided support to the charge that our bureaucratic elite is more of a left-wing blob than the smooth “Rolls-Royce machine” that it is fond of boasting about. Even on a purely practical level, Sue Gray will be able to give a host of highly sensitive political information and ministerial secrets to Labour. On those grounds alone, Rishi Sunak and the official appointments committee would be fully justified in blocking her move to the Labour leader’s office. But if he has any sense of honour or respect for civil service impartiality, Starmer himself will see that this job offer is a disastrous mistake. 