On Tuesday’s instalment of BBC Breakfast, presenter Sally Nugent wasn’t in her regular spot on the red sofa next to Jon Kay but outside Downing Street instead. It comes after rugby league legend Rob Burrow met with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to honour his work. BBC Breakfast has been closely following the story of the 40-year-old who has been living with motor neuron disease for nearly four years. Since being diagnosed, Rob has raised huge amounts of money for the MND Association which prime minister Rishi Sunak decided to honour this week. The former sports star was given the 2,000th Points of Light award which recognises outstanding individual people who are making a change within their community. After playing a clip of Sunak giving the award to Burrow, it wasn’t long before BBC Breakfast’s Jon Kay highlighted another special achievement involving the campaigner. READ MORE:Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find He commented: “It’s really striking seeing Rob there with the prime minister, receiving an award for himself yet immediately turning it to others, the community, their families, making it about them. “That’s why he wanted to make that documentary with the BBC Breakfast team, which I need to point out because you won’t, won a big prize last night. “Congratulations to everybody, to Claire and Liv and everybody, brilliant.” Sally replied: “Yeah, the BBC were honoured last night for their work with Rob Burrow in making the documentary that Rishi Sunak actually referenced in that meeting yesterday. “He said he’d been watching parts of the film and was really impressed with the way Rob came across in the documentary. “Last night, very very proud to say our BBC Breakfast team, who worked incredibly hard on that.” Listing a few names that contributed towards the making of the Rob Burrows documentary, Sally told Jon the team was honoured at the sports journalist association for documentary of the year. She continued: “Rob was there with us, he came up on stage and made a brilliant speech and what I loved about last night was Rob as a player would never ever prepare to lose. Don't miss... Channel 4 viewers heartbroken at ‘powerful’ George Michael documentary [LATEST] Prince Harry urged to 'do it for dad' and go to King's coronation [LATEST] David Jason sparks frenzy reuniting with Only Fools and Horses star [LATEST] “There was a certain little twinkle in his eye I think as he got up on stage. “He had everything ready, he had a speech ready, and he was definitely ready to win last night.” Jon informed viewers they’re still able to watch the award-winning documentary about Rob living with motor neuron disease on BBC iPlayer. In the short film, people will get more of an insight into Rob’s life and the love, support and also challenges he faces with his family. Having an intimate look into his journey more than two years after being diagnosed, the documentary follows the former sports star going to a swimming pool with his wife Lindsey and also cheering for his children on school sports day. It marked the second time Rob allowed cameras into his home in order to raise awareness as he released his first documentary the year after being diagnosed which was released in 2020. The powerful insight was shortlisted for a National Television Award back in 2021. BBC Breakfast continues weekdays on BBC One from 6am.