Chelsea have suffered a precipitous downturn in fortunes since Graham Potter replaced Thomas Tuchel at the helm last September. The Blues have fallen to 10th in the Premier League table and are currently 11 points adrift of the Champions League places after winning just six of their 19 top-flight matches under the current boss. And Chelsea fans are torn between three managers to take over the reigns if Potter is ultimately sacked. We asked Express Sport readers for their views on the Chelsea management role amid the club’s woeful campaign. Nearly 10,500 people responded to our poll, with 58 per cent of them conceding that the Blues should wield the axe and put Potter out of his misery. A whopping 26 per cent of Chelsea fans said they want to see Tuchel given a second bite of the cherry to complete the job he started, with 24 per cent of them choosing Zinedine Zidane as the best candidate to take the club forward. And 23 per cent named Mauricio Pochettino as their preferred manager despite the fact the Argentine spent nearly five-and-a-half years across London with Tottenham. All three managers are currently without a club but have illustrated in the past that they have the ability to achieve big things in the game. Read more... Chelsea star Mason Mount urged to snub Liverpool due to two players [LATEST] Tuchel led Chelsea to Champions League glory just four months after taking charge at Stamford Bridge in 2021 and backed that up by guiding the Blues to Club World Cup success last season. But he was dismissed by Todd Boehly following Chelsea’s indifferent start to the current campaign. And the 49-year-old German later explained: “I am devastated that my time at Chelsea has come to an end. This is a club where I felt at home, both professionally and personally. Thank you so much to all the staff, the players and the supporters for making me feel very welcome from the start. “The pride and joy I felt at helping the team to win the Champions League and the Club World Cup will stay with me forever. I am honoured to have been a part of this club’s history and the memories of the last 19 months will always have a special place in my heart.”  Don't miss... Football fan arrested as new footage shows teen two-footing Robertson [LATEST] Arsenal 'to be investigated by FA' over celebrations vs Bournemouth [LATEST] Blackpool fan dies after brawl broke out following Burnley match [LATEST] Zidane, meanwhile, has impressed during two spells in charge of Real Madrid. The 50-year-old former France midfielder led Real to three successive Champions League trophies between 2016 and 2018 and also oversaw two Club World Cup triumphs. He won the La Liga title during both stints in charge at the Bernabeu and would represent an exciting appointment if he did move to the Premier League. Pochettino is yet to win a European competition but helped Tottenham reach the Champions League final in 2019, where they lost to Liverpool. The 51-year-old was able to regularly cement Champions League qualification for Spurs and went on to win the Ligue 1 title and French Cup during an 18-month spell in charge of Paris Saint-Germain. 