Tandem Bank has confirmed increased the total rate available for its instant access savings account. As a result, the financial institution’s “Top Up” rate hike has pushed the account’s interest rate to 3.20 percent for eligible savers. The Top Up rate for Tandem Bank’s instant access savings account was only launched last year. This latest change marks an increase of 0.35 percent, which is on top of the account’s existing 2.85 percent underlying interest rate. According to the bank, the Top Up rate applies to a customer’s account for 12 months from the date of application. It should be noted that this rate hike is only available on Tandem’s instant access savings products when someone opens an account. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance All customers with Tandem Bank will be notified 30 days before the expiration of their Top Up. Any changes to the bank’s Top Up will automatically apply to customers who have it added to their accounts. Ben Mitchell, the director of savings at Tandem Bank, shared why this particular rate interest rate boost is being implemented. He explained: “This latest Top Up rate increase on our instant access savings account is another example of how we are continuing to deliver a leading proposition for our savers, whilst investing in green lending projects and initiatives right across the country.” Among the savings products offered by Tandem Bank, include instant access and one, two, three and five-year fixed rate deals. These accounts are “competitively” priced and feature on many best buy tables, according to the bank. This latest intervention from Tandem Bank comes after a wave of interest hikes from digital and high street banks. These institutions are responding to the Bank of England’s decision to raise the base rate which has had an impact on savings accounts. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing The base rate has been increased ten consecutive times in the last year and now sits at four percent. This has been partially passed onto the savings interest rates of various products from banks and building societies. Further interest rate increases are likely as the Bank of England attempts to mitigate the damage of inflation on the economy. Rio Stedford, a financial planning expert at Quilter, outlined the reality for the majority of savers in the UK. She said: “Saving rates in isolation don’t mean anything, to get the full picture they must be tested against the current rate of inflation. “If that is even close to double figures it’s unlikely even the best savings account will deliver anything other than a real terms loss. “It’s easy for heads to be turned by very attractive cash savings rates but in reality it’s one of the worst times ever to be in cash. “Superficially the headline savings rates have increased but the gulf between the Consumer Price Index and the Bank of England base rate means that people’s cash is decaying at an alarming rate.”