The Baltimore Ravens may block Lamar Jackson from entering free agency by using their franchise tag, but not in the conventional way that was expected. Jackson is still yet to resolve his future after rejecting a five-year $250m (£208.5m) deal with the Ravens last season, forcing the franchise to either tag the quarterback or allow him to enter free agency with his current deal set to expire. With other large contracts being signed around the NFL, Jackson's rejection was a clear message to the franchise as he was keen on an even bigger deal. But rather than just tag him in the conventional sense, ESPN's Jeremy Fowler has reported that the Ravens may use a non-exclusive tag instead. The non-exclusive tag would allow other teams to offer Jackson a contract, which would then allow the Ravens to either match it or decline in exchange for two first-round picks. According to Fowler, several people across the NFL believe the Ravens have 'strongly considered' using their non-exclusive tag instead to maximise their options moving forward. They won't want to lose Jackson, but if another team offers more than they are willing to spend, it will allow them to at least pick up some valuable compensation. It's also a good way of seeing what other franchises think he is worth, and they can then gauge whether to match their offer or let him go. Jackson is still seen as a generational talent, but the 26-year-old has picked up some crucial injuries in the last 24 months, which may have made the Ravens more cautious about drastically increasing their offer. It was Tyler Huntley that finished the season for the Ravens as Jackson was again out injured, and he nearly caused an upset in the play-offs as they went close against the Cincinnati Bengals. Ravens head coach John Harbaugh is keen to have Jackson stick around though, as he's a huge fan of the 26-year-old. Don't miss... Chicago Bears to trade No.1 draft pick with NFL teams on high alert [LATEST] New Orleans Saints sign Derek Carr in vengeful move to former team [JUST IN] Las Vegas Raiders 'expected' to pursue surprise Derek Carr replacement [RUMOUR] "You know I love Lamar," he said before the end of the 2022 season. "I love everything about Lamar. Always have, always will." Ravens fans do too, but the quarterback is driving a hard bargain by rejecting such a sizeable offer. Deals elsewhere across the league have caused some unrest after DeShaun Watson signed a fully guaranteed, five-year, $230m (£189m) deal with the Cleveland Browns. Aaron Rodgers also penned a mammoth $150m ($125m) deal with the Green Bay Packers, and Jackson clearly feels as though he's now worth more than what the Ravens have offered.