Thomas Forrester is a firm part of BBC antiques gameshow Bargain Hunt. The show airs today (March 2) on BBC One at 11.15pm. This time the programme will be heading to the Royal Cornwall Showground in Wadebridge. Host Charlie Ross will be joined by experts Thomas and Tim Weeks, who will be helping the contestants by offering advice on items. The two teams - the reds and blues - will be each given £300 to spend on three items. They will be hoping to find some treasures which they will take to auction to go under the hammer and hopefully make a profit. Viewers watching the programme are keen to know more about Thomas, who used to be an auctioneer in Bath before he was invited to appear on Bargain Hunt. Thomas’ specialities are in silver, ceramics, jewellery as well as modern art and design. READ MORE: Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring Thomas is an auctioneer and has been the director of Special Auction Service (SAS), a specialist firm of auctioneers which provides services to both sellers and buyers. They have salesrooms are in Newbury and SAS also do online auctions. He has been the company’s director since 2006 and had 10 years experience in the auction and antiques industry when he took up position. Thomas started out as a porter and moved up to an auctioneer and valuer while working at an auction house in Bath. His work for SAS would have helped to build up his net worth but this would then have been boosted after appearing on Bargain Hunt and his other television work. With his growing public profile, Thomas’ net worth would continue to rise with the antiques expert also open for public speaking events. According to The Parentage and Popular Net Worth, Thomas has an estimated net worth of £835,000 ($1million). Speaking about going into antiques, Thomas previously told the BBC: “I grew up on a farm and we were beef farmers, I loved the cattle auctions and always admired the job of the auctioneer. “I asked my father why the auctioneer was taking the auction in guineas, he explained the guinea is worth more than one pound and what is left over belongs to the man with the gavel!” Thomas went on to say: “However, I have been very lucky in that my grandmothers played a huge part in my love of old things. “One was an architect, and the other was in the WRAF - in WWII and was a massive fan of antiques and auctions from very early on and she would take me to the local saleroom.” Growing up, Thomas said he had lots of different career ambitions including a soldier, dancer and chef, among many other professions. He said: “However I always knew I wanted to be an auctioneer, so if I wasn’t in the trade I would be an out of work actor! I just wouldn’t feel comfortable in any other role.” Interestingly, Thomas was originally called Thomas Plant before going by his new surname Forrester. In a tweet from 2018, the Special Auction Service Twitter account shared a post, which read: “Check out our Thomas and @thekatebliss on BBC Bargain Hunt Christmas Special 2018. “Today on @BBCOne 12.15. Who will be victorious at @HansonsUK auction? #BBCBargainHunt #ChristmasJumper #auction #reds.” The post shared a link to the Bargain Hunt episode but one fan was left confused and replied underneath. DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark [VIDEO]Clarkson's Farm star receives £34,000 as fans rally to support farmer [UPDATE]Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 [INSIGHT] Bargain Hunt fan Sandra Whittaker said: “Has Tom changed his name from Plant to Forrester? Expected to see someone new and there was TP!!” The Special Auction Service Twitter account said: “Thomas has been Thomas Forrester for some time now so to avoid any further confusion he decided it was high time his details were updated. “Of course, those of you who know him as Thomas Plant will always call him as such, for the avoidance of doubt he is in fact one in the same!” Sadly, it’s not clear why he changed his name but Express.co.uk has reached out to Thomas’ company Special Auction Service for comment. Bargain Hunt airs on BBC One today at 11.15am