Gary Lineker was tonight booed by an audience on GB News when Nigel Farage mentioned him during his live show in Bolton. The Match of the Day host has been at the centre of a BBC impartiality row after criticising the Government's "cruel" plans to curb migrant Channel crossings. The football pundit was booed by audience members when Mr Farage brought him up during his show, which was broadcast from the town in the North West. The moment unfolded when Martyn Cox, the Tory leader of Bolton Council, suggested that the UK should withdraw from the European Convention on Human Rights. Mr Farage said: "Well, Gary Lineker doesn't agree with you does he?" The GB News presenter's comment sparked booes and laughter from the audience. Mr Cox replied: "Can we agree not to mention his name again, Nigel?" Mr Farage said: "No, I'm enjoying it very much." Mr Lineker sparked the row on Tuesday when he responded to a video on Twitter in which Home Secretary Suella Braverman Braverman discussed the Illegal Migration Bill. He wrote: “There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. “This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the ’30s.” But the BBC's highest-paid star has refused to back down over the tweet despite calls for him to be sacked. Taking to Twitter earlier, the 62-year-old said he looked forward to presenting his show this weekend. He also hit out at senior Conservative Penny Mordaunt after she used a Commons appearance to accuse Labour of borrowing from the "playbook" of the ex-England striker. She said: "They are a party of goal hangers and the occasional left-wing striker, hanging around the goal mouth, poised to seize any opportunities and to take an easy shot. "But that only works if the ball is in the right half. This country doesn't need goal hangers, it needs centre forwards." Mr Lineker responded on Twitter: "Thank you for mentioning me in your clumsy analogy. I'm just happy to have been better in the 6 yard box than you are at the dispatch box. Best wishes." Meanwhile, Mrs Braverman today accused Mr Lineker of diminishing the tragedy of the Holocaust. The Home Secretary said she found his comments "offensive" because her husband is Jewish. She told the BBC's Political Thinking podcast: "My children are therefore directly descended from people who were murdered in gas chambers during the Holocaust. "To kind of throw out those kind of flippant analogies diminishes the unspeakable tragedy that millions of people went through and I don't think anything that is happening in the UK today can come close to what happened in the Holocaust. "So I find it a lazy and unhelpful comparison to make." A BBC spokesman said: “The BBC has social media guidance, which is published. Individuals who work for us are aware of their responsibilities relating to social media. We have appropriate internal processes in place if required.” 