Tottenham Hotspur defender Ben Davies has shared the dressing room's relief to have Antonio Conte back in the fray. Conte reportedly returned on Sunday at the end of a disastrous weekend that saw Spurs crash out of the FA Cup and lose ground in the top-four battle. Tottenham have started preparations for Wednesday's crunch Champions League clash against AC Milan, trailing 1-0 after defeat at the San Siro. Assistant Cristian Stellini has overseen huge wins over Manchester City and Chelsea in Conte's absence while he's recovered from gallbladder surgery in Italy. But his charm faded this week as Spurs tasted defeat at Championship Sheffield United and lost 1-0 again against Wolves on Saturday. And Davies has revealed the squad is delighted to regain Conte's guidance in time for their Champions League last 16 decider, likely Spurs' final chance for silverware this season. He said: "We're really looking forward to getting him back. It's been a while now, but we have a huge game Wednesday, and it is very important he is with us. JUST IN: Arsenal may have proved Gary Neville spot on vs Bournemouth  "It's obviously very strange, but we've been in very capable hands with Cristian Stellini. "The manager wasn't too far away. He's been there as a point of contact. It will be good to have him back." Tottenham were wasteful at Molineux, while Pedro Porro and Son Heung-min both struck the woodwork, presenting an opportunity for Newcastle United and Liverpool. They are just four points ahead of Newcastle, having played two more games, and Liverpool have also closed the gap in recent weeks. DON'T MISS Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plansLiverpool and Man City could win with 15 Chelsea stars 'facing chop'Billionaire NBA and McLaren chief 'eyeing Everton takeover' When asked whether a top-four finish would represent success this term, Davies somewhat agreed but stressed that trophies will always be the priority. "It's a tough question. Our ambitions are obviously a bit more than that. We want to win trophies. We've let that slip this year," Davies explained. "Champions League is a good achievement. That's where the club wants to be year in, year out. That has to be our baseline. "It's one of those things. We have an opportunity to put things right very quickly. We hope to do that Wednesday." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here