Crown Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel of Sweden married on June 19, 2010, in Stockholm Cathedral. However, the Crown Princess broke tradition on her wedding day. As a sign of equality, according to Swedish custom, the bride and groom must walk down the aisle together. However, Victoria decided to have her father walk her down the aisle at her wedding, which is customary in many modern cultures. But Swedish media reported this at the time as the bride wanting her father to "give her away" as property. Archbishop Anders Wejryd of the Swedish church, who married the couple, even released a statement. He said: "Being given away is a new phenomenon which occasionally occurs in the Church of Sweden. "I usually advise against it, as our marriage ceremony is so clear on the subject of the spouses’ equality. The couple know where I stand on this matter."  The King was "leading the heir to the nation’s throne to the altar – and to the man who has been accepted", according to Nina Eldh, a spokesman for the Royal Court, who defended the decision at the time. King Carl XVI Gustaf and Crown Princess Victoria did not proceed down the aisle together. Instead, they parted ways with Prince Daniel and then resumed their journey together. It's possible that this was done as a compromise.  Nonetheless, the Crown Princess looked lovely in her Pär Engsheden wedding gown, which featured an A-line skirt, an off-the-shoulder neckline, and a V-shaped back. The bridal outfit was made of duchess silk satin in a cream colour. The dress was fastened with silk-covered buttons in the back with a v-shaped opening where the rounded collar had been turned down all the way around. Victoria's waist was emphasised with a sash in the shape of a cummerbund, and it appears that the sash was perhaps detachable from the dress. They spent a lot of time outside throughout the day, so the short sleeves were ideal for staying modest in the church as well as for the warm June weather. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby The skirt itself had a brief train that was manageable for dancing and the reception. Victoria, the Crown Princess, donned the customary Swedish wedding veil. The lace veil of Queen Sofia was originally worn in 1932, and Queen Silvia wore it for her wedding in 1976. She donned a garment with a five-meter train that was fastened at the waist, and the same gold tiara that Queen Silvia wore to her wedding in 1976.  Victoria further wore the matching bracelet and earrings for the tiara. Victoria proudly displayed her white gold ring with a round diamond solitaire when she was proposed to by her personal trainer Daniel Westling in 2009. She may have also broken with tradition with her engagement ring, as earlier generations of Swedish royals used plain gold bands. The Swedish couple is parents to Princess Estelle, 11, and Prince Oscar, seven. 