Liverpool midfielder Naby Keita reportedly could hand the club a significant boost in their bid to sign Jude Bellingham in the summer transfer window. The Reds will look for any advantage possible as they jostle for position with Manchester City and Real Madrid for Bellingham's signature. Borussia Dortmund are expected to host the summer's most high-profile transfer battle for the 19-year-old midfielder. Liverpool are considered among the three frontrunners, with Barcelona, Manchester United and Paris Saint-Germain outsiders. The Anfield giants already have one ace up their sleeve, with Jurgen Klopp's positive relationship with Dortmund bound to serve him well in negotiations. And they could have another in the form of Keita, who is set to leave on a free transfer when his contract expires in July. According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Dortmund are eyeing a summer swoop for the Guinean, who can currently sign a pre-contract agreement with an overseas club. JUST IN: Man Utd stars could earn huge payday with bonuses for quadruple  He has reportedly already decided to leave Liverpool at the end of the season and also has suitors in Inter Milan and RB Leipzig. But with Dortmund understood to be scouring the market for Bellingham's replacement, Keita joining the Black and Yellows would almost certainly boost Liverpool's chances. The report claims that Keita's representatives have already held talks with Dortmund, and interest in the 28-year-old is growing. Liverpool boss Klopp is looking to refresh his midfield options this summer, with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner also set to become free agents. And there aren't many midfielders more in-demand than Bellingham in Europe after his meteoric rise to prominence for club and country. DON'T MISS Mount's true feelings on Chelsea contract emerge as Liverpool close inArsenal and Man Utd to lose out on Rice as Man City have trump cardRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears He only left boyhood club Birmingham City for the Bundesliga in 2020 and has already made 120 Dortmund appearances, scoring 20 goals and registering 24 assists. Bellingham has earned 22 caps for England in just over two years and was a crucial member of Gareth Southgate's Qatar World Cup squad. Klopp's ageing midfield has been one of his most prominent problems in a tumultuous season, but Bellingham has already proven his credentials to level up any team he walks into for the next decade plus. Already a Dortmund vice-captain as a teenager, it comes as no surprise that Liverpool face competition from Europe's other heavyweights. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here