David Haye has appeared to take a swipe at Una Healy after The Saturdays singer split from a ‘throuple’ relationship with the former boxing champion. Speculation has been rife in recent months that Haye has been enjoying a three-way relationship with Healy and his girlfriend Sian Osborne. Haye sparked the ‘throuple’ rumours when sharing snaps of a luxury New Year trip to Marrakesh, Morocco, with both Healy and Osborne. And the 42-year-old shared a well-wishing post with the trio together on Valentine’s Day last month. But Irish singer Healy has distanced herself from the rumours that she is involved in a romantic relationship with the retired heavyweight after confirming last week that she was single. And Haye has broken his own silence on the rumoured split with an apparent dig at Healy in his most recent Instagram post. He was seen partying at the SXM festival in Saint Martin in the Caribbean with three other women. Don't miss... Haye responds to Ryan after comedian DM'd to ask if he's in a throuple [LATEST] And he suggested that he was open to finding a replacement for Healy in his relationship with Osborne, 30, during the electronic music festival. Haye wrote: “We experienced an unexpected opening in our team, but the invigorating atmosphere at the @sxmfestival ensures that we'll soon have a full roster.” Fans were quick to comment on Haye’s post, as one wrote: “Has David haye gone from a trouple to a quintet!” Another replied “Here he goes, recruiting a replacement for his Thruple,” while a third joked "Man said a full roster." Don't miss... Usyk's promoter says Fury is 'trying to escape' fight with demands [LATEST] Tyson Fury slammed for 'taking the p***' by Bellew in Usyk comparison [LATEST] Tommy Fury set for second big payday as KSI makes Jake Paul plea [LATEST] Haye’s post comes after Healy confirmed that she was single and focusing her time on her two children. “I am single and raising my two children,” she explained in a recent interview with the Irish Mirror. “Just like many other single parents – both men and women – doing a great job. I am a single parent, I don't like the term single mother as it has negative connotations. "You can't do it all by yourself, there is no shame in asking for help, be that from childcare, family or friends."