Homeowners are being warned that some videos on social media platforms are using dangerous techniques that should not be used at home. It comes as the hashtag “CleanTok” has become popular on the social media app TikTok, raking up an impressive 68.1 billion views. On the popular app, people post cleaning videos with the CleanTok hashtag where they can be seen using different cleaning techniques and products around the home. However, following the latest viral TikTok trend, homeowners are being warned of five cleaning products they should never mix to avoid creating harmful chemical reactions. Ben Slater from Online-Bedrooms said: “CleanTok is a really big community on TikTok which is great - users share their tips for achieving a sparkling clean home but there are some concerns. “People find it really satisfying watching creators mix together several cleaning products in an attempt to deep clean their homes but there is actually some danger that they’re creating really harmful and acidic chemicals. “Everyone should familiarise themselves with which cleaning products they should never mix to avoid accidentally creating dangerous combinations in their home which could be harmful to them and their families. READ MORE: ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert “Try to avoid mixing cleaning products altogether, if you accidentally mix a harmful combination, evacuate the home and get out into the fresh air. “If you’ve inhaled the chemicals or are experiencing difficulty breathing or excessive coughing, call 111 for medical advice.” These are the cleaning products you should never mix: Bleach and vinegar should never be mixed together as they can create chlorine gas. Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [LATEST] Household staple ‘kills’ algae on patios ‘without scrubbing’ [INSIGHT] Bring ‘yellowed’ bed sheets ‘back to life’ with 4p kitchen staple [ANALYSIS] When used separately, they are great disinfectant products that can banish mould, limescale and stains. However, combining them can lead to coughing, difficulty breathing and watery eyes. Mixing bleach and ammonia creates a toxic gas called chloramine which can cause chest pains and shortness of breath. These products are best used separately for cleaning toilets, tubs, sinks and more. READ MORE: Five money-saving ironing alternatives - including mattress press Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There’s nothing worse than a bad smell emanating from a drain, however, you should never use multiple drain cleaners to banish the odour. Mixing together drain cleaners is extremely harmful. Instead, use one and follow the instructions carefully. Mixing multiple products in the toilet will not make it cleaner than if you just used one. In fact, mixing together bleach and toilet cleaner can be dangerous and can create chlorine gas which can irritate the eyes and cause breathing problems. Baking soda and vinegar can be mixed together to clean certain items like ovens and drains. Separately, they are also brilliant cleaning items that can be used to remove limescale and clean grout. However, when mixed together they react creating a foam. When mixed in a small container together, this can cause a mini explosion.