An 82-year-old woman buried her neighbour’s dog alive after complaining it wouldn’t stop barking. The dog, Nina, was buried in a dug-up hole in the ground and was found alive in the garden in the Brazilian municipality of Planura.  Shocking footage shows the dog emerging from a hole in the ground after its owner's neighbour buried it alive. The owner of the dog told police that her neighbour had recently had an argument with her. During the confrontation, the 82-year-old woman told the dog owner that she has become sick of the dog’s barking. She further explained that the elderly woman had told her she had dug a hole in the garden and buried the pooch because its barking was keeping her up at night.   Shocked to hear her claims, the worried 33-year-old rushed to her back garden to find her dog. In the garden, she noticed an area of soil that had been recently disturbed and immediately began digging with a hoe. The owner digs out her dog and the elderly neighbour reportedly said, while watching the ordeal unfold nearby: “Don't let her come over here anymore.” It is been reported that the dog had spent an hour and a half buried alive before she was rescued and taken to a vet. READ MORE: Jersey gives French tourists day pass entry after ferry threat However, the neighbour had no regrets. She reportedly told police under questioning that she would "bury it again". Local media report that she has been remanded in custody and accused of mistreatment of animals. Meanwhile, a man was severely injured with his nose completely bitten off his face when two pit bulls attacked him outside his house.  Don't miss... UK announces new military base in north of Norway  [LATEST] Putin forced to use ‘Frankenstein’ tanks with units in perilous state [SPOTLIGHT] Mae Muller to be UK’s official entry in Eurovision Song Contest 2023 [INSIGHT] The dogs were at the front door of Marcus Kizaza's home in North Fort, Texas, where his two children and wife were inside. The pitbulls appeared friendly but suddenly they attacked him and he tried to get rid of the pair by running down the street before emergency services arrived. 