 Mrs Brown’s Boys follows the antics of Agnes Brown (played by Brendan O'Carroll) who intervenes in her family and friends' lives with a series of hilarious blunders along the way. Now, the BBC has confirmed viewers will see four new episodes of the sitcom, the first mini-series run since 2013.    The hit series, which is created by the show’s main actor Brendan O’Carroll, has kept audiences entertained for many years with the hilarious mishaps of the beloved Irish “Mammy”. Despite it being a staple on the TV schedule during the festive season, it’s been a decade since a new series of the sitcom was produced. However, the BBC has confirmed Mrs Brown’s Boys is set to return with a much-anticipated commission for a fourth mini-series. Although since the announcement, the BBC has faced a wave of backlash from viewers who believe the show has run its course. READ MORE:James Martin apologises to Jamie Oliver after sneaky admission on air   Taking to Twitter to air their frustration, @mjCurnow commented: “Really? It stopped being funny part way through series 1.” @Mikepriestley13 added: “I actually used to like Mrs Browns Boys but it’s definitely run its course in my eyes. Shame BBC didn’t get that memo tho” @Ady1975 swiped: “They may as well just show 4 episodes of the test card or a funeral or two. That’d be funnier.” @Headsashed55 tweeted: “Seriously, this is the most unfunny programme I've ever seen, how have they not axed this yet”   As @Thenoikz commented: “The BBC continues to show just how hopeless it is these days.” However, there were fans of the BBC comedy who were thrilled with the news that there will be new episodes airing soon. Twitter user @Liamfjournalist said: “Absolutely made-up. I actually don’t understand why so many people hate it? "Maybe because they don’t like having a laugh? That’s my guess. Yes, the show hasn’t been at its best, but don’t write it off just yet…” DON'T MISS... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [INSIGHT] Coronation Street star shares reason Amy stays quiet after rape [SOAP] Love Island fans demand Casey leave as they fume over Claudia's exit [REACTION]   Although a release date is yet to be announced, it’s confirmed filming will start in spring with transmission slated for later this year. The last time viewers saw Mrs Brown and the other hilarious characters in the show was on Christmas Day in 2022 with Shining Mammy and New Year’s Day in 2023 with Mammy's Hair Loom. Speaking about the new commission, creator Brendan O’Carroll revealed the upcoming mini-series was meant to happen two years ago. He said: “This mini-series was actually planned for 2021. Having been thwarted twice, firstly by COVID-19 and then by a post-Covid shortage of studios.   “It's fantastic to, at last, have the chance to make it happen. Fasten your seatbelts and hold onto your hats!” Echoing Brendan’s excitement, Head of Comedy Executive Producer Josh Cole said: “There’s no one quite like Mrs Brown. “An absolute force of outrageous wit and slapstick that has audiences hooked and belly laughing. It’s great to be back.” All 43 previous episodes of the sitcom are available to enjoy on BBC iPlayer whilst viewers await the new mini-series. 