Kate Middleton and Prince William live at Adelaide Cottage on the royal Windsor estate with Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four. The family lived at Kensington Palace before this, which was right in the hustle and bustle of London. In comparison, Adelaide Cottage is a lot more secluded and offers the family a more private life. With their private life, however, comes a lot of security. It has been reported that the Windsor property has a designated gatehouse and numerous security gates for guests to pass through before entering the home. Kate and William's home is situated within the Windsor estate where the castle is, meaning that it is basically hidden among all the grand properties. In addition, "there are seven gated entrances and exits to Windsor Castle," according to the Daily Mail. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims  The inside of Adelaide Cottage has only been seen once when the Princess of Wales conducted a video call from her living room sofa to mark Addiction Awareness Week in 2022. The fact that no other glimpses inside the property have been seen shows the lengths that Kate and William are going to in order to keep their family life private. Suzanne Roynon, a leading interiors therapist and Feng Shui consultant spoke to Express.co.uk to explain why Adelaide Cottage was a good choice for the Prince and Princess of Wales. She claimed: "William and Kate clearly value their privacy and want their children, George, Charlotte and Louis to have a wonderful, safe and happy childhood. Don't miss... Royal fans are divided over Sarah Ferguson's £1,555 jacket [STYLE] Queen Camilla is in Colchester wearing a Fiona Clare coat [PICTURES] Princess Beatrice dons a 'Fergie bow' leaving royal fans 'obsessed' [ROYAL] "For this, they looked for a home which nurtures and supports the royal couple and their children whilst providing the security and normality of family life. "Adelaide Cottage, nestled in Windsor Great Park and just 10 minutes from Windsor Castle, is receiving a lot of attention as the latest Royal Grace and Favour home for the Waleses. "Built in 1831, the exterior of the property appears largely unchanged since that time. This and the available history suggest it falls into the category of ‘Good for People but Bad for Money’." The expert gave some insight into Adelaide Cottage's previous tenants. READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims  Ms Roynon continued: "The most recent tenant, Simon Rhodes, son of the Queen’s dear friend and cousin Margaret Rhodes, was deprived of a legacy due to a codicil in his late mother’s will. "As their place in the Royal Family means money won’t ever be an issue for William and Kate, and in any case, any negative energy in the property can be remedied with good Feng Shui, Adelaide Cottage promises to be a happy family home for the Prince and Princess where their marriage and children can thrive." But Ms Roynon claimed there is another negative aspect to Adelaide Cottage, and it's to do with the late Princess Margaret. She opined: "There’s just one piece of history which made me question this finding. Adelaide Cottage was the home of Group Captain Peter Townsend along with his wife and sons from 1944 to 1952 when the couple divorced.  "In 1951, when the friendship between Peter Townsend and Princess Margaret is said to have developed into intimacy and his marriage ended, Adelaide Cottage was in what’s known in Feng Shui as a ‘one year people lock’. "Although Peter Townsend was seldom there due to his responsibility to the King, this would have put immense pressure on his wife and marriage. "A 'people lock' can trigger one crisis after another in an un-remedied home, and would explain how the energy in the property changed in February 1951. "Fortunately there’s no reason this situation need ever be repeated. With good Feng Shui and by implementing remedies to balance any negative energy, despite the history of divorce, Adelaide Cottage has the potential to be a wonderful family home filled with love, laughter and an abundance of happiness." 