A key figure in the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBoC) has admitted the explosive Conor Benn saga may force the authority to change its future regulations. The second generation star has been cleared by the World Boxing Council (WBC) over his two failed drugs tests last year, that scuppered his proposed bout with Chris Eubank Jnr. That's despite Benn, 26, still at odds with the authority over their reasoning. Admitting to Piers Morgan he had suffered suicidal thoughts during the saga, he insisted the fault lay with the testing laboratory, and not with his consumption of contaminated eggs, as cited by the WBC. But despite their findings, Benn remains subjected to an investigation by the BBBoC. Despite handing a 270-page document to the WBC outlining his apparent innocence, the unbeaten star has declined to present the same evidence to the British organisation. And unless he is also found innocent in their findings, he will remain banned from competing in the UK. BBBoC general secretary Robert Smith had defended their handling of the case, but also conceded the saga may prompt a policy review. JUST IN: Jake Paul surpasses Deontay Wilder as wet dream blamed for Tommy Fury defeat "Maybe we have to change," Smith admitted, on the George Groves Boxing Club podcast, with the interview to be aired in full next Monday. "Once this case is finished maybe we have to change our regulations with regard to that. "I think our regulations currently cover it but maybe they need to be tweaked. You can argue against any regulation you want to but we are satisfied that we've done is right." Don't miss... Usyk dumfounded Polish security as boxer drove into Kyiv during war [LATEST] Joshua shows true colours with personal view on Usyk defeat [LATEST] Anthony Joshua hit with dedication dig over 'blue chip' sponsors  [LATEST] Promoter Eddie Hearn has previously vowed that Benn will fight again in 2023, with the boxer himself telling Morgan he wants to jump straight back into big fights. And it appears he may now be in line for a non-UK fight with a boxing legend. Manny Pacquiao's manager Sean Gibbons has touted the pair to square off in Abu Dhabi in June. The date is already pencilled in as a Matchroom event, with Deontay Wilder also expected to be on the card.