In the first housing market review of 2023, Move iQ’s Phil Spencer was joined by three property experts from different corners of the UK housing market to hear what they’re seeing and predicting as we continue into 2023. Joining Phil in his first face-to-face panel chat for Move iQ’s Property Podcast since the pandemic was Nathan Emerson, the CEO of Propertymark, the professional body and regulator for estate and letting agents; Gareth Samples, the CEO of The Property Franchise Group; the UK's second largest multi-brand sales and lettings agency, and Tim Bannister; the director of property science and innovation at Rightmove. The four property experts discussed everything from regional variations, the rental market, the importance of stability and their predictions for the rest of the year. After two years of record-breaking house price rises and a red-hot housing market, it appears the UK property market has cooled off. Concerns regarding the cost of living crisis coupled with political uncertainty appear to have had an effect on buyer sentiment. However, despite these concerns, Phil claimed so far 2023 has been “better than expected” for the housing market. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p He explained: “The market is better than we expected as we enter 2023 and things appear to have settled down...this is good because uncertainty is the killer of any market it doesn’t matter what you’re trading in, nobody likes uncertainty. “Especially when dealing with something so expensive and so important as property - our home is everything to us.” Nathan said there has been a slight “softening” in the market with more viewings taking place per sale that’s agreed. But the property expert claimed this is something they “expected to see”. During 2022’s “frenzied” housing market, there were often multiple offers on properties well above the asking price with some estate agents resorting to sealed bids in order to secure the best price. However, Nathan said the housing market is now at a stage where people are starting to offer on properties and are not necessarily paying the asking price. DON'T MISSGardeners share ‘instant’ natural method to kill paving weeds [INSIGHT]‘Increase the size’ of orchid blooms with popular bath item [UPDATE]Neighbours fume as homeowner could possibly keep 'eyesore' extension [ANALYSIS] Looking ahead to the next six months, Nathan, Tim and Gareth shared their housing market predictions. The Propertymark CEO said he thought we could start to see a return to normal market conditions with the market continuing to strengthen. He said: “We’ve got some areas at the minute that are still massively busy, we've got other areas which have gone very, very quiet. “That rebalancing is taking place and I think with the current momentum that's going through the pipelines we're probably going to see that flow through over the next six months. I’m not worried [and] I’m not concerned.” Gareth agreed with Nathan, claiming he is “pretty optimistic” about the rest of the year. READ MORE: We’ve been spared a house price crash so far. That's about to change Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He said the current figures we’re seeing, which reflect the first six weeks of the year, have been “encouraging”. He’s expecting these figures to build and reflect a more normal market which usually peaks in Easter through until August/September and then quietens down in the last quarter of the year. “The next six months should be a good time. We should be seeing good levels of instructions, good levels of sales agreed, the lettings market continuing to be very buoyant and agents readjusting to the new normal,” he added. Tim, who looks at data trends at Rightmove, agreed that it has been an “encouraging start” to the year and that the market is heading back to “2019 levels”. The property expert said demand is returning, sales are occurring and encouragingly, first-time buyer sales of smaller properties are continuing. He said: “It is early days - we’re in February. The spring selling season is going to be critical and that will be about how things are going to go. But encouraging signs at the moment perhaps a little better than many people thought they would be. “We think prices are going to be about two percent below where they were at the end of last year in the sales market.”