Frankie Bridge had a pricey two-week hotel stay with an estimated cost of over £3,000 as she awaited her husband Wayne's exit from the I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! jungle back in 2016. Though her former footballer husband was battling cockroaches at the time, and was forced to sleep in a hammock in the wilderness, Frankie thought it was her own hotel stay which failed to live up to required standards. She'd been at the five-star Palazzo Versace Gold Coast resort, which was designed in partnership with the multimillion-pound designer fashion brand Versace. Its website boasts that the venue is "the definition of luxury, glamour and sophistication" - but Frankie begged to differ. "There were no cushions. When we asked for cushions, they kinda rolled their eyes," she claimed. She added that when they finally arrived, "it was like the moths had had them". READ NOW: Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint Though the website mentions its "spectacular architecture, Italian furnishings [and] extraordinary service", Frankie proved difficult to please. Her jaw also dropped at the price of extras when eating. "Adam Thomas’s wife asked for a pot of ketchup for her little one and it was $2 (£1.12)," she exclaimed. She continued: "There was a Christmas tree made of teddy bears and you would get loads of coaches turning up – people would pile out, have a picture in front of the tree and then leave!" The Saturdays star, who had been speaking to host Alan Carr on his podcast Life's A Beach, was even unhappy with the coffee, claiming that it took two hours to arrive. ITV no longer places partners of I'm A Celebrity contestants at the hotel, having switched to the Marriott Gold Coast last year instead. However, there is no suggestion that their decision is related to Frankie's disappointing experience. Now Frankie has had a taste of the wilderness after appearing on I'm A Celebrity herself back in 2021 - something which her husband found "entertaining". DON'T MISS... Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’ [LATEST] Kate Garraway shares horrendous costs of Derek's care [DETAILS] Matt Hancock no longer in I'm A Celeb WhatsApp group, says Babatunde [INSIGHT]  He gloated at the time that he intended to give her a difficult time when it came to eating unpleasant foods. "I’ll be voting for Frankie to do every single challenge, don’t you worry - not that I want her to suffer!" he exclaimed. "I think she’ll struggle with the eating trial. We did a little one for her here, and I gave her ketchup, which she hates," the former football icon continued. "She was retching afterwards and then was almost sick!" "Then there was Nesquik powder, which she spat out, and chocolate custard, which she hated," he told ITV. However, fortunately for Frankie, the experience was a little closer to home, in Wales. The location meant that there was less chance of exotic creepy crawlies or, as in last year's challenges, kangaroo testicles. Frankie was considered a good enough sport to reach the final in 2021, eventually finishing third - and many were vocal at the time about believing she should have landed the winner's title. Her full interview with Alan Carr can be found here.