Florida Governor Ron DeSantis would strike a UK-US trade deal within months of entering the White House, a Republican strategist has told Express.co.uk. Greg Swenson, chair of Republicans Overseas UK, also claimed that the potential Grand Old Party nominee for 2024 was right to criticise the UK Government's handling of Brexit.  He said: "If he gets in office he will have a trade deal done within months." Swenson added: "He will be very much like Donald Trump, pro-UK, pro-Brexit and so its a great opportunity to bring the special relationship back to where it was. "Biden's victory was a speed bump. He's pro-Ireland and pro-EU. He got involved in the Liz Truss administration. He is not a friend of the UK." However, Swenson also argued DeSantis could prove more beneficial to Brexit Britain than Trump. "You'll start to see a little bit of differentiation between DeSantis and Trump," he said. "Trump was very much an isolationist but I think you'll see more nuance from DeSantis as long as it's free and fair." Swenson appeared to echo recent remarks made by Trump's former White House chief of staff Mick Mulvaney. Mulvaney told Express.co.uk last week:"Other Republicans would be more likely [to deliver a US-UK deal] because of the general Republican attitudes towards trade. JUST IN: Boris breaks silence to savage Sunak's new Brexit deal: 'This is NOT taking back control!' "Trump was a little more towards the centre when it came to trade. He was not the typical pro-free trade Republican. "Granted that had more to do with the relationships with China and other parts of the world than it did to do with the UK but certainly the hiring of Bob Lighthizer, who I have a great deal of respect for, sends the message we are going to be really, really tough trade negotiators. "Somebody like Nikki Haley or Ron DeSantis may move a UK-US trade deal up on the agenda." Swenson's comments came after DeSantis voiced support for Brexit and revealed one of his "all-time favourite trips" with wife Casey was a golf visit to the British Isles. The Sunshine State's 44-year-old Governor told the Times that he was a "big supporter of Brexit", comparing the decision taken in 2016 to the founding fathers' fight to defend the "right of Englishmen". However, DeSantis was critical of the Tory Government's handling of Brexit, urging Whitehall to do more to take advantage of the UK's newfound freedoms. He said: "My impression, based on what we get here, is that the Conservative Party hasn’t been as aggressive at fulfilling that vision as they should have been and that maybe they’ll get punished in the next election as a result of that." Swenson welcomed DeSantis' criticisms of the Tory Party, claiming Brexit is "useless" if the UK does not deregulate and cut taxes. DeSantis has not officially declared if he will enter the 2024 US Presidential Election. But his allies have reportedly been looking at how to circumvent state legislation to enable DeSantis to run while retaining office in Tallahassee. Opinion polls suggest DeSantis is Trump's leading Republican rival, with YouGov's most recent survey giving Florida's Governor 29 percent of the GOP primary vote. The 45th POTUS still leads the pack on 45 percent and ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley languishes behind in third with just four percent. Trump's stressed his pro-UK credentials during his administration, even declaring himself "Mr Brexit" at a rally with ex-UKIP leader Nigel Farage. The 76-year-old also promised a “massive” Anglo-American trade accord. However, hopes of a UK-US trade accord in the dying days of his stint in the White House faded after a last-minute mini deal was botched amid concerns about the impact on Airbus’ business. Trump recently doubled-down on his isolationist trade policies with a pledge to bring back "patriotic protectionism". Express.co.uk was stonewalled by Trump’s campaign when asked if the UK could be impacted by such a policy. DON'T MISSWoman, 20, raped and strangled by gang member[LATEST]Man 'bound' woman in his van and threatened to kill her [REPORT]Plane averted after 'terrifying' close call [INSIGHT] The ex-POTUS announced his plan to end America’s “reliance on China” earlier this week, blasting Biden for “ripping the industrial heart out of our country”. During his "patriotic protectionism" announcement, Trump claimed: “My agenda will tax China to build up America. “The heart of my vision is a sweeping pro-American overhaul of our tax and trade policy to move from the Biden system that punishes domestic producers and rewards outsourcers to a system that rewards domestic production and taxes foreign companies and those who export American jobs. “They will be rewarded and rewarded greatly, and our country will benefit.” He added: “We are also going to end other unfair trade deals and we are going to end them quickly.” Biden's administration has also proven difficult for the UK Government to crack on trade, particularly after Washington erupted over efforts to axe the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol. However, Rishi Sunak seemed to resolve a number of issues on Wednesday as several Brexit-backing Tory bigwigs came out to support his so-called Windsor Framework with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen. An Anglo-American accord would likely bring financial rewards to businesses on both sides of the Atlantic, with total trade in goods and services between the UK and the US exceeding £260 billion in the four quarters to the end of 2022’s third quarter. A free trade agreement between the two nations could increase trade by £15 billion in the long term and boost UK workers’ wages by £1.8 billion, Whitehall analysis has revealed. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews