The Princess of Wales said she was “super-impressed” after being introduced to the sport of parkour today by a backflipping nine-year-old boy who stole the show at a military parade. Thomas Lucas caught Kate by surprise when he decided to perform an impromptu backflip for her at the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards’ St David’s Day Parade at Combermere Barracks, Windsor. She was there accompanying Prince William on his first visit to the regiment since becoming its Colonel in December, taking over from the King, who had held the position since 1975. After performing the acrobatic flip, Thomas, whose father Gareth is a sergeant in the regiment, said it was “actually quite nerve-wracking because I didn’t really land it,” but added that the Princess was “impressed”. Later she told him his backflip had been “extraordinary” and that she had been “super impressed”. She asked his parents “who he gets his backflipping talents from” and Thomas responded that he had taught himself, from YouTube. He then explained the principles of parkour - a discipline in which athletes attempt to get from two points without assisting equipment and often while performing gymnastics - to a bewildered Kate, who admitted she had thought he was showing off dancing skills: “Not dancing sorry - I need to learn all this lingo I’m not very good at it”. Kate, 41, wearing a red Alexander McQueen coat in the colour of the Welsh flag, presented leeks to the families of soldiers while her husband did the same to officers and guardsmen, who passed them along the ranks. The royal couple went on to meet many of the families of the Welsh Guardsmen, as well as troops from the 5th Royal Australian Regiment in the UK to help train Ukrainian soldiers. In his first speech to the Welsh Guards, William, 40, said: “I am both honoured and delighted to be standing here in front of you today as your new Colonel. “At the same time, I’m sorry that my father couldn’t be here with us here today to say farewell, but I know he would talk of his fierce pride and admiration for you all, and of his own sadness to be moving on from an appointment he held so dear since 1975. “The Welsh Guards have always been a formidable group of soldiers; raised for war in 1915, then leading the way on operations ever since.” He said they were “key players” in the Second World War, the Falklands, Balkans, Iraq and Afghanistan and said their battle honours “underpin their fighting spirit of today”. He recalled fond memories of spending time with the Welsh Guards Sniper Platoon Salisbury Plain, which he said were “some of my best”. William, in a grey Guards uniform, added: “Another key milestone in my life was also shared with the Welsh Guards, this time in the jungles of Belize as I received my A-Level results over the Bowman Radio… “Many of you will know the feeling of being in the jungle; you’re incredibly hot, continuously soaking wet and with nowhere to hide from potentially horrendous results, it could have been a really bad day. “Ultimately though, it was the camaraderie, the togetherness, and of course the banter of the Welsh Guards that got me through that period, and it’s a time I look back on fondly”. The band then led a rendition of the Welsh national anthem, which Kate sang in Welsh. It was followed by God Save the King and three cheers for the royal couple. Kate was presented with a bouquet of flowers from royal fan seven-year-old Elsi-Haf Cunningham, who was wearing traditional Welsh dress while her father took part in the parade. Her mother, Krystal Cunningham, 59, said her daughter would remember the moment for the rest of her life. “It was a very proud moment, she absolutely loves the Royal Family but has only ever seen Kate on TV,” she said, adding: “It was a big moment for her.” The visit, at Combermere Barracks in Windsor, was part of a series of Wales-themed engagements for the Prince and Princess, who spent Tuesday in South Wales following a visit to Cardiff on Saturday to watch England play Wales at rugby.