Chelsea boss Graham Potter picked up the biggest win of his tenure as goals from Raheem Sterling and Kai Havertz put his side through to the quarter-finals of the Champions League. The Blues were exceptional throughout and got their rewards with a result that could prove to be a major turning point in their season. Express Sport rates the Chelsea players at Stamford Bridge following the 2-0 victory. Kepa Arrizabalaga - 9 Made several big stops for Chelsea on his way to securing an impressive clean sheet. There was a massive save to deny Marco Reus from a free-kick in the first half with a big strong hand. He was also equal to a low fizzing strike in the second half that stung his palms. Was in constant dialogue with Graham Potter as he looked to help the Blues see out the game, showing the levels of responsibility he is now bringing to the table. Wesley Fofana - 8 Strong performance defensively. Stepped up in the absence of Thiago Silva again, building on his winning goal against Leeds at the weekend. Kalidou Koulibaly - 8 Another strong display from the commanding centre-back, who showed character to keep things tight at the back on a night when a clean sheet was essential. Nearly scored an early goal when he needed wide of the mark. Marc Cucurella - 9 Excellent. His best game in a Chelsea shirt. He was eager to impress and sharp into tackles despite committing an early foul. Distributed ball positively and comfortably. Very good and deserves to keep his place. Reece James - 9 Brilliant from the start. Went to ground in the final stages of the match when he was fouled by close friend Jude Bellingham. Fizzed a wonderful cross into the box when Kai Havertz hit the post but drew frustration from the crowd when he misplaced an easy pass to Raheem Sterling that rolled off the pitch. Put in a big tackle to cut out a dangerous pass that would have put Dortmund in on goal before delivering a massive second-half display. Mateo Kovacic - 8 Big night from the captain. Caught out by the Dortmund press in the first half, nearly came to a goal when Giovanni Reyna cut the ball across the box but nobody was there to tap home. Gave Chelsea steel in middle of the park. Enzo Fernandez - 7 Busy in the middle of the park and wasn't afraid to stick the boot in. Booked for his troubles and gave his shirt to a young pitch invader at the end of the game. Ben Chilwell - 8 A performance that will lay down the gauntlet to England boss Gareth Southgate, every chance he can now build on this and apply the pressure on Luke Shaw. Constant outlet and up and down, full of energy. Raheem Sterling - 7 Not his best game but scored a massive goal. Wasted several opening and was often offside but did step up when it mattered. Joao Felix - 7 Showed flair to beat a man for an early chance that was saved by Alexander Meyer. Endured a brief knock to his knee on the near touchline in the opening exchanges of the contest, shook it off. Not his best night but still very bright - just lacked end product. Kai Havertz - 8 Showed great resilience after missing his penalty - stepping up to convert and send Stamford Bridge into raptures.  He lashed a decent change into side netting in the opening exchanges. Rushed the chance but did much better second time around when he rattled the inside of the post with a pop shot from Reece James' cross. Bent a beauty in off the bar too but the offside flag denied him. After hitting the post again from his penalty, he rectified the error by slotting home the goal that sent Chelsea through. Subs Conor Gallagher - 7 Denis Zakaria - 7 Ruben Loftus-Cheek - 6 Christian Pulisic  - 6