Sister Wives took TLC viewers by storm after it followed the lives of Kody Brown's polygamist family. After ending their relationship, his ex-wife Janelle Brown showed off her major weight loss on social media.  On Friday, the 53-year-old reality star opened up about the challenges she faced in her major health kick. In a form-fitting plunging black dress, Janelle took to Instagram to encourage her one million followers to join her “spring challenge". The mother of six, showed off her transformation as she donned bright red lipstick and was all smiles in the video. As she counted to four, the reasons she started Plexus appeared on the screen. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers  Janelle revealed it: "Rid sugar monster, reduce brain fog, reduce inflammation, lose weight, gain energy and so much more.” The reality star added: “Join our Spring Challenge! Message me SPRING INTO ACTION if you're ready! Also, check out my health page.” Janelle had previously credited her weight loss to the appetite suppressant supplements, along with a healthier diet and exercise. In November, a source told the US Sun Janelle had "lost a ton of weight" and is "half the size she was". They added: “Her numbers have completely changed. She's got to be at least 100 pounds down.” DON'T MISS...The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION]1000lb Sisters fans convinced Amy and husband are back together [REACTION]Amy Slaton 'struggling to parent kids after split from husband' [INSIGHT]  Janelle’s weight loss comes after reports she was no longer with Kody after 29 years of marriage. In 2022, an insider claimed: “She's no longer claiming to be his wife. "She does not believe she's part of the equation of marriage with Kody anymore. It's done, it's over,” they added to the US Sun. These reports came shortly after another one of Kody’s wives, Christine Brown had also broken up with him.   Janelle and Kody have six adult kids: Logan Brown, 28, Madison Brush, 27, Hunter Brown, 25, Garrison Brown, 24, Gabriel Brown, 21, and Savanah Brown, 18. 