Nicola Peltz and her husband Brooklyn Beckham made the journey over to Paris to show their support for his mum Victoria as she showcased a new range of designer gear at today's Fashion Week show. The two women in Brooklyn's life have been dogged by persistent rumours of a feud, but Nicola put those to rest when she gushed about how much she loved her ex-Spice Girl in-law on Instagram afterwards. Victoria had posted a family photo from the day of the catwalk show, featuring Brooklyn and Nicola, alongside two of her other kids, Cruz and Harper, and of course husband David. "I couldn't do it without you, I love you all so much!" she'd exclaimed as she shared the snap with her mammoth list of 30.6 million followers. Nicola immediately responded by tagging Victoria and writing: "Congratulations, we love you!" She also shared a photo that had been published by Vogue magazine, in which she wore patent latex gloves stretching up to her elbows, and clutched beau Brooklyn's hands as they walked through the streets of Paris. READ NOW: Piers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore' Fans had been unsure whether Nicola would attend Victoria's show, following rumours of a feud between the pair - something she and Brooklyn have always denied. Instagram followers pointed to the fact that they seemed to have stopped liking each other's photos, while Nicola surprised the world at her wedding last year by heading down the aisle in a Valentino gown instead of a VB creation. However, she and Brooklyn checked into the swanky La Reserve hotel, steps away from the Champs Elysees, in high spirits last night as they awaited the show. The ultra-luxurious residence, which is charging over £1500 for reservations tonight, contains a signature restaurant boasting two Michelin stars - and fans speculated that aspiring chef Brooklyn may have headed there to check out the taste sensations. David, Victoria, Cruz and Harper are all staying at the same hotel themselves, so it seems to have been the perfect location for a family reunion. Nicola looked in the mood for celebration as she shared a snap of herself sprawled across the bed in the suite she's been sharing with Brooklyn, with a bottle of champagne in her hand. She also divulged another reason why she may be hitting the bubbly - it's Brooklyn's 24th birthday tomorrow, on March 4. This time, unlike at her wedding, Nicola donned a gown from her mum-in-law's latest collection.  She paired the midi dress with a pair of chunky boots and some latex opera gloves for an added touch of edgy glam. Meanwhile, the actress headed over to Victoria's Instagram page to further congratulate her on a "beautiful show", repeating that she loved her. Victoria's Autumn/Winter 2023 collection has received rave reviews from many, although one of her outfits, modelled by Drew Barrymore, has attracted controversy. The star faced accusations that the lime green outfit, paired with what looked like a veil, was reminiscent of TV series The Handmaid's Tale. When Victoria posted a photo of Drew seemingly dressed in a similar way, fans were confused. @tracywoodward0 exclaimed: "Is this the Handmaidens Tale collection?", while @mariastathopoulou_ made jokes about "Little Green Riding Hood". @veronicajvalli chimed in: "Is it me, or does she look like Drew Barrymore meets the Handmaids tale? Beautiful colour though." In spite of the comments, the show has been a sure success overall, with more than 318,000 people hitting the like button on her family snap behind the scenes with Brooklyn and Nicola.