Power and communications to Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in Ukraine have been cut off after a Russian shelling targeted the surrounding area near the facility. The power company Energoatom announced the issues this morning: “Today, the last line of communication between the occupied Zaporizhzhia NPP and the Ukrainian power system has been cut off. Fuel for operation remains for 10 days." Zaporizhzhia has been occupied by Russian forces since the early stages of the war, and the nuclear power plant has been at the centre of the fighting. In August 2022, shelling caused a fire that cut the last remaining power line to the power plant. There have been concerns that shelling could lead to a nuclear accident. Last August, it was also reported that Russian soldiers were torturing staff at the power plant, which was still being operated by Ukrainian staff. Petro Kotin, the head of Ukraine's nuclear power industry, told Sky News: "There are negotiations with the IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency), with the United Nations on their support of this mission, and I think within 10 days they will be on-site. "The situation (at the plant) is very bad now and it is worsening all the time. Over the last three weeks, there's been an increase of shelling at the site. "The actions from Russia increase the danger to nuclear and radiation safety onsite. Also, the conditions of our staff there are really decreasing." He added: "They captured about 1,100 personnel from the site, and they kept them in their facilities, the captured facilities and police facilities in the (nearby) town of Enerhodar. "One person was killed, another person was heavily wounded. READ MORE: US officials say pro-Ukraine group could be behind Nord Stream attacks "They're trying to push on them to accept the Russian world. All kinds of psychological pushes on them." Russian missiles have also struck in Kyiv once again overnight, knocking out basic supplies in the Ukrainian capital. Around 40 percent of the city is now without heating, and mayor Vitalii Klitschko confirmed that one of the explosions was an attack on a power facility. On Telegram, he said: “After the missile attack, due to emergency power outages, 40% of the capital’s consumers are currently without heating. Water supply works normally." While cities across Ukraine have been targeted, Kyiv's air force claims 34 of the 81 missiles fired by Russia were shot down. They claimed that “the defence forces of Ukraine destroyed 34 cruise missiles … as well as 4 ‘Shahed-136/131’ unmanned aerial vehicles” The air force added: “As a result of organized countermeasures, 8 Kh-31P and Kh-59 guided air missiles did not reach their targets. It is worth noting that the armed forces of Ukraine do not have means capable of destroying Kh-22 and Kh-47 ‘Kinzhal’ and S-300.” The claims have not been independently verified.