A referee appointment has caused a stir in the Middle East as controversial Spaniard Mateu Lahoz, who Lionel Messi raged about during the World Cup, is set to take charge of the Saudi Superclasico between Al-Ittihad and Cristiano Ronaldo's Al-Nassr this week. Games in the Saudi Pro League don't come much bigger than the one scheduled this Thursday, with top-of-the-table Al-Nassr travelling to face second-place Al-Ittihad. Each team has lost just once in the league all season and the hosts trail by two points. Ronaldo is expected to take centre stage after his blistering start with the league leaders. The five-time Ballon d'Or winner has eight goals in just six matches for his new club since leaving Manchester United late last year. The fixture also comes with a fresh twist as Spanish outlet AS claim that Lahoz will officiate, despite his history with Ronaldo and Messi. Don't miss... Carragher still expects Chelsea to sack Potter after Dortmund heroics [LATEST] Messi laid into Lahoz after his refereeing performance in Argentina's World Cup quarter-final with the Netherlands, during which he showed 15 yellow cards. "I think Fifa must take care of this, it cannot put a referee like that for a match of such magnitude, of such importance," he said. The Paris Saint-Germain star's wish was then seemingly granted by Fifa, who sent Lahoz home before the end of the tournament. Still, his controversial past may not be an entirely bad thing for Ronaldo as he prepares for this week's crunch Saudi clash. Read more... Tottenham may miss out on four targets due to Antonio Conte suspicions [GOSSIP] Arsenal ace Gabriel Jesus 'to travel with squad' for Sporting tie [LATEST] Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brought back down to earth by ex-Reds star [LATEST] The pair supposedly have a history spanning multiple incidents, including one in 2016 which seemingly saw Lahoz try to apologise to Ronaldo in the tunnel after failing to award a penalty in a blockbuster El Clasico match-up. There have even been suggestions that the duo are 'friends', which will surely irk Al-Ittihad supporters as the match creeps closer. Al-Nassr fans could be in for more fireworks if their last outing is anything to go by. They trailed 1-0 to Al-Batin until second-half stoppage time, at which point they lashed in three last-gasp goals to take all three points. As Ronaldo stormed down the tunnel at half time, a clip went viral on social media showing a young fan proclaiming that 'Messi is better'. The two icons have battled to be considered the GOAT over the course of their careers. The former Real Madrid man appeared to brush the comment aside and remain focused on the task at hand, shouting 'easy game' in Portuguese before his side came back to win after the break.