It may be that Sir Keir Starmer feels he is so far ahead in the polls that he can ask what he wants at PMQs with near impunity but picking illegal immigration as his topic was the gift that Rishi Sunak had clearly been yearning for. The faces on the Tory backbenches have not looked so cheerful in many a long month as they watched the Prime Minister deliver a series of zingers against his opponent. PMQs achieved two things today for the Prime Minister, which, as the chuntering about his leadership continues, could prove vital for his long term survival...even perhaps beyond the general election. In brilliantly depicting Starmer as just another lefty lawyer standing in our way" on the immigration issue, Sunak has proven to be the Tory leader (third time lucky) to finally take the advice of his own MPs on what could win them the next election. Tackling illegal immigration and the thousands coming over the Channel on small boats is the policy area where voters can see a real difference between the two parties. This will be perhaps the key battleground area in the next election especially with the United Nations estimating that there could be as many as 100 million on the move wishing to claim asylum. Mr Sunak could not ask for a better opponent on the issue. The titled leftwing North London metropolitan lawyer in front of him may echo the sort of people who get excited on Twitter but polling consistently shows that voters want the issue clamped down on. Correctly characterising Starmer as being part of the "open borders lobby" could be painful to Labour in those Red Wall seats and others they either want to win back or take off the Tories next year. The Labour record shows time and again that they vote against measures to stop the surge of people coming into the UK illegally while their supporters (the other lefty lawyers) try to undermine those laws in the courts. For three years now Tory MPs have been begging for action on illegal migrants and warning the leadership that it was the issue which needed to be resolved which brings about the second important point. Sunak can now fairly say that for all the bluff and bluster of Boris Johnson, it is he the technocratic one not the "blonde bombshell" who has delivered the right of the party what it wants. He and his Home Secretary Suella Braverman have gone further and faster than their predecessors in tackling this issue with novel legislation. And it is he as Prime Minister who is willing to fight an election on the issue. Mr Johnson was always reluctant to do that because he was afraid of being likened to Donald Trump. Mr Sunak does not have the same qualms. All too often since Christmas, Starmer has looked leaden footed against his more nimble, better prepared adversary. Today was a perfect example of handing a man who is fighting for his political life a gift. Sunak has established a wedge issue with Labour for the next election but also with his own backbenchers in terms of delivery compared to what was not achieved by Mr Johnson. The former Prime Minister's best hope of a comeback is through the right of the party but the approving Tory faces in PMQs today suggested that this is now far from being a given.