Boris Johnson is being “economical with the truth” with his claim to have been unaware of the need for additional checks on goods travelling between Northern Ireland and Great Britain, a former Brexit Party MEP has said. The former Prime Minister made his admission during the course of a speech in which he warned he would find it “very difficult” to vote for current Number 10 occupant Rishi Sunak’s Windsor Framework. Mr Sunak’s plan represents an attempt to resolve ongoing problems with the Northern Ireland Protocol, the mechanism agreed by Mr Johnson’s Government and Brussels at the end of 2020 with the aim of preventing a hard border on the island of Ireland. Unionist critics have been vehemently opposed to the Protocol ever since it came into force when Britain quit the bloc on January 31, 2021 because it requires Northern Ireland to comply with some EU rules and regulations. As a result, they argue, it has resulted in a hard border down the Irish Sea. Speaking at the Global Soft Power Summit 2023 in Westminster yesterday, Mr Johnson admitted to making mistakes that resulted in the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) pulling out of a power-sharing agreement last year over their concerns, hence depriving Northern Ireland of devolved government ever since. He declared: “I thought those checks would not be onerous since there isn’t that much stuff that falls into that category; most of the goods stay in Northern Ireland. “It’s all my fault, I fully accept responsibility.” Ben Habib, himself a vocal critic of the Protocol who spearheaded an ultimately unsuccessful High Court challenge against it, also in 2022, told Express.co.uk: “It is indeed a huge admission by Boris Johnson finally to accept the Protocol is all his fault. He is right. There was no need for it. “He put the Protocol in place AFTER he won his 80-seat majority; a majority he gained by promising the country would leave the EU as one United Kingdom.” He continued: “He is still being economical with the truth. It is not just the trade checks which are the problem. They are merely a symptom of the problem. “The problem is the Protocol condemns Northern Ireland to foreign laws, made by a foreign legislature and adjudicated by a foreign court. Northern Ireland is in a foreign jurisdiction. “He full well knows this. His own lawyers argued against my lawyers in court claiming Northern Ireland to be a foreign country.” During his time as PM, Mr Johnson had had “multiple opportunities” to fix the Protocol and had “shirked every one of them”, Mr Habib argued. JUST IN: Putin reels as Ukraine claims 150,000 Russian soldiers 'liquidated' Turning his attention to Mr Sunak’s proposed solution, unveiled on Monday during a joint press conference with European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen, Mr Habib continued: “Neither does the Windsor Framework address the problem. “Its green and red lanes do not bring Northern Ireland back into the UK, they serve to highlight its ‘foreignness’. “Anyone who has ever travelled knows green and red lanes only apply when crossing into another country.” Referring to the method by which members of the Northern Ireland Assembly can theoretically veto European laws if they are concerned about their possible impact, Mr Habib explained: “Its so-called Stormont Brake to stop new EU laws applying in Northern Ireland is ineffectual. “The bar for it being used is so high it is unlikely ever to be used. And if it is, the EU would respond with ‘remedial’ measures.” DON'T MISSHarry and Meghan could receive huge payout after being evicted [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'got what they wanted' amid Frogxit eviction [UPDATE]Matt Hancock's team asked if they could “lock up” Nigel Farage [REVEAL] He concluded: “The Windsor Framework is yet another Tory ruse. “I have, ever since it was revealed, described the Protocol as the single biggest act of constitutional self-harm ever visited upon the United Kingdom. “The Windsor Framework does not undo that harm. And yes, it is Boris’s fault.” Tory MPs who are members of the eurosceptic European Research Group (ERG) are currently scrutinising the proposals, with no decision expected for several days, while DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson has said his party will also be going through Mr Sunak’s proposals with a fine-toothed comb. Express.co.uk has contacted Mr Johnson via his Parliamentary office for comment.