Manchester United could be set to ignore Paul Scholes' advice with the Red Devils said to be in ‘advanced talks’ with Diogo Dalot over a new deal. The legendary midfielder believes the Portugal international is becoming something of a ‘problem’ after a run of poor performances following the World Cup. Dalot was one of Erik ten Hag’s top players in the first half of the season after showing immense improvement to make the right-back position his own. However, he has experienced something of a drop off in the months after the World Cup with backup Aaron Wan Bissaka starting to take advantage to receive more game time. It was Dalot who started in the 7-0 humiliation at Anfield and the 23-year-old was powerless to do anything as Liverpool’s front three ran riot. His direct opposition was Darwin Nunez and the Uruguayan forward took advantage to net twice. His performance was noticed by United legend Scholes as he suggested the right-back had become a ‘problem’. “I think there are a couple of players in that team that when it comes to big games like this I don’t think they’re quite at the level,” Scholes told Premier League productions. “I think the right-back position (Diogo Dalot) could be a problem.” Just in... Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover U-turn, Richarlison lashes out [LIVE] However, United look set to ignore Scholes' advice by offering the player a new deal. His current contract expires in 2024 and The Sun reports that both parties are in ‘advanced talks’ over an extension. Barcelona and Real Madrid are among the clubs to have been linked with the player in the past and the Red Devils will seek to deter interest with a new deal. Dalot joined United from Porto for a fee of around £19million in the summer of 2018 and has made 95 appearances for the club in the years since. He has only really found himself as a first-team regular over the last 18 months but has made no secret of his desire to stay. Don't miss... Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement [COMMENT] Man Utd owners the Glazers 'consider taking club off the market' [LATEST] Ex-Man Utd star Kieran Richardson quit football to sell luxury watches [NEW] “We are in a position to say that we are negotiating and seeing how both parties will benefit,” he said in January.“But it is no secret that I am happy to be here, so we will see how things go. “I love this club and I love to play for this club. Progressively we are in a good direction as a team. For me, this is the most important part and hopefully, individually I can continue to help the team as I am doing.”