Endeavour airs this evening (March 5) on ITV1 and ITVX at 8pm with another two-hour film to keep viewers glued to their seats. Season nine of the crime drama, serves as a prequel to the iconic series Inspector Morse, will be concluding after more than a decade. There are just three episodes in the final outing with the last-ever episode airing next week as the curtains fall on Endeavour. Actor Shaun Evans, who plays a young version of Endeavour Morse, was born on March, 6 1980 in Merseyside, Liverpool and is 42-years-old but will be celebrating his 43rd birthday very shortly. Season nine of Endeavour is set in 1972 and this would make Evans’ character 34-years-old, much younger than the actor. In the TV series, Morse was born in 1938 with the producers making him younger than the detective in the books, who was born in 1930. If the Inspector Morse makers had stuck with the sleuth’s original date, it would make the character 42 and closer to Evans’ age. READ MORE: Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring Endeavour has been on screens since 2012, which means Evans would have been around 31 when he took on the role of the young detective previously immortalised by John Thaw. Thaw played Inspector Morse between 1987 and 1993, along with a series of specials between 1995 and 2000. The actor was born in 1942, which made him closer to Morse’s age in the TV show. He first took on the role aged 45 in 1987 and played it until he was 58. READ MORE: Sean Rigby has played detective Jim Strange in Endeavour since 2012 Evans is best known for Endeavour after previous roles in Channel 4’s Teachers, Ashes to Ashes, The Take, Silk and Whitechapel. Along with acting, he has also been working as a director and helmed four episodes of Endeavour as well as three instalments of BBC medical drama Casualty. Evans also directed the first episode of season nine of Endeavour - Prelude - which aired recently. While working on Endeavour, Evans has also featured in some other projects including film War Book, BBC film The Scandalous Lady W and submarine thriller Vigil. READ MORE: Endeavour: Who does Endeavour Morse marry? According to IMDb, he is next appearing in the TV series Delia Balmer which is in pre-production. Endeavour will be concluding with the finale called Exeunt, which will be wrapping up the story particularly Fred Thursday (played by Roger Allam) who is never mentioned in the original Inspector Morse series. Thursday was conceived by Endeavour’s creator Russell Lewis and has been well-received by Inspector Morse fans. Speaking about the end of Endeavour, Evans said: “Final episodes are always very difficult. You can’t please all of the people all of the time. “What we wanted to do was to end Endeavour in a way that was fitting to all of the enormous work we had put into it over the last 10 years and also to all of the huge support we have had every year from the audience. DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark [VIDEO]Clarkson's Farm star receives £34,000 as fans rally to support farmer [UPDATE]Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 [INSIGHT] “To not leave anybody feeling short changed. To leave people feeling emotionally satisfied. “It’s also a thank you, in a way. To say, ‘Thank you so much for sticking with this over the past number of years.’ To honour and respect that. So it’s all of those things. “Also for it to feel irreconcilable. For it to feel closed. In terms of we won’t be seeing Joan and Thursday again. “We will see Morse and Strange again ‘later on’ in Inspector Morse but they will be very different versions of themselves. But our story is at its end.” Endeavour airs on ITV1 and ITVX tonight at 8pm