A 40kg dog that allegedly knows “300 Latin commands” could be put down after biting a police officer’s bottom. Pc Michael Obern was reported to have yelped in agony as the 40kg Carpathian Shepherd Dog tore through his clothing and into his left buttock, the court head.   Owner Gemma Sankey has since been convicted of failing to control a dangerous animal following the incident. The female canine, that goes by the name Shroom, also attacked a woman at a glamping site. Despite Sankey’s novel defence that her dog should be spared because the pet was highly intelligent, knew “more than 300 commands in Latin”, and the victims’ injuries were “self-inflicted”, magistrates found Sankey guilty on two counts. Carpathian Shepherds are often also referred to as Romanian Carpathian Shepherds, as the south-eastern European country is their origin. According to the American Kennel Club, Carpathian Shepherds are “fierce guardians” that were “naturally selected to guard and protect herds and flocks from the large numbers of grey wolves, brown bears and other predators housed in the Carpathian Mountains of Romania”. Sankey claimed she was a dog psychologist of 35 years with specific knowledge around “canine aggression”, however prosecutors insisted that she had no formal qualifications and thus could not be considered “an expert”, the Telegraph reported. Shroom attacked Pc Obern in October 2021 when the officer was assisting Sankey is moving some items into a Travelodge in Devizes, in Wiltshire. Pc Obern told the court that Sankey had warned him about wearing high-vis clothing as it would cause the hound to “react”. In an effort to mitigate the risk posed by the animal’s tendency to react to luminous clothing, the officer wore a black police vest. Pc Obern, who knew Sankey from a his time as a community support officer, told Salisbury Magistrates Court that the dog almost immediately went on the offensive. READ MORE: Home Office 'fearful' of China over unofficial police stations in UK “I managed to pet her, but then she bit my left buttock”, he claimed in court. “It ripped my trousers, ripped my boxer shorts and broke the skin. The dog was on a lead but it was quite a long one. I then told Ms Sankey to take the dog inside. “I had a bruise for a week, but I had been bitten by a human in another incident a few months before so I’d already had a tetanus injection.” Bodycam footage shows Pc Obern petting the dog, before moments later he is heard screaming as the dog sunk her teeth into his bottom out of shot. Don't miss... Urgent warning to millions of dog owners issued by RSPCA  [LATEST] Dog rescued after being swept to sea while playing fetch [LATEST] Blind student left stranded after taxi driver refuses to pick up dog [LATEST] Sankey denied the claims that her dog bit the police officer nor the woman at the glamping site. The woman from Amesbury, Wiltshire, told the court:  “When Shroom gets terribly excited she jumps up occasionally.” “Pc Obern gave Shroom a slap hit and then he turned away. His injuries were not caused by a bite from Shroom - a Chihuahua would have made more bite marks.” She told the court she had previously owned “four dogs and 15 horses” and was an animal behaviour expert. However, prosecutor Natalie Cheesman disputed Sankey’s claim, saying she had not one relevant qualification to prove her alleged animal expertise. “Ms Sankey is in denial about what Shroom is capable of. I submit that you can tell the two incidents are extremely similar.” Magistrate deliberations lasted half an hour before finding Sankey guilty of two counts of being in charge of a dog dangerously out of control causing injury. Her sentence will come later. Shroom has been kept in police custody since the incident with Pc Obern and the Crown Prosecution Service is now submitting an application for a destruction order, the court heard.