Denise Welch, 64, reignited a longstanding feud between herself and Piers Morgan over the Covid pandemic. Talking in a recent podcast, the Loose Women panellist passionately declared Piers "laughable" for the "biggest U-turn in history", while she vented about how lockdown rules had impacted her. "Piers Morgan publicly called me a denier and he did have a very big voice and that's unforgivable," she revealed on an episode of her Juicy Crack podcast. Then the talk show star added fiercely that her stance was "never about denying Covid". "What it was about was knowing that there was propaganda going on to frighten us," she lamented. "We were being led by people who wanted us frightened into submission... and I could not believe how people went along with it without question. READ NOW: A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue "I wasn't saying I was right, and they were wrong. I was saying ask the f***ing questions," she seethed. "Why are you blindly going along with this?" Denise added: "People were denied the opportunity to go to funerals and give their [family members] a proper send-off because they were told they would kill everyone if they did, so they were watching their loved ones being buried on a video screen." Audibly hurt, she blasted the policy of having just a couple of people in masks standing by a graveside or crematorium, and questioned whether the science that led to the strict rules was accurate. Meanwhile, she raged: "You know my feelings about Piers Morgan." The pair had a public spat about the virus previously, and she was left furious when he announced that he'd changed his mind about believing members of the public who hadn't had the vaccine shouldn't have the "same rights" as vaccinated people. Piers insisted it was "perfectly logical" to alter his opinion, as he'd since seen research suggesting that the vaccine uptake had little impact on the transmissibility of the virus. However, Denise begged to differ and let rip at him on Twitter. DON'T MISS... Piers Morgan slams Clarkson fans wanting Lineker axed after Meghan row [DEBATE] Camilla deep in conversation with Love Island's Megan Barton-Hanson [PICTURES] Our Yorkshire Farm’s Amanda Owen causes stir with bloody photos [LATEST] "Are you absolutely f***ing joking Piers Morgan!!!" she exclaimed in view of more than half a million avid followers. "You scaremongered, terrified people, called people akin to murderers, called me a covid denier, covidiots!!! “You bullied and harassed because you DID NOT DO YOUR OWN HOMEWORK!!!!!” (sic) She had been referring to Piers' reaction to her This Morning appearance back in September 2020, when she was critical of Covid policy. The broadcaster described her as a "dumb, deluded and dangerous Covid-denier" and said her stance would be responsible for deaths. "Her idiotic, ill-informed ramblings - from a woman who never stops telling us that she suffers from mental illness - will cost lives by persuading people to think the virus isn’t a threat,” Piers insisted. He then argued that she should no longer receive airtime, but on the podcast Denise made it clear her views hadn't changed. "Hypocrisy stank and ran riot throughout the entire situation," she exclaimed. "I saw a nation, a world, plunged into utter fear and terror. I saw our own family who believed every single word the BBC and ITV said, because they were following the science." She reiterated that she didn't see herself as a "Covid minimiser or denier", but then she had "never felt a calling like I did [for] the Covid situation".