In his Budget speech on Wednesday, the Chancellor needs to deliver for older people. In recent speeches, senior citizens have only been mentioned in passing, if at all. Older people have been impacted the most by the energy and cost-of-living crises because we spend a bigger proportion of our household budgets on essential food items; and because, if we are forced to turn our heating off, there is a real risk to our lives from hypothermia and aggravated respiratory and heart conditions. So, the Chancellor must not abandon pensioner households if he reduces his energy support packages. It is all very well to promise continuing support for those on pension credit, but this ignores the millions who exist just above the pension credit limit because they have modest savings or a small private pension. Lack of support is particularly galling for those on the old state pension of £156-per-week (from April) as they see the discrepancy with the new state pension widening again to over £48 per week. We want the Chancellor to recognise that £156 per week is not a living pension and needs to be raised to a sustainable level. He should announce a ‘living state pension’ review. The public service most in need of emergency support from the Chancellor is Social Care. The system is in a state of collapse with recent research revealing that 79 older people are dying every day waiting for social care, many of whom could have had their lives extended if timely care packages had been put in place. We are sick of promises that the social care crisis will be fixed sometime in the distant future, usually after the next General Election. We demand action now, to stop people dying before their time. There are also some things I don’t want the Chancellor to announce. There is no case for an accelerated rise in the state pension age from 66, as life expectancy has stalled (and will probably fall in the future as a result of the pandemic and the cost-of-living crisis). Similarly, I want to see the proposals to start charging 60–65-year-olds for their prescriptions in England, consigned to the dustbin. Such a measure would be economic madness, as it will simply heap more costs on to NHS acute services. as older people stop taking their preventative drugs.  So, Mr. Hunt, we Silver Voters are looking to you to give us priority for a change, to save older lives and make dignified retirements possible for us all. And finally, as your ‘rabbit out of a hat’ Budget surprise, how about restoring free TV licences for the over 75s? That would really give us a fillip in these hard times.