Shocking figures show women are retiring with £123,000 less in their pension than men - with gender imbalances in pay still playing a part. The new report by Scottish Widows found that the average 25-year-old is on track to retire with £100,000 less than men, while the current average stands at £123,000 less. The report found that some of the main reasons behind the gap was differences in pay, working patterns, and time out of work for childcare and caring responsibilities. The research was discussed in Parliament today. Speaking to Rishi Sunak, an MP said: "A woman retiring today would have to work to the age of 81 to achieve the same pension as a male counterpart. And every bit as worrying, a woman in the workplace today aged 25 can still expect to retire with a pension fund of £100,000 less than a male counterpart. "With all of the fiscal and social policy levers at his disposal, can the Prime Minister tell us how he is going to set a course to truck that gap over what remains of his premiership." Mr Sunak responded: "The government takes the issue of the gender pension gap very seriously. We have dleivered grounbreaking pension reforms and major progress. Automatic enrolment has in fact helped millions more women save into the pension and pensions participation among eligible women in the private sector was 87% in the last available year, up from 40% a few years ago. "We remain committed to the measures in the 2017 review and will continue to give this issue all the attention it deserves until we can close the gap." The research also found that the pension gap was driven by four key factors: the gender pay gap, part-time employment, savings rate, and employment breaks for childcare and caring responsibilities. Jackie Leiper, Managing Director, Workplace Savings at Scottish Widows, told Express.co.uk: "Because women are more likely to work part-time, in typically lower paid industries, and take more time out for having a family, young women need to save an average of £185,000 more during their working life to enjoy the same retirement income as men. "Society is changing – there is progress and we are seeing women saving more, but this won’t happen overnight. More needs to be done to reduce the gender pay gap more broadly, but from a pensions perspective, relatively simple measures can make a big difference. "Last week's Government announcement that it plans to reduce the automatic threshold for auto enrolment to 18 and remove the lower earnings limit is a huge step forward. READ MORE: Pensioner fury as Hunt considers axing free prescriptions for over-60s  "One of the most important things women can do is to always keep in mind their own personal finances, including their pension. We know from our research that around one in five women plan to rely at least in part on their partner’s income during retirement. "This is an issue since it’s rare for divorce settlements to account for pension assets, so it’s important to keep pensions in the discussion. "It also pays to be mindful of career choices too. Firstly, paying into a workplace pension is a simple and tax-efficient way to save for retirement – especially when the Government and your employer are also paying at the same time. Breaks in employment not only mean a halt to pensions savings, it also means gaps in National Insurance contributions which can impact eligibility for the state pension. "Thinking ahead to what feels like a long way in your 20s could make a big difference. The average woman in her twenties today is on course to have £100,000 less in her pension pot when she retires compared to a man the same age - getting a head start can then pay it forward to help balance out career breaks or working part-time in the future."  Don't miss... New figures show UK post-Brexit economic resilience far outweighs EU's [LATEST] BA flight attendant 'raped' on night out in Barbados between shifts [INSIGHT] Sussexes still view themselves at heart of Firm, expert believes  [COMMENT] The research also found that 28 per cent of women take employment breaks for childcare, maternity leave and caring responsibilities - compared to just eight per cent of men. This can also be attributed to the percentage of women in part time work, with 25 per cent taking on less hours while just eight per cent of men work part time. And compared to men, 46 per cent of women have a gross income of less than £30,000 a year, with 37 per cent of men also falling into that bracket.