On Thursday, You finally returned to Netflix with the second part of season four, to unveil more mysteries in Joe Goldberg’s (played by Penn Badgley) new life in London. However, after the show went viral for its geographical plot hole, the actor finally addressed the error during an exclusive Q&A with Express.co.uk in attendance.  Although part one seemingly came to a satisfying end, part two revealed there was more action to come from Joe’s chaotic life. Since You first landed in 2018, the series has gained worldwide acclaim and kept viewers enthralled with its thrilling storylines. When season four premiered in February, the show returned with a new location and a new identity for the fan-favourite stalker. However, with the new setting in London, came major geographical errors which sparked a frenzy among British viewers. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Early in the season, Joe became Professor Jonathan Moore and landed a job at Darcy College in London with a charming flat in South Kensington. Speaking about his new life, Joe said “in a city like London, I don't mind the walk", which would be realistic if it were true. Fans were quick to point out the fictional college was filmed at Royal Holloway University, which is actually in Egham, meaning Joe's walk home would take almost seven hours. After the blunder went viral on social media, actor Penn finally addressed the mistake.   He stated: “I think it’s very charming that that’s been turned into a meme but watch any movie, locations and all, it’s a complete fantasy, it’s not real.” Speaking to Express.co.uk and other press, Penn added: “I do love the idea that Londoners are playing cultural referee with us the way I play cultural referee with thirsty tweets, so it's fair.” To make it worse, as Joe described his walk, he was seen walking through Shoreditch which would add three hours to his commute. Therefore his walk back to Kensington would take nine hours and 38 minutes, considering his stroll through Shoreditch was in the wrong direction. DON'T MISS...Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [REACTION]You has returned for season 4 part 2 on Netflix [INSIGHT]You fans slam ‘insane’ Marienne twist in part 2 [REACTION]   Among the tweets from astonished Londoners, the official Netflix account also poked at the blunder. They shared a screenshot of the route, captioned: “Joe Goldberg continued to amaze and surprise.” Season four, part two contains the last five episodes of the show and takes an exciting new direction for Joe. While he spent part one trying to track the Eat the Rich killer, he spent part two trying to put a stop to the murders.  Alongside more threats from the Eat the Rich killer, Rhys Montrose (Ed Speelers), Joe was determined to bring down the wannabe mayor. While the past seasons of You have seen Joe become obsessed with love and exposed his serial killer habits, the tables had turned. In fact, it was revealed Rhys was a manifestation in Joe's head, and You's notorious killer had been carrying out the heinous acts all along.  You seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix   