Several Arsenal stars have been tipped as being the one player that the team would not be able to cope without, and been disproven. However, the biggest dent to the Gunners’ title hopes may be an extended spell without Aaron Ramsdale. The Premier League table-toppers have had their fair share of injuries so far this season, with Mikel Arteta’s side aptly dealing with every inconvenience thrown their way up until this stage. Gabriel Jesus and Thomas Partey are two of the most notable players to have spent significant spells on the sidelines, and although their presence was missed, their absences did not derail Arsenal’s title charge. And with Fabio Vieira capable of stepping in for club captain Martin Odegaard and Jakub Kiwior waiting for his chance in central defence, the Gunners have strength in depth all over the park. However, questions have to be raised about their options between the sticks. Aaron Ramsdale has been key for Arsenal on and off the pitch this season, though an injury to the former Bournemouth shot-stopper would see Matt Turner called upon. The American failed to convince when handed an opportunity against Sporting in the Europa League – and his shakiness would be an unwelcome distraction in a title charge. Don't miss... Four class players Man Utd trialed and rejected including two legends [FEATURE] The American was deemed to be at fault for both of Sporting’s goals on Thursday night in the 2-2 draw, prompting Arsenal hero Martin Keown to question the 28-year-old’s basic ability. He told BT Sports: “He [Turner] had a few scary moments in the first half. He’s got to come and be dominant and win the ball from the corner, but he didn’t do it. “The goalkeeper has to learn from it. You make up your mind to come for the ball and you go and reach it at the highest point. If you look, the goalkeeper comes and then he backs off. He kills the central defenders. I tell you what I'd do when I'm playing for the next one, I'm coming, I'm heading that. Don't miss... Liverpool have Darwin Nunez headache for defining three-game run [LATEST] Five stars that supported Arsenal growing up including Kane and Zaha  [FEATURE] Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [BLOG] "I'll take my own goalkeeper out because I can't rely on him. For sure, (Aaron) Ramsdale would have come and dealt with it. But then it's a goalkeeper who's not played much football, so let's give him a little bit of a break, but then he has to learn doesn't he? He has to learn quickly from his mistakes." Given Arsenal’s desire to play out from the back and how Arteta demands that Ramsdale is involved in fuelling attacks from defeats, the England international is potentially more at risk of an injury than more traditional goalkeepers. Any sort of problem sustained by the 24-year-old could be a hammer blow, as Thursday unearthed that he may well be the club’s most important player.