James Cleverly has hit out at the proposal to use an ex-RAF base in his constituency to house illegal immigrants. In a statement posted to his Facebook page, the Foreign Secretary said the site is not "appropriate for asylum accommodation". Instead, he said the UK needs to "dramatically reduce the numbers of people attempting to enter the country", heralding the Government's new Illegal Migration Bill, introduced to the House of Commons this week. The Home Office published details of a £70million contract to house asylum seekers in accommodation centres in an attempt to end hotel use, with one of the options on the table said to be MDP Wethersfield, a former World War 2 and Cold War RAF base said to have played a key role in the Battle of Britain. Mr Cleverly said a final decision has not been made on the plan to use the site. Following the Daily Express's reporting earlier this week, which highlighted campaigners' concerns with the use of the site, the Foreign Secretary said: "There are reports in the media that the Home Office plans to accommodate asylum seekers at the former MDP Wethersfield. "I have spoken with the Immigration Minister who has confirmed that while this is being considered, along with similar sites, a final decision has NOT been made at this stage. "I highlighted the remote nature of the site, the limited transport infrastructure and narrow road network and that these factors would mean the site wasn’t appropriate for asylum accommodation." Campaigners have highlighted a number of factors that made the site inappropriate to house migrants and when express.co.uk visited the area this week, residents were also angry. Robert Cameron, who worked on the base in the 1990s for the MoD police, slammed the proposals and said they would have a huge impact on the area. Mr Cameron, whose parents also worked at the 325-hectare (800-acre) base in the 1960s and 1970s, said: "Having 1,500 asylum seekers would double, if not triple the traffic in the surrounding quaint Essex villages. The infrastructure just is not there." The Daily Express also revealed that the site has a “high risk” of containing undetonated explosives, “likely” ground contamination and “a risk of asbestos and leaking tanks across the site." A Ministry of Defence (MoD) report, obtained by this website, assessing the development suitability of MDP Wethersfield identified several challenges future developers would face in transforming the airbase that played a key role in World War 2 into a new facility. Braintree District Council in north Essex was approached by the Government to discuss the possibility of requisitioning the former RAF base to house asylum seekers on March 6, the day before Suella Braverman launched her Illegal Migration Bill, designed to solve the crisis. The 800-acre airbase was first used during World War 2 before being taken over by the US Air Force (USAF) in the 1950s as the Cold War ramped up, only being returned to Britain in 1990. The MoD report, released in the summer of 2021, noted that “the Cold War munitions store area” that remains on the north Essex base “is likely to have a high risk of UXOs (unexploded ordnance) as is the area to the west of this site”. The type of UXOs on the base is currently unknown but both nuclear and non-nuclear weapons were stored at various points at the facility. Express.co.uk visited the site and spoke to a group of British and American servicemen who were stationed on the base. Steve Bisel, who worked for USAF, reflected on his time in the “bomb dump control room”, recounting an incident in which a nuclear weapon went missing on the base for “two to four hours” before being recovered. The MoD study noted that the “demolition costs” on the airbase “are expected to be medium to high, due to asbestos risk and/or UXO”. In his statement, Mr Cleverly added: "Ultimately we need to dramatically reduce the numbers of people attempting to enter the country. "That is why we have introduced the Illegal Migration Bill which will make it clear that if you come here illegally, you cannot stay. It costs British taxpayers £6million per day to accommodate illegal immigrants in hotels. "It is unfair to those who come here legally and unfair on the British people who play by the rules. "The whole of government is working to stop evil people traffickers from exploiting the vulnerable to make money and ensure our immigration system supports the people who do the right thing and play by the rules." On Monday, the Home Secretary introduced new legislation to stop the small boats crisis once and for all by deporting tens of thousands of people entering the UK illegally. The new legislation will stop asylum, modern slavery, and human rights laws being used by migrants who have breached Britain’s borders. In her statement to the Commons, Ms Braverman warned that "patience has run out" adding that the "law-abiding patriotic majority have said enough is enough".