Law and Order SVU star Ice-T has starred in the hit CBS crime drama for over two decades as Odafin “Fin” Tutuola, making him one of the longest-running characters on the show. In a recent appearance on The Tonight Show, he sent host Jimmy Fallon into hysterics with a hilarious Hollywood confession. Ice-T featured on this week's instalment of The Tonight Show, where he spoke of his successful acting and musical career with host Jimmy Fallon. Fallon began showing the actor some snaps of him and his family posing with his newly earned Hollywood Walk of Fame star. As the crowd cheered, Fallon asked the veteran actor how he felt about his huge achievement. To which the Law and Order veteran actor responded by recalling one of his hilarious memories from Hollywood Boulevard. Ice-T recalled: “Hey man, as many times as I got arrested on Hollywood Boulevard and saw those stars like this.” Using Fallon’s desk as a makeshift Hollywood Walk of Fame, the star then acted out his story by curling over Fallon's desk and scrunching his face up. The actor’s hilarious reenactment forced Fallon to walk away from his desk to compose himself. Fallon returned and joked: “That's the only way you saw the stars up close huh?” as the audience laughed in the background The 65-year-old then revealed his friends “were more excited” than him to receive his star. He recalled: “My friends were more excited about it than me, you know. It started to weigh on me as it got closer and closer.” The ceremony brought Ice-T’s two careers of music and acting together, as members of each side were there to show their support. “And then of course Dick Wolf was there, Mariska was there. But really It’s a star for music, so for the first time my Law and Order family was surrounded by my music family.”  As of this year, rap icon and actor Ice-T now has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The unveiling of his star came one day after he celebrated his 65th birthday last month. He was joined at the ceremony by his Law and Order: SVU co-star Mariska Hargitay who plays character Oliva Benson and series creator Dick Wolf. Fellow rap legend Chuck D was also there to congratulate the actor on his huge career achievement.  Last year Ice-T nabbed the longest-running achievement for playing Odafin Tutuola in Law and Order SVU.