Star David Boreanaz, who plays Jason Hayes in CBS’s hit military drama SEAL Team, has had no choice but to issue another caution to fans on social media. The actor reminded them that he only has one Instagram account. The actor took to social media this week to warn his followers about scammers impersonating him on the photo-sharing platform, Instagram. This comes after an increase in fake profiles being made of the actor, usually in a bid to scam fans out of money. In an Instagram story the actor wrote in full caps: “Another reminder that I only have one (blue check)IG account. Everything else is a scam or a fraud!!!!” he continued. After racking up 734k followers on Instagram, the actor noticed an increased number of fake profiles using his name to manipulate fans, hence his latest warning. Despite the negativity the actor has been experiencing on Instagram, he does have one thing to cheer about. To fans' delight, SEAL Team was recently renewed for a seventh season set to show on Paramount+. After the announcement, Boreanaz spoke out on the “humbling” season seven renewal in an Instagram post where the actor shared a photo of his character Jason Hayes. The caption read: “So very proud of the work put in by so many amazing people who sacrifice to make these stories come to life. Humbled to continue on with Jason Hayes. The journey continues…Season 7.” Boreanaz first found fame as Angel in the Warner Bros drama series, Buffy the Vampire Slayer. His character became one of the most well-known vampires in all of vampiric history, legendary for both his savage villainy and his great heroism and later got his own spin-off series.  After his vampire stint, the actor delved into the world of crime dramas. In 2005, the actor began starring as FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth, a homicide investigator on the Fox television procedural comedy-drama series Bones. More recently the actor reprised the role of Jason Hayes, Master Chief Special Warfare Operator in the CBS/Paramount+ military drama series called SEAL Team. The actor has kept fans entertained with his Jason Hayes character from 2017 till the present. Recently another actor has been forced to issue the same warning to fans, after also noticing a rise in fake Instagram accounts. This week, Outlander Sam Heughan also took to his Instagram stories to warn his 3.9 million followers about impersonating fraudsters. The actor wrote: “Please be careful on social media. So many scammers. I will never reach out or message on Instagram/Twitter/Whatsapp/Google Hangouts/etc Or ask for money.” He informed fans: “If it’s not verified, it’s not me.” SEAL Team seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Paramount+ in the USA and in the UK.