 Non-binary singer Sam Smith, 30, emphasised their gender-neutral terms on the BBC show as they revealed they would love to be a “fisherthem”. The term has not been widely accepted, with polarising Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios making the latest jibe against the singer.   During BBC’s The One Show, the singer-songwriter revealed their unique hobby, admitting they’re a “big fan of fishing” adding: “I'd love to be a fisherthem!” Host Ronan Keating was seemingly confused at the gender-neutral terminology, questioning: “What, like a fly fisherman?” Sam subtly corrected him saying: “I'd be any type of fisherthem. “I think I would like to, one day, I'd just like to end my days fishing. Like sitting on a bank.” READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson hits back after farm shop produce said to be much pricier than supermarket  Sharing the short clip on Instagram with his 3.5 million followers, Nick slammed the Unholy singer saying: “This is so cringe bro I can't”, followed by a laughing emoji. The sportsman is no stranger to controversy himself, with his most notorious moment in 2019 when he threw a chair onto the court after receiving a game penalty for swearing at a fan during a set. Nick isn’t the only famous face to have taken aim at Sam’s comments, as broadcaster Piers Morgan doubled down on his previous criticisms of the singer. Piers reposted the One Show clip on Twitter, simply captioning it: “Sam Smith needs to shut up.”  The journalist has been a vocal critic of the award-winning singer, branding their Brit Awards outfit as them being “over-thirsty for attention”, and mocking their pronouns. The Stay With Me singer has been the target of much online criticism this year following their performances of the hit song Unholy at the Brit and Grammy Awards. At the Grammys, Sam and singer Kim Petras took home the Best Pop Duo Performance for the track, making Grammy history as Kim became the first openly transgender artist to receive it. However, focus for the evening was drawn to the duo’s performance as they were dressed in bright red outfits, dancing against a backdrop of flames. Don't miss... Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [LATEST] Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [LATEST] Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST]  A handful of complaints were made to the Federal Communications Commission according to TMZ which claimed the performance was “satanic”. Oasis frontman Noel Gallagher also blasted the singer on a Dutch radio station saying: “Music has become quite fractured and chart music is dominated by pop. “Pop music is alright if the pop stars are cool. “Sadly the stars of today are f***ing idiots.”  When asked for examples of the pop stars he was referring to, Noel quickly answered: “Sam Smith” and also referred to the singer’s black latex Brits outfit. The globally renowned pop star revealed their pronoun change in 2019 on Instagram, sharing with their 14 million followers: “After a lifetime of being at war with my gender I’ve decided to embrace myself for who I am, inside and out.” Since changing their pronouns, viewers have been quick to call out hosts and presenters like Sir Bob Geldof and Richard Madeley for misgendering the singer.