1000lb Sisters fans say Tammy Slaton "proved us wrong" after sharing a slurry of new pictures overnight, showing off her weight loss. The TLC reality star was all smiles as she appeared confident with her new, much healthier, lifestyle. She impressed viewers by dropping the pounds after weighing in at more than 740lbs when first appearing on TV all the way back in 2019. Now looking worlds away from her early days, Tammy posed up a storm as she posed for a carousel of snaps shared on her official Instagram account. She had previously closed her page, taking a brief break from social media while recovering from surgery, but now Tammy appears to be back. The reality star still appears to be utilising the assistance of a medical device as she posed in a sweet floral attire for her set of selfies. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Tammy wore her glasses and appeared to apply some light make-up for the newly-released pictures – finishing off her get-up with a gold necklace. Pouting for the camera, her new uploads have been showered with praise after attracting more than 52,000 likes and 5,000 comments from fans. Fans said they were all "rooting" for Tammy who currently stars alongside her sassy sister Amy in the fourth season of 1000lb Sisters on TLC. User @illglamronnie wrote in the post's comments: "I think I speak for everyone when I say WE ARE SO PROUD OF YOU." While @rdstarling commented: "Gotta admit Tammy, you proved a whole lot of us wrong. Way to go & keep it up!" Instagrammer @morganmom99 said: "Omg Tammy you look amazing! And no more trach! I have cried on every episode this season! You freakin did it girl! I am so proud of you!" Account @lisa2023adams added: "Wow, what a big difference keep going Tammy." While @wingmom89 wrote: "We are rooting for you Tammy! You deserve a good life. Never let anyone tell you otherwise." (sic) Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST] Tammy Slaton showered with praise after huge weight loss milestone  [LATEST] 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton says her weight is 'intimidating'  [LATEST] Her posts come after stunning fans alongside sister Amy as the pair recently attended an MMA fighting event in Southern Indiana. Showing off their slimmer frames, the sisters looked incredible as fans gushed over their "impressive" transformations, calling them both "unrecognisable". The pictures have since had thousands of shares on Reddit, with fans praising Tammy for making "so much progress" and "standing unassisted". "Good for Tammy. She's made so much progress that she looks almost unrecognisable," gushed one 1000lb Sisters viewer. The outing comes after Tammy told viewers she was still found "intimidating" despite slimming down to 550lbs from her initial 740lbs. Speaking in a confessional clip, Tammy admitted: "I can be a little intimidating I guess, cause of my size and I've got resting b***h face." Despite calling herself "super-size big", she went on to praise herself, saying she was a "beautiful woman". "I'm not a BBW, I'm an SSBBW - super-size big, beautiful woman," Tammy quipped. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA.