Scratch-like markings have been spotted on trees over Cannock Chase, amid long-running claims 'big cats' live in the sprawling Staffordshire woods. Marks have been left on two trees in the old Brindley Village area, close to where wildlife hunters allegedly put up 'scented carpets'to catch traces of the apex predators back in September 2022. It is not clear what has caused the markings, but the indentations on one of the trees appears as if sharp objects have been used to break the bark, like a large paw. Thin, narrow lines can be seen within the scratch-like marks. The bark on another tree nearby appears to have been damaged, too, but to less an extent. The photographs were taken this week by historian Richard Pursehouse, who claims to have seen a 'puma' twice over Cannock Chase in the past, with the first 'sighting' taking place 12 years ago. He believes any apex predators living amid the 50-square miles of greenery would have probably died out by now, but the claw-like marks will no doubt attract interest from wildlife enthusiasts. It is believed big cats could have been roaming the British countryside over the past 50 years, after new laws were brought into the UK during the 1970s. The laws concerned wild and dangerous animals and it is believed big cats, such as leopards and pumas, could have been released into the wild. Big areas of natural environment in the UK have become hotspots for so-called sightings, also including Bodmin Moor in Cornwall and the Quantock Hills in Somerset. In September, pieces of 'scented carpet' were found nailed to trees over Cannock Chase. It was thought the fabric had scents which could attract a big cat, like a puma, to rub up against it - where the nails would catch traces of its fur and blood. At the time, Mr Pursehouse said: "Apparently specialists use the carpet as a way of finding routes used by big cats. The nails sticking out are intended to draw blood or catch hair, which then gets caught on the ribbed carpet and can be used for DNA testing." In September, pieces of 'scented carpet' were found nailed to trees over Cannock Chase. It was thought the fabric had scents which could attract a big cat, like a puma, to rub up against it - where the nails would catch traces of its fur and blood. At the time, Mr Pursehouse said: "Apparently specialists use the carpet as a way of finding routes used by big cats. The nails sticking out are intended to draw blood or catch hair, which then gets caught on the ribbed carpet and can be used for DNA testing." Mr Pursehouse said it is possible the carpets could have been a 'wind up' however he claims to have been told of the same method allegedly used by ex-members of the armed forces over in Bodmin, Cornwall. Talking about his sightings of big cats over Cannock Chase, he previously said: "It was a puma, a full black puma. "It was about 12 years ago. They can live for 30-odd years." "The first time I saw it, it was quite a distance. The second time, it was like 'oh, there is that funny looking black Labrador again'." "I thought 'it is not - it is a black cat'. There is enough deer over there and a lot were released over Cannock Chase since the 1960s and 1970s." "Whether it is off spring or not, but there is plenty to eat. It crossed in front of me, so I didn't see the head, but it was the tail. It was a dead giveaway." "I saw it disappear into the bushes. It was a round tail, all the way down to the floor with a little flick at the bottom." "No dog has got a tail with a little flick at the bottom. I was 20 yards away from it. It can survive over there, it has got 3,500 deer, it can survive on roadkill." Meanwhile, a dog-walker called Jan told BlackCountryLive in February that she had heard rumours of the 'black panther'. She recalled, many years ago, a resident claimed to 'have had a photo of a sheep', which had been killed in a way that raised suspicion of the apex predator's existence in Cannock Chase.