Brighter weather is on the way and cleaning windows will be a task many homeowners will be keen to do in a bid to say ‘goodbye winter and hello spring’. Jade Oliver, Showroom Stylist at Express Bi-Folding Doors has shared her top tips to ensure windows are squeaky clean and they involve hoovering the glass, using vinegar and the best ways to get rid of annoying streak marks left behind when cleaning. Jade said, “spring is not only a good time to refresh windows after a long winter, but it’s also the optimum time to get the best cleaning results”. “Cleaning windows in winter is not only dangerous, but it can also add frustrations as the windows will soon require another clean,” she added. “To maintain them to a high standard, they would need to be cleaned once or twice per week. “In the summer, the direct sunlight can make the job frustrating and reveal streaks, so we’d recommend making the most out of spring. “The weather is mild, so there isn’t always a risk of rain, the sun won’t affect the finish and they can be cleaned less often. Start monthly until the summer, and then up it to bi-monthly if needed.” READ MORE: Two easy methods to clean your patio without a pressure washer Jade recommends “for both inside and out, there will be a build-up of dirt on windows all over the home”. “It’s tempting to spray each area with hot soapy water immediately, however, this will make the dust stick to the glass and you’re simply moving it around rather than removing it,” she explained. “Use a duster to loosen any dust particles first, and then try gently vacuuming with the bristle attachment to avoid scratching the surface. “Finally, to get into any tougher nooks and crannies such as the corners and rims, work in a feather duster to manipulate the grime.” Don't miss... Sign you’re intelligent if you can spot the lightbulb in this illusion [BRAIN TEASER ] 'Perfectly crispy’ bacon by sprinkling unusual ingredient over the top [VIDEO ] Kate is ‘most relaxed as a parent’ with one child in particular  [COMMENT] After removing any debris and dust, it’s time to get scrubbing. Jade said: “As well as using hot soapy water and a squeegee for a squeaky-clean finish, there is also another ingredient to include. "The acidity of white vinegar helps remove the waxy layer caused by cleaning products. “This film is a magnet for streak marks, so adding a splash of white vinegar to your cleaning routine will help remove them. Mix equal parts white vinegar and hot water for the ultimate budget-friendly window cleaning spray.” READ MORE: I tried Kärcher’s ‘top of the range’ steam cleaner - thoughts The expert revealed: “No matter how clean the window is, water marks and streaks can make them look scruffy. “Although using an unscented and uncoloured glass cleaner is essential, the key ingredient is the cloth. Using an old rag, duster or newspaper will only spread the spots on the glass, whereas a microfibre cloth folded correctly will do the trick. “Ensure that it’s folded over at least once so no oils from your skin make their way through the material and smear on the glass. The small fibres in a microfibre cloth will absorb whatever they come in contact with. “Ensure there is a distance between your hand and the window by folding the cloth and scrub from left to right. Rubbing in circles will create a static that dust can stick to.” Jade said: “If you don’t want to hire a professional cleaner or live in a flat, you can try to clean your windows from the inside. Both sides of a window need to be spotless for the best results, leaving one side dirty will result in a poor finish, however, safety is paramount. “If you can clean from the outside, extendable products are key here. Rinse the windows with a hose and use an extended mop with hot, soapy water (and white vinegar). “Lean into the mop and let your body weight apply the correct pleasure to rub off the dirt. Use an extended scraper to remove any excess liquid to avoid streaks. “If you a cleaning from the inside, for safety we’d recommend using a magnetic window cleaner, so you don’t have to lean out too far, and clean it as if it was inside.”