Frogmore Cottage has been home to several different members of the Royal Family in recent years, from Meghan Markle and Prince Harry to Princess Eugenie and her husband, Jack Brooksbank. The multi-million pound Windsor property is tipped to welcome yet another new resident following King Charles's move to "evict" the former Duke and Duchess of Sussex. Following a recent £2.4million renovation, the quaint home is in good shape for Prince Andrew to make his own, and it doesn't disappoint inside. Prince Harry and Meghan have called California home since 2020, leaving Frogmore Cottage empty for the most part. While the couple has rented the property after it was gifted by Queen Elizabeth II for their marriage, it has now been offered to Prince Andrew after King Charles decided to "evict" them. As part of the Crown Estate, the property was previously maintained using taxpayer funds despite not being open to the public. In 2019 £2.4 million was spent on renovating the cottage, which can be found in Home Park, Windsor, though this was paid back by Meghan and Prince Harry when they moved to the US. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan left 'stunned' by King's decision to evict them The renovations saw the couple put their own modern stamp on the quintessentially British home. In pictures released by Meghan and Harry in their Netflix documentary, viewers were given a rare look inside the Grade-II-listed property which boasts five bedrooms. The kitchen features a large island counter with plenty of space around it - ideal for the pair to socialise in private and spend time cooking together. While the foundation of the home's 1801 interior still remains, interior designer Benji Lewis pointed out that it has been carefully updated with an industrial-style finish. DON'T MISS...Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes [LATEST]Meghan and Harry's biographer hits out at King's 'cruel' eviction [INSIGHT]Prince William and Kate mark St David's Day and attend army parade [ANALYSIS] As reported by the Daily Mail, the designer also noted that the smaller British home is a "far cry" from their current Santa Barbara mansion. Though much smaller than their $14million home in the US, the property features everything the couple would have needed while living there. From a practical desk area in the kitchen to generous amounts of counter space and a useful hanging rail, the cosy home looks both put-together and practical. In 2019, it was reported that Meghan had enlisted the help of Vicky Charles, the top designer of the Soho House clubs, to help decorate Frogmore Cottage. READ MORE: Prince William makes 'groundbreaking' gesture towards Kate in Wales While the kitchen is more modern and industrial than the rest of the cottage, there is a clear theme throughout. Light parquet wooden flooring in the kitchen and bright neutrals in the lounge replicate the clean, Scandinavian-inspired interiors which Kate, Princess of Wales also chose for Anmer Hall. White and cream linen-look furniture can be seen in the lounge, which features painted rag-roll walls in a blend of neutral shades. Traditional features throughout the home maintain the royal feel, including an antique rug in the sitting room and large framed artwork hung on the walls. The view from the cottage-style sash windows is typical of a royal home, with acres of greenery to enjoy from the private house which served as the setting for many memories made by Prince Harry and Meghan as newlyweds. Pictures that were taken inside the property document events like Meghan's first pregnancy with their son, Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, and their daughter Lillibet's first birthday party. A sweet image of Prince Harry and Meghan joined on the sofa by her mother, Doria Ragland, a newborn Archie and their dog, Pula was also taken at the cottage. In the gardens, sprawling green lawns surround the tucked-away home which could soon belong to Prince Andrew when he moves out of the much larger Royal Lodge.