Paul Merson, one of Britain's most loved pundits and a Sky Sports regular, has described Tottenham Hotspur's clash with Italian giants AC Milan tonight as season-defining as the north Londoners chase down their last chance of silverware this year. Spurs take on Milan at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium vying for a spot in the quarter-finals of the Champions League, European football's most cherished tournament. And the Arsenal legend believes the return of manager Antonio Conte to the Spurs dugout could be vital for the English team in getting across the lines. Spurs head into tonight's game needing a win to overturn the 1-0 loss they sustained last month when the sides first met at Milan's iconic San Siro stadium in northern Italy. Conte, who has been recovering from gallbladder surgery, briefly returned to the sidelines during his recovery, overseeing the last 16 encounter with Milan, before handing back over the reins to his assistant Cristian Stellini. But news of Conte's return has boosted the belief that Spurs can roar back to clinch the two-goal margin of victory they need to progress. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Merson described the Italian manager as "big" for Spurs, hailing him as "one of the best managers about" despite some indifferent results since joining the side in November 2021. Merson said: "I know it hasn't been great at Tottenham but they are fourth in the league, in the Champions League still so there are a lot of clubs that would swap. But it is the football. "But for me, everyone wants to see a winning team. There's no point playing fantastic football and being fifth-bottom. People will soon get fed up with that, and everybody (rivals) saying, 'I love watching so and so play,' well of course you do because there are loads of goals going in at the other end. "So I think he will help, but I just think the top four looked a shoo-in at one stage and now Liverpool are back or seem back, and I think it's going to be really, really tough for Tottenham." Tottenham, who haven't claimed a trophy since the 2008 League Cup win, have endured a disastrous spell in recent matches, seeing their hopes of winning the FA Cup evaporate after a loss to Championship highfliers Sheffield United, and top four ambitions hit with a loss to Wolverhampton Wanderers. JUST IN: Conte returns for Milan tie with Richarlison woe During the season Tottenham had appeared well placed to finish in the Premier League's top four places, and with it, a place in next season's lucrative Champions League, with rivals Liverpool and Chelsea faltering. But Spurs striker Son Heung-min said ahead of the crunch match tonight that Tottenham "have to bounce back" after a disastrous seven days. He said: "The most important thing is [tonight] - we have the most important game of the season. "The players are looking forward to it, under the lights in our stadium and we have to give everything to make the fans proud and the club proud and to make us proud." Don't miss... Tottenham may miss out on four targets due to Antonio Conte suspicions [INSIGHT] Harry Kane transfer labelled 'completely gaga' in Tottenham boost [LATEST] Tottenham stars 'tired' of Conte as hierarchy consider left-field duo [ANALYSIS] Fans raged at Spurs after the loss to Sheffield United, with caretaker coach Stellini suggesting the whole mentality of the club had to change in order for his side to again win silverware. And for Son, he accepted the fans' frustration after a "painful week". "To be a good season," the South Korean star continued. "We have to do our best things. We are still in the Champions League and fighting for the top four." He added: "Everyone dreams of playing in the Champions League. Words are not enough - we have to prepare and have a clear plan. If we turn it around it could change the season and give us a little confidence and boost." Prior to Conte's return, the club's doctors were "really worried" about him, the 53-year-old boss said as he was interviewed in the build-up to Wednesday's match against Milan. He has missed the past four games, which also included 2-0 wins against London rivals West Ham and Chelsea, but said he was in a better position to take the dugout once more and encourage his team to victory. He said: "I have to still recover weight but for the rest I am OK. My feeling is good. I have a lot of energy. I will try to transfer my energy to my players because it is an important game for us." Conte admitted to wanting to return for his side's match against Sheffield United. "But the doctor stopped me and said you have to listen to us and wait", the former Italy national team coach said. The ex-Juventus manager continued: "I wanted to come back early but in this case, I should respect the doctors because they were really worried after the game against Milan, and for this reason, I came back on Sunday. "Now I am well and yesterday during the training session I had a lot of energy." He also explained that he "under-evaluated" what pressure the surgery would place upon his body as he rushed back from the operating theatre to be with his side. But he has managed to keep informed on how the side have been training thanks to Stellini. Conte added: "From afar I tried to stay very close with my staff and players with video, but to be present it is totally different. "I have to say thanks to the whole staff. I know it wasn't easy for the players to be away from the coach. Now I am back I am really happy." 