Royal Mail will raise the price of its first-class stamps to £1.10, the postal service confirmed today. From April 3, Britons will have to fork out an additional 15p for the stamps, with second-class also due to rise. The price for second-class stamps will rise by 7p to 75p as the company tackles plummeting letter volumes. Royal Mail executives said they made the decision with "careful consideration" after finding volumes had dropped by 25 percent during the pandemic. Nick Landon, chief commercial officer at Royal Mail, said the company wants to keep prices "affordable" despite the changes. He said: "We appreciate that many businesses and households are facing a challenging economic environment and we are committed to keeping our prices affordable. "We have to carefully balance our pricing against a continued decline in letter volumes and the increasing costs of delivering letters six days a week to an ever-growing number of addresses across the country." READ MORE: Queen Elizabeth appears for final time on stamps for anniversary The planned changes mean that the first-ever stamps to pass £1 will bear King Charles III's portrait. Royal Mail will issue new purple-backed stamps, the first with a new monarch's face since 1953, on April 4. The company's planned price changes will come while it remains bound by the Universal Services Obligation (USO). USO ensures the service delivers and collects letters and parcels six days a week while keeping a uniform price tariff. With today's announcement, chiefs said they remain committed to the policy. But they said the price of maintaining the agreement have become more difficult to meet. The company is expecting a nine-figure full-year loss of between £350 million and £450 million. Executives have previously petitioned the Government to make alterations to the Universal Services Obligation. In January, Royal Mail requested a change that would allow it to stop making Saturday letter deliveries, dropping a key aspect of the agreement that guarantees six-day service. Postal service regulator Ofcom has said the “overall scope of the USO remains appropriate”, and the Government has no plans to make these requested changes.