There had been some Tory MPs, who would rather have a Labour government than see their former leader back in Downing Street, who had believed Rishi Sunak had pulled off a masterstroke which killed off any chances of a Boris-led coup. They were wrong. With a nonchalant deftness, Mr Johnson today delivered an eviscerating critique of his successor and Brexit deal he struck just a few days ago. It started with a "by the way..." He said: "By the way when I left office we were just a few points behind in the polls." Mr Sunak - as avid readers of Express.co.uk know only too well - has been facing Labour poll leaders of more than 20 points since he seized the Downing Street crown in the coup his supporters orchestrated against Liz Truss last autumn and following the one which removed Johnson before the summer. It was a clear message to any who had any doubts that Mr Johnson believes, as so many of his supporters do, that he is the only one who can bring them back from the brink which could even see the Tories relegated to the fourth largest party at an election. But then came the real killer punch. As dozens of Tory MPs no doubt were tuning in from the very five-star hotel where Sunak struck his deal on Monday and had since brought them to an away day today, his words will have sent tremors through the gathering. "This does not take back control," Mr Johnson simply stated of Mr Sunak's deal and explained why the unilateral approach in the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill was better. He warned that Sunak was taking the country down a path where part of the UK - Northern Ireland - was seeking permission to get around EU law and not talking about UK law. "It is just a version of the deal they offered to Liz Truss," he added with damning faint praise. Obviously, Truss and Johnson had already rejected that. And then like an exiled King returning to the Highlands, the banner was raised for rebellion. He said: "I don't think I can vote for it." With the European Research Group of Tory Brexiteers having their star chamber of lawyers consider the Windsor Framework over the next fortnight, Mr Johnson has given them licence to protest. It is worth noting that more than 50 turned up at the ERG meeting on Tuesday, concerned about the deal. That is a potentially large rebellion. What that means is that Suunak may still be relying on Labour votes to get this deal through. That would be a disaster for him and open the door for a revolt.  Even though Johnson insisted he "does not think he will do anything big in politics again", nobody really believes him. "It's like Caesar rejecting the crown in the Shakespeare play," one MP noted. And there was much more to this speech. After all the bluster and words games and funny nicknames for people like Sir Keir Starmer, there was vision. The statesman inside Boris Johnson was evident in full force. He linked Brexit, the Northern Ireland deal with Ukraine and the greater picture of the desire for freedom, democracy and capitalism. Brexit for him was an expression of freedom and the desire for self-rule - this is where he believes Sunak has failed with his deal with Ursula von der Leyen. The next two weeks will be intense around this issue but one thing is clear Boris Johnson is far from out of the game. Northern Ireland has become the first battleground, soon to be followed by the Budget and tax rises, and then the local election results. Mr Johnson has made his leadership pitch. And it is compelling.