Sheila first appeared on the star-studded Channel 4 spin-off series alongside pal Gyles and quickly became a fan favourite. However, she has recently claimed she was "sacked" for complaining about how much nudity she had to watch when Naked Attraction was the TV show of choice. The acting legend admitted she and Channel 4 bosses clashed over the racy clips which she had to comment on for the series. She told The Mirror: "I used to love doing it with Gyles, but they sacked me from that. Well, they did not ask me back. "I think it was because there were a lot of shows with penises in and because it went down [well] with the audience, they kept showing them to us. “Eventually I phoned up the lady on the edit and said, 'I am enjoying the show, but do you think we can have anything other than penises?’ and she was quite angry.” Express.co.uk has contacted Channel 4 for a comment. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' The acting legend admitted she and Channel 4 bosses clashed over the racy clips which she had to comment on for the series. She told The Mirror: "I used to love doing it with Gyles, but they sacked me from that. Well, they did not ask me back. "I think it was because there were a lot of shows with penises in and because it went down [well] with the audience, they kept showing them to us. “Eventually I phoned up the lady on the edit and said, 'I am enjoying the show, but do you think we can have anything other than penises?’ and she was quite angry.” Express.co.uk has contacted Channel 4 for a comment. She later fumed in a separate interview: "They’re not really interested in our opinions on what they’re giving us. I’d seen Gogglebox and I thought, ‘Oh, [ours] is the grown-up version, is it? "But it’s your reaction to 12 dangling willies they want. They’re searching for ways to make me go: 'Urgh!'." Celebrity Gogglebox came after the success of the original Gogglebox where ordinary families would sit down to catch up on the week's TV. It is approaching its 10-year anniversary and will be celebrating with a one-off special which brings back old favourites to give their reactions. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [LATEST] Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection [WATCH] James Jordan warns 'best skater' may not win Dancing On Ice  [INSIGHT] The 90-minute special will air on Saturday, March 11 at 9pm on Channel 4, with Dom and Steph Parker and Sandra Martin and Sandi Bogle already being confirmed. Sandi left the show in 2016, followed by Sandra in 2017 with Dom and Steph also leaving in 2016. Channel 4 has labelled the special 10th-anniversary programme "a chance to look back at our favourite TV from the last decade and also our favourite Goggleboxers with whom we've watched it". There are just two original pairs starring in Gogglebox today. Stephen Webb, who was first on the show with his ex-boyfriend Chris Ashby-Steed. The couple unfortunately split and resulted in Chris leaving the show in 2018, with Stephen now being joined by his husband Daniel on the sofa. The Siddiqui family have also been in the series from the beginning and don't look as if they are leaving anytime soon. Gogglebox's 10-year anniversary special will air on Saturday, March 11, at 9pm on Channel 4.