Gary Lineker will return to screens as part of the BBC this coming weekend after the broadcaster made a U-turn and apologised for the situation regarding the Match of the Day host. In crunch talks, BBC director general Tim Davie reached an agreement for the former England striker to host coverage of Manchester City’s FA Cup tie with Burnley on Saturday, while Lineker has also claimed he will host MOTD the same evening. Davie sent an email to BBC staff on Monday morning following the news of Lineker’s return, confirming that there would be an independent review of the BBC’s social media guidance which the host is in favour of, while admitting that the previous policy had “caused potential confusion”. Davie praised the BBC staff covering the constantly-evolving story themselves at a time when the likes of Ian Wright and Alan Shearer will reportedly not face any punishment for leading the boycott following Lineker’s removal from MOTD on Friday. The leaked email, as per Sky News, in full read: “Dear all, I want to acknowledge how challenging the last few days have been and to say how grateful I am for all your work during this weekend’s disruption. Thank you in particular to the teams in Sport who have dealt with some unprecedented challenges. Also, I want to pay tribute to our News teams for covering the story professionally and independently. JUST IN Lineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [LATEST] “My priority has been to get this matter resolved and our sport content back on air for our audiences. This morning I’m pleased to say that we’ve agreed a way forward with Gary and his team. You all know the importance I place on impartiality at the BBC. At the same time, we must champion the right to freedom of expression. That’s a difficult balancing act to get right where people are subject to different contracts and on-air positions, and with different social media profiles. “Our social media guidance, introduced in 2020, is designed to help manage these sometimes difficult challenges. Overall, much of it has worked well. However, I recognise there are grey areas which has caused potential confusion. That’s why we’ve announced a review led by an independent expert - reporting to the BBC Executive - on our social media guidance, with a particular focus on how it applies to freelancers outside news and current affairs. We will announce who will conduct that review shortly. Don't miss... John Barnes fumes 'BBC can't have it both ways' in Lineker row [INTERVIEW] Gary Lineker to receive BBC apology before Match of the Day return [LATEST] Inside BBC's Lineker meltdown with 'staff sessions' to take place [ANALYSIS] “While this work is undertaken, the current social media guidance remains in place. Gary is in favour of such a review and I’m pleased that he will be back on air this coming weekend. Gary is a brilliant broadcaster and a valued part of the BBC. I also know how much the organisation means to him. “We’ve had a difficult weekend. But it’s right that we listen and that we ask ourselves questions to ensure that we continue to fight for a BBC that delivers world-class, impartial output for all audiences. “Overall, over the last two years, we have seen strong audience research showing that we are delivering fair and balanced output. We are one of the most trusted brands globally and in this polarised world we are needed more than ever. Thanks to everyone for continuing to support that work. Best wishes, Tim.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE. 