  Countryfile host Helen Skelton, 39, has apparently been spending some “one-on-one” time Strictly Come Dancing pro Vito Coppola, 30, as the pair grew close on the live tour. Reports claim the pair have “bonded” after spending time together on the show tour bus as it travelled between UK cities.      Helen reached the final of BBC One talent show Strictly late last year with her dedicated dance partner Gorka Márquez, 32. However, as the Spanish dancer sadly wasn’t able to commit to travelling around the country, she appears to have formed another close bond with a different Strictly pro. Vito was paired up with former X Factor star Fleur East, who also made it to the finals of the show before Hamza Yassin and Jowita Przystal went on to lift the glitterball trophy. Mother-of-three Helen has reportedly since formed a close connection with Vito, with the pair bonding over their mutual love of the outdoors and other common interests. READ MORE: Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable    According to the Mirror, the pair have also been stepping out on some casual dates. A source told the publication: “Helen and Vito were good friends during Strictly, but really bonded on tour. “There were two buses for the cast – the party bus and the quiet bus. “They spent a lot of time chatting on the quiet bus and getting to know each other. They have a lot in common – a love of the outdoors, for example.     “Between shows they also spent time together one-on-one, like going for coffee, just the two of them. “Then, if the whole group went for dinner, they would sit together, deep in conversation.” “If anyone pulled out a phone and started filming, Helen would move away from Vito,” the source added. “She didn’t want to be captured in the background.” Express.co.uk have contacted Helen, Vito and BBC reps for comment. READ MORE... Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint [NEWS] Piers Morgan claims Charles has 'drawn a line' after kicking out Harry [NEWS] Rod Stewart offers to pay US treatment for fan unable to walk [INSIGHT]     Helen split from her husband Richie Myler, 32, last year - just months before she joined the 2022 cast of Strictly Come Dancing. The former Blue Peter presenter was married to the Leeds Rhinos rugby player for eight years before the pair finally separated just months after she had given birth to their third child. Just a few months after that, it was announced that Richie is expecting another child with his new girlfriend Stephanie Thirkhill, 32. Helen announced her split from Richie back in April via Instagram just four months after welcoming their daughter.       At the time she wrote: “Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. “He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children.” The pair now co-parent their three young children: Ernie, seven, Louis, five and one-year-old daughter Elsie. Despite experiencing more than her fair share of heartbreak in 2022, Helen found new joy on the dancefloor with Strictly.  