Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will make a "step in the right direction" if they attend King Charles' Coronation, a royal historian said. Author Gareth Russell also said the Duke and Duchess of Sussex could "soften" their feud with Buckingham Palace if they don't use the Coronation as fodder for Netflix. Speaking to Us Weekly, the author of The Palace: From the Tudors to the Windsors said there was still "suspicion" surrounding the pair following the release of their Netflix docu-series and Prince Harry's memoir. He said: "I think if the Sussexes go, I would hope it could be a step in the right direction. "I think there are a lot of jokes doing the rounds in Britain that if they do turn up, the Royal Family had better ask them to sign an NDA, or check if they're wearing microphones." He added: "There is a sense that anything and everything could end up on Netflix, or anything and everything could end up in a book. "There is probably a certain amount of suspicion of the Sussexes' links to the media, which is ironic, given Prince Harry's lifelong campaign against media intrusion." Mr Russell also said doubts between the Sussexes and the bulk of the Royal Family "might soften" if they spend time together at the Coronation. Harry and Meghan last week confirmed they had received an invite to the Coronation - but did not immediately say whether they planned to attend. A spokesperson for the couple said: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation. "An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time." Don't miss... Harry and Meghan's fate foreshadowed by past royal evictions [INSIGHT] Coronation threat as top royals not 'bothered' about Coronation [LATEST] Meghan Markle puts her own needs before Harry’s, expert claims  [ANALYSIS] It has since been revealed that Princess Lilibet Diana and Prince Archie were reportedly not included in the invitation from Buckingham Palace. A royal source told The Sunday Telegraph that the Sussexes' children were "very young" and might struggle to cope with the Coronation fanfare. But Prince George, 9, and Princess Charlotte, 7, are expected to take part in the service. Queen Consort Camilla's five grandchildren are also set to take part. However, Prince William and Kate Middleton are said to be mulling whether or not they will bring Prince Louis, who is turning five next month.