Mark Wright has taken to Instagram to say he is on his way to Spain. The Heart Radio host sadly isn't going for a holiday, but instead, to do an intense renovation on a home he owns on the Balearic Island. The 36-year-old admitted he has just three weeks to sort the apartment out before the hotel opens for the season. The reality star did not look best pleased as he informed his 1.8 million followers of the "nightmare" he is having. Uploading a video, Mark captioned it: "30 hour drive to Mallorca, and 2.5 weeks to completely refurb an apartment, that was left to be done last year and turned in to building nightmares. "As they say, if you want it done Wright, then DIY!"(sic) READ MORE: Carol Vorderman works out showing off ultra tiny waist in gym wear Mark went into further detail in the clip, saying he wouldn't arrive until the early hours of Tuesday. If you know me you know that one side of my business life is property development," he started. "Just over a year ago I bought an apartment in Mallorca and I left some Spanish builders to deal with it. "And let's just say... a nightmare, is exactly what it was."(sic) Mark didn't go into exactly what had happened but explained that it needed a "complete refurb" and had tiles falling off the walls. The husband of Michelle Keegan, who was accompanied by close friend John Elmes, said he had dismissed "ridiculous" quotes in favour of doing the job himself. "I like to look after my pennies," he stated. However, he continued: "I should've started the refurb at the start of the winter before it opens in the summer. Don't miss... Piers Morgan demands BBC suspend David Attenborough over Lineker row [LATEST] Gene Hackman in very rare outing as he's seen for first time in years [PICTURES] Kim Kardashian taken off Met Gala 2023 guest list in Vogue crack down [ROW] "Not me. Typical, left it to the last minute - been trying to get other options so I don't have to go there." Clearly having failed in his mission, Mark went on to clarify what he was facing. He added: "The flat right now is like a bomb's hit it. It's all over the show... "We've got to get there, fix what's broken and do a complete refurb." He was inundated with supportive replies, with sammyjay84 commenting: "Good luck! Looking forward to seeing the progress… DIY SOS the Wright way - show em how it’s done!" Hobson6023 wrote: "Wow I'm sure you boys have got this, if your one thing sunshine, your not a quitter."(sic) There was no sign of actress Michelle in the update, who wed Mark back in 2015. Her last update on Instagram was on March 4, when she shared snaps of her night at the theatre with her family.