While living costs remain high, Britons are being urged to check whether they’re claiming all of the financial support they may be eligible for. Attendance Allowance is a benefit distributed by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) to people of state pension age (currently 66) or over and happens to be significantly underclaimed by thousands. In August 2022 there were 1.6 million Attendance Allowance (AA) claimants across Great Britain, an increase of 45,000 from August 2021. However, while 1.4 million claimants were receiving payment, 140,000 (nine percent) were entitled to the benefit but not receiving it, recent DWP benefit statistics show. The benefit has broad eligibility criteria, with many common health conditions qualifying a person for the support. Arthritis is one of the most claimed conditions, and it’s one that is thought to affect around 10 million people in the UK, the NHS has said. Arthritis is a medical condition that causes pain and inflammation in joints. While the condition can be seen amongst all age groups, it’s most common in those aged 40 and over, and thousands of state pensioners could be living with it without knowing they could be eligible for extra support. Currently, the benefit can be worth up to £400.40 a month at its highest rate, equating to £4,804.80 per year. READ MORE: Women will have to work until 81 to achieve male pension, study says  From April, the rate will be worth even more as benefits rise in line with September 2022’s inflation rate of 10.1 percent, bringing the highest payment up to around £441 a month and a much more sizeable £5,291 a year. It’s also worth noting that those who claim and are successful will also be entitled to the disability cost of living payment of £150 coming later this year. To claim, the person must be of or over the state pension age (66) and be in Great Britain (England, Scotland, or Wales). They must have also been in Great Britain for the last two years - although this doesn't count for refugees or those with humanitarian protection status. A person must also be habitually resident in the UK, Ireland, Isle of Man, or the Channel Islands and not subject to immigration control. A person must also have a type of disability or illness which means support or supervision is required to help with personal care.  Don't miss... Four weeks to avoid inheritance, capital gains and dividend tax raid [LATEST] Easy 'split fare' tip can reduce train ticket prices by up to '90%' [EXPLAINED] Top 10 fixed cash ISAs with high interest now [ANALYSIS] This can include anything from sight or hearing impairments and learning difficulties to mobility issues or mental health issues such as dementia or psychosis. People may also be eligible if they have difficulties with smaller, personal tasks, experience pain or need physical help. The full list of conditions that can qualify for Attendance Allowance include: READ MORE: State pension age hike may be announced by Jeremy Hunt next week  Help must have been needed for the past six months unless they have less than six months to live, and Britons also don’t need to have had a diagnosis for their condition to apply. According to the DWP, as long as they’ve needed help or supervision, or have had difficulties for six months because of their condition, they can claim it. However, it should be noted, Britons won't be able to get Attendance Allowance if they already receive Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Adult Disability Payment (ADP), or the care component of Disability Living Allowance (DLA). The rate at which Attendance Allowance is paid depends on just how much help is required, but the money doesn’t need to be spent on care. For example, it could be put towards other essentials like household bills. There are two rates of Attendance Allowance offered, the lower rate and the higher rate.  The lower rate applies to people who need help during the day or at night and currently amounts to £61.85 per week. The higher rate applies to those who need help during both the day and at night, or have a terminal illness. This currently amounts to £92.40 per week. The two rates will rise to £68.10 per week and £101.75 per week from April, respectively. Attendance Allowance isn’t a means-tested benefit, meaning current savings or income won’t affect the claim, nor will it impact other benefits received. To claim, people need to fill out a form clearly outlining the help they do need, as well as the help they don't. To pick up the form, claimants can either call the helpline on 0800 731 0122 or download it from the Government website. 