James Cleverly has insisted the Falklands are British after Argentina tore up a cooperation agreement and pushed for fresh talks on the sovereignty of the islands. Argentinian Foreign Minister Santiago Cafiero told his British counterpart about the decision when they met on the margins of a G20 summit in India. The pact struck in 2016 between Argentina and the UK pledged to "improve co-operation on South Atlantic issues of mutual interests". London and Buenos Aires had agreed to work together towards removing restrictions over fossil fuels, shipping and fishing around the Falkland Islands. The deal also noted how the two countries agreed to disagree about the islands' sovereignty. In response to the announcement, Mr Cleverly tweeted: "The Falkland Islands are British. "Islanders have the right to decide their own future - they have chosen to remain a self-governing UK Overseas Territory." Argentina claims sovereignty over the islands, which it calls Las Malvinas. The issue has put a strain on relations between Argentina and Britain for decades with the two countries waging war for 74 days in 1982 after Argentinian troops invaded the territory. British Minister for the Americas, David Rutley, said he was disappointed Buenos Aires had "chosen to step away from an agreement that has brought comfort" to the families of those killed in the 1982 war. READ ABOUT SAMANTHA MARKLE FACING RUIN The pact also allowed for a project to use DNA to identify unknown Argentine soldiers who died in the war and are buried on the Falkland Islands. The war claimed the lives of 255 British servicemen, three islanders and 649 Argentine personnel. Mr Rutley said it was "a disappointing decision" after he had had a "constructive visit" to Buenos Aires. He added: "Argentina has chosen to step away from an agreement that has brought comfort to the families of those who died in the 1982 conflict. "Argentina, the UK and the Falklands all benefited from this agreement." DON'T MISS: Date set for Boris's Partygate showdown as 24-page document released [REVEALED] SNP MP mocked for blaming vegetable shortages on leaving EU [REPORT] Officials 'seize confidential papers' from Sue Gray's home [LATEST] Buenos Aires is now demanding a meeting at the United Nations' headquarters in New York to resume sovereignty negotiations. A UN resolution issued in 1965 invites the UK and Argentina to reach a peaceful agreement over the islands' sovereignty. A statement reportedly delivered to Mr Cleverly, quoted in the Buenos Aires Times, includes an accusation Britian has not reciprocated on aspects of the deal. It read: "Argentina has sought to collaborate on concrete matters such as flights, scientific activity in Antarctica or conservation and preservation of fishing resources, 'without the willingness shown by Argentina having been reciprocated by your government'. "The United Kingdom has continuously carried out unilateral acts, which have been timely and duly protested by the Argentine Republic. "Throughout this time, the British government has systematically refused to resume the sovereignty negotiations repeatedly urged by the United Nations." However, 99.8 percent of the Falkland Islands' electorate voted in a referendum in March 2013 to remain a British Overseas Territory. The islands are situated in the south Atlantic, some 400 miles from Soouth America and 850 miles north of the Antarctic. The Falkland Islands Government said members of the Legislative Assembly are disappointed to hear of Argentina’s decision. Chair of the Legislative Assembly, MLA Leona Roberts said: "It is very disappointing that Argentina have made this decision but it is not unusual. Living in the Falkland Islands we are unfortunately very accustomed to Argentina reneging on their agreements. We supported humanitarian work related to Argentine war dead and have continued to behave as the responsible and compassionate party. "Despite this, the current Argentine government would not engage in conversations to support ocean health in the south west Atlantic or in work to remove their illegally imposed economic sanctions that restrict the freedoms of the people of the Falkland Islands as had been agreed. "We are saddened that all the hard work we have done since 2016 will be yet another example of Argentina not being adult enough to speak to our country on issues that will also support their development and are of regional and global importance." She added that discussions over sovereignty are non-negotiable, saying that 10 years ago islanders voted overwhelmingly to remain as a British Overseas Territory and "that feeling has not changed". Ms Roberts said: "We are a distinct and democratic society and Falkland Islanders showed the world again in 2022, during our 40th Anniversary, how eternally grateful we are to the United Kingdom for coming to our aid during 1982 and how we remain committed to being part of the UK family, living in freedom under the government of our choice."