Fans have been praising the new Prime Video miniseries’ attention to detail throughout Daisy Jones (played by Riley Keough) and the band’s rise to fame in the 1970s. As well as Daisy Jones and the Six’s period-accurate costumes and sets, some eagle-eyed viewers have also spotted an iconic piece of memorabilia from Elvis Presley’s 1968 comeback special. Viewers have realised one of Daisy’s guitar straps is practically identical to the one Elvis used in his comeback show. The special aired on NBC in 1968 and starred Keough’s rock ‘n’ roll pioneer grandfather performing many of his classic hits. In the second episode of the new Prime Video series, Daisy takes to the stage for the first time wearing a guitar strap with the same colourful pattern. Journalist Nora Dominick noticed the reference, posting: “The little Easter egg of Elvis Presley's guitar strap being used by Daisy Jones, aka Riley Keough, aka his granddaughter, that has really sent me over the edge with the attention to detail in Daisy Jones and the Six.” READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry And Eric Alper wrote: “In Daisy Jones and the Six, when Daisy is performing Two Against Three at The Troubadour, her guitar strap is the same as Elvis used in his 1968 comeback special. “Daisy is played by Riley Keough [and] is the daughter of Lisa Marie Presley and is Elvis's granddaughter.” Several other fans were thrilled by the attention to detail and have been praising Keough’s sweet tribute to one of her grandfather’s iconic moments. @dogmum31 tweeted: “Awwww love that!!! @RileyKeough is super talented, I'm loving Daisy Jones and the Six.” @Woodstock2196 said: “I spent all three episodes trying to find an Elvis easter egg! Glad someone tweeted it!” @w1llemdafoe wrote: “This is literally how I learned that she’s Elvis’ granddaughter. Holy s**t.” “What a sweet touch,” @proseccopunch said. “She looks like her grandpa too.” The strap itself is actually a replica called the New Yorker or the Woodstock made by Ace Strap company, a rep for the series confirmed to PEOPLE. Don't miss... Wednesday’s Jenna Ortega demanded bosses cut key scene [INTERVIEW] Keanu Reeves teases ‘surprise’ Yellowstone role [COMMENT] Bridgerton fans convinced iconic character cast in season 3 [INSIGHT] Other fans have also pointed out the strap was very common back in the day, and was also famously used by Jimi Hendrix at the Woodstock Festival in 1969. However, the use of the strap is still very likely to have been a nod to Elvis, as costume designer Denise Wingate included a number of other tributes to the King. She also worked with Love Melody, who worked with Elvis himself to design some of his most iconic outfits. “She actually made two jumpsuits for Elvis Presley,” Wingate confirmed. “So I had her make two beautiful, long coats for the show. “One is a denim leather patchwork long coat and the other a beautiful rust leather. “She made those. I thought it was nice to bring that back in the fold and have a little bit of that history.” Fans can look forward to more stunning ‘70s looks from Daisy and the rest of the band when the series returns with three more episodes this Friday. Daisy Jones and the Six continues Fridays on Prime Video.