Tripadvisor uses its wealth of reviews to find the world’s best beaches. While Gorleston-on-Sea in Norfolk was named the best beach in the UK, another stunning British beach was also ranked as one of Europe’s best. Fistral Beach on the north coast of Cornwall was named the UK’s third best beach in the new rankings. READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about 'horrible stink' from other passengers  Fistral Beach is one of the UK’s top surfing destinations and is backed by high cliffs and sandy dunes. Several of the UK’s biggest surfing competitions take place on the beach including the National Surf Championships. Waves regularly reach heights of between six and eight feet so there are plenty of opportunities for experienced surfers and beginners. The beach also has surf hire shops, surf schools with several cafes and takeaways for beachgoers. Don't miss... Best British Airways deals March 2023  [DEAL] US tourists slam British Museum because artefacts are 'stolen' [NEWS] Cruise guest explains how they ruined their holiday [CRUISE] A tourist wrote on Tripadvisor: “Lovely beach. Super dog friendly. Will be returning most definitely.” Another visitor said: “Clean, massive beach. Great bars and restaurants. There was a gentleman singing with guitar on the beach, very romantic.” One tourist said: “What a view and a lovely beach. Pity the sea was choppy but the weather was good and sunny. A perfect beach to surf.” Fistral Beach usually has lifeguards from Easter until the end of October and sand chairs are available for hire. READ MORE: I tested to see if Tuesday flights are cheapest - results The beach is split between North and South Fistral and waves have been known to reach as high as 40 feet. Boardmasters, a five day festival, takes place at Fistral Beach and several acts have already been announced for 2023. Lorde, Liam Gallagher, Little Simz, Florence + The Machine are just a few of the acts that will take to the stage this year. Festival goers can also sign up for surf lessons or volunteer for a beach clean as part of the event.