Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, has been using subtle signals to evoke "innocence" and "purity" since leaving the Royal Family and moving to the US, according to an expert in "colour psychology". Fashion expert Miranda Holder is an acclaimed stylist who was worked with a variety of celebrities in her career. She enjoys sharing her specialist knowledge on her TikTok page @themirandaholder. Miranda discussed five clever fashion tips the Duchess of Sussex uses. One way Meghan has succeeded as a fashion icon is her “investing” in separate pieces of clothing instead whole outfits according to the fashion expert. Miranda said: “Meghan almost takes a capsule wardrobe approach to dressing. Investing in beautiful quality, well-cut separates that she can mix and match together to create an almost endless array of combinations.” The fashion expert added: “She buys less, but she buys far better”. The benefit of buying good quality separate pieces of clothing is that they will last longer and give more outfit choice combinations. READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity hits new record low Miranda has also pointed out that Meghan Markle has a preference for neutral colours, which gives her a “very versatile wardrobe indeed” when coming up with outfit ideas. The Duchess of Sussex also favours an “uncluttered, clean look” according to the fashion expert. The royal also takes great care in choosing fewer accessories, which gives her a “sleek and elegant appearance” according to Miranda. Miranda said: “Meghan is a minimalist dresser, she wears clothes that are cut beautifully but are very simple, letting her presence, beauty and her personality do all the talking.”  Don't miss... Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying' [LATEST] Meghan and Harry's Coronation invite 'may be their last occasion' [REPORT] Kate Middleton's hat sparks claims she's 'copying Meghan' [INSIGHT] The stylist also called attention to Meghan Markle’s use of colour psychology when making a fashion statement. Miranda explained: “As an actress, Meghan is no stranger to the power of communication, and she has a savvy understanding of colour psychology, enabling her to communicate through her clothes without saying a single word.” Colour psychology means different colours can invoke different emotions and meanings in the viewer. For example, the colour red attracts attention and is associated with strong emotions, such as passion and anger while blue is a calming colour which shows stability and reliability. One way in which Meghan Markle invokes colour psychology is through her iconic white outfits that she is heavily associated with. Miranda explained: “Have you noticed that since she left [Britain], Meghan Markle has been wearing a lot of white? White invokes peace, innocence, and purity." People in Miranda’s TikTok comments section were impressed by Meghan Markle’s fashion sense. One person wrote: “She has such a lovely style, I’m yet to see her in something that doesn’t look good” while someone else said: “I love her style so much.” Another person wrote: “She always look fabulous” while another user said: “She always has a great sense of fashion.” However, there were also some comments that criticised the Duchess of Sussexes’ look. One woman named Christina wrote: “Didn’t Meghan spend more money on her wardrobe than any Royal in Europe in one year? She is a fashion glutton.” While somebody else said: “You can’t know her personality by her clothes as she copies everything from Diana to Catherine. It is their colour choices.”  