Tottenham star Richarlison has been warned of being banished to the club’s under-18 dressing room after hitting out at boss Antonio Conte in a damning interview following Spurs’ Champions League exit. The Brazilian came off the bench with 20 minutes remaining in north London as the hosts were unable to overturn a 1-0 first-leg deficit to AC Milan, while the Italians advanced following a stalemate on Wednesday evening. Richarlison was frustrated at being dropped in the past two games after what he described as a “good sequence” previously and hit out at Conte while not holding back in his assessment of Spurs’ season. "That's what I didn't understand. It was going well in a good sequence with two wins against West Ham and Chelsea,” Richarlison told TNT Sports. “Suddenly, he put me on the bench against Wolverhampton and put me on for five minutes. I asked why? They didn't tell me anything. They then asked me to take a test at the gym and that if I was good I would go to the game and they then left me on the bench. “These are things that it is not possible to understand. Let's see what he [Conte] will say, but there are no fools here either, I'm a professional, I work every day and I want to play. There are minutes left, time left. JUST IN Football news LIVE - Man Utd takeover U-turn, Richarlison lashes out [LATEST] "This season, excuse the word, it's been s***, because I don't have minutes, I suffered a little with the injury. But, when I enter the field, I give my life. I came from two games well, I think that's it, I think I should have played and I don't have to cry about it." Richarlison’s blunt view on Conte may have serious ramifications, as the Brazil forward has been warned by former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor that he could be demoted to the youth team by his boss for the interview, as the Italian could lay down the law on Thursday. Don't miss... Tottenham mocked for £1bn stadium flaw as fan shares AC Milan view [LATEST] Conte runs out of excuses after Spurs' Milan loss as Pochettino looms [REACTION] Tottenham have four perfect players for Mauricio Pochettino [ANALYSIS] “Richarlison, £60million he cost. Premier League goals, zero. Assists, two. All his moaning, all his rolling around on the floor, he has come out and said that he has had ‘a positive moment and Conte puts me on the bench’. His positive moment is two games, zero goals. I don’t get it,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “A positive for £60m is a couple of goals, couple of assists so don’t be moaning when you are not performing when you have been given a chance. "If I am Conte, and Conte looks like that sort of manager I reckon, I am sure his boots and kit are in the under-18s dressing room this morning.”