Nicolas Jarry was upstaged by his own son after winning his first title since serving an 11-month doping ban at the peak of his career. The Chilean won his home tournament on Sunday and has now climbed 100 spots in the rankings since the start of 2023 but all of the attention was on his baby who tried to eat the microphone during Jarry’s winning interview. Jarry won his second career title and first since his doping ban on Sunday, downing Argentina’s Tomas Martin Etcheverry 6-7(5) 7-6(5) 6-2 to win the Chile Open - the 27-year-old’s home tournament which is also operated by his family. It came after an impressive start to the 2023 season for Jarry, who also reached the semi-final in Rio before losing to Carlos Alcaraz. Despite winning in front of a home crowd to cheers of “Ole, ole, ole Nico,” the new world No 52 was outshone by someone else after having a special guest join him on the court to celebrate. Jarry’s one-year-old son Juanito watched on as his father won his second career title and was hoisted into his dad’s arms as the 27-year-old spoke to Tennis TV following his victory. With the Santiago native explaining just what the victory meant to him, all eyes were on Juanito who was trying to grab the microphone and eventually got close enough to put it into his mouth and could even be heard gurgling. “This match obviously was a very, very difficult match, do you think the experience took over this or your little son I think wants to talk?” the former world No 38 was asked as the one-year-old continued to try and chew the microphone.  Just in Djokovic could suffer due to two stars after Indian Wells withdrawal [LATEST] But the newly-crowned champion managed to compose himself amid his son’s antics and said: “It's really unbelievable. I can't believe that I'm champion in this historic tournament of my family. It means a lot to me, especially for the two weeks in a row. It's been very tough and I managed to keep on going this week. It's been amazing.” Jarry’s grandfather - former world No 14 Jaime Fillol - and his family ran the Chile Open from 1993 to 2014 before the tournament was scrapped, with sponsors failing to put money into the event with few Chilean players making waves on the ATP Tour. But after Jarry’s career-best season in 2019 and the rise of his compatriot Cristian Garin, the tournament returned with the Fillols at the helm once again. Don't miss... Schwartzman suffers 'unbearable' abuse as security protection issued [QUOTES] Emma Raducanu told she's 'getting better' despite struggles [FLASHBACK] Serena Williams' dad used flashlight in strange training method [UPDATE] However, the 27-year-old was unable to play the tournament in its return after being banned following a positive doping test during the 2019 Davis Cup. At the start of 2020, he was informed that he had tested positive for two banned substances - Ligandrol and Stanozolol - and was suspended from competing from January 14 of that year, but he successfully appealed and had his name cleared when the ITF ruled that Jarry “bore no significant fault or negligence for his violation” with his ban expiring just months later on November 15. By the time he was allowed to return to competition, Jarry had been wiped out of the rankings entirely and had to start from scratch with 0 points to his name, grinding out on the Futures and Challengers circuits before finally making waves on the ATP Tour again this year. Following his Chile Open victory he now sits at No 52 in the world after starting the year at No 152. 