On Sunday, Casemiro received a second red card of the season for Manchester United in their 0-0 draw with Southampton. And, unfortunately for the Brazil international, that now means he’s become the first player to be dismissed twice in a season since Red Devils legend Nemanja Vidic. Erik ten Hag will now have to cope without his midfield warrior for the foreseeable future, with Casemiro primed to miss the next four matches. Manchester United’s draw with Southampton means they’ve now dropped points in the Premier League for the third time in five matches. And the Red Devils were aggrieved by the officiating from Anthony Taylor during the showdown, with Casemiro receiving his marching orders in the first half. The former Real Madrid star was dismissed for a lunging tackle on Carlos Alcaraz, crying as he made his way off the field. And it means Casemiro has now become the first United player since Vidic to receive two red cards in a single season. Vidic was a huge asset for the Red Devils during the years where Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost and is regarded as one of the best centre-backs in the club’s entire history. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players But, towards the end of his time at Old Trafford, he started to struggle under David Moyes. Vidic saw red as United were beaten 3-0 by Liverpool in 2014, with Luis Suarez on song that day as Moyes’ tenure imploded around him. And he was also sent off during a 3-0 defeat to Chelsea at Stamford Bridge, with Samuel Eto’o netting a hat-trick for the Blues. Casemiro has been a key player for United ever since his blockbuster move back in the summer transfer window. But, now, the Red Devils will have to cope without their midfield warrior as they look to qualify for next season’s Champions League. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Marcel Sabitzer, who joined on loan from Bayern Munich, is set for a starting role once he returns from injury. It’s feasible the Austria international will be paired with Fred in the middle of the park, with Bruno Fernandes playing further ahead. And Ten Hag could even use Scott McTominay alongside Fred, too, despite that partnership often being criticised in recent years. Speaking after United’s draw with Southampton, meanwhile, Ten Hag bemoaned Taylor’s decision to give Casemiro his marching orders. “It is inconsistent, the referees are coming at the start of the season with a policy: we are the Premier League, we want intensity and Casemiro, across European games, over 500, he never had a red card but now, twice,” said the 53-year-old. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “He plays tough but he’s fair. Same as against Crystal Palace, so it’s very debatable. “When you freeze it [today’s challenge], it looks bad. “Everyone who knows something about football knows what is bad, what is fair and Casemiro is a fair player. “Tough, but fair and it shows over 500 games in big leagues and he was never sent off. He’s disappointed. “Definitely freeze framing is an issue. If you do it like this you have to be consistent across all games. “It’s a little bit the same as against Crystal Palace: when you saw the incident you should then have sent off three or four players and not only one if you’re really consistent.” Southampton manager Ruben Selles refused to discuss the matter, insisting it would be a ‘waste of time’. “I got a look at it but I don't want to speak about the referee's performance,” he said. "I think it's a waste of time. The referee makes a decision, sometimes it goes for you and sometimes it doesn't, that's it." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE