Beyond Paradise hit screens last month and became an instant hit with viewers. The new BBC spin-off of Death in Paradise follows DI Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and his love Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) as they navigate their new life in Devon. However, speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor who plays Marlon Pryce in Death in Paradise discussed the possibility of the shows crossing over one day. "I think it'd be really cool," Tahj began before admitting he is a huge Marvel fan. "When he announced the spin-off... I am a massive Marvel fan, I love every comic book. "So my first thought was, 'Oh my god, they are going to make a Death in Paradise cinematic universe kind of thing'. READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... "I was like, 'It's gonna be really sick', so it would be a really good idea to create your own big Death in Paradise universe of so many different spin-offs. "Say you watch Beyond Paradise and Death in Paradise and a character from that turns up." "Yeah, it will be really cool," he said before adding: "But I'm sure like I said, the producers know what they are doing and they've probably got it sussed out." The Death in Paradise and Beyond Paradise bosses have also teased whether a merger could happen. Executive producers Tom Key and Tony Jordan discussed the possibility with Express.co.uk and other press. When addressing a spoiler clip of Humphrey back in the Caribbean, Tim teased: "There is nothing I can say. "It did look like Humphrey was somewhere in the promo, you'll just have to watch." During last week's Beyond Paradise, Selwyn Patterson (Don Warrington) made an unlikely appearance as a duck. Don't miss... William and Kate savaged by James Corden as he mocks waxwork of royals [LATEST] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [REACTION] James Haskell airs concerns over wife Chloe 'divorcing' him [VIDEO] After Humphrey decided to buy a houseboat on a whim for him and Martha to live in, the boat already seemed occupied by a duck, which in turn, he named Selwyn. Death in Paradise has also been renewed for series 13, with filming expected to begin later this year. Tahj went on to explain he would love to see the return of a few fan favourites. The Marlon Pryce star hinted that "the door is always open" for Florence Cassell (Josephine Jobert).  The actor also discussed the possibility of Tobi Bakare, who played JP Hooper and Danny John-Jules, who played Dwayne Myers making a return. "Of course, Florence, I love Josephine Jobert," Tahj beamed. "She is amazing. I would love for her to come back. "There are so many characters...even Sara Martins in series 10 as Camille was a lot of fun. "There is a lot of space for any of them to return, the door is always open." Beyond Paradise returns on Friday at 8pm on BBC One.