Gogglebox aired scenes from Alice Levine's Channel 4 documentary called Sex Actually which left the cast hot under the collar on the latest instalment of the reality series. Broadcaster Alice visited a man called Steve who got intimate with his partner using virtual reality headsets where they transformed into animal avatars.  Steve's partner Austin lived across the pond in Texas and the pair had their own way of keeping their love life exciting. The couple had been in a relationship for three years, but much of that had been spent online as they were part of the virtual furry community. They pretended to be animals and had virtual intercourse with their headsets on as their animal avatars. Austin appeared via video link to discuss the "sleeves" he and Steve used to "thrust into" which had vibration settings. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview  Gogglebox cast member Helena Worthington quipped: "How come I can't get the flipping WiFi to work around the house but he can get his c**k sleave to be controlled from Texas?" Peter Sandiford remarked: "And he can use it to store tea and coffee for when you want." The cast started blushing when Steve offered to give Alice a demonstration of the rubber sleeve. A clip was then shown of the avatars having intercourse which left viewers and the Gogglebox cast stunned.   Peter searched online to see how much the sleeve cost and was amazed to find it was about £300. Viewers flocked to Twitter during the awkward scenes on Gogglebox, with many left taken aback by what they had witnessed. A confused JR penned: "What on earth did I just watch? #Gogglebox." Gemma Louise Ashton simply wrote: "I'm speechless #gogglebox." DON'T MISS...Gogglebox star breaks silence on 'hurtful' backlash to ABBA comment [LATEST]Gogglebox star claims bosses stepped in over her Boris Johnson remarks [UPDATE]Gogglebox to welcome back old favourites to celebrate 10th anniversary [INSIGHT]  Phil commented: "So many straights are surprised by furries and internet-controlled sex toys. Where have they been?" (sic) Francesca said: "What the hell have I just witnessed? #Gogglebox." Bobbie added: "I really don’t know what to say. #Gogglebox" Harrison Brocklehurst remarked: "That furry finale was hell on earth #Gogglebox."   Hairdressers Stephen and Daniel joked about the documentary content during the final few moments of the Gogglebox episode. Stephen told his partner he had better things to do than play virtual reality sex games. Daniel asked: "Like what?" Stephen quipped: "Like go to John Lewis." Gogglebox continues next Friday on Channel 4 at 9pm. 