Subscribers have only been waiting for a month since the latest edition of Love Is Blind wrapped up with its After the Altar reunion on February 10. However, it has been some months since Netflix viewers were introduced to a new crop of hopeful singles, and hosts NCIS: Hawaii star Vanessa Lachey and her husband Nick Lachey have confirmed the wait is finally over in their latest Instagram post. Lachey posed with her husband to confirm new episodes of Love Is Blind are coming to Netflix later this month. The fourth season of the addictive reality series will be dropping on Friday, March 24. In the caption, she wrote: “NEW #LoveIsBlind March 24!!! New Season! New City! “New Couples! New Love! Same ole Lacheys!!! Who’s ready for Season 4?!” READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers “Swipe to meet the cast,” she then teased fans, revealing a sneak peek at the new singles hoping to find love in the pods. April, 29, reveals her most annoying habit is being a “little needy, but that’s why I’m looking for a partner who wants to nurture me.” And Conner, 28, admits: “I constantly go, go, go, and I just - I tend to just need to reel it back in.” 28 more singletons will be joining the cast from all walks of life and of various age groups. Love Is Blind’s fourth season will undoubtedly bring the drama if the previous three instalments are anything to go by. Fans were thrilled by Lachey’s announcement, and many of her 1 million followers took to the comments in anticipation of the release in just a couple of weeks. @rgb1028 said: “Can’t wait but I’m hoping for a more likeable cast than season three.” @athena_supers commented: “I'm so excited. Hopefully we get some couples that last the long run.” Don't miss... Yellowstone ‘in trouble’ as Kevin Costner lands new role [LATEST] William and Kate’s ‘first meeting’ spotted in The Crown filming snaps [INSIGHT] The Good Lawyer star opens up on ‘debilitating OCD’ [INTERVIEW] “The Lacheys have just ‘got it’,” @wagwood gushed. “Have a great season!!!” @912steph exclaimed: “Yes !!!! Love this show. Have watched all three seasons and can’t wait for this one.” @simple_naildesigns replied: “Can’t wait! Been watching since day one.” And @taetae_mopargrl commented: “I watch ZERO reality shows except ANYTHING these two produce. Looking forward to season four!” Love Is Blind has become one of Netflix’s most popular reality shows, and it’s clear the streamer hasn’t wasted any time producing the next season. However, the wounds are still fresh from last month’s reunion special, in which some devastating revelations came to light. After the season ended with five couples saying their vows, Raven revealed she and SK were over after her partner cheated on her. Two more couples also officially split, leaving Alexa and Brennon and Matt and Colleen as the only pairs currently still going strong. NCIS Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA and Disney+ in the UK. Love is Blind is available on Netflix.