Not upgraded to the iPhone 14 just yet? Good news! Apple has just announced the launch of an update to this device, which means it can now be purchased in a brand-new colour scheme. Just in time for the spring sunshine, fans will be able to pop a Yellow model in their pockets with this bright device arriving in stores on Tuesday, March 14. This shiny new colour is available alongside some of the best iPhone 14 deals available today. If you want to make sure you get your hands on one before anyone else there's good news with Apple opening pre-orders from 1pm today. That means you can hit the buy button now and make sure you get it first on launch day. Along with that bright new shade of Yellow, the latest iPhone refresh gets all of the goodies found on the device launched last year. That means owners will be treated to a 6.1-inch display that's covered in Ceramic Sheild glass for added protection. There's also a dual-lens rear camera that takes better photos at night and also shoots wobble-free videos thanks to a clever Action Mode. MagSafe charging helps boost the battery more efficiently and there's a speedy A15 Bionic processor tucked under the hood. Other new important upgrades include Crash Detection - which alerts the emergency services and even sends location data after an accident - plus there's the ability to send messages to space via satellite texts. We tested all of these new features in our iPhone 14 review. “People love their iPhone and rely on it every day for all that they do, and now there’s an exciting addition to the lineup with a new yellow iPhone 14 and iPhone 14 Plus,” said Bob Borchers, Apple’s vice president of Worldwide Product Marketing. Along with the standard model getting the new Yellow look, the larger 6.7-inch iPhone 14 Plus is also being treated to the update. Prices will start from £849 and we also expect all of the major networks to also launch contracts so watch this space. Express.co.uk will bring you all the best offers as they go live so check back for the biggest bargains. Best iPhone 14 Yellow deals EE • £64 per monthUnlimited data, calls and texts£30 upfront fee | 24-month contractSEE THE DEAL HERE O2 • £21.74 per month (first 6 months then £54.74)Unlimited data, calls and texts£30 upfront fee | 36-month device planFree Apple MusicSEE THE DEAL HERE