Carol Vorderman, 62, returned to Sidney Sussex College in Cambridge yesterday to attend an emotional memorial service to her late tutor, Donald Green. Giving her 314,000 followers a small tour of the campus, the Countdown star gushed over her teacher, crediting him with leading the charge to get women from comprehensive schools into the college. Carol made a candid and emotional appearance on Instagram, sharing a short clip from her ventures down memory lane. The TV presenter said into the camera: “I’m back at my old college, Sidney Sussex in Cambridge, for the memorial service of our wonderful tutor Mr Donald Green. “I’ll be in chapel soon just to say a few words, he was much loved and he was one of the first people to really genuinely encourage girls to come and study here from comprehensive schools. “I was one of them free school meals kids in the 1970s so I have much to be grateful for Mr Green, he was loved.” READ MORE: Ricky Gervais issues defiant expletive response as he’s called to step in as Oscars host Getting a little choked up with emotion, Carol added: “He was full of life, full of spirit. Laughing, strict, hugely bright, just the very best teacher of all. Loved him.” In the caption, Carol added a bit more about the beloved tutor, revealing: "From Manchester, he was instrumental in bringing in comprehensive children (I was a free school meals kid) & opening the system to women. “A very special human.” Showing her followers around the school, the presenter panned to the Carol Vorderman Buttery, which is “a special room (where the wine is sold)” while One Republic’s Good Life gently played in the background. The presenter continued: “Our beautiful college which I love. It’s an honour to have been a part of it. It’s where Oliver Cromwell used to sleep.” In the caption, the fitness enthusiast admitted she “never thought” she would ever have a room in a college named after her. She wrote: “It’s next to the main dining hall built in 1596. “Our college was founded by Lady Frances Sidney of Sussex. Don't miss... Emily Ratajkowski and Eva Longoria wow in sheer Oscars afterparty look [LATEST] Hugh Grant blasted as 'rude' in painful Oscars chat and rolls his eyes [LATEST] Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [LATEST] “By a woman who wanted to help the bright young men at the time from poorer backgrounds further their education to change society. “Her purpose continues xx.” Fans praised the presenter in the comments section, as Shuvonshuvoff declared: “You are such an inspiration to so many young girls who want to achieve their goals no matter what start they had in life.” Paulspinall added: “That's lovely Carol, proud of you and Mr Green.” Just last week, Carol had been reminiscing on her school days on the Full Disclosure podcast with James O’Brien. Carol fondly recollected memories of her maths teacher Mr Parry, declaring him the “best maths teacher ever in the world”. She shared: “He got all these kids through their O levels maths at the right age, I was 15 when I did mine, and they all got a grade A. “His secret was he was very clear and understood maths properly.”