Bone-chilling Britain may be able to catch its first break of the season in a matter of days. Interactive weather models are now showing exactly when the mercury is set to thaw for much of the country after a bitter start to March. The end of the month, a mere 2.5 weeks away usually signals the start of spring, with March 19 being the last day of winter. The first fortnight of March has provided an icy and sub-zero setting for many in Britain, with thick snow coating much of the nation just last week. Cold weather alerts along with yellow and amber weather warnings have been issued by the Met Office as temperatures have plunged from the mild haven in February. But with the first day of spring officially declared on March 20, the likelihood of winter episodes hanging around for longer periods melts away, with more daylight hours allowing for milder conditions. According to WXCHARTS, the nation as a whole will see warmer weather on Friday, March 24 with highs of 17C in towns between Manchester and Newcastle. In the days afterwards temperatures hover around the high teens for many parts of the country, but it is on March 28 when parts of the south east, namely Norfolk, may see hotter conditions of 19C. Jim Dale, a senior meteorologist for British Weather Services, told Express.co.uk: "It is still very much a long hop at the moment. "However, the snowfields will be no more and I would expect to see a 20C day by early April based on what I am seeing synoptically." The Met Office long-range forecast alludes to a turbulent time for many towards the latter half of this month, but it echoes Mr Dale's sentiments of a warmer April. READ MORE: Snow to engulf UK again as Arctic blast brings severe ice and cold  From March 18 to 27 it says: "Saturday is likely to be rather cloudy with showers or longer spells of rain possible for many, although generally rather mild, while parts of the north could see continuing sleet or snow accompanied by some strong winds. "More widespread showery rain remains possible on Sunday with some wintry showers and colder conditions spreading southwards, followed by a drier period with some frost and ice on Monday morning. "Towards the end of March, pressure may become higher across northern areas and will likely be accompanied by colder conditions, whilst southern areas could see further wet weather at times. "The northern edge of any rain will still be prone to fall as snow, but given the time of year, wintry hazards will likely become increasingly transient."  Don't miss... 'Best' foods to eat after a night of poor sleep to boost your energy [INSIGHT] Save £300 a year on energy bills with efficiency upgrades [LATEST] Shell Energy customers to get £150 payment - check eligibility [REPORT] But, looking into April, it appears more brighter days are coming with temperatures finally thawing out and recovering from this month's freeze. From March 28 to April 11, it adds: "Confidence remains fairly low during this period. However, there are signs of more settled, drier conditions becoming established over much of the UK. "Temperatures expected to be cooler than average with the greatest chance of significant rainfall and milder conditions in the south. "Any wintry hazards are likely to be short-lived given the time of year. Temperatures are expected to trend closer to average as we move towards mid-April."