Lizzie Cundy has claimed she offered to help Meghan Markle when she came to London looking for a role in Made in Chelsea. Former WAG Lizzie told GB News: “I was friends with Meghan for a while and I really got on with her. “I was asked by a friend to look after her at a charity event and I thought, ‘who is this woman?' “No one actually knew who she was." Talking to Nana Akua, she said: “She wanted a boyfriend, and wanted to get on to the showbiz scene, and wanted a job in British TV, and wanted to be on Made in Chelsea, actually, the show. “So I said, 'Look if I can help you, I will', which I tried to do. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's exit from ‘ageist’ BBC is ‘disgraceful’, says James Whale “I tried to hook her up with Ashley Cole, actually, the former Chelsea player, but she wasn't his type. “I said I'd try and hook her up with a few guys, she wanted to stay in Britain. She wanted a British boyfriend. “So she got that one in the end and won the lottery," Lizzie quipped, in reference to Meghan's now-husband Prince Harry. Lizzie’s claims come after Daily Mail editor Katie Hind alleged Meghan had shown her texts that the former England player had sent to the Suits actress. She wrote: "[Meghan pulled an] iPhone from her handbag, she pointed to the picture of a good-looking man on her Twitter account, and said, 'Do you know this guy, Ashley Cole?' “’You bet,' I said calmly. "She continued, 'He wants to go out on a date while I'm over here in London. What do you think? Do you know him?'" At the time Ashley was playing for Chelsea and earning around £100,000 a week. Don't miss... Dec admits Matt Hancock's I'm A Celeb backlash 'has some validity' [LATEST] James Martin mocked by cruel trolls about ‘severe’ learning disability [LATEST] Simon Cowell is almost unrecognisable at Together For Short Lives Ball [LATEST] However, he was known in the UK for being the ex-husband of Girls Aloud star Cheryl. After being informed of the footballer’s past, Meghan decided to not meet up with him, according to reports. She reportedly said: "Some of my friends told me to stay away from him, too. I think I'll leave it." Meghan was then 32 and had just endured a painful divorce from her first husband Trevor Engelson. She was reportedly meeting with UK journalists in a bid to get a mention in the press on the other side of the pond. In 2016, she went on to meet Prince Harry during a blind date at Soho House and the couple wed in 2018. They have since welcomed two children, a son Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, two, and a daughter Lilibet Diana Mountbatten-Windsor. In 2020 they stepped down as senior members of the Royal Family and moved their family to the United States.