Manchester United travel to Anfield on Sunday, a stadium in which they haven't tasted victory over Liverpool since 2016. The Red Devils are on a seven-match winless run on Merseyside since Louis van Gaal took advantage of Jurgen Klopp's lowly side to keep in touch with the top four. In what has been a rarity since Klopp took charge of Liverpool, United finished above their bitter rivals, who slumped to eighth in a forgettable campaign. And it was made worse by Wayne Rooney sticking a dagger into the Reds' hearts, securing a 1-0 win and back-to-back triumphs after a 2-1 success in the previous season. Since that momentous day, it's been pain and frustration for United at Anfield, without a win in seven, scoring just once. So ahead of Erik ten Hag's revitalised side looking to buck the trend, Express Sport reminisce on the 14 players who last silenced Liverpool on their own turf... David de Gea produced a memorable performance to keep a clean sheet on the day, and he remains United's number one in his 12th season. He will hope to enjoy a better afternoon than last term when Ralf Rangnick's melancholic outfit suffered a 4-0 mauling. Ashley Young was popular under Van Gaal and started at right-back, but was forced off before half-time through injury. The 37-year-old left United in 2020 and won the Serie A with Inter Milan before returning to Aston Villa in 2021. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans Chris Smalling and Daley Blind shared one of the better centre-back partnerships since Rio Ferdinand and Nemanja Vidic, and both were on form on the day. After a loan move to AS Roma in 2019, Smalling joined permanently a year later and has impressed in Italy, currently playing under Jose Mourinho. Blind enjoyed many a joyous moment against Liverpool in his four-year spell at Old Trafford before returning to Ajax in 2018. In December, the Dutch Eredivisie champions mutually terminated his contract so he could secure an exciting move to Bayern Munich. Matteo Darmian underwhelmed at United, leaving for Parma in 2019 before joining Inter Milan a year later. He enjoyed Serie A success in 2021 with Young under Antonio Conte at San Siro and will definitely be remembered more for his exploits in his homeland rather than in England. DON'T MISS Man Utd rocked by Raphael Varane injury scare ahead of Liverpool clashArsenal star Jorginho displays leadership in last-gasp Bournemouth winBoehly gives three-word response as Chelsea win eases Potter pressure Like many of Van Gaal's signings, Morgan Schneiderlin also just couldn't make it work in M16, but he did a job on the day. The Frenchman joined Everton in the summer of 2017 before switching to Nice in 2020. He's currently on loan with Western Sydney Wanderers in Australia. Marouane Fellaini wasn't exactly a fan favourite at Anfield, joining United from Everton in 2013. His direct contribution to the visitors' win, heading onto the bar before Rooney smashed the rebound home, made him all the more unpopular. The 35-year-old moved to China in 2019, where he has played for Shandong Taishan since. Jesse Lingard is the only United play to score at Anfield since that win in 2016, netting in a 3-1 defeat in Jose Mourinho's final game in charge. The Red Devils academy graduate left as a free agent last summer, joining Nottingham Forest on a one-year contract. Ander Herrera was dearly loved at United and therefore hated at Anfield. His tendency to commonly show up in big games contribute to both. The tenacious midfielder left as a free agent after failing to agree terms over a new contract in 2019, joining Paris Saint-Germain. He returned to Athletic Club permanently in January. One of Anthony Martial's greatest moments in a United shirt came against Liverpool earlier in the season, scoring on his debut in a 3-1 win at Old Trafford. He's one of the two of the 18-man squad still standing today, but he won't be available on Sunday. Since his promising first season, injuries have plagued the seven campaigns that followed. The hero of the day. Rooney's United career was coming to an end, but he still had decisive moments in grudge matches left in him, netting the 78th-minute winner. He left as United's record goalscorer in 2017, returning to Everton for a season before spending his twilight years at DC United and Derby County. He has since managed Derby and is currently the DC United boss. Remember Cameron Borthwick-Jackson? The left-back burst onto the scene under Van Gaal, catching the eye with his pinpoint crossing ability, but it wasn't to be at United. After five different loan moves across the EFL, he joined Oldham Athletic in 2020 before moving to Burton Albion in 2021, where he still plays. Still living off the high of making Anfield 'Juanfield' in the season prior, Juan Mata only had a substitute role in United's second successive win at the stadium. Mata left United after eight years last summer, joining Galatasaray. Memphis Depay was also introduced off the bench amid a difficult first and only full season as a Red Devils player. A year later, Mourinho sanctioned his sale to Lyon, where he flourished before completing a blockbuster switch to Barcelona in 2021. He joined another Spanish giant, Atletico Madrid, in January. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here