Kai Havertz has opened up on his 'tough weeks and months' at Chelsea during the club's tumultuous period under Graham Potter. The 23-year-old's form is turning around simultaneously with Chelsea's, and he has admitted it has lifted spirits after struggles on the pitch impacted his personal life. Havertz was enduring a seven-match run without a goal before he netted the winner in the Champions League last-16 tie with Borussia Dortmund. He followed it up with another strike in Saturday's 3-1 win at Leicester City, helping Chelsea close the gap from sixth-placed Liverpool to just five points. The Blues have won three games over the last week, also beating Leeds United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge, increasing hope of reaching the end of their rut under Potter. And Havertz is delighted he can put the torrid period behind him after the impact leaked into his personal life. The German forward said: "Football is our life. If you lose a game, of course, you don't have an easy life. Read more... Chelsea chief Todd Boehly set to use old tactic to seal Osimhen deal [TRANSFERS] "I think everyone at home, especially my girlfriend, has had some tough weeks as well the last weeks and months. "I think she is happy now again, and so am I. If you have a bad day at work… you… I won't say the word now, but you don't feel good. "Football is a game where we have a lot of pressure on our shoulders. We want to make the fans happy, and if you don't make them happy, then you don't have a good time. "Winning is always the best. We won again, so we can enjoy some days." Don't miss... BBC crisis hits Sunday shows as Chelsea vs Man Utd and MOTD2 impacted [LATEST] Arsenal have Chelsea to thank for accidental transfer favour [TRANSFERS] Chelsea have already sealed their second summer signing [TRANSFERS] Chelsea have a favourable Premier League clash at home to Everton before the international break this Saturday. After that, they host Aston Villa and Liverpool as part of three successive games in west London as Potter looks to build on his side's momentum. And Havertz will have the chance to continue proving he is the right man to lead the line by adding to his goals tally. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we've got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.