Police have released CCTV of a car used in the shooting of a police officer in Northern Ireland. Officers investigating the attempted murder of DCI John Caldwell released footage of a blue Ford Fiesta police say was fitted with "false plates" on the night of the attack on February 22. Mick Duthie, Crimestoppers director of operations also confirmed the charity is offering a £150,000 reward for any information around the incident. Announcing the news he said: "As a father of young children myself and a children's football coach also, this attack really resonates with me." Releasing the CCTV footage Detective Chief Superintendent Eamonn Corrigan said police are working "relentlessly" to being those responsible to justice. He added: "I am now in a position to say that I believe a second Ford Fiesta was used in the attempted murder of DCI Caldwell. It is also a blue Ford Fiesta of a similar model. This second car had registration number RLZ 9805 and was bought in Glengormley towards the end of January. I believe this car travelled to Belfast around this date." Police say they car was then driven to Belfast on the day of the shooting, travelling along the M1. The following day it was found "burnt out in the Ardboe Industrial Estate". Police are keen to know where it was stored and the movements during this time.  Detective Corrigan added: "Today I am releasing new CCTV footage of the first blue Ford Fiesta as it travels into Coalisland at around 10pm on the night of the 21st. It had registration number MGZ 6242, and was fitted with false plates, FRZ 8414, prior to the attack." DCI Caldwell was shot at a sports complex in Omagh, Co Tyrone, Northern Ireland. The 48-year-old officer, who was standing next to his son, ran but was blasted from behind and collapsed to the floor. He is still critically ill but in a stable condition in hospital.  Police described the attack as "brazen and calculated". Eight people who have been arrested and questioned by police over the shooting have all since been released. 