If you already own a Roku device or have been thinking about taking the plunge and grabbing one of these TV-watching gadgets there's good news. The popular streaming firm has just announced a content-packed upgrade that brings more things to watch without paying a penny for the privilege. The free boost includes a full three months access to Apple TV+ with Roku users able to tune in and binge on boxsets and movies such as The Morning Show, Prehistoric Planet and Coda without paying a penny. The deal is also perfect timing for Ted Lasso fans with the new series of the award-winning show launching on March 15. Roku says that its new deal is available to all Roku users, both existing and new, and can be accessed on any Roku-powered device. Of course, You can also watch Apple TV+ on Fire TV devices but those with Amazon's streaming sticks plugged into their tellies need to pay the monthly fee. Apple TV+ usually costs £6.99 per month so there's a total saving of over £20 to be made by signing up for the freebie. It is worth noting that Apple is also offering three months of free access but only if you buy an iPhone, iPad, Apple TV streaming box or a Mac. As a quick reminder, Roku devices start from £29.99 and offer full access to all the most popular apps such as Netflix, Disney+, Prime Video and, of course, Apple TV+. The standard Roku Express offers full HD playback plus Roku's simple remote which offers fast access to the most popular streaming apps. Those wanting something more powerful can upgrade to the Roku Streaming Stick 4K which features pin-sharp viewing, long-range Wi-Fi and a voice-powered remote. If you fancy a streaming gadget that also doubles up as a speaker then now is a good time to check out the firm's Streambar. This gadget usually costs £129.99 but it's currently been slashed to just £99.99 - that's a saving of £30. The Streambar upgrades any TV's audio thanks to cinematic sound and Dolby Audio. It also acts as a Bluetooth speaker with owners able to beam playlists to it via their phones or tablets. Other features include crisp, clear dialogue when watching movies and it quiets loud commercials in between your favourite shows.