Love Island presenter Maya Jama interrupted the islanders at their beach club party on Wednesday night to reveal there was a surprise dumping. As she told Olivia and Maxwell they’d be leaving after receiving the lowest votes from the public, they were then able to pick two other people to leave with them. Before making their choice, Olivia and Maxwell were informed they had to pick one girl and one boy from the three remaining vulnerable couples. This meant two people out of Tanya, Shaq, Claudia, Keanan, Casey and Rosie were going to be leaving immediately. As Maya told them both they were allowed to take a moment alone to discuss their decision, Olivia was stressed at the situation as she told Maxwell there were a lot of options to think about. After reaching an agreement they then headed back over to break the news to their fellow islanders.  READ MORE:Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark Revealing who they’d chosen, Olivia said: “This has been a really difficult decision for both of us. “Do you keep a couple in that could potentially rebuild a flame? Do you keep a boy and a girl that hasn't had enough time here? “It’s been very difficult to make this decision, there are so many options we could have gone for.” Olivia then revealed they’d decided to send Claudia and Keanan home as she apologised to them for ending their time in the villa.  As the group said their goodbyes to the four dumped islanders, it was clear Sammie was distraught her closest friend was going. Upon being dumped, Claudia said: “I didn’t find love but you know there’s someone out there for me on the outside, I can’t wait to go out there and find him. “Someone who I know I’m worth and who’s worth me.” With her final words being a brutal jibe towards ex-partner Casey it seemed many viewers were furious that Olivia and Maxwell didn’t choose to send them home instead. DONT MISS... Coronation Street fans slam dead characters haunting Stephen Reid [REACTION] Bradley Walsh amazed after The Chase's ‘most thrilling game in years’ [VIDEO] Coronation Street heartbreak as beloved couple split [SOAP]   Taking to Twitter, raquel2003ellie said: “Well all knew @LoveIsland why Claudia needed a chance and so did Keanan ffs sorry Casey and Rosie should have gone home.” Ahlamt47 commented: “WHY IS CASEY STILL HERE” Charleighbonita said: “Should have been Casey, not Claudia.” Planetfender tweeted: “Can they just remove Casey and Rosie, don't care for them.” JKSeona added: “Casey you next though. We ain’t forget #loveisland Skyehopkinsx slammed: “No not Claudia leaving livid!!!”   Elsewhere in the episode, viewers saw things get serious between Kai and Sanam after he makes her breakfast in the garden. As she thanked him, Kai replied: “You’ve got to tell me that you love me.” Sanam laughed as she told him: “That’s not coming out of my mouth anytime soon.” “That word is a big word, I feel like I can't say it first unless I know that they have the same feelings.” Love Island continues weekdays on ITV2 from 9pm  