New flights this year are making it easier to visit some of America’s great cities and the world’s largest expanse of freshwater – The Great Lakes USA – a region the size of continental Europe that includes the states of Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, and Wisconsin. Icelandair plans to offer four flights per week from May 18 between Reykjavik Keflavik and Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Flights will operate through to 30 October. Keflavik Airport is used as a connecting point between North America and travellers’ seamless connections to more than 25 destinations across Europe. A stopover program when flying a roundtrip is offered so you can plan a stopover for up to seven nights in Iceland, just paying the extra taxes and fees. Simply unmissable Detroit in Illinois is the birthplace of the American motor industry, the home of Motown Music and a centre of arts, culture and innovation. www.visitdetroit.com Aer Lingus is launching a new transatlantic route for summer 2023, which will see the airline operate its first service to Cleveland, with connections from nine UK airports. Starting on 19 May 2023, the new North America service will operate four times a week and allows travellers to Cleveland pre-clearance in Dublin. Dublin Airport is one of only a few airports outside North America that offers a US Preclearance facility. The benefit is that having cleared USCBP, passengers arriving in the US are treated as domestic arrivals, allowing them to avoid immigration queues upon arrival and pick up their bags and go. Cleveland is the biggest city on the banks of Lake Erie with attractions including the world-famous Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, Cleveland Museum of Art and the Cleveland Orchestra. www.thisiscleveland.com United Airlines starts a new daily service from Shannon Airport to Chicago O’Hare International from 26 May 2023. The service will be seasonal and the route has the capacity to add 30,00 passengers, according to Shannon Airport. British Airways will commence a direct flight from Heathrow to Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky airport on 5 June 2023, operating five flights a week in the summer season, reducing to four in the winter. Cincinnati is situated on the Ohio river and renowned for its 19th century architecture, museums, breweries and the Zoo and Botanical Garden. www.visitcincy.com “We are delighted that these airlines have recognised the importance and attractiveness of our region to the UK and Irish travellers,” says Dave Lorenz, chair of Great Lakes USA consortium.“As consumer confidence continues to return, we are looking forward to welcoming travellers from the UK and Ireland to the many and varied attractions.” www.greatlakes.co.uk Icelandair plans to offer four flights per week between Reykjavik Keflavik and Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. Flights will operate through to 30 October. Keflavik Airport is used as a connecting point between North America and allows travellers seamless connections to more than 25 destinations across Europe. Icelandair offers a stopover program when flying a roundtrip, so you can plan a stopover for up to seven nights in Iceland, just paying the extra taxes and fees. Recently selected by TIME magazine in its third annual list of the World’s Greatest Places, Detroit is the birthplace of the American motor industry, the home of Motown Music and a centre of arts, culture and innovation. www.visitdetroit.com  Consisting of the states of Wisconsin, Illinois, Ohio, Michigan and Minnesota, the new flights into Great Lakes USA are: Icelandair to Detroit, Michigan Icelandair is opening a new seasonal service between Reykjavik and Detroit from 18 May 2023, restoring a nonstop connection between the cities after an absence of four years. Aer Lingus to Cleveland, Ohio Aer Lingus is launching a new transatlantic route for summer 2023, which will see the airline operate its first service to Cleveland, with connections from nine UK airports. Starting on 19 May 2023, the new North America service will operate four times a week and allows travellers to Cleveland pre-clearance in Dublin. Dublin Airport is one of only a few airports outside North America that offers a US Preclearance facility. The benefit is that having cleared USCBP, passengers arriving in the US are treated as domestic arrivals, allowing them to avoid immigration queues upon arrival and pick up their bags and go. Cleveland is the biggest city on the banks of Lake Eerie with attractions including the world-famous Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, Cleveland Museum of Art and the Cleveland Orchestra. www.thisiscleveland.com United Airlines to Chicago, Illinois United Airlines starts a new daily service from Shannon Airport to Chicago O’Hare International from 26 May 2023. The service will be seasonal and the route has the capacity to add 30,00 passengers, according to Shannon Airport. United previously operated a five-times weekly Shannon/Chicago service from 2013 to 2017.  British Airways to Cincinnati, Ohio British Airways will commence a direct flight from Heathrow to Cincinatti/Northern Kentucky airport on 5 June 2023, operating five flights a week in the summer season, reducing to four in the winter. Cincinatti is situated on the Ohio river and is known for its 19th century architecture, its museums, breweries and the Zoo and Botanical Garden. www.visitcincy.com Dave Lorenz, Chair of Great Lakes USA consortium comments: “We are delighted that these airlines have recognised the importance and attractiveness of our region to the UK and Irish travellers. As consumer confidence continues to return to the travel market, and our marketing campaigns get underway, we are looking forward to welcoming travellers from the UK and Ireland to the many and varied attractions of Great Lakes USA.” The Great Lakes USA is the largest expanse of freshwater in the world with a unique and diverse landscape. This region which is the size of continental Europe includes the U.S. states of Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, and Wisconsin. www.greatlakes.co.uk