They have been trying to do so since August 2022, and in the process the city has been more or less destroyed and its inhabitants reduced from a pre-war 72,000 down to approximately 4,000 today – no-one is exactly sure. Casualties on both sides have been heavy, but the Russian attackers have suffered the most. Some estimates indicate that they have suffered five casualties to every Ukrainian one, but again no-one can be sure. The fog of war hangs over Bakhmut and it can be impenetrable. Some have compared the battle for Bakhmut with the Battle of Stalingrad, fought in the Second World War. For those not familiar with the history, Stalingrad marked the high water mark of the German advances into Russia in 1941-42. It was a stunning Soviet victory which, together with the Battle of El Alamein in North Africa around the same time and which also ended in German defeat, probably marked the turning point in the European theatre of that global conflict. Can Bakhmut be seen as an equivalent? Will defeat or success there mark a turning point in the Russo-Ukraine war? Well, it has yet to play out fully, but there are some similarities, but also some notable differences. Let’s deal with the latter first. The biggest difference is one of scale. Stalingrad (now Volgograd) was a city of some 400,000 inhabitants before the German attack, a much larger population than Bakhmut’s. And, whilst the fighting around and for Bakhmut has involved troops numbered probably in the tens of thousands, the Battle of Stalingrad involved over a million soldiers on either side. Of these, some 1,130,000 Soviets and 870,000 Germans and their allies became casualties. Unlike Bakhmut, Stalingrad was also a city of some strategic importance. Situated on a big bend on the river Volga, it gave access to the oil fields of the Caucasus when Germany was in desperately in need of oil supplies, and also would have allowed them to interdict the Volga river traffic which was an important route for Lend-Lease equipment making its way into Russia. At Stalingrad, Germany’s Luftwaffe started the campaign with almost total air superiority, which enabled their manoeuvring panzer formations on the ground and kept the Soviets at a disadvantage. At the end of the battle the air war had been won by the defenders, and the Luftwaffe had paid a terrible price. They had lost some 900 aircraft, including about one third of their entire transport fleet on the Eastern Front. The Soviets lost heavily in aircraft also, but thanks to their resilient industry and Lend-Lease were able to make up their losses quicker. In Ukraine no side has been able to establish air superiority. As for similarities, Stalingrad, like Bakhmut, was at one point invested on three sides by the German armies, but it never fell to them. At this point we are now sure whether Ukraine will be able to retain Bakhmut or not. One thing is for sure, though; both cities were and have been completely flattened. The nature of urban street fighting now and then implies almost total destruction. However, taking the pessimistic view, what would be the ramifications for Ukraine if the Russians did succeed in capturing the city. Compared to the Stalingrad debacle they would, in my opinion, be minimal. Two German armies, 6th and 4th Panzer, were almost completely destroyed there together with virtually all of their equipment in 1942-43. Ninety-one thousand German personnel went into Soviet captivity, of whom some 5,000-6,000 survived incarceration. The last of these were not repatriated until 1955. Some of the German generals, including Field Marshal Paulus, commander of 6th Army, went to Moscow and changed sides, broadcasting anti-Hitler propaganda from the Kremlin and later testifying at the Nuremberg Trials. Call me naïve if you like, but I just can’t see any potential fall of Bakhmut being quite so cataclysmic for the Ukrainians.It looks as if most of them will get away, if that’s the course of action they choose. Sure the Russians will have bragging rights and claim a great victory, but the truth is it will have been a Pyrrhic one if it happens. Huge casualties have been incurred at Bakhmut for a city with little strategic significance. The battle is unlikely to have any lasting impact on the course of the war, unlike Stalingrad, which marked the beginning of the end for the Nazi regime. Like at Stalingrad, it is the innocent civilian inhabitants of Bakhmut who are the real losers in all of this. It was ever thus and, sadly, is likely to be ever so. Lt Col Stuart Crawford is a defence analyst and former army officer. Sign up for his newsletters at www.DefenceReview.uk