Boots has announced it's revamping its Advantage Card to meet increased demand for immediate value. While customers can still collect points every time they shop at the beauty and health retailer, instead of 4p worth of points per £1 spent, it has been lowered to 3p. But Boots has said they will be offering customers more double and triple points events throughout the year, as well as other offers and chances to save money. From May 2023, Boots Advantage Card members will receive 10 percent off every time they buy a Boots own brand product. There are 6,000 products to choose from in the Boots range including health, beauty, essentials, baby, and sun care. It comes as over 70 percent of Boots Advantage Card members regularly shop from Boots Own Brand ranges, with one in five items in their basket typically made up of Boots’ own brand products. Since its launch in September 2022, Boots Everyday has become a favourite with customers with sales up by 35 percent in quarter one of 2023. READ MORE: Hairdresser shares worst hair colours for older women Boots has also revealed there will be more lower prices and instant savings on big-name brands with Price Advantage discounts - over 1,000 products each month. Customers can still collect and save up points; Boots is updating its points offering so that for every £1 spent, customers will receive three Advantage Card points (worth 3p), rather than four. But there are differences for anyone in the Over 60s, Boots Parenting Club, Students or Boots Opticians customers on a Contact Lens Rewards Plan. Don't miss... Heinz baked beans beaten by 45p supermarket version [FOOD NEWS ] Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [STYLIST] Man who was ‘addicted to takeaways’ sheds 6st with ‘no fad diet’  [EXCLUSIVE] While the Advantage Card points claimed on an everyday shop have been lowered (from 4p to 3p), Boots is promising more opportunities for customers to earn double or extra points with new promotions and campaigns. READ MORE: Skincare expert’s ‘perfect products’ that ‘prevent wrinkles’ This new expansion of Price Advantage is part of Boots’ biggest-ever investment in value and is in response to the changing way that customers are using the loyalty scheme. Pete Markey, Chief Marketing Officer at Boots, said: “Boots Advantage Card is one of the original and most generous loyalty programmes, and now we are making it better - to fit our customers changing needs and the way they now want to shop. “Customers want to be rewarded with on-the-spot lower prices and instant value. “We’ve also noticed that Advantage Card members are now more frequently using their points to buy essentials instead of saving them up, we’ve listened and have expanded the scheme to give more instant rewards, immediate value and lower prices.”