Chelsea star Mason Mount has been warned off a transfer to Liverpool amid claims that he wouldn’t be able to have the same impact at Anfield as he did when he was playing under Frank Lampard. Mount was a standout player during Lampard’s days at the Stamford Bridge helm after previously starring under his former mentor during a loan spell with Derby. “Mason Mount will not have an impact at Liverpool like he did under Frank Lampard,” former Chelsea defender William Gallas told Genting Casino. “I don’t think he is a player who will fit in at Liverpool. Mason Mount is more like a playmaker - when Frank Lampard was the manager, he was almost like the playmaker. “At Liverpool it is completely different, he won’t have the same impact like he had with Chelsea. He can still have that impact at Chelsea.” Mount was thrust into the Chelsea spotlight at the start of the 2019/20 campaign after Lampard had taken over from Maurizio Sarri. During that season, the 24-year-old started 32 Premier League matches, bagging seven goals and six assists. Must read... Gary Lineker's hefty BBC salary and ‘close relationship' with ex-wife [INSIGHT] The attacking midfielder received his first England call-up in October 2018 while he was on loan with Derby in the Championship. And he has gone on to become a regular for the Three Lions, featuring heavily during his country’s Euro 2020 and World Cup 2022 campaigns. Mount signed his last Chelsea contract in 2019, with that deal set to expire next summer. And the talented ace has refused to put pen-to-paper on a new deal in west London amid a stand off with his current employers.    Don't miss... Ronaldo shamed by Suarez, contract U-turn and bottle-kick fiasco [ANALYSIS] Antony embarrassed as failed promise to Casemiro emerges in footage [SPOTTED] Liverpool told Salah sale is an option after latest 'dreadful' display [QUOTES] Mount is reportedly holding out for better contract terms after Chelsea owner Todd Boehly signed a whole host of new players following his takeover of the club and handed them huge wages. But if the Blues’ terms don’t meet the player’s requirements, Mount could be off at the end of the season, with Manchester United, Manchester City and Liverpool all said to be circling. “Ultimately, it is between the club and Mason but I have spoken to him numerous times about his situation, football and life generally,” said Chelsea boss Graham Potter last week. “My feelings for Mason are clear - I think he is a fantastic person but sometimes these things happen. They are just complicated.” And when asked whether he would fight to keep the star in west London, Potter added: “Yes, but I am not naive. It is an important time for him. It’s an important contract and things need to be right for him and his family and it is important that he makes a decision on that basis.”  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. 