The founder and CEO of I Deserve Love, which offers online courses for people looking for love, and the author of various books, including Attracting the Love of Your Life: 30-Day Manifestation Guide, Jacqueline knows a thing or two about love. Education aside (she studied psychology with a focus on Neuro-linguistic programming), Jacqueline knows from personal experience what it’s like to feel let down by love and relationships. After working on herself and “manifesting” a healthy relationship, she met her current partner and father of her child. Jacqueline told Express.co.uk a little more about love manifestation and how it can help people find and maintain healthy relationships. “Manifestation is to create the outcome that you want,” she said. “Love manifestation is to create love and bring a person into your life.” Simply put, it’s the idea that one can find a partner solely by thinking about him or her. For those not entirely convinced by this, or who would be quick to call it “airy fairy”, Jacqueline recalled her own experience. “I know that manifestation is real because I have seen it work firsthand for myself,” she explained. “If you would have told me six years ago that I would be happily married with kids, I would never have believed you. I’ve seen the techniques work for my clients and my friends, so I would say manifestation magic is real.” Manifestation is a growing trend on social media, especially among younger audiences. But Jacqueline, as well as fellow manifestation believers Roxie Nafousi (author of Manifest: Seven Steps To Living Your Best Life and Manifest: Dive Deeper) and Rhonda Byrne (author of The Secret), to name but two, are pushing the idea into the mainstream. It’s not just for Generation Z, they seem to be saying. So, how can one go about manifesting love? “One exercise that I have my clients work with is visualisation, where they do a mediation and picture their ideal partner,” Jacqueline explained. “I also ask them to practise creating a list of eight qualities they want in a partner. When doing both these exercises it’s extremely important you are specific and reframe from listing surface level qualities. “For instance, handsome, tall, wealthy. Of course these are great qualities in a partner, but they don’t always manifest exactly into what you actually want. When you make this list, you are not only allowing yourself to create your ideal partner and place them into the universe, but you’re giving yourself the opportunity to look deep within yourself and explore what you actually are looking for. “This is a wonderful, reflective exercise because a lot of the time you don’t even know where to begin or what you actually may want in a partner.” Jacqueline stressed that “if you are incorporating these exercises and you truly want to manifest love into your life, you will”. This means you will also be able to manifest not only a relationship, but a long-lasting one. “Your core values need to be aligned with your soul because that will make it last,” Jacqueline added. Once in a relationship, manifestation alone can’t help one to maintain it - and make sure it’s healthy. For it to work, communication is key. “One of the number reasons why a relationship doesn’t work is due to weak communication,” the relationship expert said. “In line with communication, speaking with your partner about their love language is essential, even if they don’t know what it is. “Whatever may be your partner's main love language, talking about it early on will save you so many arguments down the road. You will understand your partner more and what they may need in a time of vulnerability. “Issues will arise if you never address their needs, so alway make sure you are on the same page and you learn their love language, it basically is a blueprint of that person.” Jacqueline went on to share more wise words: “Whenever you are faced with a problem, whether it's a relationship or life, you can either sit with that negative energy and let it consume you, or you can sit in a place of gratitude. “Make a list of everything you are grateful for to try and pull yourself out of that headspace. If you are extremely angry with your partner, mediate before you go and yell or text them hundreds of messages. “Meditation before you address something that bothers you allows you to cool down and have a calm, collected mindset. With these practices you will be able to solve whatever the problem may be between you and your partner without the screaming match.” Jacqueline noted that a warning sign in any relationship is “finding yourself complaining to your friends about your partner”. “If this is the case, you likely are not in a healthy relationship,” she said. But even healthy relationships can come to an end, and that’s okay too. “While we manifest partners into our lives, sometimes they are with us for a shorter time than we anticipate,” Jacqueline noted. “Just like a chapter, we learn, we grow, and we evolve with that relationship. Through that development you can grow apart. If this is the case and they aren’t the right person for you anymore, that is completely okay. “I think sitting down with your partner and being honest with them is how you manifest a breakup. “Meditate on it, reflect on it, and be incredibly honest with yourself and your partner. There is no need to go about it in a vindictive way because there is a way to break it off with someone in a mature, evolved, classy way. In the end, we appreciate honesty more than anything.”