Erling Haaland admits he planned his goal celebration while waiting to take his penalty in Manchester City's win at Crystal Palace on Saturday. The Norwegian's elite mentality has given Arsenal a timely reminder of the battle they will face to win their first title since 2004. City beat Palace 1-0 at Selhurst Park to again close the gap on the Gunners to two points. Arsenal will have the chance to extend it to five when they play Fulham at Craven Cottage on Sunday. Pep Guardiola's side dominated the vast majority of the match but had to wait until the 78th minute to open the scoring. Ilkay Gundogan was brought down by Michael Olise and a penalty was awarded. Haaland took the ball as he attempted to score his 28th goal in the top flight this season. He took a few moments to himself before sending Vicente Guaita the wrong way.  Just in... Manchester United 'make decision' on breaking Grealish record for Kane [GOSSIP] The forward sprinted towards the City fans in celebration before sliding along the turf on his backside and raising his hands aloft. Haaland's coolness has reached a new level as he has since revealed he was already thinking of how he would react when he scored. Haaland told the City media team: "Just get it in the goal. For a little bit, honestly, I was thinking a bit of the celebration honestly, right before I shot. I liked the celebration a lot." The 22-year-old then smiled as he looked down the camera. If Arsenal didn't know City were in it for the long haul, they certainly do now. Haaland is only one of a few players in the City squad not to have won the title before. But he has only added to the elite mentality Guardiola had already built at the Etihad.  Don't miss... Jeff Stelling leaves fans in stitches with Gary Lineker joke on Sky [TV] Ian Wright threatens to quit MOTD for good if BBC fire Gary Lineker [QUOTES] Graham Potter has new Chelsea hero as Leicester escape two red cards [COMMENT] City don't play in the league again until April 1, as they aim to progress in both the Champions League and FA Cup. Haaland is determined to keep the momentum going in all competitions. He told Sky Sports: "Everyone knows how important this win is for us and we have to keep going. Every single game we have to win and now it's Leipzig, then Burnley. "We have to win games and focus on ourselves. We have a lot of games left to play so nothing is decided yet. "I enjoy it, this is England, this is what I have watched my whole life. I enjoy every single second being in it. It's good to be in the middle of it."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here