Starting a side hustle can be a great way to earn some extra cash each month. As the cost of living crisis continues, many people may be looking for ideas of potential services they could provide. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, Sasha-Lee Biggs, and her partner Marcus Ashfield explained how they started and have built their business, The Appointment Room since lockdown. The Appointment Room is a system which helps other businesses create their websites and booking systems for a small monthly fee. Sasha explained that starting up during COVID was a challenge in itself, but as there was a lot of business starting up around this time due to lockdown, there was space in the market to be a service that made things easier for other services and helped them gain internet exposure and build more of a professional service. On average, The Appointment Room makes around £3,000 to £3,500 each month. READ MORE: Retirees face 'new wave of uncertainty' if state pension age changes go ahead in Budget “We really struggled. We were scrabbling.” In times of struggle, the pair highlighted their determination to make the business work as they had nothing to lose. Coming out of university, it was hard to secure full-time jobs and stick with something so they found they were moving around a lot, however having something of their own gave them the motivation to keep going. Sasha works full time so has to dedicate a lot of her free time to making this work. Marcus explained that after their system crashed, they had to think of something else as customers started to complain, He said: “Because we couldn’t have a booking system - we thought what can we do. So we said for anyone who wanted a booking system, we could make their website instead.” READ MORE: State pensioners urged to claim £3,500 retirement boost - are you eligible? This was a much cheaper way to rent space on their domain for others, and also it allowed the customers a space to showcase their services and build their internet presence. He added: “We had to adapt really. Since it was covid, there was no money but I had to just keep pushing.” Being a computing graduate, he was able to use his skills and learn about SEO and google analytics to ensure the site was being recognised. The pair explained that the beauty of being a small business is their ability to connect with their clients which is the edge they have over bigger competitors. Speaking on aspiring entrepreneurs, they highlighted three things: Marcus continued: “It’s got to be more than money for you - you have to like what you’re doing because there’s not going to be money “There’s no room for immediate gratification.” Sasha explained that having her own company wasn’t in her plans but it has been good to learn along the way. A key tip she gave for those looking to start a business was “a good support system with people that will push you". They offer start-up services for £5.99 each month, and people can rent out space on their domain for a website with customer care available. Good side hustles build recurring revenue streams that go a long way in earning extra income. Side hustle ideas: