Launched when the country was in political turmoil Channel 4’s Make Me Prime Minister seemed like a sure fire hit. Hot on the heels of Boris Johnson’s resignation and Liz Truss’ appointment to the top job, the office of Prime Minister was at the forefront of most conversations and news stories. However, the station's faith in the format was misplaced as viewers branded it a “rip off” of The Apprentice and the powers that be have now decided to pull the plug. A source who spoke to The Sun claimed: "There was a sense that after having three prime ministers in just five weeks, the ­country had had enough jostling to reach the top of the greasy pole. "With a concept that had never been seen before, the programme was always something of a TV experiment which could have been a success or a flop." The show saw 12 candidates tackle a series of challenges over six weeks in the hope of being crowned the winner. As they battled for the job, they were given guidance by Alastair Campbell and ex-Conservative minister, Baroness Warsi. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ Former Prime Minster Tony Blair also made a brief appearance on the programme. The contestants included ex-footballer and sports agent Holly Morgan and social media sensation, Jackie Weaver. Weaver became famous during lockdown when during a heated Handforth Parish Council zoom meeting she told a member: “You have no authority here.” The clip went viral and she poked fun at it during Make Me A Prime Minister when being introduced telling the cameras: "I do have the authority here." While she made light of it, the incident merited an investigation into the disorderly conduct of the committee. This culminated in six reports being published by Cheshire East Council about the councillors' behaviour during the infamous Zoom call. Jackie, whose official job title was given as Chief Officer (local government) on the show, made it to week four before she resigned. She wasn’t the only one to quit the show. Student Alice Grant, the youngest contestant at just 18, withdrew after the second episode. DON'T MISS: Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed' [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson rages as Diddly Squat farm hit by vandals again [SPOILERS]The Tourist season 2 confirmed as Jamie Dornan heads to Dublin for ... [SPOILERS] Entrepreneur & Charity Fundraiser, Darius Nasimi was the first contestant to be voted out of the show. The eventual winner was 36-year old Natalie Balmain, a Medical Communications Director. The show launched on September 27 2022, when Liz Truss was just three weeks in office. Coincidentally the final of the show coincided with the date of her resignation on October 25 after just 49 days in office. She is officially the shortest-serving prime minister in the history of the United Kingdom. Famously the late Queen Elizabeth’s final official engagement was meeting with Truss to invite her to appoint a cabinet. Her successor Rishi Sunak was officially appointed Prime Minister on October 25 last year. He is the first PM to serve under the reign of King Charles III.