Chelsea's crunch Champions League clash against Borussia Dortmund has been delayed by 10 minutes to build the nerves on a crucial night for Graham Potter. The Blues must win by two goals to progress to the quarter-finals at Stamford Bridge against visitors enjoying a relentless winning run. Chelsea's European fate is hanging in the balance after a 1-0 defeat in the first leg at the Westfalenstadion in February. And fans at Stamford Bridge could be in for a late night, especially if the second leg of the last-16 clash heads into extra time. Chelsea vs Dortmund will now kick off at 8.10pm because the visitors' team coach got stuck in London traffic on its way to Stamford Bridge. Dortmund arrived at the stadium just after 7pm, with BT Sport mentioning that they had expected them earlier as Tuesday's broadcast commenced. Shortly after, UEFA confirmed that the game would get underway 10 minutes later than scheduled in an unwelcome bump in preparations for the night. JUST IN: Man Utd's Wout Weghorst explains Anfield sign touch and makes excuse Dortmund manager Edin Terzic explained that he hadn't been told whether kick off was going to be delayed 15 minutes after arriving at Stamford Bridge. And he admitted that it was disrupting the Bundesliga giants' preparation for the blockbuster clash in west London. He told BT Sport: "Bit of a delay, but we are here now and ready to fight for the next round. Yeah, it has [made preparations more difficult]. We didn't know whether we were going to start on time or also delay kick-off. They haven't told us yet. "We've been at the stadium for 15 minutes. Of course, it's disrupting a lot. But this won't stop us today." Don't miss... Liverpool squad receive reward from Jurgen Klopp after Man Utd triumph [LATEST] Man Utd questioned over Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba decision [LATEST] Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp brought back down to earth by ex-Reds star [LATEST] During the interview, Des Kelly informed him that UEFA had announced a 10-minute delay. "Alright," Terzic laughed. Dortmund are enjoying a sensational run of form since the World Cup, winning all 10 games since German clubs' seasons resumed in January. Terzic's side has propelled up the Bundesliga table and are level on 49 points with champions Bayern Munich at the summit, winning more games than any other outfit in the top flight. They will look to inflict an 11th defeat in 19 games on Potter and Chelsea, with the Blues head coach under severe pressure to produce results. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here