West Ham are reportedly set to stand by manager David Moyes despite his side’s 4-0 loss at the hands of Brighton over the weekend. The defeat leaves the Hammers just a point above the relegation zone in 16th, and a return to the Championship is certainly on the cards in East London. Moyes’ side were outclassed from the get-go at the Amex Stadium, with Alexis Mac Allister opening the scoring from the spot after Jarrod Bowen brought down Kauro Mitoma. The floodgates then opened in the second half, with Joel Veltman, Mitoma and Danny Welbeck piling the misery onto their opponents. Brighton will be more than pleased with the dominant result that keeps their European dreams alive, though it was a stark reminder to Moyes of how far his side has fallen given that his side were competing to finish in the top six last season- just like the Seagulls are. The embarrassing display by his side prompted West Ham fans to point the finger at the Scot once again, with supporters heard singing ‘you’re getting sacked in the morning’ on several occasions throughout the defeat. BBC Sport, though, has revealed that the 59-year-old is unlikely to depart. It is reported that the former Everton boss retains the support of the club’s hierarchy and he is still believed to be the right person to steer them to safety. Although disappointing in the Premier League, West Ham have found their best form on the European stage and are in the Round of 16 of the European Conference League. They face AEK Larnaca across two legs in the next fortnight, and success in those ties could see Moyes win back the support of some fans. But remaining in the English top flight will be the ex-Manchester United boss’ priority, and he will be well aware that his side has no business in being involved in a relegation battle given the quality of the squad. Speaking to Match of the Day after the Brighton loss, Moyes took the responsibility for the defeat but did not shy away from calling for a reaction from his players, saying: “We're probably all looking at around 40 points to stay away from the bottom of the league, but the only thing you can do is take each game as it comes. It is sore. “I'll definitely take all the responsibility because that's what happens as a manager, but also players need to stand up and be counted. I'm sure they will. They are a good group."