Manchester United will reportedly be relying on raising funds through player sales in order to fulfil Erik ten Hag's wishes in a push to sign Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona this summer. United were strongly linked with a move for De Jong last summer with Barcelona seemingly happy to listen to offers. But the Holland international had no desire to leave the Nou Camp with United quickly turning their attention to Casemiro. That Brazilian has since been a revelation after joining from Real Madrid, with Fred and Christian Eriksen forming a strong partnership in midfield alongside the summer arrival. United's priority heading into this summer transfer window is said to be signing a top-rated striker, but Ten Hag is also pushing for a midfielder. According to the Guardian, Ten Hag's 'budget will be determined by United’s own finances'. A number of players will reportedly need to be sold to help 'balance the books' and fund a move for De Jong. Express Sport takes a look at six players United may look to sell to raise the necessary funds to make a move for De Jong.  It's not worked out for Harry Maguire under Ten Hag at United, despite returning to top form for England at the World Cup. He's started just five Premier League games all season with Lisandro Martinez and Raphael Varane the preferred starting duo. The 29-year-old will likely have one eye on keeping his place in the England set-up for the 2024 European Championships and a move away this summer could be best for both parties. Injuries have plagued Martial's season this year despite the Frenchman having an opportunity to make the central striker position his own. He's being touted for a departure from Old Trafford and could still fetch a good fee in the market. It looked increasingly likely that Wan-Bissaka was going to leave in January before Ten Hag made it clear he wanted the full-back to remain and provide cover for Diogo Dalot. But, while the 25-year-old has impressed since returning to the side, he too could be on the chopping block this summer.  Brandon Williams has played just five minutes of football for United this season and looks unlikely to challenge Luke Shaw or Tyrell Malacia for a starting spot any time soon. With his contract expiring in 2024, United will be hoping to fetch a fee for the defender this summer. The England goalkeeper appeared to burn bridges with his parent club in an explosive interview in which he said he was "fuming" about not being made No 1 ahead of David de Gea. The Spaniard is now the favoured option under Ten Hag with United expected to reach an agreement on a new contract. Now may be the time to cash in on Henderson to allow him to play regular first-team football elsewhere. Another player struggling with fitness issues under Ten Hag, Donny van de Beek has failed to climb up the pecking order at Old Trafford. If United do end up making a move for De Jong, that would only see Van de Beek play even less and a sale may be best for both parties.