Lewis Hamilton has been tipped to quit Mercedes and join one of their main rivals but a move to Aston Martin has been ruled out. Hamilton is yet to agree terms on a new multi-year extension at Mercedes who are again facing another year battling to catch up with the frontrunners. The Silver Arrows lacked pace in Bahrain’s season-opener with Hamilton finishing fifth after benefiting from Charles Leclerc’s retirement. It leaves the German manufacturer as the fourth-fastest team behind Ferrari and Aston Martin. Jenson Button and Damon Hill claimed Hamilton’s delay in agreeing a new deal was because he was waiting to see how competitive the car was. These views were mimicked by Sky Sports presenters in the latest Vodcast post-Sakhir. However, when pushed on whether Hamilton and Alonso could partner together at Aston Martin from 2024, ex-F1 star Karun Chandhok rejected the theory. READ MORE: Toto Wolff accused of 'kicking' Mercedes engineers 'in the whatnots' He explained: “I don’t think that will happen. You’re going to tell Lawrence to sack his son. Good luck with that.” Host Simon Lazenby stressed Ferrari was the more likely destination for the seven-time champion and failed to rule out a move if the opportunity was there. He added: “Not to Aston, but how can you rule out a move to Ferrari if [Mercedes] stay like this? He’s so desperate for that eighth, that if Ferrari did manage to stay on the coattails and they were the nearest to Red Bull. “He’s not put his pen to paper yet on his contract. He’s definitely waiting to see how this year’s car felt. I think the great relationship with the team and Toto will endure but I don't think you can ever rule out a move to Ferrari for racing drivers because it’s their dream and he’s said it before.” DON'T MISSF1 omen gives Lewis Hamilton title hope as great stat emerges [INSIGHT]Russell adds to sombre Mercedes mood with new reality for Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Wolff and Mercedes 'benefitting from Alonso beating Hamilton' [COMMENT] Hamilton ruled out the suggestions last weekend as he stated his intention to stay loyal to his team. The Briton insisted the claims were “rumours without facts” and seemed to confirm he would still be at the squad regardless of how fast the car was. This was supported by Sky Sports pundit Naomi Schiff who admitted she couldn’t see Hamilton leaving the team just yet. Schiff commented: “I think Lewis would be more likely to go to Ferrari but I don't think he’s going to leave Mercedes. "He is very much a team player. I think he’s also said he wants to leave his legacy there and be part of the team just like Niki [Lauda] was. I don’t see him leaving last minute after all these years with the team.”