Lorraine Kelly fired back at a social media troll who took aim at the ITV favourite's appearance. The Scottish-born presenter laughed off the cheeky swipe as she reacted online. The comment comes after Tuesday's episode of the show where Lorraine sported longer locks. The 63-year-old took to the micro-blogging site today and offered a swift response to their remark. Twitter user, Cathy wrote: "I really think Lorraine needs a makeover hair is awful I’m surprised no one has mentioned this time for a short cut Lorraine." The person in question had responded to a social media user who had been talking about Adam Lambert's recent appearance on the ITV daytime show. READ MORE: Amy Nuttall breaks silence on split after Andrew 'walked out' Lorraine shared the message with her 738,000 followers as she issued a response. The presenter penned: "Well good morning Cathy - only problem - when I have short hair I look like Wilson from 'Castaway' (if you know you know)." Social media users flocked to comment on the post as they rushed to Lorraine's defence. Shaun replied: "You look beautiful Lorraine."  Karen penned: "Awwww leave our Lorraine alone." Lesley agreed: "Goodness me, Lorraine. You always look fabulous to me. Why do some people think that they can say such rude, personal things? You go gal!" Anne assured: "Omg some people!! You look wonderful take zero notice." Butterfly added: "Brilliant response Lorraine!" The TV icon returned to her studio as she thanked ITV co-star Ranvir Singh for stepping in and saving the day while she was away. Lorriane made a welcome return on Monday morning after taking half of last week when she was sent home from the London studio. Despite going to work as normal last Wednesday, the presenter was allegedly forced to leave before going live on air after becoming suddenly unwell. She has since provided a health update as she addressed her recent show absence. Whilst appearing on Good Morning Britain to tease Monday's show, Ed Balls asked if she was feeling better. "Much better, thank you," Lorraine responded. "And can I say a massive thank you to Ranvir, who when I was sent home on Wednesday, rushed in and saved the day. Thank you so much, love, as always," she said before branding the former Strictly Come Dancing star as "superwoman". Lorraine airs weekdays on ITV at 9am.