Contouring is done to sculpt and add dimension to your face by using makeup that is slightly darker or lighter than your actual skin colour. Unlike foundation and concealer, which should match the tone of your skin, contouring is all about creating the effect of shadow and light. While anyone can try this technique, beauty expert Ali Andreea has warned against it if you want to look younger. In a recent video posted on her YouTube channel, makeup artist Ali Andreea revealed the contouring mistakes made by people with mature skin. She explained that while it's a great technique for making your face more defined, it can emphasise the natural effects of ageing on the skin. Ali said: "The reality is that contouring after a certain age will age you because we associate youth with a rounder face." Reminiscing how her own face shape has changed, the beauty expert noted that many people take it for granted in their younger years. READ MORE: Makeup artist swears by 'sheer' product to 'delete' under eye darkness The "baby fat" that many people have in their 20s often disappears with age leaving you "no longer looking youthful", according to Ali. She said: "So contouring the face is something that we all love because it gives us structure but the truth is, the older you get, the less you want to contour."Instead, you should focus on products that will warm up your skin - blush, as high as you can. But anything that is lower will just age you." To avoid adding years to your appearance, the beauty expert recommended avoiding heavy bronzing and contouring around the cheeks. DON'T MISS...Queen Camilla wears specific jewel to ooze 'elegance' [REVEAL]Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff shares how to look younger [INSIGHT]Princess Kate’s ‘hair rule she swears by’ according to beauty expert [ROYAL] Demonstrating the effects of poorly placed contour on her own face, Ali revealed the difference that darker shadows can have on the complexion. The Paris-based makeup artist explained: "Of course, you could contour the nose, you can contour the forehead. "But I think that what really makes a difference, what ages us, is when we contour the cheek." After applying the product to the hollow of her cheek, she noted that while it does give structure, it's a "bit too severe". READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Shoppers love 'effective' serum On the side of her face without any contour, Ali used a cream bronzer product to warm up her complexion. She said: "A cream bronzer makes a big difference. It will look like skin." Of course, for a natural finish, choosing the right shade for your skin tone and applying it in the correct areas are crucial. Ali suggested applying it on top of the cheeks and a small amount on the forehead and browbone to "lift the eyes". After she applied the contour on one side of her face and the bronzer on the other, the makeup artist revealed the difference. The bronzed side looked soft and glowing while the contoured side appeared more cool-toned and harsh. Ali said: "The bronzed side looks a lot more balanced, it has a lot more sweetness to it." To complete the look, you can add a small amount of soft light peach or pink blush to the high point of the cheekbone for a more youthful glow.