Miami Open chief James Blake insists Emma Raducanu keeps “getting better” and is “continuing to make great progress” after she was awarded a wildcard for the prestigious WTA 1000 tournament. Raducanu, 20, was provided a welcome boost with the wildcard entry into the main draw in Miami for one of the most eminent events on the calendar outside the Grand Slams. She is currently the world No.80 and was just five spots away from a guaranteed spot in the tournament. But the 2021 US Open champion is now not required to compete in the qualifying stages and will make her second appearance in Miami later on this month. Her withdrawal from the ATX Open in Austin last week with tonsillitis was just the latest setback in a difficult 17 months since her unforgettable triumph at Flushing Meadows. Raducanu has played in just two events this year after retiring hurt from the ASB Classic in Auckland with an ankle issue. She crashed out in the early stages at the Australian Open, albeit offering encouraging resistance to the more accomplished American Coco Gauff in a three-set defeat. JUST IN: Fritz rushes for sick bucket mid-match as star chunders on court  “Raducanu is such an incredible story what she did at the US Open, taking the world by storm like we hadn’t seen since Maria Sharapova winning Wimbledon at such a young age and becoming a media phenomenon,” Miami Open tournament director Blake told the Miami Herald. “It’s been a bit of a struggle since then, but realistically for her age, she’s getting better, and just happened to have one of her greatest performances at one of the biggest events on the calendar. She’s continuing to make progress.” Raducanu has stuttered with injuries and a loss of form ever since the meteoric rise that saw her become the first qualifier and youngest British player to win a Grand Slam crown. But she showed glimpses of her best tennis in the courageous defeat to world number seven Gauff in Melbourne. DON'T MISSDjokovic 'denied US entry by Homeland Security' as Biden request madeNovak Djokovic gets Grand Slam support in bid to overturn US banDjokovic discusses end of Nadal's 18-year streak as showdown addressed The British number one has now prioritised remaining fit and playing consistently at the highest level, following the series of injury setbacks that derailed her first full season on the WTA Tour last year. She will be desperate to make the most of her direct entry into the main draw in Miami, with the chance to start moving back up the world rankings. But before that, she is expected to make her return at the Indian Wells in California in the first leg of what is known as the “Sunshine Double”, before the Miami Open gets under way on March 19.