While high living costs and economic uncertainty prevail, millions of Britons have been looking for an additional source of income to boost their bank balances and better plan for any potential financial hits. With a number of different side hustles available to take on, finding one that can generate a worthwhile sum while enabling people to balance their everyday responsibilities can be difficult to decipher. According to digital marketplace Airtasker, up to 46 percent of Britons surveyed already rely on a side gig to make extra cash, but more are likely to follow suit. Google searches for "side hustle ideas for beginners" have risen by 7,100 percent in the UK and searches for "fast side hustles" are up by 3,800 percent. In reality, however, side hustles tend to turn into just another full-time job, causing many who undertake them, stress and burnout. Thomas Kralow, financial markets expert and founder of University Grade Trading Education, said: “We could all use a few extra pounds, especially now as inflation is eating away at our earnings and prices won’t stop climbing. Side hustles have never been more popular — from freelance work to making deliveries or filling out surveys — but many take up valuable time and resources. “You’re making money, but you have no energy left to live your life or time to spend with loved ones. Thankfully, not every side hustle is as draining as a second job. When choosing a venture, it’s important that it’s profitable, scalable and doesn’t require too much heavy lifting.” READ MORE: Woman's side hustle earns her £200 a month - just for watching Netflix  Don't miss... Nearly half of Brits have set up a side hustle to help make ends meet [ANALYSIS] Mum shares key to success after making £184,000 in just one month [EXPLAINED] 'Get paid to walk' - passive income apps could 'boost' income [INSIGHT] Flipping Flipping essentially means buying and reselling goods for a profit. In 2022, for example, Ellen Degeneres bought a house for $21million (around £17.4million) and resold it for $36million (around £30million) a year later. While a $15million (£12.4million) profit would be hard for anyone to turn down, being a millionaire isn’t a requirement. Mr Kralow said: “You can resell electronics, furniture, clothes or jewellery bought from thrift stores; find bargains on the discount racks; or browse online marketplaces in search of a good deal. You can even start by reselling your own stuff - because we all have that storage closet full of unwanted items.” Mr Kralow continued: “All you need is an eye for a good deal and an eBay account. Check out the #thriftstore hashtag on TikTok for inspiration.”  Join the sharing economy People can also rent out their things for profit. Mr Kralow said: “It can be anything. Your car, your couch, your camera. All you need to do is post on Airbnb or the growing number of peer-to-peer rental websites. As well as monetising your underused assets, you also get to help someone out, support the sustainability movement and fight overconsumption.” Depending on the location, people could earn around £200 a month by letting someone else use their driveway to park. For people living close to a train line or in an inner city area, it could be worth checking the likes of JustPark or ParkLet for a quick valuation. Mr Kralow said: “All you need is an internet connection. No special skills or knowledge are required.” READ MORE: It could be possible to earn up to £30,000 a year being an Airbnb host  Affiliate marketing When people click on product links in certain social posts, such as those on TikTok, and makes a purchase, the creator earns a commission, and according to Mr Kralow, anyone can do this. Mr Krawow said: “You choose the products, register as an affiliate and promote them through your network, socials or a blog. Some affiliate programs offer up to 50 percent commission, so there’s serious money to be made even from a small number of purchases. “You don’t need to work for every sale. One link on your socials can capture ten customers and, as your follower count grows, so too will your earnings.” Sell knowledge According to Mr Kralow, online education is “booming”. The number of e-learners has increased more than 10 times in the past decade and will likely only rise as demand for more and new skills increases. Mr Kralow said: “There’s undoubtedly a market for the expertise that landed you your job, so why not share that knowledge with others? An online course distributed through your network, socials or platforms such as Udemy can generate passive income at scale.  “You only have to record it once. Alternatively, you could launch a paid newsletter or subscription on Substack or Patreon, but this requires ongoing dedication.” Detailed knowledge of a particular subject and a smartphone with a camera is all that’s needed, Mr Kralow suggested. Investing Mr Kralow said: “Start investing small amounts and watch it grow thanks to compound interest.” During an economic downturn, Mr Kralow suggested using a pound-cost-averaging strategy and regularly investing the same amount into their chosen assets despite price movements. He explained: "This helps to avoid risks and reduces price volatility. Start small, don’t risk all your money and definitely don’t invest borrowed funds.” 