Taylor Kinney will be missing from several episodes of Chicago Fire this year after he was confirmed to be taking a break from the NBC drama to handle a personal matter. On Wednesday night, viewers found out how his character Kelly Severide’s absence was explained, and many were left hoping he’ll be back in the firehouse soon. Severide’s absence was definitely felt by fans in the latest episode of Chicago Fire, Damage Control. After starring in every episode over the show’s 11 seasons so far, Kinney took his first major break from the series at the start of the year. It’s unknown whether he’ll be back by the end of the current season, though fans can rest assured this won’t be a permanent departure. In the episode on Wednesday, Severide’s wife Stella Kidd (played by Miranda Rae Mayo) was left alone and Chief Wallace Boden (Eamonn Walker) was annoyed at losing one of his best firefighters with just a day’s notice. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges After weeks of speculation, it was revealed Severide was at an arson investigation training program in Alabama, where he’ll presumably remain for a number of weeks. Joe Cruz (Joe Minoso) stepped up to the plate to lead the team as acting lieutenant, but fans were still sorry to let Severide go for the time being. On Twitter, @jessencredible wrote: “Joe Cruz, Squad Lieutenant [salute emoji]. I don't hate it. But still, bring Severide back!” Chrysa Mullinax posted: “#ChicagoFire wow. What a great episode. All the feels. Severide was sorely missed though!!” @fandomstandom added: “I miss Severide but Cruz in a Lieutenant helmet isn't all that bad.” “Ahhh an arson training program,” @rai_sssssa said. “Gonna miss you Severide.” While @moon_child_210 pleaded: “I NEED SEVERIDE.” To which @MichelleDelNigr replied: “We all need Severide!” And @ZroHour was happy with the explanation, writing: “Ahh...so that's how they wrote Kelly Severide out of the show for a while.” DON'T MISS:Daisy Jones and the Six star recalls ‘embarrassing’ costume blunder [EXCLUSIVE]The Last of Us’ Pedro Pascal on ‘shattering arm in three places' [INTERVIEW]The Rookie Feds fans outraged after being 'misled' by crossover tease [BACKLASH] “Attending special training for arson investigation is a good explanation for the actor's absence.” Fans can at least be thankful that Severide’s leaving wasn't down to an injury sustained on the job or some kind of family tragedy. Given actor Kinney is busy handling a private matter, sending the character away for more training is the most sensitive option for the series. Plus, it could tee up some interesting missions for Severide and the team once he returns. Once he’s fully equipped to handle arson investigations around Chicago, Firehouse 51 could be tasked with some high-stakes cases which are sure to keep fans on their toes. Kinney’s return has yet to be confirmed by CBS, so viewers shouldn’t expect him to return for at least another few weeks. The series itself is also taking a break until the next episode on March 22, so hopefully the midseason breaks will give the star time to return by the summer. Chicago Fire season 11 continues Wednesdays on NBC in the USA and the following Friday on Sky Witness in the UK.