A 21-year-old MMA fighter was rushed to hospital over the weekend after suffering a cardiac arrest during a fight. Isaiah Abels was competing in his third bout as an amateur against Saevon Canto in Indiana when he went into cardiac arrest. Abels' brother Zach posted an emotional message on Facebook explaining how the incident occurred during the second round after he landed a takedown. Following some confusion over what had happened, medical staff entered the cage and were able to restart Abels' heart before he was taken to hospital. "Last night Isaiah Abels engaged in battle," Zach wrote. "It went two rounds. First round went to him with beautiful striking. The fight transitioned into the second round. Isaiah continued to pick his shots and maintained his pace and distance. Unexpectedly he was countered with a lead hook. "He responded with a takedown and continued to pressure his opponent against the fence to recover from the hook. Isaiah then disengaged from the clinch and went to press forward. As he continued to pressure his opponent something ominous happened. JUST IN: Chandler in for 'bad night' with McGregor but told how to avoid KO "Isaiah took a step forward and collapsed to his knees. He was going into respiratory arrest. Soon after the fight was stopped. The ref had no idea what really happened thinking it was a typical stoppage. Clearly it wasn't. "Isaiah wasn't getting up because he was also going into cardiac arrest. Once the doctors and medics accessed the situation. They got his heart going as they assisted his breathing. We rushed to the hospital. A hour or so later Isaiah was stabilized. "I don't know what you believe in, but the fear of God was put into all of us last night. Words can't even describe. I'm grateful for everyone praying and thinking about him, but I really wanna thank the medical professionals along with God. Don't miss... Jones already has next fight lined up following triumph over Gane [LATEST] Ngannou sends message to Jones after dominant UFC 285 win over Gane [LATEST] Drake wins eye-watering Jones vs Gane bet after losing £334k on Paul [LATEST] "Again, I don't know to what degree you believe in God, but please continue to keep Isaiah in your thoughts and prayers. Please, God. Please everyone. Please. I love you, Isaiah Lee." Southern Indiana Combat Production, who staged the event, also released a statement which read: "We thank everyone for showing your support through this whole situation. First, we want to wish a speedy recovery to Isaiah Abels in hopes that he can regain all strength and abilities as quick as possible. To him and his family, we will be keeping you all in our thoughts and prayers. "Next, we want to thank the cage side doctors and first responders who worked briskly to provide care to Isaiah. You are greatly appreciated. We want to thank all who were in attendance last night for the overwhelming support shown to our fighters and your understanding and patience in the matter. Please continue to keep Isaiah and his family in your thoughts and prayers."