First Date’s maître d Fred Sirieix appeared on Lorraine on Friday morning to talk about his new E4 show Fred’s Last Resort. The show will see Fred recruit 12 young people at a crossroads in their lives and throw them into a life-changing, highly demanding role in luxury, high-end hotel hospitality. However, the one thing viewers really wanted to know was if he had any health updates on Merlin Griffiths, the popular barman from the Channel 4 dating show. Broaching the subject Lorraine said: “Everyone was worried about him… because obviously, he was living with cancer.” Fred was quick to reassure her that his friend and colleague was doing well. He said: “He’s doing much better. But you know what’s amazing with Merlin is his stoic attitude is very positive. “And the way he’s taking it is, for me, is an inspiration. It really is wonderful the way he is about all this.” READ MORE: Coronation Street fans blast Daniel blunder in Daisy stalker storyline Following his initial treatment, Merlin was temporarily fitted with a colostomy bag. It was removed after nine months, and he updated followers on his Twitter saying:"Gosh, it's very odd knowing all my insides are actually inside me again after 9 months of a #stoma. “Next step, farting. Then food. #NHS #Cancer #Surgery" (sic) Explaining what the surgery entailed in reply to a comment, he further explained: "I have no rectum. Colon attached directly to rectal stump, but my surgeon seems to think it's workable. “Won't ever be the same, but should theoretically settle into some kind of new routine." (sic) When he announced his release from hospital following the procedure in February this year, amongst those offering her support was former Big Brother star Adele Roberts. She has had her own well-publicised battle with bowel cancer. She was announced cancer free in January. However, she currently still has a stoma. DON'T MISS: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [OPINION]The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [OPINION]Zoe Ball apologises to listeners as Gogglebox's Lee Riley swears  [INSIGHT] She penned: “Congratulations Merlin! Keep smashing it and so happy you’re on the mend. Thank you so much for sharing your recovery xx.” To which Merlin replied: “Thank you Adele! Will you be getting a reversal too?” Radio personality Adele responded: “Hopefully one day! Not for the moment though. “I’m not able to get a reversal for the time being… but we’re working on it. “The NHS are so amazing. It’s been brilliant to see you thriving.” Offering her his support Merlin wrote: “Fingers crossed. If you ever want to discuss pros and cons of reversal in the future drop me a line. Happy to share my experiences.” Fred’s Last Resort begins on Tuesday, 14 March at 9PM on E4.