Rishi Sunak declared "Britain is back" as he touched down in San Diego to finalise the latest steps in the UK's defence partnership with America and Australia. The defence accord, dubbed AUKUS, was agreed 18 months ago between Boris Johnson, Joe Biden and Scott Morrison. The agreement aims to deliver nuclear-powered submarines to Canberra as part of a bid to counter China's influence in the region. Under the three-way deal, the US and UK will also agree to share secret reactor technology. However, the latest AUKUS meeting will have a slightly different feel to it as Johnson was succeeded by Liz Truss and subsequently Sunak. Morrison was also ousted last year when Anthony Albanese's Labor Party swept to victory in Australia's general election. JUST IN: Sunak on verge of second major Brexit breakthrough as he edges towards bumper Pacific deal During his interview with NBC News' Lester Holt, the Prime Minister said: "Britain is back." The 42-year-old will hope the latest AUKUS meeting could hand him yet another major diplomatic scalp, having negotiated the Windsor Framework for the controversial Northern Ireland Protocol and met with French counterpart Emmanuel Macron to discuss solving the Channel crossing crisis. But AUKUS is not quite over the line just yet as Congress still needs to approve the defence deal. The initial agreement about the accord caused consternation in Paris as AUKUS replaced a separate Franco-Australian deal. READ MORE: Sunak faces brewing Tory rebellion as MP says she won't vote for 'horror' migrant bill Sunak also highlighted how AUKUS is a part of a wider plan to ramp up military expenditure in the UK. Ahead of the Prime Minister's US trip, the UK Government announced defence spending would be increased by £5billion in two years. Sunak said: "We’re investing more in our armed forces over the next couple of years, billions of pounds more. "We’re increasing our defence spending, because my belief is that the world has become more volatile."  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will turn Coronation into 'soap opera' [LATEST] Silicon Valley Bank seized by regulators after run on deposits [SPOTLIGHT] Gayle King weighs in on Sussex children's new royal titles [INSIGHT] On support for Ukraine, the Prime Minister added: "I think it’s important right now that we accelerate and intensify our support to Ukraine." Sunak's sit down interview with Holt will air at 6.30pm EST (10.30pm GMT).