Rafael Nadal lifted his first Wimbledon trophy in 2008 after getting the better of Roger Federer in an epic five-set final that lasted for four hours and 48 minutes. And after the showdown, the Spaniard showed his true colours as he insisted his rival was still the best player in the world. “It's impossible to explain what I felt in that moment,” Nadal gushed following a tearful ascent to the VIP box to celebrate with his family. “I'm very, very happy. It is a dream to play on this court, my favourite tournament, but I never imagined this. “I must congratulate Roger. He's still the No1, he's still the best, and he's won five times here. But now I have one, and that's very important to me.” Nadal raced into a two-set lead against Federer but was then pegged back after the Swiss ace won two tiebreaks at the end of the third and fourth sets. Momentum appeared to be swinging in Federer’s favour after he saved two championship points and forced the match into a deciding set. But the Spaniard held his nerve to win the fifth set 9-7 and become the first man since Bjorn Borg in 1980 to win the French Open and Wimbledon back-to-back. JUST IN: Alcaraz offers fresh Indian Wells hope as tournament faces Nadal blow Nadal and Federer had come up against each other in the 2006 and 2007 Wimbledon finals, with the latter winning both of those encounters. Nadal later wrote in his autobiography that his 2007 defeat had left him “utterly destroyed.” And he added: “I had let myself down and I hated that. I had flagged mentally.” But 2008 proved to be one of the finest years of Nadal’s career as he won two Grand Slams and reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open and US Open. DON'T MISSNadal injury takes toll as Spaniard's 18-year streak worryingly endsRafael Nadal gives injury update after 'major breakdown' at Aus OpenDaniil Medvedev kicks off Novak Djokovic mind-games ahead of clash  The 2008 Wimbledon final is now regarded as one of the best matches ever played, with seven-time Grand Slam champion John McEnroe exclaiming: “The greatest match I’ve ever seen.” And 11-time major winner Borg said: “That’s the best tennis match I’ve ever seen in my life. I was just happy to be there, to be part of that final. You cannot see a better tennis match.” Nadal went on to win his second Wimbledon title in 2010 after overcoming Tomas Berdych in the final. Federer, meanwhile, claimed another three titles at the All England Club and retired last year with eight Wimbledon crowns to his name. The duo only faced each other one more time at Wimbledon, with Federer beating Nadal in the 2019 semi-finals before losing to Novak Djokovic in the showpiece event two days later. 