Shocking new footage has emerged of five police officers shooting a 25-year-old man dead in his BMW during a routine traffic stop. Cops are heard shouting ‘gun’ several times before firing at Chase Allan in an act his family has branded “brutal murder”.    The body camera video was taken on March 1 and released on Wednesday by police in the state of Utah. It shows Mr Allan refusing to give officers his driver’s licence or comply with most of their commands. He instead responds with a series of anti government views, calling into question their authority to pull him over. Officers initially pulled Mr Allan over for using an "illegitimate licence plate" - a placard with a flag - and began shooting at him after he reached downward, police chief Eric Johnsen told reporters on Wednesday. At least six bullets are sprayed through the right-side windows of the blue BMW, pulled over in a car park in snowy Farmington, located 17 miles north of Salt Lake City. The team of cops shoot many rounds into the vehicle before a ceasefire call. In a statement, Mr Allan’s family claimed police are "stonewalling" them. "Officers claim it was a routine traffic stop, yet the officer requested multiple other officers to the scene a couple blocks prior to the stop," they said. "This resulted in the brutal murder of Chase at the hands of five Farmington police officers, with them shooting him while he was still in his automobile and likely terrified for his safety. READ MORE: Grandad, 81, survives for a week on croissants and sweets as car trapped in snow bank “They shot 12 plus rounds at him while he was still inside the car with the engine running and lights on when reporters arrived.” Express.co.uk has approached Farmington Police for comment. Police released photos showing a handgun found on the floorboard of the vehicle. The clip shows an empty holster on his hip as his body is dragged from the car, with the handgun on the floorboard. In the video, the Utah State University graduate tells an officer on scene: “I don’t need registration and I don’t answer questions.” The officer then calls for backup, warning the driver: “The direction this encounter goes is 100 percent in your hands.” Don't miss... £1.6 billion lottery jackpot winner sued as man claims ticket 'stolen' [INSIGHT] Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave after causing chaos [SPOTLIGHT] Massive 15ft shark attacks two swimmers in Hawaii [LATEST] He eventually provided a passport, but refused to leave the car after a demand from the officers, the footage shows. Another officer threatened to break the window of the car to drag him out. Mr Allan then holds a phone in his right hand before switching it to his left hand which frees up the hand closer to his holster moments before cops fired. An officer opens the driver’s side door and Mr Allan makes a move, though it’s uncertain whether it was to unbuckle his seatbelt or to go for the holster. Before shots were fired by police, no gun was visible in the holster or anywhere else in the footage. Mr Allan was taken to the hospital and later pronounced dead. Police have not alleged he fired a gun during the confrontation. The five officers aren’t named in the footage released. Johnsen said four of the five officers have been with the force for between seven and eight months - and the fifth officer is a 12-year veteran of the department. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews