This is the shocking moment a murder suspect escaped a courtroom seconds after his hands and feet were unshackled. CCTV footage shows Edi Villalobos, 28, bolting through an unlocked door at the back of the courtroom, putting distance between himself and a security guard caught completely off guard.    Villalobos, set to stand trial accused of stabbing to death his mother’s partner, then sprints through the building, outsmarting his chasers by slamming doors closed behind him. The escape bid was foiled two hours later when Villalobos was found hiding beneath a blanket inside the bedroom closet of an empty flat roughly four blocks away. The dramatic incident unfolded at 11.15am on February 27 at the Oregon Washington County Courthouse in the United States, where state law requires the accused to be unshackled. Villalobos, who wore a blue top and has a tattoo below his right eye, was spotted breaking into the apartment where he was later re-arrested. A grand jury has now indicted him on charges relating to his escape and his trial has been postponed to a later date. His alleged victim, Artemio Guzman-Olvera, was fatally stabbed on April 10, 2021.    Don't miss... US deals massive blow to China as Xi plots 'ramp up military' [SPOTLIGHT] Five cops shoot dead driver, 25, through BMW at traffic stop [VIDEO] Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave after causing chaos [INSIGHT] He then allegedly stabbed another man after fleeing the scene. Villalobos  was originally facing charges including second-degree murder and unlawful use of a weapon. He has been remanded in custody at Washington County jail. Speaking to reporters, Washington County Sheriff’s Communications Sergeant Danny DiPietro said of the handcuff removal: "That's what's required by Oregon law." READ MORE: Chinese rocket carrying three spy satellites into space implodes over US He also said the force is "always looking to do better" and indicated the next hearing could involve shackling the suspect throughout. DiPietro clarified Villalobos will face a burglary charge relating to the apartment break-in. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews