A baby found in woodland in Sussex after a 54-day search may have been dead "for some time", police have said. However, officers were unable to confirm any details about the child - not even whether it was a girl or a boy. In a statement this afternoon, Detective Superintendent Lewis Basford of the Metropolitan Police said: "At this stage, we have not yet been able to confirm the baby's gender on a post-mortem examination has not yet taken place. "Despite this, based on the inquiries we've carried out so far, we believe sadly, the baby may have been dead for some time. "Before they were found is too early for us to provide a more specific date. Because we believe that death occurred during the course of a missing person investigation. "We've made a mandatory referral to the independent office of police conduct. This is a standard protocol for such circumstances." Det Supt Basford added: "I can also confirm that Constance Martin and Mark Gordon remain in custody at this time. "And the warrant for further detention that was granted yesterday will take us through to late evening. "Officers from the Met will remain in this area for the coming days." Superintendent James Collis of Sussex Police added: "We have seen an outpouring of public sorrow, following yesterday's heartbreaking discovery and have been overwhelmed by kind messages and support to those involved in this challenging search and investigation." READ MORE: China’s Covid lab leak was 'intentional’, expert claims "The latest developments mean that the investigation is moving into a new phase and while the Metropolitan Police will remain in the area. The large police presence for the search will be scaled back." Neighbourhood officers will continue to be in the local community to offer support and address any concerns, he stressed. Supt Collis added: "I would once again like to thank the public for their patience and support through this operation and express my gratitude to the huge number of people who have helped or offered to help in any way that they can. It is truly appreciated." Ms Marten, 35, and Mr Gordon, 48, were arrested on suspicion of child neglect after a passer-by spotted them in Brighton on Tuesday. DON'T MISSMum praised for transforming son into Prince Harry on World Book Day [PICTURED]'I queued an hour to visit Clarkson's farm shop but was underwhelmed' [OPINION]Prince Andrew 'resisting' Frogmore move as he doesn't want to downsize [REPORT] They were re-arrested the following day on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter and the remains of a baby were found on Wednesday. The couple had been on the run since January 5 when their car was found abandoned and on fire next to the M61 in Bolton. The warrant of further detention which was granted yesterday is in place until late this evening (Thursday, 2 March.) Officers from the Met will remain in the area over the coming days. Anyone who has information which could support the investigation should call the incident room on 0208 345 3854.