Tottenham chiefs are split about whether to re-appoint Mauricio Pochettino this summer, according to reports. Spurs could be searching for a new boss with Antonio Conte's future in doubt. Conte is out of contract at Tottenham at the end of the season. Reports are increasing that he will leave when his deal expires. The Italian has so far failed to end Spurs' trophy drought and must overturn the 1-0 deficit against AC Milan tonight to keep their Champions League dream alive. A return to Italy could be on the cards for Conte, who has spent time recently in his home country as he recovered from gallbladder surgery. Pochettino has previously made it clear he would like to return to Spurs one day. He was a hugely popular manager in north London between 2014 and 2019, leading the club to their first-ever Champions League final.  Read more... Bruno Fernandes could be toast after Man Utd boss Ten Hag's comment [COMMENT] The Argentine has been out of work since being sacked by Paris Saint-Germain last summer. The Evening Standard says he would be open to taking a job immediately if the right opportunity came up. But Pochettino would also be open to waiting until the summer, increasing his chances of a return to Spurs. However, the report says not everyone at Tottenham is convinced re-appointing Pochettino would be the right decision. There is a split amongst the club's hierarchy about whether the 51-year-old would be the right appointment. Pochettino would not be the only coach under consideration if Conte were to leave the club.  Don't miss... Inside Dele Alli's rocky romance with Pep Guardiola's model daughter [INSIGHT] Graham Potter spotted in heated post-match exchange with Cucurella [PICTURES] Victor Osimhen gets the ultimate approval to join Man Utd [TRANSFERS] Pochettino managed Spurs for almost 300 matches after leaving Southampton at the end of the 2013/14 season. He lost in the final of the League Cup in his first campaign in charge. He, like managers both before and after him, was unable to win any major silverware while in charge at Spurs. The club's last trophy was the League Cup in 2008. Pochettino built a strong relationship with Harry Kane during his first spell with the club. Spurs chiefs may feel his return would help convince Kane to stay, with his contract set to expire in the summer of 2024. However, those against Pochettino's re-appointment may point to the fact he was unable to build on leading the club to the Champions League final in June 2019. He was sacked less than six months after the 2-0 defeat to Liverpool in Madrid.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here