New brides and grooms will meet for the first time at the altar on their wedding days for the new series of Married At First Sight Australia. Each of the 10 couples was selected by relationship experts Mel Schilling, John Aiken and Alessandra Rampolla. Ahead of the series airing, Mel teased something happened in the first nine seconds which "changes the course of the entire experiment." Melbourne native Mel appeared on Monday's episode of This Morning where host Holly Willoughby was eager to find out what explosive moments are in store for the new series. "You obviously can't tell us - or can you?" Holly cheekily asked Mel. "I don't want you to tell me. But, is it? Oh, what is it?" Mel teased: "It's a complete game-changer. You really want to know - I can tell!" "Let me tell you what I can tell you," Mel continued. "Literally the first nine seconds will change the course of the entire experiment. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' "Something happens which is so out of the blue. It's never happened before." Holly chimed in to ask if someone is already married but Mel was not allowed to answer. Instead, she said: "There's a hypothesis, let's throw that into the mix. What others are there?" Holly continued: "Did someone have an affair at the wedding? Or someone went off with a bridesmaid?"   Mel cracked up laughing and resisted spilling too many details about the new season of Married at First Sight Australia. "The thing we can talk about actually is that the men come under fire," Holly added. "There are some big characters, good and bad, and actually the women really have to pull together this series." Throughout the experiment, the couples will experience the highs and lows of marital life with a partner they barely know.   Don't miss... Meet the stars of Married at First Sight Australia season 10 [EXPLAINER] Married at First Sight Australia is returning for season 10 in the UK [UPDATE ] MAFS UK couple Zoe Clifton and Jenna Robinson pay tribute to experts [LATEST] Mel and her trusted colleagues are there to guide the newlyweds as they are hit with challenges along the way. Last year's series was particularly explosive, with a range of the cast falling out around the table as dinner parties took place. Brides Olivia Frazer and Domenica Calarco famously clashed throughout the series, with Olivia sharing explicit photographs of the latter with the rest of the group. During the couples' retreat episode, Domenica smashed a glass in front of Olivia's face in anger.  However, Olivia exaggerated the story and the women's feud continued until the experiment ended. Season 10 returns tonight (Monday 6) at 7.30pm, but it is out twice in one evening. The first outing airs until 9pm, with the second edition hitting screens at 10pm until 10.35pm. This Morning airs on weekdays at 10am on ITV and ITVX. 