Borussia Dortmund midfielder Jude Bellingham has hinted that he was pleased to see Liverpool beat Manchester United over the weekend. The midfielder liked a post celebrating the result, prompting many to believe that he has now indicated his preferred destination ahead of the summer transfer window. Liverpool humiliated United at Anfield on Sunday evening with a historic 7-0 win. Cody Gakpo, Darwin Nunez and Mohamed Salah were each on the scoresheet twice, with Roberto Firmino coming off of the bench to put the icing on the cake with a fine solo effort. The Red Devils self-destructed in front of Erik ten Hag’s very eyes, with his side’s performance lacking any sort of courage and belief despite lifting the Carabao Cup just seven days before. Questions will now be seriously asked of United’s crop of players and their mentality, though many have been quick to point out that a performance of that nature cannot be unexpected given that Ten Hag has not truly shaken up the squad yet. The former Ajax boss is expected to welcome several new arrivals over the summer in a bid to make United title contenders. Though it appears that he will struggle to persuade Bellingham to join him at Old Trafford after he was spotted liking an Instagram post from Trent Alexander-Arnold after Liverpool’s win. The right-back posted a selfie of him smiling in the Anfield tunnel, as well as a picture of the scoreboard shown in the 90th minute. Over 1.4 million of 24-year-old’s followers liked the post, though the approval from Bellingham may be the most significant of them all. It was well documented that a few of the Reds players struck up a friendship with Bellingham whilst away on international duty at the Qatar World Cup, so the social media activity may not come as too great of a surprise. Though it did provide Liverpool supporters with another reason to celebrate, hoping that the ‘like’ is the former Birmingham City star giving his seal of approval on the win and hinting that he would like to join them at the end of the season. Several clubs are interested in signing Bellingham over the summer, though it has been speculated that the Reds are leading the race to secure his signature. United also hold an interest in the teenager, having tracked him before he joined Dortmund, as well as Real Madrid, Manchester City and Chelsea – providing all the ingredients to what could be one of the biggest bidding wars in recent times.