Barclays bank is to close another 14 branches in June and July, in addition to 41 branch closures already announced for this year. Several branches have already closed this year with the most recent closures including Weymouth and Dagenham earlier this month. These are the latest Barclays bank branch closures that have been announced: READ MORE: Hundreds of Nationwide customers paid £250 - how to apply for cash boost  The latest raft of closures comes after the bank closed a record 132 branches last year. Barclays is expanding its flexible banking services for customers. This includes in-person banking support through 'Barclays Local', which are launching in local communities across the UK. Barclays plans to launch 70 new sites in 2023 after opening 200 outlets in 2022 with some in new locations that previously did not have a Barclays presence. These outlets may be in community hubs such as town halls and libraries, with Barclays Local staff to provide face-to-face help. Don't miss... PIP claimants may be impacted by Jeremy Hunt’s Budget changes [BENEFITS] BT, Sky, TalkTalk, Virgin and Vodafone hike broadband and mobile costs [BILLS INCREASE] WASPI woman slams DWP for just two years warning of age change [PENSIONS] Jo Mayer, head of Everyday Banking at Barclays UK said: “Barclays Local provides a flexible way to reach customers in new locations and retain a presence where customer footfall has reduced, bringing face-to-face support to convenient locations. “As visits to branches continue to fall, we need to reimagine where and how we show up to provide the best service for customers now and in the future. “Our new banking pods and community pop-ups help us to tailor our in-person support for each location, including support with digital skills. “In areas where we close a branch, we will maintain our presence in that community offering an alternative face-to-face solution.” READ MORE: NatWest offers 6.17% interest rate through ‘go-to’ savings account  Barclays is also set to launch a series of banking pods as part of the Barclays Local service. Managers have yet to reveal locations for the pod but some of them will be set up in areas without a current Barclays presence. The pods provide a dedicated space for banking services in places such as shopping centres and retail parks, and they can be moved around depending on demand. There are plans for at least 10 of the services after the customers tried out the first in St Austell. Another six electric vehicle banking vans will also be added to Barclays' current fleet of 10 vehicles, providing in-person services to customers in remote locations. Below is the full list of 41 Barclays branches that were previously announced as closing this year. Several of them have now closed: For the latest money news, follow us on Twitter at @Expressmoney_.