King Charles has been warned of a potential backlash following his reported decision to evict Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from Frogmore Cottage and offer the property to Prince Andrew. Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu, a lawyer and activist, hit out at The King on Twitter, as she branded the monarch a "weak coward". The Duke and Duchess of Sussex stepped down from royal duties and relocated to California in 2020, however they have retained Frogmore Cottage as their official UK home. This comes as the Duke of York has been told he may have to leave his current home at Royal Lodge due to financial constraints once his annual grant from the Privy Purse is cut from April. Reports claim the cottage has been offered to Andrew as an alternative, a move which has "stunned" Harry and Meghan. Dr Mos-Shogbamimu shared her disgust at the decision on Twitter, as she wrote: "King Charles evicting Harry and Meghan from Frogmore Cottage is pure spite because of #Spare. A weak coward of a father - cruelty unworthy of a King. "Like the Royal Family don’t have other properties to house the disreputable Prince Andrew? A very unwise move that’ll backfire." Author and journalist Omid Scobie, who co-authored an unofficial biography of the Sussexes published in 2020, gave an insight into the couple's feelings on their eviction. In a comment piece for Yahoo! News he wrote: "At a time when communication between Harry and his family has reached an all-time low, further details provided to the couple by the institution have been scant. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan left 'stunned' by King's decision to evict them  "The property, they were told, is needed for someone else. It’s news, sources tell me, that has left Harry and Meghan stunned, and at least two members of the Royal Family appalled'." Scobie did not reveal who the two royals were who reacted to the news in such a way. The decision to take Frogmore away from Harry and Meghan was reportedly made days after the release of Harry's memoir Spare, which included damaging revelations about senior members of the Firm. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry leaves audience in stitches during latest TV interview [LATEST]Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes [REVEAL]Harry and Meghan won't 'feel safe in UK' without Frogmore [SPOTLIGHT] The cottage may now become a home for Andrew, however according to sources he is "resisting" the move as he does not want to downsize. An insider told The Sun the prince is "resolute" in his desire to stay in Windsor and the home he has lived in for more than 20 years. The Daily Express's royal correspondent Richard Palmer said that he will "fight tooth and nail to stay at Royal Lodge". Frogmore has had a £2.4million revamp since Harry and Meghan first moved in, as has Royal Lodge since Andrew took over the property following the death of the Queen Mother.