The Duchess of York, also known as Fergie, expressed her pride at being able to provide for her family and support her ex-husband now that he no longer is a working member of the Firm. Sarah refused to be dragged into the row concerning Frogmore Cottage and whether Prince Andrew will relocate to the home formerly inhabited by Prince Harry, Meghan Markle and their son Archie Harrison. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat But she hit out at criticism levelled at the Duke of York by commentators and news reports. Asked whether the Duke will be moving to Frogmore Cottage, Fergie told Hello! magazine: "This is really a matter for the Duke and His Majesty. "All I will say is that for many years now – it started with Budgie the Little Helicopter – I've really pushed to look after my girls and to contribute to the York family life. "Recently they have been saying that it’s unfair of Andrew to ask this or to ask that. Well, since he stepped back [from royal duties] he doesn't actually take taxpayers' money. "And I'm in a position where I can support him and the rest of the family through my work. And I’m really pleased and proud to do that." In a different interview released last week, the Duchess spoke about her close relationship with the Duke of York and how she will "always be there" for him. Asked by the Daily Telegraph whether Queen Elizabeth II was confident Sarah would always be there for Andrew after her death, Sarah said: "She knew". She added: "I will always be there. Always. Because I love her." Sarah joined the Royal Family in 1986 upon marrying Prince Andrew and paired the career of writer alongside her official royal duties. While her relationship with Andrew didn't last and their divorce was finalised a decade later, the pair remained on good rapport for the sake of their daughters - Princesses Eugenie and Beatrice. READ MORE: The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview Sarah also continued to write, and over the years released two memoirs, several children's books and, in the summer of 2021 debuted as a Mills & Boon author with Her Heart for a Compass. Fergie's remarks come a few days after it emerged King Charles told Meghan and Prince Harry to vacate their Windsor residence. The Cottage, which was the Sussexes' main home for the most part of 2019 and remained their official base in England, is said to have been offered to Prince Andrew. The Duke of York, who stepped back from public duties in mid-November 2019 in the midst of the backlash sparked by his interview with Newsnight, is reportedly seeing his subsidy being slashed by King Charles amid an overhaul of the royal spending. Don't miss... Americans react to Rebel Wilson's comments about Meghan Markle [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [COMMENT] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [VIDEO] This, reports claimed, would make it difficult for the Duke to cover the expenses required to maintain his current home, the Royal Lodge. However, Andrew is believed to be "resisting" the idea of downsizing and moving to Frogmore Cottage. The Royal Lodge was the beloved Windsor residence of the Queen Mother until her death in 2002 and was later taken on and renovated by King Charles's brother. While Andrew moved into that lavish home years after his divorce from Fergie, the Duchess is known to be based there whenever she is in the UK.