The ITV presenter was joined by Daily Mirror editor Alison Phillips and LBC radio presenter Sangita Myska. Alison admitted she thought it was "cruel" of King Charles III to kick his son out of the property, with Lorraine said they should "get a hotel" the next time they visit the UK. Lorraine began: "Harry and Meghan's eviction from Frogmore cottage, yes well this is quite fascinating but not unsurprising though." Alison explained her point of view: "Well apparently the decision was made by the King to evict them from Frogmore cottage only hours after the Spare book came out. "So it was obviously done in a heat of passion, I actually think it feels quite cruel." However, Lorraine interjected: "It gives them the moral high ground as well which is probably not what they want to do." READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 Alison continued: "Well I just think it's a four or five-bedroom house which we would all love to live in and it's all been beautifully decorated and all the rest of it. "But it is their only home, it's their only permanent residence here, where do we want them to stay when they come over where they can have security." Unable to hold her tongue, Lorraine quipped: "Do you know what, they can get a hotel room!" Alison disagreed with her suggestion and explained: "Well they wouldn't necessarily have the security and on a very human level if the King wants any relationship with his child moving forward this is not the way to achieve it. "I just think as a parent would you do that?" Sangita disagreed with Alison's point of view and added: "First of all I think it is great that Harry and Meghan have gone off to Montecito and have their own lives. "Absolutely good on them, they are both people who have their own talents and will be very successful in life. "Equally, we are in the middle of a cost of living crisis, there are people who can barely afford their rent and can barely afford their house. DON'T MISS...Antiques Road Trip expert gobsmacked by £20 item's staggering profit [WATCH]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [LATEST] "I have very limited sympathy for extremely wealthy people who have a place that they are not using in palace grounds. "I would suggest that going forward I do very much sincerely hope that they can mend their relationships with their families." It is understood King Charles III wants Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to move out of Frogmore Cottage before his coronation on May, 6. An insider told The Sun: "Charles wanted to start after his coronation with the issues of Harry and Meghan and Andrew put to bed. "The situation has dragged on far too long and he wanted to act decisively and quickly." On Wednesday evening, Meghan and Harry released a statement confirming their eviction from Frogmore Cottage. A statement from an Archewell spokeswoman released said: “We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.” It has also been reported King Charles has offered to give the property to his brother Prince Andrew, who has lived at the Royal Lodge since 2013. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV.