The Tony DiNozzo star is no stranger to updating fans about his life on his social media. Whether it be teasing his character's return to the hit crime drama NCIS, or sharing details about his personal life. More recently, the NCIS alum has given young aspiring actors some advice on what helped him in his own career.  The actor is famous for portraying agent Anthony DiNozzo in the television series NCIS for over a decade. Although the actor isn't currently on-screen, he regularly gives them their Weatherly fix via posts and updates on his social media. And in a recent post, reflecting on his long-running acting career, the star opened up about an individual who had an early influence on him. In a Tweet, Weatherly discussed the advice he took from fellow actor Charles Grodin’s book,  It Would Be So Nice If You Weren’t Here.  The star also recently revealed to his Twitter followers that he was off to Changmai to begin an adventure in Thailand. And from what seemingly appears to be a selfie from his holiday, Weatherly shared a snap of himself sporting a pair of sunglasses as he posed in front of some tropical plants. Along with the picture he wrote: “Hi. Starting out as an actor, I read Charles Grodin’s book It Would Be So Nice If You Weren’t Here. "Perfect title. His advice for young actors was to sit and watch people. Observe behaviour. Enjoy the human carnival. I’m doing that today. It’s awesome. Thanks, Grodin.”  Weatherly's career reflection clearly resonated with his fans, who commented on how they also followed Grodin’s advice to observe people. One user @EvansNicolina agreed: “Always the best source of inspiration. And a fun and interesting way to pass the time.” Account @PSBridgebooks wrote: “As a stage actor I did exactly this, watched people, everywhere. For improv work I'd sit & listen to people's conversations on buses, in queues, parks, anywhere. Really helped!” While @GinaEva52289232 added: “That's good advice in general for everyone,  not only actors.. people watching. Observe and learn..”  Whilst one user @Carol_L_Mitch probed Weatherly, asking: "Will you be applying new behaviours to your new project(s)? Because we really do love the DiNozzo and Bull behaviours.” It comes after the actor hinted good things are to come in a New Year’s message to fans, teasing that two fan-favourite characters may be reunited soon, as part of an “interesting year” ahead. Weatherly then replied to a fan’s (@dlrthart) Tweet which read: “We all would rather look at you and Ziva reuniting and enjoying that moment.” referring to his character’s co-star on NCIS. The star responded: “Stay tuned… for this might be an interesting year for such ‘moments’!”  Unfortunately, there haven't been any official updates from CBS regarding a Tony and Zina (Cote de Pablo) return to the NCIS. Meaning fans will have to hold tight to see if the pair do indeed make a return, or if Weatherly himself drops any more social media updates regarding the future of his career. All seasons of NCIS are currently streaming on Disney+.