Emmerdale's Vinny Dingle (played by Bradley Johnson) was left heartbroken last year when Liv Flaherty (Isobel Steele) died in a freak accident. The youngster got trapped underneath a caravan when a huge storm swept the Dales. Belle Dingle (Eden Taylor-Draper) has also been unlucky in love after falling for serial killer Lachlan (Thomas Atkinson). However, fans seem to think the unlikely duo with be pushed together in a whirlwind romance - but it could be shortlived. Fans watched Vinny and Belle grow closer tonight, and they even decided to go on a wild night out with the villagers. "Do you fancy a Horlicks?" Belle asked Vinny. "A few biccies?" "Now you're talking," Vinny replied before adding: "What have we become?" Belle replied: "Yeah... I do not know."  Vinny explained: "Maybe it's a sign of Liv saying, 'Get up and get out'. "I am using her as an excuse to avoid having a good time." "It sounds like something she would say," Belle replied. "You sure you're up for it?" As he grabbed Belle's hands, Vinny concluded: "There is only one thing for it. Better get our sequins on." Following the episode, fans took to social media to air their concerns for Belle. Many predict Belle and Vinny will get together, while others questioned whether the soap is setting her up for a health storyline. One eagle-eyed fan believes the Dingle favourite will end up getting liver failure. Airing their fears for Belle, Twitter user @BallumsHouse asked: "Does anyone else think Belle looks very yellow? #Emmerdale." Don't miss... The Conners viewers 'switch off' as Whoopi Goldberg guest stars [LATEST] Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [VIDEO] Emmerdale couple torn apart after Charles Anderson betrayal [SPOILERS] @realmarkjames20 also noted: "Why is Belle Dingle girl looking so yellow? Early liver failure? #emmerdale." While @mishybabez_ tweeted: "I think Vinny and Belle are gonna get together #Emmerdale." @DionPetrie added: Are they going to get Belle and Vinny together #Emmerdale." "Vinny and Belle gonna get it on?" @funkygibbons theorised. @griannedoherty3 pointed out: "They might not be biologically related but still... "Also anyone else thinking Vinny could actually be Belle's next love interest potentially? They do seem to be spending an awful lot of time together suddenly." (sic) "So Belle and Vinnie going to be the new couple? #Emmerdale," @cauccu1 went on to say. (sic). Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7.30pm on ITV.