Fears of a US banking crisis have led to a worldwide “domino effect” with stock markets tumbling. Regulators shut down both Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank in recent days, with the former bought out by Britain's HSBC for just £1. Volatility could continue throughout the week, experts warn, citing US-based First Republic Bank shares plunging 67 percent on Monday - at $27.08 before being halted over volatility. Walid Koudmani, chief market analyst at investor XTB, said the “combination of 'risk appetite' sentiments fuelled by hope around a 'helpful Fed' and banking sector problems” put pressure on the dollar. “Markets remain very reactive and susceptible to further developments and could continue to be volatile throughout the week as a major domino effect could cause widespread risk-off moods leading to further losses for stocks and riskier assets,” he said. In the UK, ripples from Silicon Valley Bank’s collapse shook some funds and investors. Tom Britton, co-founder of venture capital fund SyndicateRoom, told Express.co.uk: "While our own portfolio is minimally exposed to SVB, the ripples will be felt across the UK tech ecosystem. “The irony is that focus and good communication are drilled into startups from early on, but the bank built around startups seems to have failed on both accounts." “A crisis appears to be averted, for now,” added Jukka Väänänen, CEO of PR platform Newspage. “The tech sector is in a precarious position, though, and it would be naive to think that SVB UK is the only tech bank affected by interest rate hikes. “Questions are once again being raised about risk management in the banking sector. SVB’s collapse will have upped the fear quotient among tech and startup companies, and fear inhibits growth, which is what the economy needs desperately right now." READ MORE: 'Britain is back' Rishi Sunak jets to US to finalise defence deal Tina Teng, markets analyst at CMC Markets, told CNBC that Asian markets will also hear alarm bells from SVB’s collapse. “As for China and Japan, the divergence in monetary policy may not cause a similar crisis but it is a warning for the policymakers in the two influential economies,” she said. Teng added that the reaction in Asian equities – venture fund focused banks, in particular – would largely depend on “how they manage their interest rate risks for those countries that face similar issues”. “Credit risks might be the major issue that Asian banks face at the back of a gloomy economic outlook and dampened consumer demands,” she added. Don't miss... Mum, 21, claims she was 'dreaming' as she stabbed ex 19 times [LATEST] Jackass star Bam Margera arrested after allegedly 'kicking woman' [CELEBRITY] Moment Mexico volcano violently erupts blasting ash 1000 metres [VIDEO] Stocks in US-based Western Alliance Bancorp plunged 83% to $7.84 on Monday. The SVB collapse is the second biggest bank failure in American history.  In an effort to shore up confidence in the system, the Treasury Department, Federal Reserve and FDIC said on Sunday that all Silicon Valley Bank clients would be protected and able to access their money. They also announced steps that are intended to protect the bank’s customers and prevent additional bank runs. “This step will ensure that the US banking system continues to perform its vital roles of protecting deposits and providing access to credit to households and businesses in a manner that promotes strong and sustainable economic growth,” the agencies said in a joint statement. Under the plan, depositors at Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank, including those whose holdings exceed the $250,000 insurance limit, will be able to access their money on Monday. Joe Biden has also promised the US banking system is safe. “Americans can rest assured that our banking system is safe. Your deposits are safe,” the President said at the White House. “Let me also assure you we will not stop at this. We will do whatever is needed on top of all this.” The president then added that affected customers can “rest assured” that they will have access to their money, vowing: “Management of these banks will be fired.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews