Jake Paul has given seven different excuses for his recent decision loss to arch-nemesis Tommy Fury. In the immediate aftermath of the fight, Paul claimed an arm injury and a bout of flu contributed to his downfall and has now added five new excuses to the list. Speaking during a recent appearance on his brother Logan’s podcast, Impaulsive, The Problem Child affirmed that the loss was down to his camp being too short, an improper weight cut, weak legs, and the fact that he didn’t implement his game plan properly. “Everything. Tommy didn’t win the fight, I lost it. I was not good, I was not on my A game, I did not implement the gameplan, my legs were weak going into the fight,” said Paul. “I think I cut the weight improperly for a seven-week camp, normally we do 12-week camps because I’m behind the eight-ball, I’ve got to catch up with these guys, I’ve got to be extra sharp, we squeezed in this camp. Bro, I don’t even want to sit here and make excuses, I lost the fight, I wasn’t at my best and it’s that simple.” But the excuses didn’t stop there, Paul even blamed the defeat on a wet dream he had the night before the fight. "I literally woke up in a panic like 'F***',” he added. “Right after you wake up and jolt out of it. You have two weeks of testosterone build up and the reason a wet dream happens is because your body needs to release that energy and yeah, I f***ed myself. That's why it's bad is because it makes your legs weak, because the sperm is stored in your legs." This comes after he told a packed-out Diriyah Arena in his post-fight interview: “Honestly, I felt flat, I got sick really bad twice in this camp, and injured my arm. But I lost, I'm not making excuses. It wasn't my best performance." Paul has claimed that he was at 70 per cent on the night and is keen to run it back with his fierce rival. The ex-Disney actor intends to activate the rematch clause in his contract with Fury and is expected to do so in the coming weeks. Esteemed boxing insider Mike Coppinger reports that the second fight is being targeted for July. No location has been disclosed as of yet although it is likely the grudge match will return to Saudi Arabia given the success of the event and the massive purses both fighters received.