Anton Du Beke, who has appeared on every series of Strictly Come Dancing since it was revived in 2004, was initially a professional paired to dance with celebrities. However, when Covid hit he ended up replacing Bruno Tonioli on the judging panel for the full 2021 series, as the flamboyant judge stayed on the US version Dancing with the Stars. The BBC confirmed last year that the Italian-born judge would no longer be a permanent judge on the panel with Anton, 56, taking his seat with fellow judges Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and head judge Shirley Ballas. Bruno, 67, stepped down from the BBC's flagship Saturday evening show after 18 years. He has since joined the judging panel for Britain's Got Talent alongside Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon and Amanda Holden. The TV star replaced ex-judge David Walliams who quit the ITV show last year. READ MORE: Ken Bruce shuts down 'hidden agenda' after he's booted off Radio 2 Speaking to Chris Evans on Virgin Radio's Breakfast Show today, Anton spoke candidly about his former colleague's new role. The host asked: "What do you think about Bruno being on Britain's Got Talent?" "I think it's a genius booking," Anton replied. "Did you hear that it was going to happen before it did?" Chris quizzed.  Anton replied: "No, I didn't. It happened really quickly. I heard they said, 'what about Bruno?' And [show producers] were like, 'ok.'" Speaking about working with the former Strictly judge, the professional dancer continued: "He's brilliant. I have to tell you. I've known him for 20 years. "I think he will be so good on the show because he can talk about an array of acts. The whole gamut of everything and he will put his enthusiasm into the show. "He will say what he sees. He's been around. He's been doing this a long time and he knows what he is looking at." Anton went on: "I think his energy is going to be wonderful. You know sometimes you go, 'why wouldn't you' as a booking. "He's a genius booking." His comments come after Strictly judge Craig claimed that Simon has wanted to sign Bruno up for the past decade. Asked whether Bruno was a good addition to the ITV talent show, Craig said: “Of course. I’m so pleased for him. “It’s the break Bruno needed and it’s a nice change of scene. “He knows his stuff. He’s very opinionated and a good judge of character. “Simon has wanted him on that show for the past 10 years but Bruno wasn’t prepared to leave Strictly, until Covid sort of made that decision for him.” Craig told ITV. Strictly will return to the BBC this autumn. Britain’s Got Talent, with Bruno as a judge, is expected to air on ITV in April.