Tributes have flooded in for two "inseperable" boys who died in a horrific accident. Teenagers Riley Hedley, 17, and Mikey Easton, 16, died tragically in a car crash in Morpeth, Northumberland, on Sunday at approximately 12:40 am. Despite the best efforts of paramedics, both teenagers were pronounced dead at the scene of the accident on the A196. The pair's family and friends have led tributes to the inseparable pals. Mikey's dad wrote: "Hardest post ever fly high my beautiful little boy... totally gutted, devastated hope you are at peace my little angel dad and mam love you so much. "RIP Mikey Easton RIP Riley Hedley taken far too soon... you were never apart and then taken together too soon." READ MORE: Terrifying moment mum found her little girl turning blue [INSIGHT]  Mikey's sister posted: "Rest in peace Riley and Mikey. I can’t believe you are gone it doesn’t feel real, we miss you so much already, honestly I don’t know what to say I’m still so shocked you're gone but we had some great times and even better memories." A friend also wrote: "Today we sadly lost two good friends of ours and it’s shocked a lot of us in many ways, the boys will be missed by all of us and forever be on our minds and in our hearts." Another said: "Rip Mikey Easton and Riley Hedley gone but never forgotten!!! Prayers go out to the families of both." And a third added: "Rest in peace beautiful boys."   Don't miss... Suella Braverman orders 'woke' police to protect free speech [LATEST] Men stamp over gravestones as violent fight breaks out in cemetery [LATEST] British teenager hit over the head with stone and raped in Barcelona [LATEST] Northumbria Police is making an appeal for witnesses and the victims' families are being provided with specialist support officers. A Northumbria Police spokesperson said: "Two teenage boys have sadly lost their lives following a collision in the Morpeth area – and we are appealing for witnesses to come forward. "Emergency services attended the scene but sadly, despite the best efforts of paramedics, the 17-year-old old driver of the car and a 16-year-old passenger passed away at the scene." "Both families are currently being supported by specialist officers at this tragic time.  "We're asking for anyone who has not yet spoken to us to get in touch, especially if you were travelling in the area and may have some information or dashcam footage." Sergeant Craig Bartle said: "This is an incredibly tragic incident involving two young men who had their whole lives ahead of them. "Our thoughts go out to both the young men’s families and close ones as they attempt to come to terms with today’s devastating news. We will support them in every way we can and ask that the family’s privacy is respected. "An investigation has been launched to establish the circumstances surrounding the collision and we’re asking for anyone who has not yet spoken to us to get in touch, especially if you were travelling in the area and may have some information or dashcam footage that could help our enquiries." 