Last week saw Amy (played by Elle Mulvaney) and her friend Summer Spellman's (Harriet Bibby) boyfriend Aaron Sandford (James Craven) getting extremely drunk together. The two shared a kiss before Amy decided she needed to lie down. As she lay unconscious after passing out on her bed, Aaron continued to kiss her and remove her clothes. The Coronation Street youngster has since worked out what Aaron did to her, and on Monday's episode, she confronted him. She also decided to move back in with her mum, Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford). During the latest episodes, fans of the ITV soap 'worked out' a potential murder twist as Amy came close to telling Tracy the truth about her terrifying ordeal. The heartbreaking episode saw a hungover Amy trying to piece together what had happened the night before. She began to get flashbacks of Aaron and knew something wasn't right. As Aaron carried on acting normally and even got back together with Summer, Amy decided she had to get away from the house for a while. She even confronted Aaron, who insisted what had happened was consensual and nothing more than a drunken mistake READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find Amy went to see her mum and asked if she could stay with her for a few nights. "Amy it is never too crowded for my little girl," Tracy commented before pulling her daughter into a hug. Amy appeared a bit emotional as she embraced her mother, who quickly asked what was wrong. "Are you alright?" she questioned, to which Amy replied: "Yeah, I just missed you." "Amy, you see me every day," Tracey pointed out. When Amy said she simply had "hangover blues," Tracy tried to dig a bit deeper but Amy insisted she was fine. As Amy continued to act out of character, her mother once again asked: "Has something happened? You can tell me, you know." "No," Amy replied, quickly changing the subject. As the mother and daughter reminisced about their past, it remained clear to Tracy something was still wrong. Amy pretended she was still upset about her breakup with Jacob Hay (Jack James Ryan), but it seems Tracy didn't buy the story. Don't miss... Prince Harry 'won't return to UK' since finding 'genuine happiness' [LATEST] Jeremy Vine blasted for not challenging caller’s ‘hateful’ remarks [REACTION] The Chase player hits back at Mark Labbett after he brands him 'weak' [VIDEO] As her daughter walked away from the table, Tracy seemed very concerned. It didn't take long for fans to point out that Tracy has a sketchy past and would likely "murder" Aaron if she found out the truth. Back in 2007, Tracy killed Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward) by hitting him on the head with a heavy statue. Some viewers recalled the incident as they predicted Aaron might be Tracy's next victim. Twitter user @RKTovey wrote: "Tell Tracy, Amy, she'll go murder Aaron #Corrie #CoronationStreet." @WilliamWillh penned: "Tracy is going to murder Aaron! #Corrie #coronationstreet." @fussyMcWhiskers penned: "#Corrie Aaron really doesn't think he's done anything wrong - we need a Tracy intervention here - with a frying pan!" @penniless_poet added: "Please tell Tracy Amy. For all her faults she loves you to bits and will go straight into fierce protective lioness mode #Corrie." "I want Amy to tell Tracy, just so she can go and nail Aaron to a wall. #Corrie," @liamjmellor80 shared. @mikepriestley13 added: "I wish Amy would tell her mum Tracy about Aaron. So she can go round and sort him out! #Corrie." Posting a photo of Tracy whacking Charlie around the head, @MickJohnPNEFC remarked: "Aaron when Tracy Barlow finds out.....#Corrie." @ChewBarker78 posted: "Aaron, you might want to Google 'Tracy Barlow' #Corrie." Coronation Street continues on Wednesday at 8pm on ITV.