The Met Office has issued a yellow warning in 10 different UK regions as the country is predicted to be swept with "heavy snow". Almost all of England, Wales and Northern Ireland are covered by the warnings, while the northernmost parts of Scotland are also predicted to be hit with snow on Thursday and Friday this week. Rural communities are at risk of being cut off, while the Met Office warns of potential disruption to electricity and mobile phone coverage. The weather agency added that "significant" snow is predicted to fall over northern England, Northern Ireland and southern Scotland, where "10-15 cm is expected quite widely above 100 metres, with a chance that 25-40 cm could fall in some places." Acknowledging the Met Office's warnings, National Rail has already warned of disruption. Snow and ice are expected on the Southern, Gatwick Express, Thameslink and Great Northern networks.   A warning from the operator said: “Until the morning of Thursday, 9 March, snow showers are expected at times, although not all areas of the network will be equally affected. Ice will cause an additional hazard, especially overnight. “Staff are working hard to minimise any disruption, but there could be some changes to trains." It explained that ice on tracks can prevent trains from drawing electrical power from the rail, and can even make them unable to move. Efforts to prevent this include "running snow and ice-busting trains around the clock when winter weather strikes which are fitted with anti-icing fluid to stop the electric rail freezing up, adhesion gel for the rails for wheel grip, and snow ploughs when weather is severe". The warnings come as the country already faces widespread disruption from snow sweeping the country today. READ MORE: All flights to and from Bristol Airport suspended due to heavy snow [REVEAL] Rail services particularly impacted at the moment are Southeastern lines, with services disrupted on the Hastings, Sole Street, Bromley North, Bromley South, and Hayes lines. Flights from several airports have been hit by delays, including at Bristol Airport which has temporarily closed for “snow clearing operations”. Gatwick Airport said some passengers experienced “minor delays” on Wednesday morning but “the airport is open and flights are operating”. Schools across the UK will also be closed today due to heavy snowfall, with parents advised to check the local authority’s websites for the latest information. Don't miss... Motorists face being stranded as three-day blizzard to blanket Britain [REVEAL] Princess Anne braves the rain in chic navy raincoat and red beret [ANALYSIS] Met Office pinpoints exact day 'disruptive snow' to bring chaos [INSIGHT]