Wrexham Rob McElhenney has been in high spirits in recent days after seeing his side climb to the National League summit with a 2-1 midweek win against Chesterfield. The victory saw the Welsh club overtake Notts County at the top, with a game in hand to boot. McElhenney had earlier praised the heroics of stopper Rob Lainton with a Tweet marvelling at the keeper’s display and has now turned his attention to Premier League big boys Arsenal and Man City after Wrexham topped another table which included the monied duo. Wrexham’s tally of 84 points from 34 league games gives them an incredible 2.47 points per-game record this term - the best in England’s top-five tiers. This fact was highlighted by the football data outlet Playmaker Stats, who revealed Wrexham were ranked ahead of Pep Guardiola’s side, Mikel Arteta’s Premier League leaders, as well as their National League rivals. McElhenney, who created sitcom 'It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia', couldn't help but poke fun at the Premier League giants with a cheeky tweet in response to the stat. “Not sure who those other clubs are,” the actor joked. “but [Wrexham] and [Notts County] look pretty good this season :)” MUST READ Rob McElhenney has ultimate compliment for Wrexham goalkeeper after 'Gordon Banks' save Notts County’s points-per-game tally of 2.37 sees them sit in the top three just behind Arsenal at 2.38. The fact both National League sides feature so high is a testament to their respective remarkable runs and is sure to make for a nail-biting conclusion to the season where only one outfit can secure the league’s sole automatic promotion spot. Vincent Kompany’s high-flying Burnley just missed out on the top three after accumulating 2.24 points-per-game this season. The Clarets will get a taste of the Premier League action they are all but guaranteed to experience next term in the quarter-finals of the FA Cup where they will face Man City, who ranked sixth on the list with 2.20 points-per-game this season. League One leaders Sheffield United sit just above the Citizens in fifth place with a tally of 2.22 points-per-game as they tussle with Plymouth Argyle for the league title.