A dad has been left furious after a car was parked on his driveway for four days before suddenly disappearing. Zekarias Haile, a college lecturer from Wythenshawe, Manchester, believes a holidaymaker left the car on his drive to avoid paying for parking at Manchester Airport. The 51-year-old lives with his wife and two children, and said the Range Rover left on his driveway restricted his access to his bins and garden. Mr Haile told Manchester Evening News: "I just went out and it was there. Then it was there Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. On Monday morning when we woke up it was gone." He eventually called the police regarding the rogue vehicle, but he was told by officers that it was not a criminal offence, meaning there was nothing they could do. Police couldn't legally tow the vehicle away because Mr Haile's car wasn't being blocked, they said. He has lived there for 14 years, and his family have become aware of others using the same tactics to avoid parking fees at the airport. Mr Haile added: "A lady who was out the front when it was left told me the driver was wearing a high-vis jacket so I do believe it was one of those companies. My worry now is that, because I couldn’t do anything about it, it will happen again. "There are rogue parking firms who claim they are meet and greet and they just park in our area. It's a violation of my private property." Residents in Wythenshawe and holidaymakers alike have endured a lot of problems with parking in the area. READ MORE: Drivers fined staggering £2.6billion for breaking road rules Manchester Airport's pricey charges have led to some finding cheaper alternatives. Some homeowners have even rented out their driveways. A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police confirmed the matter was not a criminal offence, but that the homeowners could approach the council and take civil action. On the parking situation, they added: "As well as our own wide range of products, there are many reputable operators that serve Manchester Airport. DON'T MISS'Best chance possible' to appeal expensive parking fine [INSIGHT]Driver uses ChatGPT AI to appeal airport parking fine and saves £85 [NEWS]Judi Dench backs fight to end controversial blue badge parking ban [CELEB] "We categorically do not condone the practices of rogue operators, including those that falsely imply customers' cars will be parked in secure locations and whose activities blight surrounding communities. "We have worked closely with council trading standards teams and Greater Manchester Police over many years to combat this, and speak regularly with local councillors and residents about their concerns. "As passenger numbers continue to increase in the wake of the pandemic we will maintain our position on this, working closely with Manchester City Council and Greater Manchester Police."