Manchester United icon Roy Keane had an opposite view to Arsenal hero Ian Wright regarding West Ham's captain Declan Rice ahead of the Hammers' trip to Old Trafford in the FA Cup on Wednesday. The England man is set to be the subject of interest from the likes of United and Arsenal in the summer, but Keane believes that Rice needs "to do a lot more" to be in the conversation among the Premier League's top midfielders. Rice's performances for club and country over the past few years have seen him linked with host of top sides, as Arsenal, United and Chelsea are among the teams expected to compete for his signature in the summer. West Ham are reportedly resigned to losing their skipper, after he turned down multiple opportunities to extend his stay at the London Stadium. However, Keane feels that Rice has more work to do before moving to a Champions League side. "Obviously he has got to focus on doing well for West Ham for the rest of the season, I don't think he has been great this season I really don't," Keane told ITV. "He has not really kicked on for all the talk about him, a lot of good PR coming out of West Ham from how much he has worked. I think he needs to do a lot more - doesn't score a lot of goals, doesn't get enough assists. "I think I know what I am talking about, I played midfield, he needs to do a lot more. I have been a fan of him, he turns up every week but I just want a bit more from him, there's talk of him leaving for big money and going for one of the bigger clubs, competing for trophies and playing in the Champions League, he needs to do a lot more it is as simple as that. READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final  "Sometimes I see him at West Ham, not saying he is playing badly but sometimes he is going through the motions, sidewards, backwards, picking the easy option. He needs to do a lot more to be one of the top midfielders in the country." Wright, on punditry duties with Keane, offered a different view of the man that was said to be one of Arsenal's top targets to improve their midfield for next season. "Wow. I think it's a bit harsh," Wright admitted. "Coming off the World Cup I thought he had a pretty good World Cup. I think the team he is playing in, yes, they are not playing great but when you look at what he is doing from that six position, trying to get forward and no real striker scoring goals consistently, he is going to get a lot of attention in that respect." DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light  Keane noted Wright's argument that West Ham's disappointing season may be hindering Rice, but felt that it was easier for players to stand out in poor squads. "But I think it’s better to play well in a bad team," Keane replied. "To me, he doesn’t stand out in a bad team, which is a worry." Former Hammer Joe Cole made the transfer from West Ham to Chelsea in 2003, a move that has been tipped to be repeated with Rice as the Blues are his boyhood club, though Cole feels that any talks over a summer deal will take place at the end of the season. "Every time I talk about Declan Rice it is always about his future," he added. "West Ham are in the FA Cup, the Conference League and for me, Declan will want to put that to bed and sort it out in the summer. He has got a year left on his contract and it will have to be spoken about." 