Following the outstanding success of the first season of Wednesday, Netflix announced the show will be returning for a second season. Star Jenna Ortega hinted Netflix will ramp up the horror aspect of the show “a little bit” whilst reducing the amount of romance in her character Wednesday’s storyline. Actress Ortega shared her hopes for the upcoming season of Wednesday whilst appearing on The Tonight Show chatting with host Jimmy Fallon this week. When Fallon asked Ortega what she would like to see happen on the second Wednesday the actress revealed what was discussed in the show's writers room. She told Fallon: “Everyone’s being really cool. I think we want to up the horror aspect of it a little bit. "And then get Wednesday out of her romantic situation and just let her be her own individual and fight her own crime.” Ortega also shared her opinion on the new season and its potential new focus on horror whilst appearing on Dax Shepard’s “Armchair Expert” podcast. During the interview, she told Shepard she had to “put her foot down” when it came to her character's love triangle between Xavier Thorpe (Percy Hynes White), and Tyler Galpin (Hunter Doohan). She explained: “I don’t think I’ve ever had to put my foot down more on a set in a way that I had to on Wednesday, “Everything that [Wednesday] does, everything I had to play, did not make sense for her character at all. Her being in a love triangle made no sense.” she added. When it comes to Ortega’s other projects, Fallon also touched on the actress's recent joint appearance with Aubrey Plaza at the SAG Awards at the end of last month. During the award ceremony, the duo introduced the award for best male actor in a television movie or limited series. She told Fallon about the moment and the response from fans who wanted the two to collaborate on a project together, Ortega said, “I would do anything with her.” “She’s another one of those people where everyone kept saying, ‘Oh, you remind me of Aubrey,’ or ‘Oh, you two should get together,’” Ortega explained.  She recalled a moment backstage, adding: “And we just never did until we were backstage then. And she just looked at me and said, ‘Hey you! Get over here.’ She’s really cool.” The actress is also set to have her Saturday Night Live hosting debut this weekend, accompanied with pop-band The 1975. In a promo for the show, Ortega delivered a cheerful introduction alongside the four members of The 1975 and cast member Bowen Yang. Smiling at the camera she introduced herself saying: “Hi, I’m Jenna Ortega and I will be hosting SNL this weekend with musical guest The 1975.” Following her introduction, co-host Yang asked what the actor was doing, to which Ortega replied with animated hand gestures, "I’m being upbeat.” "You know, I don’t want people to think I’m like my character Wednesday.” the star continued. Yang told her to “cool it” because she was “freaking people out". Ortega, who appeared to be defeated, responded: “I can’t win” The actress will be promoting her hit Netflix series alongside her new movie Scream VI which premiered this month. Season one of Wednesday is currently streaming on Netflix.