Hugh sparked controversy during their joint appearance together, however, when he made a rather rude joke about his own look. Prior to presenting the Best Production Design award at the 95th Oscars, Hugh quipped he looked like a “scrotum” as he complimented Andie’s ageless look. “We’re actually here to do two things,” Grant began as an unsuspecting audience waited with bated breath. He continued: “The first is to raise awareness about the vital importance of using a good moisturiser. “Andie has been wearing one every day for the last 29 years,” Hugh continued. “I’ve never used one in my life.” Hugh then gestured towards Andie as he complimented her: “Still stunning.” READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ But as he began to gesture towards his own face, he remarked: “Basically a scrotum. The joke went down a storm in the Dolby Theatre as the audience in attendance let out a laugh at his quip. Andie also chuckled along before asking her former co-star: “What are you doing?” However, a number of fans at home were seemingly unimpressed with Hugh’s crude comments, taking to the web to share their thoughts. Twitter user @tucklikesd***s fumed: “What was with hugh grant and that joke like SOMEONE PLEASE GET GRANPA OFF THE STAGE.” While @edumak8 sarcastically commented: “Apparently Hugh Grant likened himself to a scrotum. Enthralling…” Meanwhile, Amy Slaymaker wasn’t impressed as they harshly hit out: “Hugh Grant not only looks like a scrotum he acts like one too. #oscars.” And @RobsTinFoilHat raged: “Hugh Grant used to be this cute, funny guy. Now he’s just rude and bitter. Also apparently a scrotum. #Oscars2023.” Don't miss... Jimmy Kimmel slammed for ‘gross’ question to Taliban shooting survivor [REACTION] Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [LATEST] Little Mermaid trailer leaves Oscars viewers outraged  [WATCH] While Teri Hart slammed: “Hugh Grant is dismissive and rude to Ashley Graham on the red carpet, being all holier than thou, and then goes on the Oscar stage and makes a scrotum joke. #Oscars2023.” However, there were others who saw the funny side of Hugh’s self-deprecatory joke. Fellow viewer @CharlesNordholm added: “#HughGrant had the best joke of the night while presenting with Andi McDowell.” Hugh has also sparked a mixed reaction from fans at home for his behaviour during a red-carpet interview with Ashley Graham. The actor seemed dismissive to Ashley’s probes about his suit and his favourite thing about the Oscars. He also rebutted her question about his cameo in Glass Onion and insisted he didn’t have his hopes up for “anyone in particular” when it came to the awards. In the end, Ashley thanked him for his time before Hugh promptly walked off. The Oscars are available to stream on Sky and NOW in the UK now.