BYU quarterback, and NFL hopeful, Jaren Hall gushed over the prospect of a future link up with Packer’s star man Aaron Rodgers. The 24-year-old is seen as one of the top prospects in his position in this year’s class and said it would be "phenomenal" to earn his stripes in the league under Rodgers’ tutelage. Hall confirmed at the NFL Draft Combine that he'd held talks with the Packers ahead of this year's draft. The young quarterback is expected to go early in the first round, and has discussed the idea of learning from Rodgers at Lambeau Field. “[He’s] one of the greatest that you could be behind to learn from.” Hall said at the NFL Draft Combine. “I watch him a lot, I watch the Packers often. I love watching him do his thing so to be able to learn from someone like that as a young quarterback would be phenomenal.” Speculation over Rodgers’ future in Green Bay has been rife for weeks now as the Las Vegas Raiders become the new bookies favourites to secure his signature this off-season. Any move would end the 39-year-old’s successful 18-year association with the franchise that has yielded one Super Bowl win and a host of individual accolades. MUST READ Aaron Rodgers emerges from four-day darkness retreat with decision over NFL future pending However, despite still having two years left on his huge £125million contract extension signed last spring, the four-time MVP has failed to rule out a move elsewhere. And it has been reported that, unlike in years prior, the Packers aren’t desperate for him to stay as they require concessions the superstar may not be willing to agree to. Packers’ general manager Brian Gutekunst added weight to this theory during this week’s combine when, responding to the question of whether he wanted Rodgers’ back at Lambeau Field, he said: “Those discussions have to happen in making sure it the right fit but obviously we know the kind of player that Aaron is and once we have those conversations we’ll be able to move forward and we’ll have more to say.”