Ron DeSantis has been mocked for wearing “high heels” at his latest appearance. The Florida Governor, who is allegedly five-foot-eleven according to a 2013 report, has long been tipped for a run at the White House in 2024. While embarking on a book tour across the US, a picture of DeSantis was posted on Twitter with him at a desk. Underneath, the Governor’s boots are seen, with a prominent heel roughly two inches. Twitter user @ettingermentum jokingly said “are those high heels”, with others joining in to mock the footwear. User @sloanflournoy said they were “manly footwear with a little lift", while @nieltown added: “He’d be a lot cooler if they were.” Another user, @russelltim151, said: “Makes Ron three inches taller in those three inch heels. “Maybe Ron moonlights as a Spanish Flamingo dancer.” User Bill DiFilippo made a basketball reference and joked: “Trump is going to ask if he's ever been able to touch rim and it'll be game over.” Singer Joshua Hedley also chimed in to say: “No those are just cowboy boots w a regular riding heel.” Not letting up the roasting, @ettingermentum said: “These aren’t cowboy boots. He is in fact wearing high heels and it is because he is a girl.” READ MORE: Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave after causing chaos It comes after Donald Trump unveiled his latest insult towards his could-be challenger, branding him "DeSanctus". "GREAT POLL NUMBERS. LEADING BIDEN, DESANCTUS, AND ALL OTHERS BY A LOT," Trump wrote in a Wednesday evening post to his Truth Social account. "MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!" Trump also called Ron a “RINO globalist” earlier in February when attacking his response to the coronavirus pandemic. New York Times reporter Maggie Haberman also claimed that Trump also "has insulted Mr. DeSantis in casual conversations", calling him "Meatball Ron" or "Shutdown Ron". Despite not explicitly firing back at Trump, DeSantis took aim at his critics when explaining his decision to roll back Disney’s special status in Florida. In an article for the Wall Street Journal, the Governor said that “old-guard” Republicans aren't up to the task of tackling what he calls an epidemic of “woke ascendancy” in corporations. “Policies that benefit corporate America don't necessarily serve the interests of America's people and economy,” he wrote. “In this environment, old-guard corporate Republicanism isn't up to the task at hand.”