Today marks one of the most important dates in the Welsh calendar: Saint David’s Day. A day dedicated to celebrating the patron Saint of Wales, it is often marked by the vibrant visuals of yellow daffodils, green leeks, and traditional dress. Taking place on March 1 to mark the anniversary of the saint's death, back in 589 AD, there are tonnes of ways to get involved with the cultural celebration this year. As writer and broadcaster, Charles Williams. explains, "usually, St David’s Day is a day of parades, concerts and eisteddfodau (festivals of music, language and culture). Flags are flown. The national anthem is sung with extra fervour. Children go to school in traditional Welsh dress, and everyone (well, almost…) proudly pins a daffodil or leek to their lapel." But why? What makes this day so special? And how did it even get started? Well, according to various experts, St David was a significant figure in the 6th century Welsh Age of Saints, being a founder of many religious communities, and the only native-born patron saint of the countries of Britain and Ireland. Unfortunately, St David died on 1 March – St David’s Day - back in 589. He was subsequently canonised by Pope Callixtus in the 12th century, and thus people have celebrated St David’s Day ever since. There a variety of ways to get involved with the celebrations this year, no matter whether or not you're home or away, but here are just a few;  Tune in to CCVG Music Service St David’s Day Concert As advertised on the Cardiff Council's website, CCVG Music Service will be celebrating St David’s Day with an online concert. You can join the St David’s Concert on Facebook​​​​​​​​​​​​​External link tonight at​ 7pm, Monday 1st March.  Visit Wales Digital Festival Visit Wales are running their biggest ever digital event across their social media channels, amplifying Wales to the world. The digital festival celebrates Welsh culture and life, and can be found here on the Visit Wales Digital Festival.  Get busy in the kitchen: Why not make yourself some homemade Welsh cakes and Bara Brith to mark the day? Or, you could cook other traditional Welsh meals such as cawl or Glamorgan sausages. Attend a parade: There are various parades and celebrations taking place all over Wales today. For example, in Wrexham there's a lantern parade in the evening, and a St David's Day Cafe Concert at Penarth Pier Pavillion during the afternoon. 