Denise Fox (played by Diane Parish) almost gave in to temptation in EastEnders when she met Ravi Gulati (Aaron Thiara) at a hotel but stopped their flirtationship from going any further at the last minute. This isn't the end of their story, however, as Callum Highway (Tony Clay) saw she was meeting Ravi that night while scrolling through CCTV footage. Meanwhile, Patrick Trueman (Rudolph Walker) has been spending quality time with Vi Highway (Gwen Taylor) but will soon have to say goodbye to his newest friend. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from EastEnders. Patrick Trueman first arrived in Walford way back in 2001 when he was attending his ex-wife Audrey Trueman's funeral. He reunited with his sons Paul (Gary Beadle) and Anthony Trueman (Nicholas Bailey) after decades away and eventually, the brothers accepted him. It later comes out that while Anthony is his biological son, Paul is the son of Patrick's best friend Milton Hibbert (Jeffery Kissoon). Nevertheless, they stay close and when Paul is later on killed, having got involved with dealing drugs, Patrick is left devastated and still to this day refers to him as his son. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets Years later, Denise finds out that her dad was a member of Patrick's band, The Five Hectors, although she is unclear which one. They take a DNA test and while Patrick knows he isn't Denise's dad, he pretends to be as he has grown very attached to her and her children, Chelsea (Zaraah Abrahams) and Libby Fox (Belinda Owusu). The truth does come out and Denise is mad for a little while but does forgive him, having loved having a father-figure in her life. Kim Fox (Tameka Empson), Denise's half-sister is later introduced in 2009 and Patrick acts like a dad to her as well. Denise and Kim had always believed they were half-sisters, sharing the same mum, Emerald Fox (Doña Croll). She dropped a bombshell in 2018, claiming they weren't biologically related at all but thankfully, a DNA test proved otherwise. Denise is the mum of Chelsea, whose dad is serial killer Lucas Johnson (Don Gilet), and Libby, whose father was Owen Turner (Lee Ross). Whereas Kim is the mum of youngsters Pearl and Mica Fox, who she had with deceased husband Vincent Hubbard (Richard Blackwood). Don't miss... Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [ROYAL] The Conners viewers 'switch off' as Whoopi Goldberg guest stars [REACTION] EastEnders favourite exits soap after less than two years [CAST] Vincent was last seen in 2018 with his whereabouts unknown as he left in the middle of the night. But two years ago, Phil Mitchell (Steve McFadden) finally revealed he had been murdered by a hitman of Aidan Maguire (Sean Maguire). Kim is now in a relationship with children's entertainer Howie Danes (Delroy Atkinson) who found Vincent's wallet at a dump and kept it. Howie's son Denzel Danes (Jaden Ladega) is now living with his dad after being dropped off by his mum Delilah Danes (Chereen Buckley). Denzel is currently in a relationship with Amy Branning (Ellie Dadd), the daughter of Jack Branning (Scott Masden), and Denise's step-daughter. Amy was the daughter of Roxy Mitchell (Rita Simons) who died with her Ronnie Mitchell (Samantha Womack) in a swimming pool on New Year's Day. Denise is also step-mum to Ricky Branning (Frankie Day), the son of Jack and Sam Mitchell (Kim Medcalf), who is going to be a father himself with Lily Slater (Lillia Turner). EastEnders continues four nights a week on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.