King Charles III's first Commonwealth Day speech as King will take place at Westminster Abbey. The monarch is the head of the 56-nation association and his speech will likely reflect on the need to unite and promote democratic, peaceful and prosperous societies across the different nations. King Charles will address the Commonwealth from Westminster Abbey, an iconic building that has been the "final resting place for the great kings, queens, poets, musicians, scientists and politicians" for years. The building features a Gothic exterior and inside, black and white tiles and mosaic floors cover the place. The main area is the Lady Chapel, which was commissioned by King Henry VII, featuring stained glass windows and a royal Coronation chair. In fact, King Charles's Coronation on May 6, 2023, will take place in the breathtaking chapel where the late Queen Elizabeth II was also crowned, aged 25. READ MORE: I removed stubborn limescale from my kettle with cheap kitchen staple  Only 8,000 people saw Queen Elizabeth being crowned while it is reported that around 2,000 people will attend King Charles's Coronation at Westminster Abbey. This will include British Royal Family members, royals from around the world, politicians and other heads of state. "The Coronation will be rooted in tradition and pageantry with a solemn religious service as its core while reflecting the modern, diverse Britain of today," a Palace source told The Mail on Sunday. The official Westminster Abbey website explained: "After William the Conqueror was coronated at Westminster Abbey in 1066, all the royal Coronations have taken place here." Don't miss... Kate may have 'delicious' breakfast food every day to lose weight  [DIET] Kate’s gesture to Prince William put her 'in the role of control'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Danish royals pose for portrait in 'midlife crisis' shoes, claim fans [STYLE] Westminster Abbey is also "the burial site for more than 3,300 people of the past, boasting a rich and eventful history". One of the most iconic features of the building are the 13th-century Cloisters which were once "the busiest parts of the abbey as this is where the monks spent most of their time". The Poets’ Corner has more than 100 burials and memorials for writers with the first poet buried here being Geoffrey Chaucer, the author of The Canterbury Tales, in 1400. The magnificent Henry VII Lady Chapel, built in the 16th century, was created to honour the Virgin Mary and it is also a burial place of more than 15 kings and queens. READ MORE: Meghan's response to Harry shows 'she runs the whole show' says expert "Henry VII spent huge sums for the construction of the Lady Chapel, but it wasn’t completed until almost six years after his death," the site stated. The Choir Stalls are also another iconic part of the Abbey often appearing on TV during royal weddings. "If you visit the abbey on any day, you will be able to hear the choir singing from their stalls, a tradition that goes back to the 10th century," the website explained. Other parts of the building include the Chapter House, the Nave, the Pyx Chamber and the Royal Tombs where 30 kings and queens are buried. Westminster Abbey also hosted the wedding of the Prince and Princess of Wales, Kate and William, in 2011. Interestingly, Westminster Abbey belongs to the sovereign, not the Church of England, and Edward the Confessor began building the church in 1050. It was first named the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter at Westminster and the building is now a resting place for more than 3,500 people. Britons can visit the site for around £30, including the Royal Tombs, the Poet's Corner and the Coronation Chair.