Amy Slaton is well recognised as the star of TLC’s 1000lb Sisters where she opens up about her personal life and weight loss journey. After reportedly moving out of her family home with her sons Gage and Glenn, Amy updated her social media with a new photo of herself looking trim.   Alongside her sister, Tammy Slaton, the two have let viewers into their personal lives as they undertook a major health kick. In season one, Amy weighed 406lb and was on a mission to save her life with a weight loss journey. As well as a focus on scales, 1000lb Sisters introduced the siblings’ other family members and personal challenges over the course of four seasons. Throughout the show, Amy lost over 200lbs, underwent gastric bypass surgery and had two children with her husband, Michael Halterman. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find     However, after an insider claimed the reality star was looking to file for divorce, Amy has taken to Instagram with new photos. In the snap, the 35-year-old is smiling while posing and showing off her smiler frame with a Gucci bag on her arm. She also shared two selfies with her 492,000 followers, alongside the upbeat caption: "Beautiful day to smile!!!" Many fans took to her comments with well-wishes and compliments, including @corrierosez who commented: “Yes queen! Glad you treated yourself to a little Gucci!”  A second fan @slshirey added: “Looking good Amy. Looking real good. It’s so nice to see you smiling. Keep your head held high.” @kcsweet2 remarked: “Someone is getting Skinny.” An impressed @drose34710 wrote: “Wow, you look like you are dropping the pounds again. You look fresh and happy.” @zaliyahthebratt shared: “Okaayyy Amy showin out with the Guccciii.” (sic) DON'T MISS...Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton snubs Michael in first post since ‘split’ [INSIGHT]Tammy Slaton showered with praise after huge weight loss milestone [REACTION] While @sandygores probed: “Looking good. Are you and Mike still together?” Rumours around Amy’s marital status were sparked after fans complained about Michael during a recent episode. Fans fumed as they watched Michael sitting around the family picnic, eating while Amy was overwhelmed and struggled to console both her crying babies. After she was also reduced to tears, Amy was eventually helped by her sister Amanda, while Michael watched from a distance.  According to a source close to the family, via The US Sun, Amy and the children were staying with Tammy at her home in Kentucky. Their break-up reportedly came after Michael supposedly became jealous of Amy devoting all her attention to Glenn and Gage. While Amy reportedly felt like she had married an extremely lazy man. 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. 