Manchester City are reportedly growing frustrated with Bernardo Silva's simmering desire for a new challenge, with Barcelona continuing to circle. The Portugal midfielder could part ways with City this summer as strong links to a move away refuse to fade. In Sunday's edition of Sport, it's claimed that Silva remains keen for a 'change of scenery' after six successful years at the Etihad Stadium. And Barcelona are said to remain keen to recruit him at the end of the season after failing with pursuits last summer and in January. The report states that the runaway La Liga leaders' initial attempts to sign Silva were thwarted by Frenkie de Jong's refusal to leave, despite a deal being agreed with Manchester United. They then approached City in the winter, wanting the 28-year-old on a short loan with the option to buy for around £62million this summer. JUST IN: Arsenal may have proved Gary Neville spot on vs Bournemouth Pep Guardiola didn't want to let him leave midway through the season. However, City are growing tired of what seems like an inevitable parting of ways. Sport add that in a meeting between Man City chiefs and Silva's agent Jorge Mendes, director of football Txiki Begiristain said: "If you want to go, go!" He reportedly followed the comment by requesting Barcelona make a straight offer worth around £58m to lure him away in January. Silva hasn't made his itching desire for a new challenge a secret, which may have contributed to City becoming fed up with the situation. DON'T MISS Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plansLiverpool and Man City could win with 15 Chelsea stars 'facing chop'Billionaire NBA and McLaren chief 'eyeing Everton takeover' Not only has the playmaker been linked with a switch to Spain, but talk of a return to Benfica has also been rife. In January, he said: "I'm 28 years old, I'll be 29 in the summer, and I have two more years on my Manchester City contract. "My contract would end at 31. I won't hide that my goal in the coming years, if something good happens elsewhere, will probably be to move to a new project." For now, Silva will be focused on lifting more silverware in England this season before likely pondering his future again when the next transfer window arrives. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here