Prince Harry and Meghan Markle must launch a charm offensive at the King's Coronation if they are to win back Hollywood, a royal commentator has claimed. "They are going to have to grovel", Kinsey Schofield told Sky News Australia. Her comments come after a series of perceived Hollywood snubs and recent polling suggesting enthusiasm for the couple is waning stateside. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Schofield said: "They [Harry and Meghan] are going to have to grovel. They will have to show up to the Coronation and be seen and pictured with William and Katherine if they can get close enough." The commentator continued: "They need photos with King Charles. They need photos with Queen consulate Camilla who Harry tears apart in his book", adding: "They need proximity to the Royal Family to keep monetising their misery". The Sussexes' absence from a few glitzy events in recent months has fuelled speculation that Hollywood is giving them the cold shoulder. The couple failed to attend Oprah's star-studded birthday party back in January, which included the likes of Kim Kardashian, Jennifer Lopez and Sharon Stone. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan's popularity plummets to embarrassing new low in USA as Royals recover This followed the so-called Bafta Tea Party "snub" in January, where sources claimed the couple were "not welcome" at a glitzy BAFTA Tea Party because it would be a "PR disaster". A source, who is reportedly a BAFTA consultant, told the Sun at the time: "BAFTA decided it was a terrible idea. They thought it would be a PR disaster." However, a spokesman for BAFTA rebutted the claims, adding that Sussexes' attendance "was not discussed whatsoever". The spokesman elaborated: "The BAFTA Tea Party in LA is for those involved in this year’s film awards season, so film awards contenders and nominees." Don't miss... Harry and Meghan insist Palace approved of Archie and Lilibet's titles [LATEST] Harry and Meghan's title move 'predictable', says expert [LATEST] Archie saved a dance for his little sister at Lilibet’s christening  [LATEST] Polling suggests the average American is growing tired of the couple too. A recent Redfield and Wilton survey conducted for Newsweek revealed that Prince Harry's net approval rating fell from -7 percent in January to -10 percent on February 19. The polling of 2,000 eligible US voters found father-of-two's approval rating has tanked by 48 points since December 5, when he registered a positive net score of 38 percent. Meghan's ratings also plummeted as her 23 percent rating in December collapsed to -17 percent in February, having stood at -13 percent in January. The polling comes in the wake of the Sussexes Netflix docudrama and the release of Harry's tell-all memoir, Spare on January 10. The book was scathing of family members, including Prince William, who was described as having "alarming baldness" and who was accused of physically attacking the Duke during an argument about Meghan. Other royals have seen an uptick in their appeal to US voters since polling was last done. Princess Kate, King Charles III and Queen Camilla have all enjoyed higher ratings, with the Queen Consort now more popular in America than both Harry and Meghan. Charles was liked by 29 percent and disliked by 18 percent giving him a net approval of +11 in the latest February polling. On January 16 he was on +8 and he has now all but repaired the small dent in his reputation experienced since December 5, when he was on +12. Camilla was liked by 23 percent and disliked by 23 percent meaning her net approval rating is now on net zero. That is a small improvement since December 5 when she was on -2 and a more significant swing since January when she was on -8. The Prince of Wales was liked by 42 percent of Americans and disliked by 14 percent giving him a net rating of +28 in the February polling. And Kate came out on top, liked by 44 percent and disliked 12 percent giving her a net approval rating of +32. The royal's popularity has improved by six points since January though is still 11 points short of her +43 rating on December 5.