 The Hollywood veteran, 78, and Catherine Zeta-Jones, 53, have been married for over two decades, but still apparently find ways to keep their love life interesting. Michael revealed that their “flashing” deal is still ongoing after Catherine first spoke about their odd ritual.   While answering fan questions for The Guardian, one keen-eyed Graham Norton Show viewer recalled their unique deal. User Fuzzybear questioned: “Does Catherine still make you take your trousers off as a forfeit if she beats you at golf, as she told Graham Norton?” Michael confirmed that this is true, and still ongoing, as he laid out the ground rules they have for their risque sporting practice. He explained: “The rules are I have to whip it out if I don’t hit it past the ladies’ tees.” READ MORE: Courteney Cox finally reacts to Prince Harry's claims he did mushrooms at her home  The Ant-Man star noted that he does “manage most of the time” to get the ball out past this milestone, meaning he doesn’t often have to “whip it out”. However, he added: “There have been times when we’re playing alone, and have to give her a little show because we are competitive. “But only when I play with my wife.” While Michael saves these spicy moments for his wife, Catherine shared on the Graham Norton Show that she holds every man she plays accountable to these rules.     Speaking about her husband, Catherine shared: “I’m pretty good, better than him and we have a bet that if he ducks a shot he has to drop his pants. “It’s not just my husband it’s any man I play. There has been an issue with paparazzi so I make him go into the bushes. “A deal is a deal.” In the fan questionnaire, user TurangaLeela2 asked the Last Vegas star: “Iechyd da (Cheers)! Speak much Welsh?”  Michael admitted that despite being married to one of the most famous Welsh actresses, he has not managed to learn the language, but shared his love for the country dubbing it “a magical place”. He gushed over his wife’s home town: “Especially the Mumbles. The Gower is of one the most stunning places on Earth. It reminds me of northern California.” Catherine first catapulted to fame in the sensational UK series Darling Buds of May, but eager to leave behind the ‘girl next door’ typecast it had given her, the actress left for Hollywood in the late 1990s. In 1998 she landed the role of a lifetime as the sensual Elena Montero in The Mask of Zorro, and met her future husband that same year while promoting the film at a French Film Festival.  At the time, Michael was recently divorced from his first wife, Diandra Luker, 67, and was a well-established Hollywood star. The son of renowned actor Kirk Douglas had been on film sets from a very young age, and by the time he met Catherine, he had already starred in the likes of Fatal Attraction and Basic Instinct. Despite their vastly different upbringings and a 25-year age gap, the actors found they had a lot in common and even shared the same birthday, September 25. By 2000 the Traffic stars were married and had a three-month-old son, Dylan, and in 2003 welcomed their daughter Carys.