Dr Etheridge shared his top blends of essential oils to help people fall asleep more easily. He said: "Sleep is the foundation of good health. Yet, according to research for Puressentiel, nine out of 10 of us suffer from interrupted sleep." The survey shows that 48 percent of respondents agreed sleep disturbances were "common" for them. And problems with sleep seemingly peaked between the ages of 45 to 59, based on the results. Dr Etheridge pointed out: "Several essential oils help to promote sleep." He added: "There is a lot of evidence to show that the synergy which comes from combining different essential oils increases their efficacy." One essential oil highly recommended by Dr Etheridge is Roman chamomile, which research shows has been effective in helping people to fall asleep. "In one study, Roman chamomile essential oil applied to pillows improved total sleep time," said Dr Etheridge. READ MORE: The sign when going to the loo that’s linked to ‘severe’ cases of vitamin B12 deficiency "A further study in clinical nurses found that a lavender and Roman chamomile essential oil mix could similarly reduce anxiety and promote sleep," added Dr Etheridge. "Lavender has long been known to induce sleep with multiple studies confirming this benefit. "The reason for its recommendation is that it targets several biochemical pathways in the prevention of anxiety." Another essential oil recommendation is neroli, which is a "natural tranquilliser". Don't miss... Dr Ranj warns any 'accidents with dribbling' urine may be cancer sign [SYMPTOMS] Wearing socks to bed could make you fall asleep faster  [TIPS] Life-limiting conditions that took actress Barbara Stanwyck's life [LATEST] "A further study in clinical nurses found that a lavender and Roman chamomile essential oil mix could similarly reduce anxiety and promote sleep," added Dr Etheridge. "Lavender has long been known to induce sleep with multiple studies confirming this benefit. "The reason for its recommendation is that it targets several biochemical pathways in the prevention of anxiety." Another essential oil recommendation is neroli, which is a "natural tranquilliser". READ MORE: Personal trainer recommends high cholesterol clients do 'compound' exercises - here's how Dr Etheridge also has high regard for cypress, which "appears to have a sedative effect". "Many essential oils may help to cause relaxation and sleep through an effect of their smell influencing the olfactory system," said Dr Etheridge. The olfactory (smell) system "connects with the brain and releases chemical messengers that in this case may promote relaxation". Beneficial essential oils: Investing in all the essential oils for sleep might become costly, but Dr Etheridge has a solution. "This is why a product like Puressentiel Rest and Relax gets my recommendation." He elaborated: "It contains 12 essential oils and in the form of a spray is very convenient to use. "Simply spray it into all corners of your bedroom about an hour before getting into bed, or spray it onto your pillow or onto a handkerchief, to inhale the aroma." Dr Chris Etheridge is the medical herbalist practitioner and plant health specialist for Puressentiel.