Ex-Arsenal midfielder Emmanuel Petit has told his former club to pursue the signings of Moises Caicedo or his Brighton team-mate Alexis Mac Allister if they want to sign the perfect partner for Declan Rice next season. The Gunners are expected to delve back into the market for midfield reinforcements in the summer despite landing Jorginho in a £12million deal from London rivals Chelsea. Rice is expected to be up for grabs in the summer when he enters the final 12 months of his contract with West Ham. The England international has rejected several contract offers from the Hammers and the Irons will now be forced to consider bids to avoid losing the player on a free transfer in 2024. Yet in the view of Petit, Rice isn't the only midfielder Arsenal should be looking to sign at the end of the campaign to build on this season's progress. The Frenchman told BoyleSports: "I'm a big fan of Declan Rice. It is time for him to leave West Ham and play at a higher level to reach his potential. He needs to play in important competitions every single season if he wants to improve and move on to the next stage. I think that he is struggling at West Ham and he does not have a good environment to adapt and improve. READ MORE: Arsenal chief Edu sees £53m plan crushed as 'striker target' sanctions Barcelona move "I'm also still a big fan of Mac Allister and Caicedo from Brighton, since I first saw them play. I know Arsenal won't try and buy them all, but they would also fit next to Rice really well." Chelsea are also believed to be in the mix for Rice but Petit believes Arsenal are a great fit if he wants to elevate his game to the next level. "It also wouldn't be much of a big move, geographically, for Rice as he is located in London with West Ham, so the move won't hurt too much. But with all due respect to West Ham, it is time for Rice to go," Petit added. "It reminds me of Frank Lampard when he first left West Ham and went to Chelsea and look what he achieved for himself. He became one of the best midfielders in the world at Chelsea. Rice should follow his example and leave given Arsenal are ready to buy him." DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Arsenal launched two bids for Brighton ace Caicedo in the January transfer window but both approaches were rebuffed by the Seagulls. There is now a sense Albion could soften their stance over a sale at the end of the season when Caicedo will once again look to move on. There is also expected to be large interest in World Cup winner Mac Allister, whose stock has sky-rocketed following his impressive showing in Qatar. Liverpool, Chelsea and Tottenham are also believed to be interested in the 24-year-old attacking midfielder, who signed a new contract with Brighton before the World Cup. Arsenal have just handed Mohamed Elneny a new contract meaning Mikel Arteta is stacked with options in the middle of the park following the January arrival of Jorginho. Thomas Partey has endured several fitness issues this season and therefore, Arsenal could still look to strengthen their options in the middle of the park even if nobody departs. It's unclear whether Brighton are prepared to sell both Caicedo and Mac Allister in the same transfer window and Caicedo looks the more likely to depart after he tried to force through a move last month. Rice is likely to cost upwards of £100million which could limit Arsenal's spending if they are to pursue a transfer.