James Martin is a popular celebrity chef with a whole host of delicious recipes up his sleeve. Here's how to make his famous puff pastry apple pies. BBC Food shared James Martin's gorgeous apple pie recipe, calling the concoction "easy". It's one to make on a rainy day when you're in need of something comforting and cosy to warm you up. Alternatively, impress family and friends with this tasty dessert after a Sunday roast dinner. Do not be put off by the many steps, as the preparation time is just 30 minutes. READ MORE: Handy food storage hack for preserving - 'lasts up to four months'  Ingredients 750g/1½lb Bramley apples, peeled, cored and roughly chopped 50-75g/Two-Three oz caster sugar 25g/One oz butter, plus extra for greasing Two x 320g/11oz ready-made all-butter puff pastry sheets (about 35cm x 23cm/14in x nine in) 250g/nine oz natural (uncoloured) marzipan, thinly sliced Two free-range egg yolks, lightly beaten Two tbsp demerara sugar 200g/7oz clotted cream, to serve READ MORE: Handy food storage hack for preserving bread - 'lasts 6 times longer'  Method 1. Preheat the oven to 200C/180 FanC/Gas Six. Heat the apples, 50g/Two oz of the caster sugar, the butter and three tablespoons of water in a saucepan over a medium heat. Bring the mixture to the boil, stirring it well, then cover and reduce the heat until simmering. Simmer for three-five minutes or until the apple has softened. 2. Remove the lid and stir well, before cooking for a further two-three minutes, or until the apple has completely broken down to a purée consistency. Taste the purée and stir in more sugar if needed. Take the purée off the heat and set aside to cool. 3. Place a sheet of puff pastry onto a baking tray after lightly greasing with butter. Lay the slices of marzipan on top of the pastry, leaving a border of Two cm/One inch all the way around. 4. Spread the apple purée over the layer of marzipan, then brush the pastry border with a little of the beaten egg. 5. Fold the second sheet of puff pastry in half lengthways, then carefully score the pastry from the folded side towards the cut side at One cm/ ½ inch intervals down the length of the pastry, leaving Two cm/One inch intact at the cut side of the pastry. 6. Unfold the scored pastry and lay it right on top of the apple-covered pastry, then crimp the edges with your fingers to seal the two sheets of pastry. 7. Trim the edges of the pastry and brush the top of the Bramley apple slice all over with the remaining beaten egg. Sprinkle with demerara sugar, then bake in the oven for 25-30 minutes. The pastry should have risen and be crisp and golden-brown. 8. Cool slightly before serving and serve with the clotted cream. Of course, apple pie lovers can enjoy this delicious dessert on its own, but it's also great served with some accompaniments. James told viewers: "This sweet apple and marzipan slice goes perfectly with ice cream or custard. "But today I fancy some clotted cream - and a decent dollop of it as well. It's sweet, it's simple, but I think it's delicious."