Liverpool fixtures don't get too much bigger than the three that face Jurgen Klopp's side at the start of April. But the Reds have been dealt a Darwin Nunez headache for when the season run-in begins as he continues to warm to life in England. A few months ago, Nunez not being at prime fitness in big games may not have sparked concerns en masse, given Liverpool's attacking options and his erratic start after an £85million move from Benfica. But now he's deemed a crucial part of Klopp's plans at Anfield, scoring four goals in as many games, including a brace in Sunday's 7-0 thrashing of Manchester United. And there will be worries that Nunez won't be at his best when April comes around due to the looming international break, an unwelcome distraction for Premier League managers. Barring a Champions League miracle in Madrid next week, Liverpool will only have the Premier League to focus on from April as they battle for a top-four spot. And what would be better at setting the mood than securing good results away at Manchester City and Chelsea before hosting leaders Arsenal at Anfield? Read more... Football news LIVE - £50m Man Utd exit, Tottenham boss latest [BLOG] That is the three-game run that faces Klopp and co after the international break is out of the way, but it will be a busier schedule for Nunez than most. The 23-year-old faces a 13,000-mile round trip just days before Liverpool travel to Man City on April 1. Uruguay play friendly matches against Japan on March 24 and South Korea on March 28, leaving Nunez with little time to rest ahead of the blockbuster clash at the Etihad Stadium. Liverpool vs City's 12:30pm kick-off time on a Saturday lunchtime hasn't helped Klopp's case, leaving even less time for Nunez to return to Merseyside from international duty. Don't miss... Man Utd and Betis fans clash as riot police intervene to mar UEL win [NEWS] Four Man Utd stars bounce back to prove Ten Hag right in Betis win [REPORT] Liverpool can solve issues with bargain deal for Marcelo Brozovic [TRANSFERS] The Reds have started to settle with Mohamed Salah, Cody Gakpo and Nunez as their preferred front three. All three netted braces in the demolition of United, with Roberto Firmino arriving late to add a seventh off the bench. Firmino could replace Nunez for the City clash, with Diogo Jota also an option for Klopp and Luis Diaz still to return from injury. A monumental win against Pep Guardiola's title chasers would lift Liverpool into the top four, leapfrogging Tottenham Hotspur and moving just four points behind United in third. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here