Beyond Paradise was Ruth Madoc's last-ever role before she died in 2022 following a fall. The actress played Rosie Colbert, the mother of Matthew (played by Edward Rowe), who had mysteriously disappeared with his wife and two children. As the episode came to a close, the BBC show paid a moving tribute to Ruth. Alongside a photo of the actress was the message: "In loving memory of Ruth Madoc. 1943-2022." Ahead of the second episode of the BBC drama, which follows DI Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) and Martha Lloyd's (Sally Bretton) love story, Beyond Paradise boss Tim Key paid a special tribute to Ruth. When discussing the guest stars who were featured on the series, Tim said in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk and other press: "We worked with Ruth Madoc in what you know turned out to be her last appearance. "We obviously were devastated when we heard that she passed away." READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find He continued: "I think that it was a privilege to work with her. "Everybody that got to spend time with her said what an absolute joy she was and how happy she was to be doing the gig. "It's something that we're very proud that we got to work with her." Following the episode, fans also took to social media to pay their own tribute to Ruth. Twitter user @beckyhale76 shared: "#BeyondParadise was a good episode tonight, lovely to see the late great Ruth Madoc. But that DVD of the family in Weston Super Mare. That was not Weston Super Mare." Jodie Portugal said: "Thank you for the lovely tribute and dedication to Ruth Madoc." While James N added: "Ruth Madoc is in this as well. RIP Ruth. #BeyondParadise." Beyond Paradise follows Humphrey and Martha as they navigate their new life in Shipton Abbott, Devon. Don't miss... GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [LATEST] Coronation Street star 'pigeonholed' after soap exit [EXCLUSIVE] Vera star pays tribute to 'close friend' as he addresses career move [INSIGHT] The detective certainly made his mark with the new local police force, while Martha followed her dream of opening her own restaurant. Tim and his fellow producer Tony Jordan explained when writing the scripts they wanted to keep the same DNA as Death in Paradise. They admitted it had to be the same as Death in Paradise, but "completely different". Tony said: "So it's exactly that, and the thing about Death in Paradise is the team itself and that it feels like a family. "And actually, one of the key things to you as a viewer is that you want to be there. "I think you want to go and sit in Catherine's bar at the end of it, and so that was the first thing we wanted to create...that team. "And that's why this amazing team that's here, that's exactly why they were constructed in that way to make it feel like a family." Beyond Paradise returns on Friday at 8pm on BBC One.