Police are looking into reports of an "altercation" at a caravan park that happened hours before a fatal crash killed three people in Wales. Three people died in the accident near Cardiff, while another two are fighting for their lives in hospital. South Wales Police have now confirmed they are looking into reports of a sixth passenger in the car, reports the Mirror. The clash reportedly took place at Trecco Bay caravan park in Porthcawl, where the group travelled to after leaving the Muffler nightclub in Newport last Friday night. It is understood the group dropped off a sixth passenger - an unnamed man - at his home in Cardiff. The car then left the A48 in the St Mellons area where the group were found two days later. The car had smashed through trees and ended up in a wreck. Eve Smith and Darcy Ross, both 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died in the crash, while Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, remain in a critical condition. South Wales Police confirmed to the Mirror today that it is investigating the alleged altercation and reports of a sixth passenger. A force spokesperson added: "While that investigation is ongoing we will not be commenting further." It is not known exactly why they visited the caravan site, but is is believed that Mr Loughlin's family has a caravan there. READ MORE: Cigar-smoking paedophile priest jailed for sexually abusing child  A friend, who helped search for the group, wrote on social media: "There was an altercation at the caravan site where the security guards last saw them. "Not sure what the altercation was but the security said they all jumped into this car." A spokesperson for the caravan park, which is run by Park Dean Resorts, said they were unable to comment due to the ongoing police investigation.  The claims come after a vigil was held at the crash site last night, where around 1,000 people gathered, lighting candles and flares while others rode mopeds, motorbikes and quad bikes around the roundabout. Don't miss... Drug addict ate her pet hamster called Mr Nibbles [LATEST] Fergie opens up about friendship with Princess Diana [INSIGHT] Joe Biden branded 'out of touch' after 5.2% federal pay increase [COMMENT] A firework display lit up the sky above St Mellons for around 30 minutes while family and friends looked on. Rafel's sister, Ffion Actie, told Sky News at the vigil she feels "disappointed" police did not act sooner. She said: "I heard the girls' mums had contacted (police) but it had taken several hours (to respond). "I feel they should have acted straight away."