Crime-drama NCIS LA, officially wrapped up its production of its last-ever series last week, following its axe from CBS. Ahead of the finale, actor Gerald McRaney who plays Admiral Hollace Kilbride revealed “the writers did a very good job” in wrapping up the long-running series.  Ahead of NCIS LA’s finale, McRaney spoke with ET at the wrap party for the show’s final season. Alongside the rest of his NCIS Los Angeles family, he reflected on what it was like saying goodbye to the drama and its cast after 14 seasons together. McRaney also hinted fans can expect a “beautiful” ending after the writers “did a very good” job of writing the finale episode. The actor explained: ""I think the writers did a very good job of wrapping this show up.”  He continued: "They've always been good but a lot of the shows that I've seen here lately, when they come to an end, they just stop." But revealed "this one has an ending and it has a beautiful ending". McRaney wasn't the only one to hint at what the season finale will entail as Caleb Castille (Devin Rountree) also lifted the lid. "There's so much that we reveal," Castille teased, adding "our fans can expect the usual recipe with a little bit extra sprinkled in".  Castille revealed he was "very satisfied" with how everything ended for him and his cast members during the upcoming ending. He explained: "I am satisfied as well. I'm very grateful that our writers and our producers, within the time that they had to write all of this and squeeze it in and get everything wrapped up.” He then added to his appraisal of the producers and creators of the show, saying “they completely crushed it". The official Instagram of NCIS Los Angeles shared a sweet snap of the whole NCIS LA cast as they bid farewell to the show during the wrap up party. The caption read: “10/10’s and dressed to the nines That’s a wrap, #NCISLA fam!” Viewers fled to the comment section under the post, sharing words of gratitude whilst also saying how they will miss the NCIS spin-off. One fan @Cherylbartonbooks wrote: “I am truly going to miss this show. This cast was phenomenal. That Sam and Callen connection is unmatched on any other show.” Another @Solmerin44 commented: "Kinda bummed that it ended… But thank you for a great run! Best of luck to you all!”  A third @Charbaker0508 said: “Very sad this show is ending. I have felt like I have lived with you all for a long time. We will miss you. Thank you for a great show.” While @Jscherer2014 commented: “Thank you all for the wonderful show! It has been great watching your characters grow.” The fourteenth and final season of the police procedural spin-off television series NCIS: Los Angeles premiered on CBS in October last year. The show’s two-part finale special is set to air later this year on May 14. NCIS LA season 14 continues Sundays on CBS in the USA and Disney+ in the UK. 