Weather maps show that Londoners will need to brace for snow today as the bitter chill extends throughout the UK. The capital lies in the path of a system working its way south from Scotland carrying flurries likely to settle on the city's icy ground.  Maps show that more than 1cm could settle over the area today, with snowfall to continue over Tuesday and remain settled on Wednesday, as the UK braces for more than 13 inches this week. WXCharts data shows that, while the city will see a drizzle today, snow will have settled over most of the southeast tonight. Snowfall will start slow, according to the Met Office, but as the rain clears off, a snowy system will deposit between 1cm to 2cm between Monday and Tuesday. Netweather forecasters believe that additional systems could build rapidly in the early morning on March 7, just as people travel to work. Maps provided by the agency show the risk of snow climbs above 70 percent on Tuesday from 6am. READ MORE: Met Office predicts snow may last all month The risk remains constant throughout the day, and increases to between 75 percent and 80 percent by 3pm, with temperatures bottoming out at -1C. Over the week, snow totals will easily pass 10 inches, other maps from Netweather have shown. Continued snowfall throughout the UK will reach accumulated totals of between 13 and 14 inches by Friday. Most of the snow will settle over the Midlands and northern England, where snow will fall fast and hard enough to cause accumulations of up to 20 inches by 9pm on March 10. Don't miss... Three found dead by police searching for five people missing [LATEST] Salmond's 'nonsense' coronation plan backed by SNP leadership hopeful [ANALYSIS] Call for cap on care costs as thousands forced to sell home [INSIGHT] The Met Office weather warning adds that, while the snowfall will cause generally shallow accumulations, the risk remains until at least late Tuesday morning. The warning states: "A band of rain will edge southwards through the course of Monday evening and early Tuesday, this rain turning to snow on hills and perhaps to lower levels in places. "Many areas will see little or no accumulations of snow, but 1 to 2cm could settle in some spots, most likely over high ground and southern parts of the warning area." "The rain and snow is then expected to turn light and patchy as it slowly clears southern England on Tuesday." "As skies clear overnight, ice is also likely to form readily on untreated surfaces." The weather forecasters have placed the same warnings over Scotland and Northern Ireland. Most of them last until Wednesday, and they come with a host of potential risks. In Scotland, where the snow could pile up to 10cm today, the freezing conditions could cause injury.