Netflix’s The Crown follows the lives of Britain's most influential family as they navigate through their public and personal issues. Following the success of its previous seasons, the period-drama is currently in production making its sixth season as the story continues following Princess Diana (played by Elizabeth Debicki). Ahead of the sixth season premiere, Debicki was spotted filming with co-star Ed McVey  in Canary Wharf, London. The pair are set to reprise the famous mother-son duo, Princess Diana and Prince William. Exclusive pictures acquired by The Express show a scene with Princess Diana and her son handing out the Big Issue back in 1991. Diana can be seen sporting a beige tailored coat with a matching turtleneck underneath, as she held a Big Issue-themed bucket. Her son William can be seen holding a bucket of the same style alongside her, as he wore a dark blue hi-vis patterned with the Big Issue logo on top of a smart navy jumper and tie. They were also standing alongside another Big Issue volunteer, who also wore the same dark blue attire. He could be seen holding a batch of the newspapers on his forearm, as they were surrounded by a crowd on the streets of London. It appeared the pair were recreating the moment The Big Issue was first published back in 1991.   Around the time the magazine was first introduced to the public, Princess Diana and William gave a helping hand as they handed out issues of the new magazine. It all began with the launch of The Big Issue magazine, which was created to offer homeless and disadvantaged people the opportunity to earn a legitimate income. The income would come from selling the magazine on the streets. Since then over 200 million copies of the famous magazine have been sold by over 100,000 people.  The Prince William star has also been spotted filming another scene for the upcoming sixth season. It appears fans can look forward to watching the sweet love story of Kate Middleton and Prince William unfold on screen in the next season. The actors playing the couple were pictured as they recreated the monumental moment Will and Kate first locked eyes during their time at St Andrews University, Scotland, together. The Prince of Wales will also be played by older actor Ed McVey and Meg Bellamy will be playing the now-Princess of Wales.  It has been confirmed the final season of The Crown will show events that occurred from late '90s to the early 2000s. The drama will also entail the moments leading up to the tragic death of Princess Diana in 1997. Netflix hasn't confirmed when the sixth season of The Crown will be back on our screens but going by previous releases, fans expect new episodes to drop around November 2023. Seasons one to five of The Crown are currently streaming on Netflix.