Italy’s Federal Prosecutor’s Office have reportedly opened an investigation after Jose Mourinho threatened legal action against the match officials following his red card during Roma’s shock Serie A defeat at the hands of Cremonese on Tuesday night. Mourinho was sent off for the third time this season as his team lost 2-1. Roma have endured mixed fortunes since Mourinho took charge at Stadio Olimpico at the start of the last campaign. The club finished sixth in Serie A last season but won the inaugural Europa Conference League after defeating Feyenoord 1-0 in the final. This season, the club have reached the quarter-finals of the Europa League but are fifth in the Italian top flight and are 21 points adrift of leaders Napoli. On Tuesday night, tensions boiled over at Stadio Giovanni Zini as Cremonese won their first Serie A match for 26 years, with Frank Tsadjout and Daniel Ciofani scoring for the hosts either side of a strike from Leonardo Spinazzola. Mourinho was dismissed for dissent by referee Marco Piccinini in the early stages of the second half following an altercation with fourth official Marco Serra. And, according to Italian outlet ANSA, the Federal Prosecutor’s Office will investigate the episode that led to Mourinho’s sending off, with the manager and Serra both being given the opportunity to put their version of events across. JUST IN: Tottenham strike F1 partnership with mission to achieve Hamilton dream “Piccinini, who was the fourth official in the last game when I was sent off, told me to apologise to Serra,” the Portuguese coach said after the match. “I told Serra he should have the courage to explain what happened, but he had memory problems. I need to understand if I can take any legal action. “Piccinini gave me a red card because unfortunately the fourth official does not have the capacity to understand what he said to me. I want to find out if there is an audio recording. I don’t want to get into the fact that Serra is from Turin and on Sunday we are playing against Juventus.  “For the first time in my career, a fourth official spoke to me in the most incredible way. It was unjustifiable. At the end of the game, I went to speak to them.” Some reports suggest that Serra told Mourinho to “mind your own f***ing business,” after being asked for an explanation into a decision. The fourth official then allegedly told the ex-Manchester United, Chelsea and Tottenham manager “they all take the p*ss out of you - go home”. 