Mike Tyson has advised Oleksandr Usyk to ‘stand and fight’ with Tyson Fury rather than revert to his elusive stick-and-move style. The boxing icon affirms that Usyk won’t be able to ‘run forever’ and will have to ‘stay and fight’ if he hopes to win the proposed four-belt shootout. Usyk and Fury are currently in negotiations to stage the first undisputed heavyweight title fight of the four-belt era on April 29 at London’s Wembley Stadium. Organisers had hoped to book the bout overseas in Saudi Arabia, but it has since been confirmed that the Kingdom’s new state-of-the-art stadium in Jeddah – which was set to be the site for the event – wouldn’t be ready until November. Wembley had already been pencilled in as a backup option, so a springtime reservation was easy to come by. Fury’s promoter Frank Warren recently told Express Sport that there are still multiple points of contention that need to be ironed out before they can get it over the line. Fans remain hopeful that the historic encounter will be finalised soon with supporters clambering to watch the intriguing clash of styles. Fury is the much larger boxer – which is why most believe that Usyk’s keys to victory will be in his speed and footwork. However, Tyson believes that such a strategy won’t work so well against an equally nimble foe and expects that the judges will favour Fury’s forward pressure over Usyk’s backfoot fighting. Iron Mike recommends that the former undisputed cruiserweight champion sits down on his punches more and gets Fury to respect his power. "[Usyk] can’t run forever. Tyson’s going to get him in the corner, he’s going to get him with some punches, and he’s going to hurt him eventually," Tyson told iD Boxing."He’s going to run all night. He has to stay and fight to win the fight. At some particular time, he’s going to have to stand and fight. MORE BOXING NEWS... Wilder gives clear answer on Hearn link up to help make Joshua fight Tate sends message to Paul from prison after Fury points defeat Fury misses out on staggering sum per punch after refusing Paul bet "He can’t run and box all night – they’re not gonna give him the decision, now with Tyson. They want to see some fighting. After watching him and Deontay Wilder in a fight, they ain’t going to go for no running and hitting." "Tyson Fury is going to win, and I think Tyson should fight more. They take too much time in between fights," he added. "I fought 15 times in one year. I’m a strong believer of four or five times a year; they should fight."