Arsenal are reportedly 'ready to take action' to sign Lazio star Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. Mikel Arteta is set to be in the market for a midfielder this summer and the Serbian could be a cheaper target. Arsenal are set to prioritise a deal to sign Declan Rice at the end of the season. The England star's contract at West Ham expires in 2024, though the Hammers do have the option to extend it by a further year. West Ham would still likely demand at least £100million for Rice to let him go this summer. Meanwhile, Arsenal also remain interested in Brighton star Moises Caicedo. But after rejecting two offers in January, the Seagulls are in a better bargaining position after the midfielder signed a new long-term contract earlier this month. Therefore the Gunners would likely have to considerably raise the £70m bid they made in the winter market.  Read more... Lineker breaks silence as BBC issue full apology in humbling U-turn [LATEST] Milinkovic-Savic was linked with a move to the Gunners last summer as well as in January. And Italian outlet La Gazzetta dello Sport says the interest in the Lazio star remains. Milinkovic-Savic's contract expires at the end of next season, which has seen Lazio dramatically reduce their long-term asking price of around £88m (€100m). Gazzetta says that both Arsenal and Juventus are ready to make a move for the player. Lazio are set to demand a fee of just £44m (€50m) for the 28-year-old. His representatives are hoping to get the asking price reduced even further to between £30m (€35m) and £35m (€40m). Even if Arsenal had to pay the higher end of Milinkovic-Savic's valuation, it would be as little as half what either Rice or Caicedo could cost. Milinkovic-Savic has long been linked with a move to the Premier League.  Don't miss... Barcelona star Ansu Fati ‘offered to Man Utd and three other clubs’ [GOSSIP] Casemiro appeal decision made and new Kane info in Man Utd update [NEWS] Leaked BBC email shows what staff were told about Gary Lineker return [LEAK] He joined Lazio from Belgian side Genk in 2015 and has made over 300 appearances. Arsenal boss Arteta has mostly prioritised the signing of younger players in recent transfer windows. But January showed he is not averse to bringing in more experienced players. Leandro Trossard (28) and Jorginho (31) were two smart additions in the winter window and both have made immediate impacts. With Granit Xhaka and Mohamed Elneny turning 31 later this year, and Thomas Partey 30 in June, midfield may be an area Arteta needs to address soon. Milinkovic-Savic doesn't turn 29 until next February and could be an option that Arteta deems necessary, with the expected addition of Champions League football at the Emirates next season. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 