 The FTSE 100, the UK's benchmark index for blue-chip stocks, is struggling to hold onto some of its top companies. They are fleeing to the US and listing there instead. CRH is hardly a household name, but it does happen to be the world's biggest supplier of building materials. It was listed in London with headquarters in Dublin, but not anymore. Now it's shifting its primary stock market listing to the US. Worryingly, it's not the only one heading across the pond. International sports betting and gambling company Flutter Entertainment, which owns Betfair and Paddy Power, may soon follow. Cambridge-based microchip designer ARM has chosen to list in the US, too. That’s despite extensive lobbying by both Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak to stay on these shores. Plumbing and heating equipment supplier Ferguson, known as Wolseley, made the move in May last year. Mining giant BHP also scrapped its dual listing in Sydney and London, choosing Sydney. Things could have been worse. We had a close call with Unilever, which narrowly chose London over Amsterdam, while oil giant Shell almost joined the great escape in 2021. That would have been a massive blow, torpedoing Sunak's ambitions to establish London as a global hub where companies are clamouring to list their shares. Instead, they are clamouring to clear off.   This is a terrifying trend. At this rate the City of London will shrink and shrink. Then what happens to us? Instead of attracting exciting new companies, the London Stock Exchange is working flat out to hang onto the ones it's got. Strangely, it comes at a time when the FTSE 100 has had its best year in ages, recently hitting an all-time high of 8,000 points. That success will be hard to sustain if more top companies abandon us. The 2007 financial crisis and its aftermath is partly to blame. London's productivity growth has trailed rivals since then, according to think tank Centre for Cities. It also blamed expensive office space, higher house prices, and immigration rules that make it difficult to attract talented people. Inevitably, Brexit has also been blamed. Another reason for the shift is that the US is a much bigger market, and both CRH and Ferguson already generated most of their revenues stateside. CRH says a US listing will boost its commercial, operational and acquisition opportunities and deliver “even higher levels of profitability, returns and cash for our shareholders”. It would be fine if we were replacing these companies, but we're not, as London’s IPO activity dries to a trickle. READ MORE: 'Debt trap' to trigger financial crash as interest rates race past 6%   The City of London has driven in the UK economy for years. Its decline would make our current economic position even more perilous. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt may decide that this is the worst possible time to hike corporation tax from 19 percent to 25 percent, as he plans to do from April 6. He is under growing pressure to do an about-turn in next week's Budget. UK pension funds used to be a huge source of capital for the FTSE 100, but thanks to risk management rules they now prefer to put their money into bonds, draining trillions out of the UK. The government needs to look at that, too. It also needs to work with the LSE to make the UK a more attractive place to list international businesses. They had better act fast, though. The total market capitalisation of UK shares has shrunk compared to the economy for two decades, and we can’t allow that to continue. If the lights go out in the City of London, the entire UK will be a colder, darker place.  