The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is providing extra support to vulnerable families amid the ongoing cost of living crisis. Last year, the Government rolled out multiple payments to alleviate the financial pressure on certain vulnerable groups of people. As part of his Autumn Statement, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed much of this support would continue into this year. Those on means-tested benefits, such as Universal Credit and Pension Credit, will be eligible for a £900 sum in 2023. This is a noticeable increase from 2022’s payment for the same group which came to £650 over the period. Furthermore, pensioners and people with disabilities are to set to £300 and £150 this year, respectively, which is the same amount each group got the year before. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance At the beginning of this year, the Government provided a timeline for when people should expect to get paid this year’s round of cost of living payments. While no exact dates have been provided, the DWP did share the season of the year people should prepare to get their money. It should be noted that the £900 cost of living payment for means-tested benefit claimants is being separated into three different instalments. According to the DWP, this is the timeline for when people should expect to get paid: DON'T MISS The Government has launched these payments in response to the UK’s ongoing cost of living crisis. A soaring inflation rate and rising energy bills have placed unprecedented financial pressure on households over the past year. Inflation is currently sitting at 10.1 percent and energy bills have gone up by 27 percent on average since October, with a further £500 bill annual hike expected come April. This upcoming round of targeted support will hopefully mitigate the damage that is being placed on people’s finances. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Earlier in the year, the Work and Pensions Secretary Mel Stride shared why these cost of living support are of the utmost importance to the Government. He explained: "We are sticking by our promise to protect the most vulnerable and these payments, worth hundreds of pounds, will provide vital support next year for those on the lowest incomes. “The Government’s wider support package has already helped more than eight million families as we continue to deal with the global consequences of Putin’s illegal war and the aftershocks of the pandemic.” Jeremy Hunt has also described addressing the cost of living crisis as the Government’s “number one priority” with these payments being part of the plan to do so. Mr Hunt said: “I know these are tough times for families across the UK who are struggling to meet rising food and energy costs, driven by the aftershocks of Covid and Putin’s war in Ukraine. “That’s why we’re putting a further £900 into the pockets of over 8 million low-income households next year. “These payments are on top of above-inflation increases to working-age benefits and the energy price guarantee, which is insulating millions from even higher global gas prices. “Tackling inflation is this government’s number one priority and is the only way to ease the strain of high prices, drive long-term economic growth and improve living standards for everyone.”