Prince Harry and Meghan Markle stepped out of a shining black UV to take the few steps across the LA pavement into a private members club that has become a haunt for celebrities thanks to severe privacy rules and Hollywood cache. San Vicente Bungalows, where the Duke and Duchess dined on Tuesday night, is an exclusive $4,200-a-year private members club in Los Angeles. The couple smiled as they were snapped by photographers while entering the club, which is so private members must cover the cameras on their phones with stickers when they go inside. Founded in 2019, the West Hollywood club was inspired by Annabel's, a London nightclub enjoyed by Harry's aunt Sarah Ferguson. It came on the heels of the massive popularity of Soho House, the private members club where Harry and Meghan had their first date. The Duchess is personal friends with Markus Anderson, dubbed the “King of Soho House”, who is thought to have been one of the people who supported the romance between Harry and the then-actress in the early days. Now, however, Meghan is spending time at the even more expensive and even more exclusive, San Vicente Bungalows. READ MORE: Prince Harry's book scuppered one of Meghan's 'biggest ambitions' Sandra Bullock, Kirsten Dunst, Kaia Gerber, and Hailey Bieber have all been entertained at San Vicente Bungalows, where any member over 35 pays $4,200 a year. The renovation of the property is reported to have cost $50 million. The club hosted the HBO Emmy's Party 2022 with celeb guests like Mindy Khaling and Zendaya and Benedict Cumberbatch. The club boasts a screening room and a lavish outside courtyard. But its main selling point is privacy. Guests cover the camera lens on their phones with a sticker upon their arrival. There is a ban on posting pictures of or even speaking about the club on social media, too. An agreement is signed by guests to these ends. The club's website states: "Posting images of the club on social media or discussing anything that members and their guests witness during their visit is also strictly forbidden." DON'T MISSIntimate revelations in Spare will 'have a massive effect' on Meghan [ANALYSIS]Meghan's wedding dress was 'safer' than Kate's ‘royal’ gown [STYLE]Meghan is 'most notably' inspired by an 'elegant and stunning' royal [EXPERT] Guests who do break these rules may have their memberships revoked. The restaurant, where Harry and Meghan likely dined, is only for members, members of the public cannot book. The dinner menu offers main courses starting at $27 for a plate of spaghetti squash, San Marzano tomato and basil oil. The priciest dish is the New Zealand lamp chops, served with dijon mustard, whipped feta, frisse, snap peas, and herbs, for $56. The wild scallops served with English peas, guanciale, and crispy seeds, are $54. The burger costs $32. A side of fries will set you back $10, while a side of carrots or asparagus costs $14 each. At breakfast, a build-your-own omelette with three toppings costs an enormous $21 and any additional toppings are an extra $4. A latte costs an unbelievable $8.