Kate Middleton and Prince William visited the 1st Battalion Welsh Guards at Combermere Barracks for the St David’s Day Parade today. This took place on the same day it was reported that Prince Harry, 38, and Meghan Markle, 41, have been "evicted" from their UK residence Frogmore Cottage.  Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain how the Prince and Princess of Wales handled their emotions today. She claimed: "If Kate was aware of or was pondering over the decision to ‘evict’ Harry and Meghan from Frogmore, it was not reflected in her body language here. "In her fashionably quirky statement hat and stunning, eye-catching red coat that is almost military in its sharp tailored lines, she appears to be doing everything to project a very confident and joyfully animated image." For today's outing, Kate wore the late Queen's Welsh Guards Leek brooch which she pinned to a £2,990 Alexander McQueen red coat.  She also accessorised with a black Bow and Arrow hat from Juliette Botterill which looked effortlessly chic. Judi continued: "This ‘double-take’ look would not be one to pull off if anyone was feeling uncomfortable or preferring to keep a low-key profile. "Her body language as she wears it suggests she is lacking in any negatively self-conscious feelings.  "Kate’s smile is dimpled here, suggesting genuine happiness, and her chin is pulled inwards to her neck slightly as she laughs, showing a desire to share the fun." READ MORE: Kate and William’s affection is ‘calculated’, expert suggests  Judi also commented on the Prince of Wales's body language. She suggested: "In his authentic military uniform, William looks slightly less assertive. "His facial expression looks warm and slightly bashful, with softened features hinting he might be very slightly concerned about working through any new controversy. "When it comes to his brother it is often William seeming to have to emerge as the face of the Firm straight after any new headlines."   Judi argues that William is in fact extremely grateful for Kate's "resilient" body language. She explained: "Although Kate seems to pass the test for resilience and stoicism with flying colours, William does seem to look grateful for her powerhouse appearances as she appears at his side. "Like the late Queen, Kate’s ‘Teflon’ body language seems to grow stronger in terms of signals of upbeat confidence the more the royals get mired in any controversial headlines." For the remaining components of Kate's outfit, she wore her classic Gianvito Rossi suede boots. READ MORE: The subtle changes King Charles has made to the Queen's former home  In addition, the Princess carried her Mulberry Amberley bag in black. For more jewellery, Kate wore her Daisy Heritage earrings from Asprey. But the most sentimental part of her outfit, without doubt, were her gloves. Kate wore her Evica gloves which she first wore in 2006 at William's first salute as Colonel of the Welsh Guards.