Sky Sports pundit Ted Kravitz has warned Lewis Hamilton that Red Bull have a “secret weapon” in their 2023 F1 title bid as Max Verstappen attempts to win a hat-trick of world championships. The Dutchman impressed in testing in Bahrain ahead of this week’s opening F1 race, when both drivers will be hoping to get off to a positive start. Kravitz fears that Red Bull have a three-pronged “secret weapon” however that puts them ahead of their rivals for the upcoming season. The first part features their lightweight chassis that would ensure they enter the season at the minimum legal weight, which was not used last season. “Red Bull will start with the lightweight chassis that they introduced and designed and we think never raced towards the end of the year [2022],” Kravitz said. “They’ll start with that as a base. They will develop that, so it will be underweight and they can ballast it up to meet the weight limit.” Verstappen, Red Bull and Christian Horner were embroiled in a scandal at the end of last season as they were found to have breached the cost cap as they were eventually fined £5.8million as well as a 10 per cent reduction in their aerodynamic testing, but Kravitz believes that this year they will benefit as a result. DON'T MISS: F1 news LIVE - Lewis Hamilton told to boycott races, Tottenham deal “Benefit two, they will have done all the academic work and design before the restrictions they had on the accepted breach agreement of their cost cap restrictions came in, their penalty for that,” he added. “So they’ve done all the work before that even comes in and towards the end of this year and next year it will start to bite.” The third prong that Kravitz described was the Verstappen factor. “And number three, they have the best driver on the grid in terms of form at the moment,” Kravitz continued. “Even considering Lewis Hamilton. DON'T MISSBernie Ecclestone claims Michael Schumacher is affecting son Mick [INSIGHT]Michael Schumacher's brother discusses Hamilton and Verstappen battle [ANALYSIS]Fernando Alonso agrees with Hamilton over Michael Schumacher weapon [COMMENT] “As we haven’t seen the championship form of Lewis yet because he hasn’t been in the championship [fight] since the end of 2021, which we know what happened then. Max Verstappen is bang in form and I think that is the third part of a secret weapon that should make them nigh on unbeatable.” Verstappen explained during the first day of testing that he and Red Bull are in a good place ahead of the upcoming season. "It has been very good," Verstappen said. "The car is working really well. Just going through a lot of things we wanted to try. Just in general enjoying driving the car. "We have had really positive test days and we learned a lot, and hopefully we start the weekend well and see where we end up. We are happy with what we are doing."