Major supermarket Aldi has recalled various My Sweet Chickpea products due to undeclared milk. The Food Standards Agency (FSA) and the supermarket have outlined how affected customers can stay safe. Product details My Sweet Chickpea Coconut & Dark Chocolate Pack size: 100g Batch codes: All Best before date: May 30, 2024 My Sweet Chickpea Cappuccino & Dark Chocolate Pack size: 100g Batch codes: All Best before date: May 30, 2024 My Sweet Chickpea Dark Chocolate Chickpeas Pack size: 100g Batch codes: All Best before date: May 30, 2024 READ MORE: How to ripen a banana in just 15 minutes so it's ready to eat Aldi stated: "As a precautionary measure our supplier is recalling three My Sweet Chickpea Chocolate products because they may contain milk which might not appear on the product label. "Customers are asked to return this product to any Aldi store, where a full refund will be given. Thank you for your co-operation." Affected customers can contact My Sweet Chickpea directly for more insight. "For further information, contact My Sweet Chickpea via contact@mysweetchickpea.co.uk or by web form at www.mysweetchickpea.co.uk/contact us." Don't miss... Kate & Meghan wowed in cool style trend but accessorised differently [PICTURES] James Martin's puff pastry apple pies are 'easy' and 'delicious' [RECIPE] Facial yoga expert shares five-minute routine to transform your face [EXCLUSIVE] The Food Standards Agency (FSA) echoed My Sweet Chickpea's advice regarding the recall. "These products contain milk making them a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents. "My Sweet Chickpea is recalling the above products from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. "The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers, which explains to customers why the products are being recalled and tells them what to do if they have bought the products. Please see the attached notice." READ MORE: Aldi recalls popular product which may be 'unsafe to eat' The FSA issued advice to affected customers: "If you have bought the above products and have an allergy or intolerance to milk or milk constituents, do not eat them. "Instead, return them to the store where they were bought from or e-mail your order information to contact@mysweetchickpea.co.uk for a full refund." While food recalls are not too common, they must be taken seriously when they are issued. The FSA explained: "Sometimes there will be a problem with a food product that means it should not be sold. "Then it might be 'withdrawn' (taken off the shelves) or 'recalled' (when customers are asked to return the product). "Sometimes foods have to be withdrawn or recalled if there is a risk to consumers because the allergy labelling is missing or incorrect or if there is any other food allergy risk. "When there is a food allergy risk, the FSA will issue an Allergy Alert."