Series 12 of the ITV drama hit drama concluded last month and saw DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) back with her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty). Show bosses haven't confirmed whether the drama will be back with series 13, but fans have grown concerned after leading actor Kenny shared a cryptic post on social media. The actor shared a series of behind-the-scenes photos from the set of Vera on Instagram. The first image is a snap of Kenny smiling as he stands next to Brenda and Jon Morrison, who plays Kenny Lockhart. The images that follow are mainly of the leading actress Brenda and some solo shots of Kenny. However, it was the caption of the post "Thank you for the memories" that began to worry fans. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Some believe the actor's cryptic post could indicate the show coming to an end. Others meanwhile think Kenny could be leaving the show after nine years. Replying to the post, fan caitlyn.kitkat_rose said: "Please don’t tell me this is the end of Vera, I don’t know what I’d do with myself if it is." "I would be heartbroken," user emilymerrett007 replied. While princess_lara25 added: "Bless Brenda. She's admitted that she just can't do any more so it's nice to see you all go out on a high. "Cherishing my box set even more for future binge-watching. Good Luck to all of you and thank you for some fantastic entertainment. Please give Brenda a squeeze from all of us and tell her, thank you." Kenny's mum also replied to the post, commenting: "So so proud of you Son." "@julie211056 love you mum xx," the actor simply responded. DON'T MISS...Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Commissioner makes appearance in spin-off [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit after Cain Dingle warning [SPOILERS] roseandbear8 went on to plead: "Please, tell me this doesn't mean you're leaving the series or the series is over. Please!" "This is an ambiguous caption and one which makes me nervous," benlett_ said. As user mammy_who_cannae_sing replied: "Don’t just please don’t say you are leaving or that there will be no more Vera. "I don’t watch much tv but this is the one series that I always watch." Kenny is yet to respond to his followers' concerns and ITV hasn't confirmed whether there will be a series 13. However, in a recent interview with Express.co.uk, the actor who plays Mark Edwards is hopeful another series is on the cards. "Yeah, I don't know," he admitted. "I obviously hope there is and I'll be waiting to see if we get that call. "And when we do it's all go, but I am in the know as much as you." Express.co.uk has reached out to ITV for comment. Vera is available to watch on ITVX and BritBox.