Andy Murray shared a hilarious story about his last straight-set victory after earning his first in five months at the Indian Wells Masters. The Brit’s first seven wins of 2023 came in a final set but he finally broke his duck against Radu Albot, winning his second-round match 6-4 6-3. It was his first two-set win since a victory over Alejandro Davidovich Fokina in October and Murray explained how he made the Spaniard swear by recounting the match. Murray earned his first straight-set victory in five months with his Indian Wells second-round win. The world No 55 faced a late change in opponent when 15th seed Pablo Carreno Busta withdrew and lucky loser Albot took his place but stepped up and beat the Moldovan 6-4 6-3. It brought an end to his run of heroic final set victories, which included two five-setters in Australia - one of which became the longest match of Murray’s career - while he also saved nine match points across the wins. The last time the Brit had won a straight-setter was in the first round of the Gijon Open in October, where he beat sixth seed Davidovich Fokina 7-5 6-2. And coincidentally, he had joked about the match with Davidovich Fokina the day before he beat Albot in two sets, in a conversation that made the Spaniard swear. “I knew, because I had seen it online, that the last time I had won a match in straight sets was against Alejandro Davidovich Fokina,” the former world No 1 told BBC Sport after his second-round victory.  Just in Emma Raducanu provides perfect answer after question about black cats [LATEST] Murray revealed that a joke the world No 28 made about his recent run of final-set victories had backfired when they met a day earlier. He continued: “We were standing at the breakfast bar yesterday ordering an omelette and he said to me ‘Well done, you love to win matches in three sets.’ And I went, ‘Yes, just not when I am playing against you.’” And the response prompted a strong reaction from the 23-year-old as Murray added: “And I think he swore in Spanish.” The 35-year-old also explained why he thought he had been embroiled in so many final-set battles before breaking his duck against Albot - looking to the calibre of his opponents. Speaking in his post-match press conference, the three-time Grand Slam champion explained: “Playing better will give you the chance to win matches quicker. You know, you could argue that some of the matches that I have won this year, you know, I probably going into them wasn't the favourite going into them, so they were always likely to be tight, close matches.”  Don't miss... Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal boast epic 18-0 records no-one can tie [FEATURE] Biden told Djokovic ban is 'craziest thing in the world' by politician [NEWS] Djokovic snubbed as Medvedev names Rafael Nadal 'worst' and 'scariest' [QUOTES] While Murray knew that he could have closed some victories out in straights, he had mostly been forced to come back from a losing position. “Certainly some of them I potentially could have finished a bit sooner. But, you know, in a lot of them as well I have come back and come from behind,” he added. “I do know that being seeded in tournaments and things like that and having a higher ranking means that, you know, you're generally playing players that are not quite as good as you, so if you go on the court and finish well then you finish the matches a bit quicker. Whereas for me, that's not been the case. And Murray was hoping he could now use the straightforward win to boost his confidence while also hoping for some easier draws. “I have been playing against guys that have been playing probably better than me or above me ranking-wise or very close to it. Like when I played Sonego in the first round of Doha, our rankings were identical going into that match. Yeah, hopefully I can keep pushing myself up the rankings, keep building that confidence, and, yeah, maybe get a few more straightforward draws, as well,” he said.  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 