Aaron Sandford (played by James Craven) and Amy Barlow (Elle Mulvaney) had a drunken night together on Friday's instalment of Coronation Street. However, Aaron ended up taking advantage of the situation and raped Amy while she was unconscious in harrowing scenes. Will Amy speak out to her loved ones about the incident?  Aaron and Amy started drinking wine and spirits when they were home alone on the ITV soap which caused the latter to become very drunk. She headed out of the living room after telling Aaron everything was "spinning" and hit her head on a chest of drawers in the bedroom. Aaron checked if she was okay and the pair sat on the edge of the bed and shared a kiss. However, Amy needed to lie down as she felt too drunk, but Aaron continued kissing her shoulder while she was passed out. READ MORE: GMB viewers fume over 'embarrassing' Oakeshott interview  He then decided to have sex with her while she was unaware of what was happening and the episode ended with the camera panning to her underwear being thrown onto the floor. Amy was clearly unable to give her consent and viewers were left disgusted by Aaron's actions, with many taking to Twitter believing Tracy Barlow (Kate Ford) will get her revenge when she finds out her daughter was raped. Mike said: "Aaron I’d run mate because when Tracy finds out what you’ve done to Amy she will cut your b***s off #Corrie." David added: "Aaron's life won't be worth living by the time Tracy's finished with him #Corrie."   Michelle said: "Poor Amy she didn't even give consent. Sex without consent is rape #Corrie." Ryan shared: "NO Means NO!!!! This is so horrible to watch." (sic) Jennifer Johnson added: "It's shocking, mainly because the character is passed out so she can't say no, #Corrie has gone too far now, all before 9pm." (sic) @Tweekersbaby shared: "That was disgusting #Aaron. What the character is doing is not okay and I hope this storyline ends up with him being jailed and ultimately going on the sex offenders register!" (sic) DON'T MISS...Coronation Street star replaced ahead of emotional Faye storyline  [INSIGHT]Coronation Street star shares reason Amy stays quiet after rape [UPDATE]Coronation Street fans slam dead characters haunting Stephen Reid  [LATEST] Elle, the actress who plays Amy, told Express.co.uk of the difficult storyline: “For him to have no recognition for her feelings, I think that’s what shocks her the most. “Deep down, I think she knows he doesn’t think this is anything and I think that really, really hurts her.” She added: “She has so much going through her head at that time, she can’t even begin to think, ‘how can I tell other people?’ "She's dealing with so much and she thinks that she’s strong and she can handle it all by herself.   “But even saying the word rape and saying what has happened to her is so difficult and takes so much effort and energy from her which, in that initial stage, she just doesn’t have." Will Amy open up to a friend or family member in upcoming scenes about the assault? How will Aaron's girlfriend Summer Spellman (Harriet Bibby) react if she finds out what happened? Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV and ITVX. For support with sexual assault visit rapecrisis.org.uk.  