Paige Deville and her mother Sally Hayward appeared on Gogglebox together from their shared living room in Birmingham and won fans of the Channel 4 show over with their banter and Paige shocked everyone when she revealed she didn’t know who ABBA were. Now she has left the show, Paige has given the inside scoop on what it was like to film the hit show. Paige was scouted for Gogglebox in her local hair salon, and she revealed she initially, “thought it was a joke.” She explained there was an interview process and each Gogglebox family are then given a contract when they sign up to the show. The contract outlines their pay and the hours they are expected to film and explains cameras will be set up in the family's actual living room. Once the cameras are rolling, filming can be a long process and Paige recalls that it could take up to seven hours. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap Paige and Sally had to watch the same clips several times, to get the best reactions, which she found tedious at times. She told The Sun: “At times it can be a bit like, ‘Right, I’m watching this again.'" Paige recalled rules regarding snacks and pillows during filming, which viewers may be surprised by. To avoid issues with continuity, as they were watching things multiple times, the duo would be asked not to eat any snacks laid out on the table. Paige explained the food was there “to make it look homely” and not necessarily for them to eat. For the same reason they would have to be careful how they sat, and where they placed cushions. Paige recalled if her mum put her arm around her in a particular way, they would have to stay like until they finished filming that section. She likened her experience on the show as a “pantomime”, as producers would give them a “three, two, one countdown which gears you up.” Don't miss... Susanna Reid reacts after leggy TV appearance re-emerges [LATEST] Gogglebox fans 'heartbroken' as Leon and June honoured in tribute [REACTION] Naga Munchetty tells Gogglebox stars 'enough ladies' [LATEST] When Paige left the show she revealed she and her mum had suffered a bitter fall out, related to a “serious family issue” outside of the show. She ranted on Twitter: “My ‘mom’ is an absolute disgrace who I wish to never speak to again." Paige said she thought the fallout was “irreversible,” and is now focussing her energy on her recruitment business, Palm Recruitment, since leaving the show. Despite starring on the show for just two years, Paige also had some scathing comments for the producers when she left in October 2021. Paige hit out at the "long hours of filming, restrictiveness, control of our actions and opinions & zero aftercare support.” A Gogglebox spokesperson responded to Paige’s comments, stating: “The welfare of contributors - past and present - is of paramount importance.” Gogglebox is celebrating its 10 year anniversary this year, having just won its second BAFTA TV Award for Reality & Constructed Factual Programme. They marked the occasion with a one off anniversary special, which saw some former stars return, but unfortunately not Paige and Sally. Gogglebox 10 Yeah Anniversary Special is available to stream on All4