Meghan Markle has made her first appearance since Prince Harry’s controversial memoir Spare came out in January by promoting a wellness coffee on Instagram. The Duchess of Sussex has always made a statement with her fashion, and her recent reappearance back on social media has shown a subtle nod not only to Queen Elizabeth but to her son Archie as well.  Meghan Markle has recently appeared in a promotional video for the coffee brand Clevr Blends, a “wellness coffee” that the Duchess has invested in. She wore a $3,450.00 (£2,911) emerald necklace in her recent appearance, is part of Logan Hollowell’s Queen collection. The emerald pear-shaped jewel is called a "Baby Queen" which also seems to be a subtle nod to the Duchess’s royal background. The elegant piece of jewellery features a Zambian emerald pendant encrusted in a 15-diamond carat halo and held together on a 14k delicate gold chain. According to the Logan Hollowell Instagram page, each piece of jewellery from the Queen collection is hand carved individually. They explain: “Each stone is unique, no two the same - just like the Queen that wears it.” The Duchess has previously been seen wearing the same emerald necklace before on her Archetypes podcast. The poet Amanda Gorman posted a picture of herself with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle wearing the necklace where she said they had discussed “the power that women possess as changemakers.” READ MORE: Prince Harry warned over 'explosive new chapter' in Spare The necklace is also a special tribute to Meghan Markle’s son Archie, as the emerald is his birthstone. According to the American Gem Society, the emerald is the symbol of rebirth are were believed to grant the owner good fortune and youth. It is not the first time the Duchess has worn jewellery to pay tribute to her children. On her 40th birthday, Meghan Markle was featured in a video wearing two Logan Hollowell necklaces joined together to represent the star constellations of both Archie and Lilibet. She wore a Taurus necklace for Archie, whose birthday is on May 6, and a Gemini necklace for Lilibet, whose birthday is on June 4. The necklaces were part of Logan Hollowerll’s Marissa Collection and are worth around $1,785 (£1,283.46). DON'T MISS:Meghan Markle 'hated being second-rate princess' to Kate [rREPORT]Sussexes set for 'icy' UK return as Camilla's family 'steal limelight' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry's rare glimpse into his Montecito mansion with Meghan [REVEAL] In the same Clevr Blends video, Meghan Markle was also seen wearing a white Ralph Lauren button-down shirt worth $235 (£119) and a Burberry silk trench coat worth $2,395 (£1,984) while also wearing a pair of dark skinny jeans. As well as the emerald necklace, the Duchess accessorised in Aquazzura black flats worth $360 (£330) and a Cartier Tank Française Watch which is believed to have been gifted to Meghan Markle by Prince Harry and once beloved to Princess Diana. In the Instagram video, the founder of the coffee brand Hannah Mendoza is seen welcoming the Duchess while also introducing the lattes. Hannah says the success of the company “blows her mind” and says Meghan was the first investor in the company. She said: “Three years ago, everything changed. None other than Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, had started drinking our lattes. Not only did she love the product but she was extremely passionate about female founders and sustainable sourcing.” The coffee founder explained that Meghan Markle sent the lattes to her friends, such as Oprah Winfrey who then later posted herself on social media promoting the coffee and making herself a drink. She said: “We have not served over six million lattes and we owe so much of that to the power of women uplifting women.” 