Roma manager Jose Mourinho has been issued a two-game ban and fined €10,000 (£8.7k) after being sent off in his side’s 2-1 loss to Cremonese on Thursday night. The Italian has been charged with speaking to officials in a ‘forceful’ manner whilst pitchside and after the full-time whistle had sounded. Heading into the match on the back of an impressive 2-0 win over RB Salzburg in the Europa League, Roma were heavy favourites to beat Cremonese at the Stadio Giovanni Zini. However, they were humiliatingly beaten in one of the shocks of the season so far, with Frank Tsadjout and Daniel Ciofani scoring either side of Leonardo Spinazzola’s equaliser. Mourinho was also shown a straight red card on the night, his third of the campaign, by referee Marco Piccinini following an altercation with the fourth official in the 47th minute. The former Chelsea boss was enraged by the behaviour of the official and the pair shared several words before being split. It has since emerged that the confrontation continued after the match, with Mourinho storming into the referee’s dressing room to question his dismissal and insist that the incident was prompted by the official himself. The 60-year-old has since been punished for his actions, with the Serie A revealing that the manager will be banned from his side’s upcoming matches against Juventus and Sampdoria. Their official statement read: “For having contested a refereeing decision in a forceful and provocative manner in the second minute of the second half and repeating this behaviour at the time of sending off. "Furthermore, for entering the referees’ dressing room and addressing the fourth official with offensive expressions and inferences at the end of the match." Mourinho was furious with how the situation panned out, telling the Italian press that he would not behave in the manner that he did if something did not spark the reaction. He said: “I am emotional, but not crazy. In order to react the way I did, something had to happen first. I need to understand if I can take any legal action. Piccinini gave me a red card because, unfortunately, the fourth official does not have the capacity to understand what he said to me. I want to find out if there is an audio recording. "I don’t want to get into the fact that Serra is from Turin and on Sunday we are playing against Juventus. For the first time in my career, a fourth official spoke to me in the most incredible way. It was unjustifiable. "At the end of the game, I went to speak to them. Piccinini, who was the fourth official in the last game when I was sent off, told me to apologise to Serra. I told Serra he should have the courage to explain what happened, but he had memory problems." It remains to be seen whether Mourinho takes further action to appeal the red card, though it is not believed that the conversation between the ex-Tottenham manager and the fourth official was recorded.