Aries Ideas flow in abundance and conversations inspire you into looking into new possibilities. A build-up of energy will make you more forceful and dramatic than usual but you can’t hold back from showing your enthusiasm and hopefully inspiring others to join you in new interests and activities. Taurus New people are coming into your work scene. You sense they aren’t likely to be there for long and they’ve only been brought in to help with a backlog of tasks. Someone who has been making life difficult for you is conspicuous by their absence. You’re secretly pleased that they aren’t likely to be a part of your life for much longer. Gemini Someone’s ideas seem so far-fetched you don’t even want to think about them. What surprises you is that a senior colleague will want to hear more. You’re tempted to give an opinion but don’t be the one to stand in other people’s way if they actually think they can turn some thoughts into reality.  Cancer You can’t sit back and leave a younger member of the family to sort out their problems when you know you can help them. They will get defensive. They will try to insist on managing on their own but even if you have to be discreet about it, you will find a way to make life easier for them. Leo You are growing tired of seeing the same old faces and visiting the same places. A strong urge to travel cannot be ignored. If you don’t get the chance to tread the globe you might settle for mental journeys by taking up a course of study or training. Virgo You’re starting to sense that a friend isn’t who they made themselves out to be. There is more taking in this relationship than giving and what giving there is always comes from you. Moving into new social circles will feel refreshing. You’re ready to expand your social horizons.   Libra Time seems to be running away with you. You haven’t managed to complete half of what you had expected to do this week. This hasn’t been your fault when there have been many disturbances and if you enlist the help of a practical friend, you might just be able to get the decks cleared. Scorpio Private matters will need more time than you have been giving them. It will have been pressing career commitments that have been getting in the way but you are ready now to take a look at your priorities and to insist on reducing outside commitments. Sagittarius It will be tempting to get on with some things on your own but if someone is expecting to be involved, they will be disappointed. Joint efforts should be handled jointly and not independently as you have been thinking. Don’t be in such a rush.   Capricorn A draft report will go into a lot of detail and you will need time to give this the attention it deserves. A lot of this will be a consultation at the moment and it will take a number of discussions before big issues are agreed on. Aquarius Someone who has been spending a fortune on luxury items will ask for a loan. You don’t have to think twice about your response. After a lengthy discussion, a past disagreement with a friend or relative will now be water under the bridge. Pisces A surprising text message or phone call will bring a happy moment at a difficult time. You are able to connect with people who have shared similar experiences and bring joy to their lives. You are finding ways to turn upset and disappointment into something positive.    