Buckingham Palace has made Archie and Lilibet's new titles official in an update on the Royal Family's official website. The title change was first announced on Wednesday when the Sussexes published a statement confirming Lilibet had been christened. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  Harry and Meghan's children became a prince and princess when King Charles acceded to the throne, but they had remained a plain "master" and "miss" on the Buckingham Palace website over the last six months. But in an update today, the palace website refers to the Sussex children as Prince Archie of Sussex and Princess Lilibet of Sussex. The site's line of succession list has been updated to reflect the change after a spokesperson for the Sussexes publicly referred to Lilibet as a princess for the first time when announcing news of her christening. Lilibet, who will be two in June, was baptised in California on Friday, with the Sussexes' spokesperson saying: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday March 3 by the Archbishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor."  The Duke and Duchess of Sussex are reportedly keen not to deny their children their birthright, but to allow them the chance to decide for themselves when they are older whether to drop or keep using their titles. In a recent statement the couple said the matter had been settled for some time. Harry and Meghan have embraced the royal titles despite the couple's repeated criticism of the monarchy. Prince Harry accuses his family of "total neglect" in the past and has said he suffered "genetic pain". The Sussexes also alleged racism against an unnamed member of the Royal Family, who they claim asked what colour Archie would be. Harry has since appeared to row back on the allegation. READ ABOUT WILLIAM'S INVOLVEMENT IN THE FROGMORE ROW   In response to the title changes, royal commentator Emily Andrews tweeted on Wednesday: "The perennial question still remains; if being a royal is so traumatic, such a burden, carries so much inter-generational pain why would you want to style your kids prince and princess/keep your own royal titles....??" King Charles was reportedly aware that the Sussexes intended to refer to their daughter as Princess Lili on Wednesday. It is understood there had been some correspondence about the matter. Archie and Lilibet's titles will be used in formal settings, but they will not be used routinely by Harry and Meghan. Lilibet's christening was an intimate affair with 20-30 people present, including Meghan's mother Doria Ragland and Lili's godfather, Tyler Perry, according to People magazine. Guests enjoyed an afternoon of food and dancing, with Archie even dancing with his sister.   Don't miss... Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf'  [OPINION] Piers Morgan takes swipe at Meghan Markle as he thanks her for award [LATEST] Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims [REVEALED] The magazine said US actor Perry arrived with a gospel choir who performed Oh Happy Day and This Little Light Of Mine - a song which featured during the Sussexes' wedding. It was reported King Charles, Queen Consort Camilla, Prince William and Kate, Princess of Wales, were invited but did not attend. Rules over titles set by King George V in 1917 mean Archie and Lilibet, as the children of a son of a sovereign, automatically became a prince and a princess when Charles became King. They would also be entitled to an HRH style but these will not be used. Harry and Meghan have retained their HRH styles, although they no longer use them after quitting the working monarchy.    Meghan said in the couple's interview with US talk show host Oprah Winfrey that Archie was not given the title of prince because of his race. However, when Archie was born seventh in line to the throne in May 2019, he was too far down the line of succession. Although he was a great-grandchild of the monarch, he was not a first-born son of a future king, so was not automatically a prince. 