Police have finally arrested and charged a suspect in a 12-year murder case after cops made an unusual breakthrough when they discovered DNA on a sweet potato left at the crime scene, court records show. Devarus Hampton was arrested on Friday in Massachusetts in connection with the murder of Todd Lampley - who was shot to death in 2011. Hampton, 40, pleaded not guilty to the charges of murder and assault with a dangerous weapon. But prosecutors say DNA evidence - found on a sweet potato - places the suspect at the scene on the night of the murder, in the village of Hyannis, Massachusetts. On the night of the murder, police found shell casings and a sweet potato on the ground outside the window where Todd was shot, the arrest affidavit states. Prosecutors believe the sweet potato was used as a silencer for the gun - a tactic used in an episode of the popular drama, The Wire. Police also found a phone at the scene in the name of Marlo Stanfield, who is a fictional character in the hit show. First Assistant District Attorney Jessica Elumba, told ABC News: "The sweet potato appears to be used as a silencer." Referencing the similarities to the show, Elumba said: "It's an interesting fact pattern." At the time of the murder, Hampton was reportedly wearing a GPS tracker after being previously convicted of another crime. READ MORE: Woman raped and strangled by 'MS-13 member who crossed border as kid' Police were subsequently able to tie his GPS location to Lampley’s home, the Cape Cod Times said. In 2016, police were able to obtain a DNA sample from Hampton without his knowledge after collecting it from a puddle he had spat into, according to the affidavit. When testing the DNA, lab technicians found that the DNA sample from the sweet potato and that of his saliva matched very closely, the report said. DON'T MISS:My mum says my tops are 'too booby' because I’m a 32DDD [REVEAL]Bride found groom being breastfed by his mother in the toilets  [REPORT]My brother's vegan girlfriend felt discriminated against at my dinner [INSIGHT] Elumba declined to comment on why it took the police 12 years to arrest a suspect despite seemingly ample evidence. Russell Eonas, assistant district attorney, told the local paper: "I can’t make a specific comment on the delay. The evidence was assessed as of now." But Hampton's lawyer claimed he is prepared to launch a "vigorous defence." He said "it is a very old case", which he is "confident" will result in his client's innocence. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews