Logan Paul has taunted his brother's rival Tommy Fury for the way he celebrated his split decision victory over Jake Paul on Sunday night. TNT picked up the best win of his career to move to 9-0 - ending two-and-a-half years of torture in the sweetest fashion. Fury said post-fight that the bout had consumed his life for a significant period of time which is why the triumph meant so much to him. The Brit cut an emotional figure after the scorecards were read out loud as he dedicated the famous win to his new-born baby girl Bambi and his partner Molly-Mae Hague. But Logan has mocked Fury's celebrations, claiming he was supposed to make light-work of his younger brother Jake after vowing to KO the American in "30 seconds flat". Logan said on B/S with Jake Paul: "Split decision. Did Tommy really win? Technically, but you're gonna celebrate that? You're supposed to kill the YouTuber. "He took you eight rounds and dropped you. Are you satisfied? You celebrated like you won the World Cup." Fury has already outlined his willingness to run it back and push ahead with a rematch as Paul plans to trigger his rematch clause. Logan has already challenged Fury to a fight as he wants to avenge his brother's defeat but it seems the pair are now likely to do it all over again - securing another bumper payday. Tommy's brother Tyson Fury wants TTT to pursue a rematch before any clash with Logan, stating after the fight: "Tommy will be headlining now forever. I'd like to see him fight a rematch with Jake Paul and fight Logan, his brother." The WBC world heavyweight champion then added: "He [Tommy] did a fantastic job. The world media, the world's biggest stars, came to see it. It was fantastic. "I expected Tommy to knock him out, to be quite honestly quite comfortably, but Jake was better than I thought he'd be, so fair play to Jake Paul. I'm very happy. You can't get knockouts all the time. "I'm 33 and 0 with 22 knockouts. So, you don't get a knockout every time, but it's a learning experience. Jake Paul was a very worthy opponent and he had to come through some obstacles like falling over in round eight and getting up and fighting on." Jake Paul claims he suffered from illness twice during camp while he also injured his arm during sparring. The YouTuber-turned-boxer has even declared his legs felt weak on the day of the fight, despite turning in a spirited performance. Paul is seemingly unprepared to pay Fury 'double or nothing' after TNT failed to sign the contract as requested. Meanwhile, John Fury has told the American to stay true to his word after the pair shook hands on a verbal agreement during their final press conference. It remains to be seen whether Paul will honour the bet and pay up, doubling Fury's purse following his career-best victory.