Ant and Dec have shared their honest thoughts on Matt Hancock’s controversial I’m A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! stint, with Dec admitted that it was “difficult not to feel” uneasy about his time in the jungle because “we were all affected by decisions he made and situations he created”. Nevertheless, the host says he had to put his feelings “to one side” to ensure they treated each campmate the same. In a new interview with Huffington Post, the duo was probed about the feeling among critics that it was inappropriate for Mr Hancock to have been invited onto the show at all.Dec replied: “Well, that is a really interesting point of view. And, of course, it has some validity.“I think it was interesting to allow him his say and to hear things from his point of view. Like I say, it was a situation that we all lived through, and he was at the centre of it. READ MORE:Piers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore' “I kind of wanted to hear – now that he’s no longer a politician and wasn’t doing his pivots in interviews – his side of the story, and his point of view.”Ant also shared his opinion, stating that all the campmates come with “baggage”, but that they should all be given the opportunity to “tell their stories”.He concluded: “We didn’t want to single [Matt] out or give him too much airtime, because that would be unfair to the other campmates. “We tried to be as fair, and as even, as possible to all of them.” Matt’s entrance into the Australian jungle angered many, including some campmates, following the former Health Secretary’s handling of the Covid pandemic.Nevertheless, Matt was repeatedly voted by the public to complete gruelling Bushtucker Trials.Then, to the surprise of many, Matt made it to third place, beating the likes of Mike Tindall and Seann Walsh in the process. It comes as Ant and Dec have returned to TV screens with Saturday Night Takeaway. DON'T MISSKen Bruce shuts down 'hidden agenda' after he's booted off Radio 2[LATEST]Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house[NEWS]Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long'[INSIGHT] As the show nears its 21st anniversary, it is still immensely popular thanks to an array of celebrity guests and hysterical pranks.Last week’s episode saw the pair prank This Morning’s Alison Hammond into believing she was staying at a haunted hotel.However, the pair recently admitted that they have been pranks they have deemed to be too much.Appearing on Capital Breakfast on Friday, host Roman Kemp asked if they had refused any sketches, to which Ant exclaimed: “Oh yeah.” Dec added: “Sometimes we sit down and they go, 'We thought maybe you could do this' and we go 'No, I think that's crossing the line.' "Especially when we do like hidden camera stuff on celebs. You kind of go, 'That’s a bit cruel.'" Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway airs at 7pm on ITV.