Liverpool have reportedly drawn up a Plan B for if their pursuit of Borussia Dortmund playmaker Jude Bellingham is unsuccessful amid interest from Manchester City and Real Madrid. The Reds have allegedly reignited their interest in Inter Milan star Nicolo Barella, though have quickly discovered that he is not a cut-price alternative. Jurgen Klopp is desperate to rebuild his midfield over the summer following an underwhelming campaign so far. His side’s disastrous start to the season has seen them sacrifice their stance as title contenders and highlighted their lack of investment in comparison to other top sides. Although the German boss has insisted that Liverpool are not financially capable of competing in bidding wars for some stars, he is well aware that he is relying on being backed in the summer. Klopp is hoping to strike a deal with his former side for Bellingham at the end of the season, though clubs are queuing up to speak with the player’s representative – and father – Mark. Reports in Italy have now suggested that midfielder Barella is equally as admired at Anfield and Klopp will go ‘full steam ahead’ to bring him to the Premier League. But it is speculated that Inter will demand at least £88million for the 26-year-old, aware that Liverpool are ‘hell-bent’ on securing his signature. The Reds are expected to clear out some of their fringe players at the end of the season and they could be tempted to try and use one of them as a makeweight in negotiations with Inter. However, given that the Italian side are struggling financially, they are likely to prefer a cash-only move. Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and James Milner are all out of contract at the end of the season and will need replacing, whilst Arthur Melo will return to Juventus following an injury-ridden loan spell – unless the buy option in the deal is activated. Jordan Henderson, Fabinho and Thiago Alcantara have all also struggled this season, with injuries and ageing legs preventing them from being the force of old. Aside from Bellingham and Barella, the Reds are keeping tabs on more Premier League-proven options to slot straight into the heart of their side. Liverpool are one of the side’s in the race to sign Brighton star Moises Caicedo, whilst West Ham captain Declan Rice is of interest. The Reds were previously cited as keen to sign Matheus Nunes before he joined Wolves over the summer and it is likely that that interest will be reignited.