Whitney (played by Shona McGarty) has been pushing Zack (James Farrar) away ever since she had to give birth to their stillborn baby. While the Square has tried to support her, a devastated Whitney has been shutting everyone out, too heartbroken to face reality. The tragedy is set to continue for the EastEnders couple, as BBC spoilers reveal they will find out their baby's ashes are available to collect. As Whitney continues to hide away, Zack is forced to confront her.  This week saw Whitney finding out she would have to get back to work despite wanting more compassionate leave after her loss. She was furious to find out that because her baby was under 24 weeks, the loss wouldn't count as a bereavement. Next week, Whitney will return to the stall, but to add insult to injury, her first day back is around Mother's Day. The day is a big topic of discussion while she's at work, which makes things harder for Whitney. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers While it does her good to be busy, she later gets the call to say Peach’s ashes are ready to collect and is left broken. Zack tries to talk to her, but she can’t handle it and rushes off, blaming everyone for making her go back to work too soon. When Zack catches up with her at home, Whitney insists she’s not ready to say goodbye to Peach. Zack tries to talk to the market trader about having a memorial for Peach, but she’s evasive. They agree to pick up their daughter’s ashes together, but it doesn't take long for Whitney to find an excuse to avoid the task. She soon spots Lily Slater (Lillia Turner) having a health scare and uses the moment to ditch Zack. Whitney and Lily return to the Slater house, where Whitney goes completely over the top about protecting Lily’s unborn baby and a row ensues. Meanwhile, Zack struggles with his emotions as he sits with Peach’s ashes.  Don't miss... The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [REACTION] The Chase viewers fume as Anne loses in 'nightmare' final [LATEST] BBC producer praises David Attenborough over new seires [EXCLUSIVE] Later, he sees a distraught Whitney and calls her out on her decision to let him go alone to do the tragic job. He might finally get Whitney to confront how much she is struggling. Could the pair decide to get away from Walford for a while? It could be that being back at work and trying to carry on with life as normal on the Square has been damaging to Whitney. With Zack also hurt by her actions, the two might talk things through and decide they need a break. It seems the pair are both also secretly wanting to give things a go again as a couple. Could their grief bring them closer together? Zack has already offered to help Whitney financially so she can take more time off work, but she refused. However, once he confronts her about his own feelings, it's likely the pair will reach an understanding and might even give their romance another try. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One. 