A self-proclaimed "TikTok detective" who was arrested for allegedly filming police as they pulled Nicola Bulley’s body out of the River Wyre has complained he was arrested unfairly. Curtis Arnold, 34, denied committing any crime during a rant on his YouTube channel. He was arrested on suspicion of malicious communications offences and perverting the course of justice in connection with the missing mother’s case. Arnold, from Kidderminster, Worcestershire, said he had been banned from Lancashire and from sharing online material about Nicola’s case or publicly discussing it as part of bail conditions. He said his "nan is now a nervous wreck" after West Mercia police arrested him at 1.30am while he was staying at her house. He complained the force booted down the door, banged on the windows and shouted through the letter box. The TikToker’s arrest was related to footage he filmed on February 19 from within a police cordon at the River Wyre, the same day Nicola’s body was found by dog walkers and retrieved by police. READ MORE: Snow chaos brings M62 to a standstill with drivers abandoning cars  Arnold, who has been bailed until June, complained he had "marks" on his hands after being cuffed by police and thrown into the back of a van. He said: "I'm sat in the back of this van, shivering blatantly and they're just stood there laughing with each other joking. I'm not exaggerating they were literally laughing at me. My nan is now a nervous wreck." "She hasn't been sleeping over it. There was no need to arrest like that. They could have just knocked the door. They could have even just phoned me and I would have gone in for a voluntary interview, no problem." The TikToker added that a pair of Lancashire Constabulary detectives interviewed him for two hours. Don't miss... Shocking photos show migrant who wanted to be deported stab student [LATEST] Woman buries neighbour's dog alive after barking kept her up at night [LATEST] Groceries chain probe after South American meat labelled 'British' [LATEST] A police spokesperson said: "The man was held on Wednesday morning with assistance from West Mercia Police and has since been released on bail with conditions. Our priority is, and has always been, to support Nicola's family and the wider community in St Michael's. We hope this arrest provides reassurance that we take concerns seriously and will act on them." Arnold complained he "didn’t post the video to cause harm or stress" but just for his media channel. He added: "I think everybody knows that there's no crime been committed here and I think everybody is aware why the police have done this to me. They have basically made it so that I can't go there and I can't do videos on the case any more. "That is what the locals wanted and that is what they have got. They have made an offence fit. "My solicitor said it doesn't fit but obviously they've made it fit and I'm on bail for three months and that is just the way it is." After mother-of-two Nicola Bulley disappeared in January, many flocked to social media to speculate about the case. Locals in the nearby village Saint Michael’s on Wyre were enraged as dozens of TikTokers and Instagrammers arrived to film the case. During the case, police had to issue a 48-hour dispersal order to clear the village of these groups. Detective Superintendent Rebecca Smith at the time said the users had been "playing their own private detectives". They were asked not to "take the law into their own hands" because of the risk it would jeopardise the investigation.