It could be, as one MP put it today, that Rishi Sunak 'is the Heineken' of recent British prime ministers as far as the EU is concerned - he reaches parts others can't. The detention centre in France announcement is a potential game changer. It was a closely guarded secret before the announcement at the press conference today, which may explain why it wasn’t leaked beforehand.  But in reaching this deal with French President Emmanuel Macron, the Prime Minister may well have finally got what so many of his angry backbenchers wanted. The £500 million price tag may seem eye-watering but in theory he could literally turn the boats around or just take the illegal immigrants back to be processed. “This is potentially Rwanda without the complications,” a Whitehall source explained to me. It acts as a deterrent for those who want to make those dangerous journeys across the Channel and, with a bit of luck, breaks the human traffickers’ business model. But it will be harder for those “lefty lawyers” to challenge it on human rights grounds. “If France is a dangerous place for human rights then we really are lost,” the source added. But the real issue here is why such an agreement has been reached now and not before. One Government source said: “This is absolutely because it is Rishi Sunak not Boris [Johnson] or Liz [Truss]. “There’s such a relief in the EU that they are dealing with boring and competent that they are willing to push the envelope much more.”  This was certainly the briefing which followed the Brexit deal on Northern Ireland where, while not perfect, most agreed the Prime Minister had come away with far more concessions from the EU than expected. But the issue is whether we are heading for European Union 2.0. All this cooperation, joint working, giving hundreds of millions to France (or the EU) certainly raises suspicions. One Tory Brexiteer MP, already unhappy about the Northern Ireland deal, had already raised concerns that the UK is “on course for an EU army” and security arrangements. The counter from Team Sunak and even a couple of very senior Brexiteers is that “while we left the EU we did not leave Europe.” The migrant crisis is evidence for them that there are shared problems on defence security, the migration crisis and much more.  As the Prime Minister noted, the small boats crisis is not just a British problem, it is also a French one. In fact, the route goes much further back encompassing countries like Italy and the eastern borders of the EU. The problem is also not going to get any better soon. Meanwhile, as Government sources also point out, there is a war on the European continent in Ukraine. If Russia rolled into the Baltics (NATO allies) the UK would need to get its military across the continent to support them. As one senior Brexiteer put it: “Brexit was the right thing, it gives us many opportunities, but when the sh*t hits the fan they [the EU] are still allies and we have to get our sh*t together pretty quickly.”