Mega cruise ships usually carry thousands of guests and crew. A guest shared how they try to avoid “the crowds” on the ship. A person said on Reddit: “Crowds on cruises can be tough. My wife and I are mid 30s, no kids and love going, but timing can be a gamble on who else is on board.” Some cruise lines are more kid-friendly than others and there could be a lot of children onboard a family oriented line. The guest added: “What we try to do is time it around when it’s inconvenient for families to go. “Like right after school starts in early September, after the holidays in January. Avoid vacation months like February/April/July and August. READ MORE: easyJet issues holiday warning for ‘disruption’ “With that being said, doing that can mean you wind up on a ship that is primarily older retired people. We don’t mind as we tend to keep to ourselves.” Booking outside the school holidays means passengers are less likely to be on a cruise with children. Some cruise lines do attract an older demographic and guests may want to do their research before booking. The guest added: “Virgin Voyages are adults only and is definitely geared towards the young and trendy, so that may work. It would probably have a more vibrant nightlife scene if that’s what you’re into.” Don't miss... Bali launches campaign to tackle what tourists wear [LATEST] ‘Beautiful’ British beach has a special connection to the Royal Fami [ROYAL] Tourist pickpocket warning as travellers told when to ‘be careful’  [WARNING] Virgin Voyages is geared towards a younger audience although it attracts a wide demographic. The line states: “No matter your age, or how you like to unwind, our exclusive adult ships suit Sailors of every age (unless you’re under 18, of course). “We’ve swapped kids menus for Michelin star chef curated menus, while children are one of life’s great joys, we believe absence makes the heart grow fonder. “That’s why, despite the fact that our ships are a playground for your inner child, we’ve chosen to curate a casually luxurious adults-only cruise experience.” READ MORE: Cruise guest explains how they ruined their holiday There are a few adults only cruise lines where guests are guaranteed to have a child-free experience. Many family-friendly ships also have a lot of activities and facilities geared towards adults but there will be children in the restaurants and communal areas. Guests could also opt for a smaller boutique ship if they are concerned about dealing with crowds onboard. River cruises are usually on smaller ships and there won’t be nearly as many people onboard. The guest added: “I like mid ship, mid deck (cabins) just for ease of accessibility to everything. “Just make sure you are not right under or above an entertainment venue or pool if you can help it.” Cabin location can make a big difference on a cruise and guests might want to avoid rooms near the nightclub if they like a peaceful night’s sleep. Many of the major cruise lines share deck plans on their website so guests can choose their optimum cabin location.