A disabled schoolgirl who weighed 23 stone and was left to die in filth over the Covid lockdown had the potential to become a Paralympian, her former coach has said. Kaylea Titford, who had spina bifida, went from being an active wheelchair user to being bedridden as her condition deteriorated from the beginning of the first lockdown in March 2020 until her body was found surrounded by flies and riddled with maggots on October 10. Kaylea's mother Sarah Lloyd-Jones, 40, and her father Alun Titford, 45, were jailed for gross negligence manslaughter for six years and seven years and six months respectively on Wednesday. Judge Mr Justice Griffiths said during the sentencing that Kaylea, from Newtown in Powys, Wales, was in a condition which was a far cry from the "funny and chatty" girl her teachers knew. He told the court Kaylea had enjoyed wheelchair basketball and had once competed in wheelchair sports with dreams of becoming a Paralympian. But her dreams were shattered by the "shocking and prolonged" negligence of her own mum and dad, despite Kaylea's ambitions to make a success in life. Kaylea's former sports coach, Steve Cox, revealed how she was a talented wheelchair basketball player and could potentially have gone on to represent Britain at a Paralympic Games. He told the BBC: "She was a wonderful person and used to try card games - and she could cheat better than me in the end. "She was very pleasant - a joy to work with. It was a shame we couldn't have worked with her a bit more. "She was quite impressive. We would have liked to get her higher up the disability sport ladder for, I'd say, we could have got her into the Paralympics at a push." READ ABOUT CLAIMS MEGHAN AND HARRY ARE FORCED TO 'SCROUNGE' In her final hours, as she lay screaming in bed, Kaylea's father texted her twice, telling her to stop. He did not go and see his daughter. Kaylea also sent a series of texts to her mother, pleading for help to clean weeping sores on her legs and to get rid of flies landing on her. Lloyd-Jones replied: "For f*** sake." Emergency service workers, called to the house after Kaylea was found dead, described feeling sick due to a "rotting" smell in her room, while maggots were feeding on her body. The teenager's specially adapted room was filthy and cluttered, with bottles of wee near her bed and dog mess in the en-suite bathroom. DON'T MISS: SNP MP told to apologise over ‘ignorant racial slur' [REPORT] Mum praised for transforming son into Prince Harry on World Book Day [REVEALED] 'I queued an hour to visit Clarkson's farm shop but was underwhelmed' [OPINION] Mr Cox was speaking after Lloyd-Jones and Titford were sentenced at Swansea Crown Court where in his opening remarks, Mr Justice Griffiths said: "Kaylea Titford made a success of her life. She was funny, determined and fiercely independent. "Her hydrocephalus was dealt with by an operation which meant she had no reduced brain function. "Her physical disability from spina bifida left her without movement or much feeling in her legs, but she was an accomplished wheelchair user, who was competitive in national wheelchair sports. "She went to a mainstream school. She had a learning assistant to help her with things in school she simply could not do herself. "But she would not allow people so much as to push her wheelchair or open a door for her. Everything she could do for herself, she did. "But she died just after her 16th birthday. You, Sarah Lloyd Jones, her mother - and you, Alun Titford, her father - caused her death by shocking and prolonged neglect over lockdown." Lewis Power KC, representing Lloyd-Jones, said his client realised her inaction had led to her daughter's death. Mr Power told the court: "During the lockdown period, when so many people suffered not just mentally but in socialisation, she became gradually overwhelmed. "Her coping strategies, coupled with lockdown, led her to develop major depression and she was no longer able to care for her daughter's needs. "It escalated to the horrendous situation where she withdrew from her everyday responsibilities and led to the catastrophic outcome." He said Lloyd-Jones did not seek to blame others for what had happened and was remorseful. The judge said the evidence did not point to Lloyd-Jones lacking support but, rather, not accepting it. David Elias KC, representing Titford, suggested that the parents - who had six children together - had been "let down" by authorities. "This is a family with a man working for a removal company 50 hours a week on average and a woman looking after all the children and working as a carer in the community in the lockdown," he said. "A care package was needed and it should not have needed to be asked for it. They should have been offered it and were not." A child practice review is due to be carried out in relation to Kaylea's death.