Earlier this week it was announced King Charles would be evicting Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from their UK base Frogmore Cottage. Now, Piers Morgan has offered his two cents on the decision, which has left critics divided. Piers said: “Despite all that’s happened, Charles has made it clear to people that he still loves his second son. “But there comes a point in every such dispute when a line must be drawn in the sand. “And for Charles, that line came in the shape of Harry’s tell-all book Spare which dumped a Grand Canyon-sized load of rotten, stinking manure over his family,” he added in his column for The Sun. Piers also referred to Harry as a “spoiled brat” for the complaints he has aired on TV about senior royal members. READ MORE: Anton Du Beke on Bruno Tonioli's BGT role amid Strictly replacement In his column for Yahoo, Omid Scobie, typed: “Prince Harry has been dealt a crushing blow after his father, King Charles, announced he is evicting the family from their Windsor property. "A decision made shortly after his revealing memoir, Spare, was released in January. “At a time when communication between Harry and his family has reached an all-time low, further details provided to the couple by the institution have been scant. “The property, they were told, is needed for someone else. “It’s news, sources tell me, that has left Harry and Meghan stunned, and at least two members of the Royal Family ‘appalled’.” It was later revealed Prince Andrew would be moving into Frogmore after being told to downsize from his Royal Lodge mansion by August. Discussions are underway as to whether Prince William and his family might move into Royal Lodge once Andrew and his ex-wife Sarah, Duchess of York vacate. The Prince and Princess of Wales and their three children are currently living in the much smaller Adelaide Cottage in Windsor which is deemed “unsuitable” long term despite the family being “very happy” there. DONT MISS:Olivia Wilde and ex Jason Sudeikis spark reconciliation rumours (PHOTOS)Ken Bruce shuts down 'hidden agenda' after he's booted off Radio 2 (LATEST)Piers Morgan reacts to Matt Hancock's fake 'get well' reply (UPDATE) A source said Adelaide Cottage may be offered to Andrew's youngest daughter, Eugenie, who is pregnant with her second child, who was previously renting Frogmore from her cousin Harry. For years Andrew enjoyed the use of a suite at Buckingham Palace known as the Chamber Floor. “Harry and Meghan have until early summer to vacate,” a source told Scobie. “Initially they were given just weeks, but now they have at least until after the coronation.” However, the Daily Mail has claimed King Charles is set to offer Harry and Meghan an olive branch by allowing them to stay at Buckingham Palace when they visit Britain in the future. Harry and Meghan now live in a nine-bedroom £12 million house in Montecito, California, after quitting the Royal Family three years ago. Sources close to the King and the Queen Consort say the couple were “furious” by bombshell revelations in Prince Harry's book, in which he described his stepmother as “dangerous” and claimed his brother William once pushed him to the ground in a furious rage. In a statement, an Archewell spokeswoman said "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage.”  