Boots customers can sign up for a free Advantage Card and earn loyalty points when shopping in store or online. Last year, the health and beauty retailer changes its rules around Advantage Card points expiry dates, shortening the time frame from two years to one. If you’re looking for ways to boost your points without spending more than you would, here are a few tips. 1. Purchase Buy something in-store, online or via the Boots app and collect four points for every £1 you spend. The exceptions are infant milk, prescriptions, stamps, gift vouchers and mobile phone top-ups. Plus, keep an eye out for points events for an extra boost! 2. Collect Build up points and check what they're worth in-store at the till, online via your account or using the app. For example, 1234 points equal £12.34 to spend! 3. Spend You can use your points value instead of cash next time you shop at Boots. You can also save them up for a big shop, like Christmas, or just treat yourself! But remember, you have a year to use the points before they expire. READ MORE: Stephen Fry worth staggering sum after 40-year career 1. Check the app regularly for bonus points and freebies Advantage Card members can now download the Boots app to scan their card in store. The app is also great for boosting points as you can select personalised offers and apply them to your card. The app also hands out free items, such as handwash, 100 bonus points when you buy two shampoo products, and £1.50 off when you spend £15 or more in a single transaction. DON'T MISS...Royal style rule Princess Anne reportedly 'turns a blind eye' to [INSIDER]March 2023 horoscope reading for all star signs - what’s in store [EXCLUSIVE]Two-ingredient breakfast bagel recipe that takes just 10 minutes [VIDEO] 2. Delay big purchases for ‘points events’ On particular days or over certain weekends, Boots has points events where customers who spend a set amount - usually £50-£60 - online or in store can get 1,000 extra points, which is worth £10. If you’re planning on buying big-ticket items like electricals, you can always split the transactions as there’s usually no limit on how many extra points bonuses you can get. READ MORE: Queen Camilla wears favourite colour and rarely seen chunky necklace Look out for Boots advertising these events on its website/app, as well as via email. 3. Check Advantage Card emails Advantage cardholders are sent a weekly email by Boots with details of the latest deals to earn extra points, as well as coupons to help maximise existing points. For example, it might offer a bonus 500 points for buying a particular product. The app can also alert you to new offers, just make sure you choose to receive notifications. 4. Join the Boots Parenting Club The Boots Parenting Club is also free to join and gives users an extra eight points for every £1 spent on baby products. Members can also get extra offers, such as 25 percent off when you spend £25+ on Mothercare clothing.