The Queen Consort's appearance on Antiques Roadshow was filmed in Cornwall at The Eden Project last summer before the late Queen Elizabeth's death. She brought two personal items to share with the show’s experts before taking part in a challenge with host Fiona Bruce. Camilla's first item presented to experts was a rare snuffbox from the Royal Collection made from Cornish silver, mined just 40 minutes from the filming location. Silver specialist Duncan Campbell is thrilled with the item as it’s the first all English silver he has seen in his career. For the second item, the Queen presented a copy of Gray’s Elegy in a Country Churchyard. The book was admired by expert Justin Croft who asked how the Queen came to possess it. DON'T MISS: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges The Queen Consort described her love for the poem and her interest in the book’s exquisite binding, which was done in 1899 by the Guild of Women Binders. Later in the episode, BBC viewers will see the Queen join Fiona for a game of 'guess the mystery item’. Jewellery specialist Geoffrey Munn asked the pair, along with the onlooking crowd, to guess the true purpose of three unusual items. These were a piece of rock crystal, a silver plaque decorated with a pair of eyes and two jewelled arrows. In a clip from the episode, the Queen can be seen trying to figure out what the plaque is used for. Geoffrey offers up potential explanations: "It hangs from a horse at night, and the other one is an offering to a shrine." "For eyes?" Her Majesty asked as the expert confirmed: "For eyes yes." Fiona asked the Queen: "What do you think?" as she replied: "I suppose it could go on a bridle." DON'T MISS...Thomas Forrester is best known for his role on Bargain Hunt [INSIGHT]Antiques Roadshow's Fiona Bruce mortified over value of Star Wars prop [VIDEO]Antiques Road Trip expert gobsmacked by £20 item's staggering profit [WATCH] However, Fiona wasn't as convinced and noted: "But if you think about horse brass and bridles, they are much heavier." "Yes but I still think I'm going with the horse," Her Majesty asserted. Fans will have to wait until Sunday evening to find out how the Queen fared with the challenge. Speaking about the Queen's appearance Fiona enthused: "The Queen Consort was just terrific fun. "She put everyone at ease and was keen to take part in the programme and chat to everyone. "The members of the public that came along with their items that day got a bit more than they bargained for as they had no idea The Queen Consort was coming! "Her Majesty got stuck into our Antiques Roadshow games, though ‘Guess the Mystery Object’ had us both stumped.” Fiona and the Queen Consort also discuss Her Majesty’s close connection to The Eden Project and her support for ‘The Big Lunch’, a charity which is based there, and which encourages people to come together with their local community to share a meal. Antiques Roadshow continues Sunday on BBC One at 8pm.