Prince Andrew could be forced out of the Royal Lodge not by financial difficulties but by mould. The Duke of York's home in Windsor is reportedly affected by a "serious" damp issue and needs a new roof. Andrew carried out extensive renovation when he moved into the 31-bedroom residence in the early 2000s with his daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie. However, two decades later, the Lodge requires new extensive and expensive works, a source has claimed. They told The Sun: "Royal Lodge is in a terrible state and it is falling down. Millions were spent when Andrew moved in but that was 20 years ago. "Barely any work has gone on for two decades and people are shocked when they visit. "There is a serious issue with damp that needs to be rectified and that isn’t cheap on a house of that size. It also needs a new roof. "Not only does Andrew not have the finances to bring the home up to scratch, it would be uninhabitable when the work is being carried out." Upon moving into the residence after the death of its previous inhabitant, the Queen Mother, Prince Andrew signed a 75-year lease. This report comes amid claims of a shake-up being led by King Charles in royal spending. READ MORE: Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes Last month, it was claimed that His Majesty is engaged in a major review of the Duchy of Lancaster fund and how money is spent, and that non-working royals should expect to tighten their belts. As Andrew stepped back from public duties in November 2019, a considerable cut to the subsidy he receives could mean he would no longer be able to afford the upkeeping of his mansion. Earlier this week it emerged the Duke was offered the keys to Frogmore Cottage, which has been the official English residence of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. King Charles is believed to have informed the pair to vacate their home in the wake of the publication of the blistering memoir Spare, penned by the Duke of Sussex. But Prince Andrew is reportedly resisting the idea of downsizing and entering the freshly-renovated cottage in Home Park. News the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are to leave Frogmore Cottage was confirmed by their spokesperson on Wednesday afternoon. This means that, within weeks, they will lose their only official residence in the UK which, due to its location, offers them the same police protection granted to senior royals.