King Charles's decision to take away from Meghan Markle and Prince Harry Frogmore Cottage, their official residence in England, has been described as "symbolic of their larger eviction from royal life". US Writer Maureen Callahan believes the monarch took notice of the British public's mood when it comes to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex - as well as the Duke of York. In a comment piece for the Daily Mail, Ms Callahan wrote: "King Charles's apparent decision to evict — reportedly made, we now know, one day after 'Spare' hit shelves — is to hear his people and speak for them. "This eviction from Frogmore is symbolic of their larger eviction from royal life. How satisfying this must feel to the British public, who now rank Harry and Meghan slightly above scandal-scarred Prince Andrew in popularity — just barely. "As if to underscore his anger, Charles has made it known which royal Frogmore is now intended for: None other than Andrew, who Charles is sending into exile. Now that's what you call making a statement." The decision to have the Sussexes vacating Frogmore Cottage is seen by Ms Callahan as the last of a series of moves taken by Buckingham Palace to sideline Meghan and Harry, as they are no longer senior working royals. The author mentioned as an example the seats allocated to Meghan and Harry for the service held at St Paul's Cathedral on June 3, amid the celebrations for the Queen's Platinum Jubilee. While the Sussexes arrived at the service of thanksgiving separately from other non-working royals, they were positioned in the second row, squeezed in between Jack Brooksbank and Lady Sarah Chatto. Prince Harry's popularity among Britons went into freefall over the past few years, polls have shown. A YouGov survey analysing the opinions of 1691 British adults between January 10 and 11 found 68 percent of those polled said to have a negative opinion of the Duke, with only 24 percent saying they saw him positively. READ MORE: Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes Meghan performed similarly to her husband, with 68 percent of those surveyed saying they have a negative opinion of her against 22 percent speaking positively of her. The Duke of Sussex's popularity in Britain started to plunge after he and Meghan announced their intention to step back from their senior Royal Family roles. His popularity was further affected following his tell-all interview alongside the Duchess with Oprah Winfrey, aired in March 2021. That interview was the first time the Duke and Duchess of Sussex sat down and raised a number of criticism and allegations against Buckingham Palace and members of the Royal Family. Harry further discussed his life in the Royal Family and his upbringing in an episode of the Armchair Expert podcast and in the mental health series he co-created, The Me You Can't See. In December, Netflix released a biographical six-part documentary of the Sussexes, during which Harry and Meghan aired their grievances with senior royals and the press. Harry spoke more in-depth about the gap now separating him, Prince William and his father Charles in his book Spare, released worldwide on January 10. The book also included blistering allegations and criticism against other members of the Royal Family, including Queen Camilla.