Arsenal chief Edu could be rueing his misfortune after he almost signed winger Manor Solomon from Shakhtar Donetsk. The player has since joined Fulham and is currently on a roll after bagging five goals in his last five matches. In January 2021, football.london reported that Solomon was interested in signing for Arsenal. And a source close to the player told the publication that the Israel international would be “delighted” if he could secure a move to the Emirates Stadium before adding: “There is still a long way to go.” Israeli super-agent Pini Zahavi had been in touch with Arsenal transfer chief Edu to discuss a possible deal after offering the winger to ex-Gunners head of football Raul Sanllehi in May 2020. And a year down the line, there was still talk about a move, with Shakhtar setting an asking price of £21million for the ace. Arsenal ultimately missed out on signing the 23-year-old after Fulham took advantage of a FIFA ruling last summer that permitted Ukrainian-based foreign players to suspend their contracts for a year and join another club without any transfer fee in the wake of Russia’s attack on the country. Read more... Blackpool fan dies after brawl broke out following Burnley match [LATEST] Solomon was handed his Fulham debut as a substitute in August as his side battled to a 2-2 draw against Liverpool. But the following day he suffered a serious knee injury in a behind-closed-doors friendly. And he was sidelined for five months before returning to action as a late substitute against Hull in the third round of the FA Cup. The talented player has certainly made up for lost time, however, and has illustrated his abilities in front of goal over the last month. The player netted his first goal for Fulham during his side’s 2-0 victory over Nottingham Forest at the start of last month. He backed that up by scoring an 88th-minute winner against Brighton a week later before helping his side earn a 1-1 draw with Wolves courtesy of another strike.  Don't miss... Chelsea boss Potter left sweating over late decision for Dortmund tie [LATEST] Man Utd's Fernandes has Keane lesson to learn after Liverpool defeat [LATEST] Jamie Carragher accuses Neville of 'crying off' MNF after Man Utd loss [LATEST] Last week, he notched another goal as Fulham beat Leeds to reach the quarter-finals of the FA Cup. And on Monday night he scored his fifth goal for the west London club with an equaliser against Brentford. “Last year was the most difficult of my life,” Solomon told The Athletic in February. “It started with the war in Ukraine. I signed for Fulham, I had wanted to be part of the Premier League for a long time, and suddenly after the first game, I get injured with the most difficult injury of my career. The past few months were incredibly difficult. I wanted so badly to be a part of this great team. But I knew my time would come.” And come it certainly has. 