The Real Housewives of New Jersey is back with its 13th season, as fans follow the high lives of cast members Teresa Giudice, Melissa Gorga, Dolores Catania, Margaret Josephs and Jennifer Aydin. But it appears tension is already brewing as star Josephs claims “it's pretty obvious” Guidice’s new relationship is causing a stir among the family. The Real Housewives of New Jersey star, Josephs, made an appearance on the Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen chat show to discuss the down-low in New Jersey. Things quickly got juicy when the fashion designer was asked to give her opinion on the Giudice family feud. A fan joined the show by video call all the way from Australia, he asked the reality star if she thought Giudice's new partner Luis Ruelas was the one to “blame for Terresa and Joe not getting along”. The star replied by throwing shade at Ruelas, claiming he was the reason there was now a  “demise of the family”. Joesphs maintained: “I think she [Teresa Giudice] probably didn't even realise. She was always at their house, at their shorehouse, everything else. Despite claiming “Luis is a great fit for Teresa” the star added: “Since he's [Luis] been around there has been a demise of the family”. Before concluding “It's pretty obvious” referring to Ruelas' contribution to the ongoing feud between Giudice and her ex-husband Joe Giudice. This wasn't the first time Josephs shared her opinion on Giudice's new relationship, as the star revealed how "disappointed" the cast was in Giudice's behaviour at the season 12 reunion. The pair spent the majority of last season at war over Joseph’s questions about Ruelas' past. Giudice clearly wasn't happy with all the probing and took her resentful energy to the reunion show. Despite trying to defend her new husband, Giudice seemingly managed to upset her co-stars and left a bad taste in everyone's mouth. Following the reunion, Josephs told ET: "I feel [the other Housewives] are disappointed in her, I think we saw a side of her that wasn't very... she's not the Teresa we all knew and loved, let's put it that way." After the very public separation and divorce from Joe, Teresa found love again when she claims she has met her soulmate in the form of businessman Ruelas. The pair tied the knot last summer at the Park Chateau Estate & Gardens in East Brunswick, New Jersey. However, Giudice's brother and sister-in-law Joe and Melissa Gorga did not attend the ceremony, sparking the ongoing tension between the two families. RHONJ alum Dina Manzo, who was said to be a bridesmaid, was also missing from the big day.  Teresa split from Joe Giudice in 2020 after spending two decades together as husband and wife. During the season 10 finale of the Real Housewives of New Jersey, Teresa announced she and Joe decided to end their marriage on a trip to Italy. Teresa then later revealed the reason for her split with Joe was that she could not handle a long-distance relationship on top of the years of legal drama that the pair dealt with. The Real Housewives of New Jersey continues Tuesday on BRAVO in the USA and is currently streaming on Amazon Prime in the UK.