The no-nonsense detective, John Luther, hit cinemas screens for the first time earlier this month, and will shortly be coming to the small screen via Netflix in his first-ever movie, Luther: The Fallen Sun. While Idris Elba has been longing for Luther to become a movie star for years, fans have been expecting the star to become the next James Bond actor. Elba has been adamant it won't happen, but that didn't stop the Luther writer from throwing in a cheeky jab about 007 in his new movie. Elba and the Luther writer Neil Cross spoke to Radio Times about Luther: The Fallen Sun for this week's magazine, where they chatted about the "extended middle finger and a wink" to James Bond in the Luther universe. Elba was adamant Luther is not any kind of "Bond audition". He added: "I’ve been saying for years, no!" Even as recently as last week, Elba said: "You know, a lot of people talk about another character that begins with ‘J’ and ends with ‘B,’ but I’m not going to be that guy. I’m going to be John Luther. That’s who I am." Despite knowing Elba has been dodging Bond rumours for years, Cross threw in a comment about Bond in the new Luther movie, making the detective reference 007's favoured drink, a Vesper Martini. Elba said of this moment: "The martini line is a bit cheeky, isn’t it?" He even revealed he gave Cross a talking to after he learned of it. Elba said to the writer: "Neil, are you sure you want to put that in?" Ultimately, however, it seems they left this cheeky comment in the movie. As recently as August, Elba said he had "no more answers" for the inevitable questions about joining James Bond. He also opened up about the stresses the questions put on his family: "I know the rumours about Bond have always chased me. Listen, my poor mum is like: 'One day you’re going to get it!' I was like: 'Mum, I’m good, I’ve got Luther.'" Don't miss... James Bond producer turned down Beatles mega-hit in historic blunder [NEWS] Michelle Yeoh claims her James Bond movie put her out of work [INFO] Next James Bond candidate Taylor-Johnson could be the new 007 [LATEST] Although Elba has assured his fans he will not be the next 007, James Bond bosses Barbara Broccoli and Michael G Wilson have already claimed the star is "part of the conversation" for the next spy movie. Broccoli said: "We know Idris. We’re friends with him, and he’s a magnificent actor." And it seems he's still a fan favourite in the ever-changing Bond odds. Elba currently has a powerful 16/1 in taking over as the new James Bond after Daniel Craig. But he has some stiff competition. At the top of the leaderboard is Aaron Taylor-Johnson, who holds a staggering 5/2 in the Bond odds. Taylor-Johnson is closely followed by Henry Cavill, who is best known for playing Geralt of Rivia in The Witcher, as well as Superman. He has a fantastic 5/2 as well, making the two British beefcakes neck and neck. Fan favourite Tom Hardy is also a frontrunner in the Bond odds. Although he has sworn to never talk about getting the role, he has an intense 9/1, placing him fourth in the running. Meanwhile, Bridgerton star Regé-Jean Page has 10/1 in the odds to become the next suave spy. Luther: The Fallen Sun is in cinemas now, and hits Netflix on March 10.