Arsenal play their game in hand this evening when Everton visit the Emirates. Victory would take the Gunners five points clear of Manchester City at the top of the Premier League. Express Sport looks at the XI Mikel Arteta is expected to select. Only one goalkeeper has kept more clean sheets than Aaron Ramsdale this season. However, only of the 10 shutouts have been at home. Nottingham Forest and Newcastle are the only visiting teams not to score at the Emirates. Arsenal can't always rely on having to score at least twice to win a game, though Everton have hardly been prolific of late. On paper, Everton appears to be the tougher of the next two games for Arsenal. Bournemouth visit north London on Saturday and Arteta may be more inclined to rest players for that game if he gets three points tonight. Therefore a first-choice back four is likely to be selected. William Saliba and Gabriel are over their mini bust-up following Saturday's win at Leicester. They should start a 25th straight league game this term in the centre of defence. Ben White and Oleksandr Zinchenko will occupy the full-back positions. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Ten Hag already has next Casemiro as footage speaks volumes  Arteta will be keen to bring a player of Thomas Partey's physicality into his starting XI following his injury absence. He came on at the King Power Stadium but has only had a couple of training sessions. Arteta won't want to risk any further damage so will stick with Jorginho if Partey isn't fully ready. Granit Xhaka could be in line for a rest soon but that might have to wait for the weekend. Fabio Vieira has the potential to come in for either Xhaka or Martin Odegaard. Arteta will likely stick with his skipper tonight, though. DON'T MISSMan Utd's Phil Jones makes feelings clear on quitting after working as punditMan City boss Guardiola takes aim at Man Utd after Ten Hag and co win Carabao CupMan Utd can make two easy and smart signings for Ten Hag after cup triumph  One of Arteta's biggest dilemmas is whether to bring Eddie Nketiah back in. Leandro Trossard impressed as a false nine on Saturday and gave a different dimension to the attack. The Belgian was able to link up play better than Nketiah with his close control, as well as interchange with Gabriel Martinelli with ease. Martinelli's two goals in two games mean it will likely be a straight shootout between Trossard and Nketiah. Nketiah may have to wait as Trossard has done nothing wrong. Bukayo Saka is set to appear in his 67th league game in a row. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 