Ironing is one of the most hated household chores for many but luckily, there are ways to keep the clothes crisp and fresh without using the appliance. Experts at T-shirt printing company ICON Printing exclusively revealed five clever methods to keep clothes crease free without ironing. One of the most effective hacks, especially to get the creases out of thicker fabrics like denim jeans or hoodies, is the mattress press. Alex Econs, a garment printing expert at ICON Printing, explained how the method works. Simply lay the clothes onto a flat surface and use your hands to smooth the creases out. "Once you’re happy that the creases are pressed out as much as possible, roll the item up tightly like a burrito, ensuring it's actually all completely rolled up, rather than folded. “Once this is done place the rolled item under your mattress for at least an hour and the weight should soon have your outfit wrinkle-free, without using any heat or electricity at all. The longer it’s left under your mattress, the more intense the effect will be.” This trick also works on knitwear or sweatshirts, "so if your winter clothes are looking a little crumpled then this is the perfect way to ensure they are looking as good as new without having to use the iron," the expert added. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p  Another method is using an anti-wrinkle spray, which can be easily made at home with common household products, and it also avoids having to wash the clothes in the first place. The expert said that this "is a great way to get your clothes looking crisp again" and it will "work well on T-shirts, sweatshirts and other garments made from cotton or similar". Mix 200ml water and 10ml fabric softener in a spray bottle, "spray on any wrinkles and pull taut to remove the creases". Apply the mix until the clothes are damp and then hang it out to dry for crease-free clothes without having to iron, Alex recommended.  Hair appliances can help achieve "the same pressed look", Alex said, and expert Nicola Rodriguez, from The Essex House Dolly, explained how to get the creases out of shirts using these. She explained: “You’d be surprised what you can achieve with a trusty pair of hair straighteners! After styling your hair, use the residual heat from the appliance to straighten out those pesky creases. This works best if you give the clothing a quick spray-over beforehand to dampen it." She added that “the great thing about hair straighteners" is that they’re basically a mini iron and work great on both shirts and on thicker clothing items such as suit jackets as they give "an intense, localised heat, especially since the prongs warm the garment on both sides". READ MORE: Kitchen colours that can make room smaller - 'Absolutely avoid' Another "simple but effective" method to get rid of the creases is by using a damp towel. This is a trick that works best on delicate fabrics, the expert explained. Simply place the item on a flat surface, underneath some damp towels and use these to press out any creases. "Once you’re happy you’ve covered all areas, hang it up to air dry. This trick is cost-effective but can be more time-consuming, so be sure to plan your outfit in advance, leaving enough time for your clothes to dry before getting ready,” Alex advised. According to the expert, the morning shower routine is "a brilliant way to straighten your clothing" and the "ultimate multitasking and money-saving hack". Alex explained: "Simply hang your T-shirts or other garments up in the bathroom when you shower to allow the fibres to soften and creases to relax without having to iron them." It is recommended people hang the clothes as close to the shower as possible without getting them wet. It is important to ensure that the bathroom door is closed and that the extractor fan is off to avoid removing the steam. "When you’re finished with your shower, try to keep your clothes in the bathroom for 15 minutes before allowing them to dry,” Alex recommended.