The 2023 Formula One season is upon us, with the Bahrain Grand Prix raising the curtain for the year's 23-race calendar this weekend. Red Bull are the pre-season favourites for both titles with Mercedes lagging behind their rivals. In the newest Big Debate, Express Sport's team have their say on which teams and drivers will blaze the trail and who will be left behind in the tyre smoke... Who will win the Drivers’ Championship? Max Verstappen. As much as I like going against the grain, there's no stopping him while Mercedes struggle to give Lewis Hamilton the power to match the flying Dutchman. I expect it to be closer this year between himself and Charles Leclerc though, with Sergio Perez also providing a closer challenge this year. Who will win the Constructors’ Championship? I think this could be Ferrari's year to finally end their long wait for a Constructors' crown. Leclerc and Carlos Sainz is arguably the strongest driver lineup on the grid and with Mattia Binotto's baffling strategy calls no longer a factor, the Scuderia should be able to get some serious points on the board if their reliability holds up. Will Lewis Hamilton beat George Russell at Mercedes? Yes. We all know that Hamilton will be hurting after his worst-ever campaign last year, but he sacrificed his own races last year to help develop the car for the latter part of the season. This year, the W14 should be quicker allowing him to challenge for race wins from Emilia Romagna onwards, and I think Hamilton is the quicker driver out of the two. Any surprises or bold predictions? Fernando Alonso at 41 is still amazingly quick and will be eager to impress at his new team Aston Martin, who showed good pace in testing. My bold prediction is that Alonso finishes as best of the rest - so 7th in the driver's standings - meaning he beats both Alpines and the McLarens. Maybe even a podium for the wily Spaniard? Who will win the Drivers' Championship? Depressingly, Max Verstappen has this all but sewn up before a wheel has even been spun. His car is so superior this season looks like becoming another procession. Who will win the Constructors' Championship? It's a shame that so few care about this one because it could be a lot closer. Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz will be working hard to keep up in the main competition but it still won't be quite enough to edge Ferrari past Red Bull. Will Lewis Hamilton beat George Russell at Mercedes? Hamilton drifted a little bit during last season but with Mercedes slowly building a faster car, he will be keen to assert his place as the main guy on the team. Any surprises or bold predictions? With the lack of moral leadership shown by the addition to the calendar of races in Saudi Arabia and Qatar in recent years, Liberty Media will announce a 2024 Russian Grand Prix. Who will win the Drivers’ Championship? Max Verstappen. If you think the Dutchman’s hunger might be sated by two championships in a row, forget it. A Verstappen title has become as inevitable as a Lewis Hamilton coronation back in the Mercedes glory days. Who will win the Constructors’ Championship? Red Bull. There is nothing to indicate they will be any less dominant than last season. They will have the fastest car in Bahrain - it is up to the rest to try to close the gap over the season. Will Lewis Hamilton beat George Russell at Mercedes? Yes. Expect a stronger showing this season by Hamilton. There is life in the old dog yet and he will have been stung by finishing 35 points behind Russell last season. Any surprises or bold predictions? Fernando Alonso will win a race with Aston Martin. It has been a decade since Alonso last triumphed but his move to Aston looks to have landed him with a seat in a car with genuine potential. If Alonso gets the right breaks somewhere along the line he still has the ability. Who will win the Drivers’ Championship? Max Verstappen. And by a comfortable margin again. Until Lewis Hamilton has equal machinery, no one can touch the Dutchman, and by the time Mercedes provide Hamilton with a race-winning car this season, it will already be too late. Who will win the Constructors’ Championship? I do think Ferrari will push Red Bull closer than last year and cut down on some of the disastrous mistakes, but ultimately it has to be Christian Horner and co again. That’s based on the logic that Verstappen wins the majority of races and gets podiums in almost all of the others. Supporting man Sergio Perez will get plenty of podiums and the odd win himself. Will Lewis Hamilton beat George Russell at Mercedes? Just about. Russell is brilliant and with a non-porpoising better-performing car, can be right in that pack chasing Verstappen. But Hamilton made some sacrifices last year he’ll hope he won’t have to this season. I think he’ll win a few races, and that’ll just see him pip Russell, but neither will truly contend for the title. Any surprises or bold predictions? Fernando Alonso wins a race with Aston Martin. Alpine score more podiums this season than in both of the last two combined (two). McLaren finish out of the points more often than they do in it despite having an exciting driver line-up. Who will win the Drivers’ Championship? Max Verstappen. Simply put, the Dutchman is the best driver on the grid and has the best car on the grid. It is an unstoppable combination. His biggest challenge this year will be trying to beat the records he set last season. Who will win the Constructors’ Championship? I find it impossible to look beyond Red Bull. Verstappen should dominate from the front while Sergio Perez is the solid No 2 the team needs to pick up the scraps. Ferrari and Mercedes look too far off the pace and upgrades will not come in time. Will Lewis Hamilton beat George Russell at Mercedes? Yes. Hamilton looks more motivated than ever going into the new season and with Mercedes porpoising struggles appearing to be a thing of the past, the W14 should be more suited to his talents. While he is unlikely to challenge Verstappen and Red Bull, he will still get the bragging points of being able to get one over on his teammate. Any surprises or bold predictions? Fernando Alonso to claim multiple race wins. I fully expect Red Bull to dominate but given Aston Martin's testing showing I wouldn't be surprised if they challenge for wins when Verstappen and co suffer an off-day. If Alonso gets even the slightest hint of a race win you can guarantee he will drive the wheels off his car to get it and I fully expect him to hoover up any opportunity offered. Who will win the Drivers’ Championship? Max Verstappen was unstoppable in 2022 and expect more of the same this time around. The Dutchman has the best car on the grid and experience of two titles under his belt to see off any Ferrari challenge. Who will win the Constructors’ Championship? Red Bull sent tongues wagging in Bahrain after an impressive three days of pre-season testing. Ferrari could be a lot closer than last year's points tally would suggest but the team are still likely to have an edge over the Scuderia. Will Lewis Hamilton beat George Russell at Mercedes? No. George Russell is a generational talent and will be no pushover in his second year at the team. The 25-year-old’s confidence will be sky-high after beating Hamilton in his debut year and scoring the team’s only win in Brazil. Any surprises or bold predictions? Except for Aston Martin’s potential to finally challenge for race wins, McLaren’s downfall could be one of the talking points of the season. The team struggled in testing and they could fall further down the grid than last year’s P5 in the Constructors’ Championship. Haas and Williams finishing ahead of the iconic British squad would not be a surprise. Who will win the Drivers’ Championship? Tempting though it is to go for a left-field pick it looks like more of the same this year with Max Verstappen likely to land a third title. The Dutch flier won 15 out of 22 races last year and the early signs from testing in Bahrain suggest the car is as good if not better. Charles Leclerc and George Russell can fill the places. Who will win the Constructors’ Championship? Again, no surprises here with Red Bull looking set fair. Ferrari believe they will be competitive on speed and power in a straight line but less so around corners. Last time I looked there were plenty of those on the F1 circuit. Like last year Mercedes are not entirely happy but are likely to get better as the season progresses. Aston Martin can push for fourth place. Will Lewis Hamilton beat George Russell at Mercedes? Russell finished ahead of Hamilton 14 times out of 22 and the closing stages of last season when Russell nailed fastest laps in four of the last six races then won in Brazil suggested a changing of the guard. This could be the season when the younger Brit takes over. Any surprises or bold predictions? Aston Martin are brimming with confidence ahead of the new season and former world champion Fernando Alonso could be value to hit the podium at some stage in the early part of the season. Aside from that it is difficult to see much in the way of shocks. 