Universal Credit is set to be high on the agenda of the Chancellor in his Spring Budget on Wednesday. The Government has confirmed the benefit, paid to millions of Britons, is set to undergo major changes. Mr Hunt is expected to set out the ambition to get hundreds of thousands of people into work in his speech, and addressing Universal Credit is seemingly central to his approach. Benefit claimants are expected to be encouraged to move into work or increase their hours as part of changes to the Universal Credit system. Firstly, hundreds of thousands of claimants are set to be asked to attend more regular meetings with work coaches. The Government also plans to expand skills bootcamps to provide Britons with the tools they need to work. READ MORE: WASPI woman slams DWP for just two years warning of age change Mr Hunt plans to scrap the work capability assessment, used to decide whether or not a person is fit for work when it comes to Universal Credit. Major changes are also set for parents who are on Universal Credit, it should be noted. Mr Hunt is set to announce the Government will start paying childcare costs on Universal Credit up front, rather than in arrears. Many parents on a low-income already find it hard to afford the up-front cost on childcare, and find it difficult to get into work as a result. In addition, the maximum amount people will be able to claim for childcare on Universal Credit will be increased by several hundred pounds. Don't miss... Jeremy Hunt may target alcohol duties in the Budget [LATEST] Four groups may be due a refund or discount on BBC licence fee [INSIGHT] NatWest offers 6.17% interest rate through ‘go-to’ savings account [EXPLAINED] It is hoped this will make childcare more affordable for working parents. Britons should also expect to hear more from the Chancellor about work search requirements - as these are set to be strengthened. Over 700,000 lead carers of children on Universal Credit will now be encouraged to look for work, or increase their hours. Previously, they would have had only limited requirements, or no requirements at all, but they are now expected to be assisted by additional Work Coach support. Similarly, when it comes to meeting with a Work Coach, the Administrative Earnings Threshold (AET) will be increased. READ MORE: Hunt urged to introduce windfall tax on energy suppliers This is the minimum amount a person is able to earn without being asked to meet with their Work Coach - rising from 15 to 18 hours of earning at the National Living Wage per individual. The AET for couples, where a second member of a household may not be asked to look for work if their partner is working, will be removed entirely. The Chancellor is expected to say this will ask over 100,000 additional claimants to meet more regularly with their Work Coach, and take further steps to moving into work, or increasing their earnings. Mr Hunt said: “Those who can work, should work because independence is always better than dependence. Already we’re seeing near record levels of employment in Britain, but we need to go further to build a country that rewards work and gives everyone the chance of a better future. “I want this back-to-work Budget to break down these barriers and help people find jobs that are right for them. We need to plug the skills gaps and give people the qualifications, support and incentives they need to get into work. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “Through this plan, we can address labour shortages, bring down inflation, and put Britain back on a path to growth.” Experts in the field have already welcomed the expected statements by the Chancellor. They hope children will receive more support through the planned changes. Dan Paskins, director of UK Impact at Save the Children, said: “The UK Government has made the right decision in deciding to pay childcare fees for those on Universal Credit upfront rather than in arrears. This system was stopping people getting into work and putting people into debt. “This is good for families, good for our economy and most of all, good news for children. It is a simple and effective change which will help put money in families’ pockets and make life easier for parents juggling work and childcare." Mr Hunt will deliver his Spring Budget in full on Wednesday, March 15, 2023.