An HGV driver was caught steering his car transporter with one elbow on a busy motorway. Police officers in were "shocked" to pull up alongside the car transporter and, in footage released today, can be heard saying: "Steering with the elbows. He's not in proper control, is he?"  The man continued to drive in this manner for around 20 seconds, seemingly unaware of the traffic officers beside him, until suddenly putting both hands on the wheel. Police then notified their colleagues travelling behind them on the M40 near Gaydon, Warwickshire, to pull the vehicle over. The brazen driver's offence was one of hundreds recorded in Operation Tramline, a five day operation by the Warwickshire Police Roads Policing Unit and National Highways, reports Birmingham Live. In total police stopped 75 vehicles and recorded 102 offences in their February operation. Officers used their elevated position in the HGV cab to spot unsafe driving behaviour. A number of shocking incidents that were spotted by police officers in the unmarked cabs were released by National Highways today, March 3, ahead of a week of action along the length of the M1. A lorry driver on the A46 in nearby Coventry, West Midlands, was caught using his mobile phone, while another motorist was also caught on camera holding up her mobile phone in her right hand as she drove along the motorway.  National Police Chiefs’ Council lead for roads policing operations, Commander Kyle Gordon, said: "We are pleased to be working with our key partner National Highways once again as we work to reduce the danger caused on one of our busiest roads, and beyond, by drivers who allow themselves to be distracted while driving. "Too many people are killed or seriously injured on our roads every year. My officers have to visit the families of those killed on our roads, 5 times a day, every day of the week and every month of the year. "I am very happy to support all initiatives that can help reduce these numbers."  National Highways head of road safety, Jeremy Phillips, said: "We are committed to reducing the number of people killed or seriously injured while travelling on our roads by 50 per cent by 2025 and we have a long term ambition for zero harm. "To achieve that we need to tackle the unsafe driving behaviour that we sadly still encounter. "Hundreds of thousands of drivers use our roads every day and the vast majority are sensible behind the wheel but some are putting themselves and others at risk. "Through this week of action we want to encourage motorists to think about their driving and to adopt safer behaviours. "But those who continue to pose a risk should be aware that we are working with our police partners to make sure they are spotted and prevented from causing serious harm to themselves or others."