The United States' rivals have come up with a four-year plan to counter America's military, an annual intelligence report has revealed. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence released its annual threat assessment on Wednesday. Washington warned about the threats posed by belligerent nations, such as China, Russia, North Korea and Iran. Addressing China's four-year plan, the report claimed: "Beijing is working to meet its goal of fielding a military by 2027 designed to deter US intervention in a future cross-Strait crisis. "The PLA Navy and Air Force already are the largest in the region and continue to field advanced platforms that improve China’s ability to try to establish air superiority and project power beyond the first island chain. "The PLA Rocket Force’s (PLARF) short-, medium-, and intermediate-range conventional systems probably already can hold US forces and bases in the region at risk." The report added: "Beijing is accelerating the development of key capabilities that it believes the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) needs to confront the United States in a large-scale, sustained conflict. "Beijing continues to bolster its domestic defence production capabilities for WMD and advanced conventional weapons using import substitution strategies." American intelligence leaders also told lawmakers about their concerns about China, branding Beijing the "most consequential threat" to US national security. Director of National Intelligence Avril Haines claimed Chinese President Xi Xinping had "surrounded himself with like-minded loyalists at the apex of the Party Standing Committee". READ MORE: Newly-wed couple left devastated after guests did not show for wedding The 53-year-old added: "In brief, the CCP represents both the leading and most consequential threat to US national security and leadership globally, and its intelligence-specific ambitions and capabilities make it for us our most serious and consequential intelligence rival." Her comments came after Beijing's Foreign Minister warned Washington should alter its "distorted" attitude towards China. Qin Gang said: "The United States' perception and views of China are seriously distorted. "It regards China as its primary rival and the most consequential geopolitical challenge. DON'T MISS: China adopting Russian tactics to sow disinformation in US [LATEST] China claims ‘invisible hand’ is stoking bitter war in Ukraine  [REVEALED] Beijing warns US-China 'heading for conflict and confrontation' [INSIGHT] "This is like the first button in the shirt being put wrong." Sino-American relations have deteriorated even further in recent weeks after a suspected Chinese spy balloon was shot down by US fighter jets. However, the recent intelligence report also included details about how other rival nations might act.