Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has accused the BBC of "caving in" to Tory MPs in the Gary Lineker row, saying the corporation's position is "the opposite of impartial". The Labour leader said the BBC had got it "badly wrong" after Lineker, 62, became embroiled in a row over impartiality for comparing the language used to launch a new Government asylum seeker policy with 1930s Germany on Twitter.   Speaking after Lineker was pulled from MOTD, Sir Keir told broadcasters at Welsh Labour's conference in Llandudno: "The BBC is not acting impartially by caving in to Tory MPs who are complaining about Gary Lineker. "They got this one badly wrong and now they're very, very exposed. "As is the Government, because at the heart of this is the Government's failure on the asylum system. And rather than take responsibility for the mess they've made, the Government is casting around to blame anybody else - Gary Lineker, the BBC, civil servants, the 'blob'. "What they should be doing is standing up, accepting they've broken the asylum system, and telling us what they're going to do to actually fix it, not whingeing on about Gary Lineker." Lineker has been under fire after he compared the Government's new migration policy to the tactics of Nazi Germany on social media. The Match of the Day host shared his thoughts on Government’s Illegal Migration Bill on Twitter. In a retweet of a Twitter video from the Home Office featuring Home Secretary Suella Braverman, he wrote: “Good heavens, this is beyond awful.” In a separate tweet, the former footballer said: “There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?” In his refusal to remove the tweet, Mr Lineker said he will continue to speak up for the “voiceless”. He tweeted: “Great to see the freedom of speech champions out in force this morning demanding silence from those with whom they disagree.”  Liberal Democrat leader Sir Ed Davey also waded into the row, and called on BBC chairman Richard Sharp to resign over the Lineker row. He said: "This saga has shown failure at the very top of the BBC and the dire need to urgently protect their independence. "We need leadership at the BBC that upholds our proud British values and can withstand today's consistently turbulent politics and Conservative bullying tactics. "Sadly, under Richard Sharp's leadership, this has not been the case: his appointment and position are now totally untenable and he must resign. "The BBC should be a champion of freedom of speech and must overhaul their current rules and judgment on impartiality. They can't continue to play by rules that are so one-sided. "The Conservative Government has systematically attacked and undermined the independence of our BBC. That's not in the best interests of our country and our democracy and Liberal Democrats will fiercely stand up against this." The BBC's schedule was ripped up today as several more presenters and reporters withdrew in solidarity with Lineker after the Match Of The Day presenter was stood down on Friday. Neither Football Focus nor Final Score survived on BBC One, while 5 Live's radio coverage was radically altered throughout the day. Former England internationals Alan Shearer and Ian Wright announced on Friday their boycott of this weekend's Match Of The Day. On Friday evening, several of the show's commentators shared a joint statement online, announcing they would be stepping down from Saturday's broadcast. A previous joint statement from Match Of The Day commentators, including Steve Wilson, Conor McNamara, Robyn Rowen and Steven Wyeth, said they did "not feel it would be appropriate to take part in the programme" given the current circumstances. Meanwhile, former Arsenal star and England player Alex Scott confirmed she would not host Football Focus, writing on Twitter: "I made a decision last night that even though I love my show and we have had an incredible week winning an SJA for football focus that it doesn't feel right for me to go ahead with the show today. "Hopefully I will be back in the chair next week." Kelly Somers also confirmed she would not be presenting any BBC show on Saturday, as well as pundit Glenn Murray who pulled out of appearing on Football Focus and Final Score on Saturday. The former Brighton striker tweeted: "Was meant to be up in Media City today but reflecting last night I felt it was the right thing to do to step away from Focus & Score today. "Hoping normal service resumes next week." Welsh presenter Jason Mohammad also confirmed he would not be hosting Final Score, tweeting: "As you know, Final Score is a TV show very close to my heart. "However - I have this morning informed the BBC that I will not be presenting the show this afternoon on BBC One." Football pundit Dion Dublin said "No 5live for me today" as a mark of solidarity with his BBC Sport colleagues. In a tweet, the former Aston Villa and Manchester United striker said: "In Solidarity with my BBC Sport colleagues NO 5live for me today!" Like Dublin, former Everton midfielder Leon Osman announced he would not appear on 5 Live's coverage as planned. He tweeted: "No BBC 5Live commentary for me today in support of my friends and colleagues". We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express