The BBC is facing a crisis, as there is now limited public support for the TV licence. An exclusive poll conducted by Techne UK for Express.co.uk asked UK adults: "Do you agree that people should still be forced to pay the BBC for a TV licence?" A total of 53 percent of people said No, while just 32 percent of people said yes. A further 15 percent said they don't know. Earlier this year, the Government announced the £159 licence fee will be frozen for the next two years but said its future is up for review. But the annual bill will continue until at least 2027 when the BBC’s royal charter is up for renewal. Options to replace it will include subscription models or linking it to another household bill. But previous attempts to find a new funding model have failed to get off the ground. Earlier this week, the broadcaster announced it will suspend the licence fee as a one-off for the King’s Coronation weekend, taking place later this year. The broadcaster said it is in "exceptional circumstances" that a temporary dispensation is granted. The event would need to be of "national importance" in order for the exception to be granted. The last time such an exemption was put in place was for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations in June 2022. The fee suspension will allow venues across the UK to screen the live coronation ceremony coverage on May 6, in addition to the coronation concert taking place at Windsor Castle the following day. One-off dispensations were also offered by the BBC for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s wedding - which took place in May 2018 - and the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral in September 2021. King Charles II's Coronation is the first to be staged in Britain for 70 years. It will see the monarch anointed and crowned by the Archbishop of Canterbury in front of more than 2,000 guests. The TV licence dispensation covers May 6 and 7. The Techne UK poll spoke to 1,633 adults between February 22 and 23. A spokesperson for the BBC said: "Longstanding, independent research - rather than snap polls with somewhat loaded questions - show the Licence Fee remains the most popular way of funding the BBC. "It is the agreed method of funding until at least 2027 and ensures the BBC is an independent, universal broadcaster, which invests in UK creativity and talent. "Beyond that, we are open minded about the future, and it is right there is a debate on whether the Licence Fee needs to evolve.”