Since her time in the Love Island villa, Faye Winter has stayed in contact with her fellow islanders and adopted new pup Bonnie. Speaking to Express.co.uk about her involvement in Crufts 2023, and the work she has been doing with Guide Dogs Charity, Faye also gave her verdict on this year's islanders and who she thought should have won the series. When asked if she had been watching the series, Faye admitted: "I've been watching bits and bobs of it. "But obviously I have just moved and I haven't got a TV yet which isn't ideal so I haven't caught up with this week." Revealing what she thought of the couples this year and who she thought was going to win, Faye explained: "I keep going through phases. "I really love Tanya [Manhenga] and Shaq [Muhammed] and then I really love Will [Young] and Jessie [Wynter]. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks "They are probably my favourites just because I feel like they have been through a lot and come out the other side." However, Faye's predictions were cut short after Will and Jessie were dumped from the villa on Sunday night. The islanders were asked to gather around the fire pit where three vulnerable couples Kai Fagan, Sanam Harrinanan, Jessie, Will, Lana Jenkins and Ron Hall stood in front of their fellow islanders. The three couples were all voted least compatible by their fellow islands, with the public having the final vote on who was booted. Unfortunately, it was Jessie and Will who were dumped from the island meaning their Love Island journey had come to an end. Speaking to Maya Jama on Love Island Aftersun, Will exclaimed: "[I feel] sad obviously, leaving the villa but hey I am leaving it with Jessie so, all in good spirits." Discussing what he thought of his fellow islands voting them as one of the least compatible, he joked: "Snakes the lot of them, I'm only playing." Jessie touched on their time in the villa and said: "It felt like we weren't even in the villa, he was my best friend from the start. Don't miss... Lisa Marie Presley snub in Oscars In Memoriam branded ‘disgraceful’ [LATEST] Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap [INSIGHT] Ke Huy Quan sobs as Oscars speech sparks outburst from Ariana DeBose [WATCH] "He was there for me straight from the start, he started as my best friend and is now my boyfriend. "He didn't mean to hurt me in Casa, and it made us so much stronger and made up open up and communicate with one another, it was worth it." According to bookmakers William Hill, Sanam and Kai's odds of winning the series stand at 2/7 after receiving an outpour of support from the public, supporting this relationship. Samie Elishi and Tom Clare follow closely behind with odds of 10/3, with Lana and Ron's odds sitting at 33/1. Shaq and Tanya are last in the odds line-up, sitting at 33/1 with many viewers branding their relationship fake. Tonight, in true Love Island tradition the islanders share their declarations of love to one another after the girls come back from their spa day. The winners of Love Island series nine will be crowned tonight by Maya Jama and will walk away with £50,000 in prize money. Love Island final airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2.