Chelsea have a world-class manager they could appoint straight away if they decide to sack Graham Potter. Reports claim Luis Enrique is keen to get back into management as soon as possible. Former Barcelona boss Enrique has only been out of work since December. He resigned from his role as Spain boss after a disappointing World Cup campaign in Qatar. He has been linked with the Chelsea job if Potter were to be relieved of his duties. Pressure is mounting on Potter after a run of just one win in 11 matches in 2023. Chelsea have scored just once in their last six games and sit 10th in the Premier League table. The Blues' owner Todd Boehly has spent over £600million on new signings in his two transfer windows in charge. READ MORE: Wrexham owner McElhenney makes plea after his team go top of the league  However, that has not resulted in performances on the pitch. Chelsea have been fully behind Potter until now but results surely have to pick up soon. If not, then Enrique could be a swift option to bring in. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano claims Enrique is desperate to return to club management. Writing in his column for CaughtOffside, Romano says the Spaniard is yet to speak to any clubs. But he doesn't want a long break after leaving his role with the national team. Enrique was in charge of Spain for four years between 2018 and 2022. He hasn't been involved in club football since leaving Barcelona in the summer of 2017. DON'T MISSArsenal told they already have their own Kante for Arteta in title bidArsenal stars' dismissive view of Saliba speaks volumes about incredible riseMan Utd face major Liverpool test even if Ten Hag masterminds Anfield win  He won the Champions League in 2015 with Barca as well as two La Liga titles and three Copa del Reys. Enrique previously managed fellow Spanish side Celta Vigo and had a year at Roma for the 2011/12 campaign. Chelsea will be aiming to start to turn their fortunes around when they host Leeds in the Premier League this Saturday. They will then attempt to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie against Borussia Dortmund next Wednesday. The Champions League is the only remaining trophy Chelsea could win this season. It is also likely to be their best route to entering next season's competition. Potter's side are 14 points behind Tottenham in fourth place following Sunday's loss to their London rivals. Matters were made worse for Potter when it was revealed this week that defender Thiago Silva will miss up to six weeks with a knee injury.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here