This week Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgley) will return to screens for season four, part two of You. Although part one seemingly concluded a major mystery, Nadia star Amy-Leigh Hickman teased a major nostalgia in the upcoming episodes.  When You season four, part one came to an end, the identity of Joe’s stalker was unveiled as Rhys Montrose (Ed Speelers). He was also identified as the Eat the Rich killer who was trying to pin the murders on Joe. Despite this, fans are convinced Rhys wasn’t working alone as he wasn’t present for Gemma's (Eve Austin) death in the country mansion. While season four premiered with a major twist for Joe, fans could be in for more surprises according to Nadia Farran star Amy-Leigh. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find   The actress dropped some major clues and even hinted at a possible return for season four part two. Amy Leigh teased: “There’s so many twists, but it's more like the old seasons of You, where all the questions are going to get answered. “There’s a lot of nostalgia that’s going to come back. “It’s so hard because there’s a twist every five minutes,” she added to Tim Lovejoy and Simon Rimmer on Channel 4's Sunday Brunch.   When Netflix released the trailer for part two, fans were sent into a major frenzy to see the return of Joe’s presumably dead wife, Love Quinn (Victoria Pedretti). At the end of season three, Joe had killed Love, faked his death and moved to France before tracing Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle) to London. While the part two trailer showed Rhys’ mayoral campaign, the biggest shocker of all came with Love’s jaw-dropping appearance. She was sitting on an armchair, in his infamous glass cage, surrounded by books and simply said: “Hi Joe.”  DON'T MISS...Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INSIGHT]You's Nadia star pays sweet tribute to co-star despite lack of scenes [INSIGHT]You's Phoebe 'exposed as Eat the Rich killer' in glaring clue [THEORY]  While fans are convinced Love somehow survived the poison and house fire, others believe Joe was hallucinating during the scene. Many think Joe will be riddled with guilt and be forced to face his past, which could spark Love’s return. She was sitting holding a copy of Rhys’ novel, A Good Man in a Cruel World, before looking up at him. The trailer also hints at more shocking events in part two as Nadia could be seen running for her life.  While Lady Pheobe (Tilly Keeper) looked shocked in a lift, with a frightened expression on her face. Elsewhere in the trailer, it looks as though Rhys and Joe form an unlikely partnership as Rhys states he wants a “friend, someone who shares my interests”. As Joe seems to still be obsessed with his neighbour Kate (Charlotte Ritchie) he also wants it to be “over”. Despite this, Joe was back to his old ways as he could also be seen digging up a grave. You season 4, part 2 premieres on Netflix on Thursday, March 9. 