 David Rizzio was the secretary for relations with France and a court favourite of Mary, Queen of Scots. But, having become deeply unpopular among the Scottish nobles, he was the target of a vicious attack which ultimately ended in his demise. A group of conspirators forced their way into the Palace of Holyroodhouse, entered Mary’s private apartments — where she was enjoying a meal with her closest confidantes — and murdered Rizzio. However, described as “one of the great unsolved mysteries,” where the royal aide was buried remains unknown.  The conspirators, led by Lord Ruthven and Queen Mary’s husband Henry, Lord Damley, who was said to be jealous of his wife’s friendship with her adviser and believed the pair may have been having an affair, held the Queen at gunpoint while Rizzio was seized. He was dragged out into an adjacent room, where he was killed with 56 stab wounds. His body was subsequently thrown down the stairs and stripped of jewels and fine clothes. The location of the murder is marked with a small plaque in the Audience Chamber, underneath which is a red mark on the floorboards, which was supposedly left when Rizzio was stabbed to death. Jan Bondeson, an author and scientist who has dedicated time to studying curious historical episodes, said: “One of the great unsolved mysteries of Edinburgh is where David Rizzio was buried.” In his 2020 book, Murder Houses of Edinburgh, he explained: “We know his mutilated corpse was thrown out through the window into the courtyard, carried into the porter’s lodge, and later buried by the door to Holyrood Abbey. But according to the old chronicler George Buchanan, Mary had him disinterred and reburied in one of the royal tombs, containing the remains of her father James V and his family.” READ MORE: 'The King's soul was in the room' — 7 of the most haunted royal residences  Mr Buchanan was a 16th-century Scottish historian and humanist scholar, once described as “the most profound intellectual 16th-century Scotland produced”. His recollection of the reburial was included in the 1827 book, The History of Scotland, which claimed Mary’s “first proceeding was to cause David’s body, which had been buried before the neighbouring church door, to be removed in the night, and placed in the tomb of the late King and his children”. He added that this “alone, with a few unaccountable transactions, gave rise to strange observations; for what stronger confession of adultery could she make, than she should equal to her father and brothers in his last honours, a base-born reptile, neither liberally educated, nor distinguished by any public service, and what was still more detestable that she should place the miscreant almost in the very embrace of Magdalene of Vallois, the late Queen.” James V, who reigned from 1513 - 1542, was the last monarch to die in Scotland until September 2022, when Queen Elizabeth II died at Balmoral Castle, Aberdeenshire, 480 years later.  He died in Falkland Palace, Fife, and was subsequently transported back to Edinburgh, escorted by a funeral cortege and accompanied by Cardinal Beaton, the Earls of, Argyll, Arran, Marischal, Rothes and other nobles. James was buried in Holyrood Abbey, alongside his first wife Queen Madeleine (Magdalene of Valois) and his two sons. And as Mr Bondeson pointed out, it has “long been” said that Rizzio was also buried there, “in an unmarked grave in the Abbey grounds”. However, in recent years, another version of events has “gained widespread credence”. On the east wall of Canongate Kirk, a Church of Scotland in Edinburgh's Old Town, there is a plaque “above a worn old gravestone, saying that this was the grave of David Rizzio”. Don't miss... Should Andrew be banned from wearing ceremonial robes at Coronation? [POLL] Princess Margaret's ex-husband had clandestine nickname for baby [INSIGHT] Harry and Meghan's Frogmore eviction will 'only make things worse' [LATEST]  It reads: “Tradition says that this was the grave of David Rizzio, transported from Holyrood.” The theory was accepted by Rizzio’s biographer David Tweedie, who in 2006 delved into the life and murder of Mary’s trusted advisor. But Mr Bondeson has claimed he “found a memorandum by a certain Dr [Robert] Sibbald (Physician to King Charles II and the first Geographer Royal), saying that when the vault was discovered and searched in 1688, it contained only the royal corpses of King James, Queen Magdalene, Lord Darnley, the Countess of Argyll and the King’s two sons, all in good order. There was no trace of David Rizzio.” Moreover, despite Mr Buchanan’s recollection, Bishop Lesly (an adviser of Mary Stuart) claimed there was evidence Rizzio had been buried “in the Porch of the Abbey Church”. His account of the burial in part contends with the original statement by the French Ambassador Paul de Foix, which merely stated he was given an “honourable burial in the [Holyrood] church, like if he had been a royal personage”. Similarly, a series of letters written by Sir William Drury, agreed that Rizzio was buried in another part of the church — not in the royal tomb. Mr Bondeson wrote: “With this evidence at hand, I would treat Buchanan’s version of the story as a falsification intended as a slur on Mary: there is good evidence that Rizzio was not buried in the royal tomb, and it would of course have been entirely out of character for Mary to have the low-born Rizzio buried in the tomb of her noble ancestors.” Referring to the plaque at Canongate Kirk, the author said: “It seems highly adventurous to count Rizzio among the worthies buried in Canongate Kirkyard, however, since it would involve the reinterment of the remains of a Catholic with no living friends in a Protestant kirkyard at least 120 years after his death.”  He added: “The tradition that Rizzio is buried at Canongate does not predate 1920 and the plaque connecting the gravestone with Rizzio is from the 1950s; it must be suspected that the story of his reinterment at Canongate is a hoax intended for more gullible tourists.” Concluding, the author said Rizzio’s most credible final-resting place was Holyrood Abbey, “as originally suggested by Paul de Foix, Bishop Lesly and Sir William Drury”. “In prolific Edinburgh mythology, I have no doubt that the tripartite ghost of Rizzio will continue to haunt the royal tomb at Holyrood and the spurious gravesite in the Canongate Kirkyard, being admired by gullible tourists,” he wrote. “But for the minority who prefer truth over make-believe, Rizzio is buried in the grounds of Holyrood Abbey, most probably in or near the porch at the west gate, as suggested by the Sibbald memorandum.” Jan Bondeson’s Murder Houses of Edinburgh was published by Matador in 2020 and is available here.