OnlyFans model turned boxer Elle Brooke has shut down the much-anticipated grudge match with fierce rival Astrid Wett. Fans had hoped that the pair would finally square off next after Wett defeated AJ Bunker at Misfits Boxing 5 on Saturday. However, Brooke claims she has no interest in going down in weight to face Wett, who she doesn’t believe is on her level. “I don’t want that fight because I don’t want to stoop to that level,” she told Boxing King Media. “But why am I going to get to 50kg? I don’t want that belt. Keep that belt. I don’t want to be 54kg. I’m actually alright, like I’ve got nothing to prove. I’m going to stay in my lane.” Wett is the current Misfits Boxing flyweight champion while Brooke competes at super lightweight. Acknowledging the weight difference but seemingly opening a door to the fight, Wett said during her post-fight interview: "I'm going to keep this belt, Elle I know everybody says you want it, but the weight is difficult. If you want the belt, you'll come down. If you win a belt, I'll come up. So, yeah. I'm happy with mine." Brooke recently laid out a three-fight hit list which didn’t include Wett. The 25-year-old named YouTuber JustAMinx, MMA fighter Zusje and most ambitiously of all former UFC bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey. Speaking first about the JustAMinx fight on the DAZN broadcast for Misfits 5, she said: “There’s good reason for this one. Someone ranked JustAMinx as the No 1 influencer boxer, I think it was the ICU and I’m like ‘hell no, I’m the queen. I will take that from her and prove that I am the best. That’s why she’s on my hitlist.” Brooke then called out Rousey, saying: “So, she’s my idol, I love her, and I think this is a fight that everybody wants to see. You have the Floyd Mayweather exhibitions and everything like that but no one has done Ronda Rousey and I think I can take her on. Not this year, maybe it’s going to be like a KSI and Jake Paul moment, it needs a moment. I need to train.” Don't miss... Paul sends Mayweather challenge after running from Miami altercation [LATEST] Froch tears into Lineker as feud escalates after being blocked  [LATEST] Eubank Jr left red-faced as Brit advised on new career after Smith KO [LATEST] After the Rousey fight, she named her third dream opponent, Zusje, who also has experience in MMA over in Poland with a 2-2 pro record. "Zusje. She is an MMA fighter, she’s big on TikTok, she has 10 million followers and I just want to take that away from her," Brooke added. So, I just want to reassert my dominance that I think I can take on this woman and that’s exactly what I want to do. I need this, my ego needs this.”