Oleksandr Usyk's promoter has blamed Tyson Fury for stalling negotiations with boxing's heavyweight title unification bout on the brink of collapse. Ever since 'The Gypsy King' eased past Derek Chisora in December, both fighters have insisted they want the clash, with Saudi Arabia initially billed as the favoured venue. However, when an agreement for the Middle East didn't materialise, Wembley suddenly emerged as the likely venue - to the delight of British boxing fans. A provisional date for the clash of April 29 was also confirmed. But tensions between the two camps became apparent last month, when Fury's co-promoter Bob Arum publicly told Usyk's team to "shut up" about proceedings, claiming they were talking too much about the saga. With little over seven weeks before the proposed bout though, time is running out for a deal to be struck. And now Fury, 34, has been accused of holding up matters by changing his financial demands. The British fighter, who was in Saudi last month to watch brother Tommy beat Jake Paul, has also gone strangely silent on developments. JUST IN: Jake Paul surpasses Deontay Wilder as wet dream blamed for Tommy Fury defeat Usyk's promoter Alex Krassyuk appeared on the talkSPORT White and Jordan show on Wednesday, and was asked about the latest in negotiations for the purse split. “We initially agreed for 50/50,” he claimed. “But then Tyson was asking for some bigger money. So we made it clear that we are ready to go 60/40, but the winner takes 60. That was our latest offer.” Pressed as to whether Fury had turned this proposition down, Krassyuk replied: “Yes, exactly.” Don't miss... Anthony Joshua hit with dedication dig over 'blue chip' sponsors  [LATEST] Ex-boxing champ 'sent to prison' for tax evasion and doping charges [LATEST] Benn accuses Eubank Jr of '£1m blackmail' as row turns ugly [LATEST] Krassyuk's claims come just a day after Frank Warren appeared on the same show, admitting the clash wasn't finalised: “You need the agreement of both boxers to make it happen and at the moment we haven’t got that, so that’s where we’re at.” Fans have already endured Fury v Anthony Joshua falling through late last year, with both camps left blaming each other. At the time, Fury insisted the fight could be no later than December 3, as he intended to face Usyk, 36, in February. 