Max Verstappen believes George Russell can follow in his footsteps and become a future F1 world champion as he agreed with the views of Lando Norris and Toto Wolff on the talented Mercedes driver.  Russell is gearing up for the start of his second season at Mercedes alongside his legendary teammate Lewis Hamilton. He outscored the seven-time world champion last year and sealed his first win in F1 at Interlagos, which proved the only race victory for the Silver Arrows in an otherwise miserable season. And Russell has admitted he is expecting a “challenging” start to the season with expectations low at Mercedes ahead of lights out at the Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend. Verstappen, meanwhile, is the overwhelming favourite to claim his third consecutive world crown with Red Bull widely tipped to build on last year’s success following impressive speed shown in testing. But while the irrepressible Verstappen is firmly the man to beat in F1, he believes Russell has the talent to achieve his own dream of one day becoming a world champion after following his progress closely from the pair's karting days. JUST IN: Verstappen gives his take on Hamilton's age and how it affects title "George is part of the generation with Lando and Charles and me that grew up together,” Verstappen explained to the Daily Mail, on the eve of the first race of the season. “I raced against George a bit in karting, though he’s a year younger. You could see straight away he was good. It came naturally to him — he didn’t need a lot of laps to be quick. He could jump straight in and battle at the front. “He has the potential to be a world champion. I haven’t spent too much time with him, but he is a good lad. He has just moved to Monaco, so I may see more of him from now on.” Of course, Russell’s main obstacle in pursuit of a maiden world title is indeed Verstappen, who may prove uncatchable once again in a high-performing Red Bull this season. It is conceivable that the Dutchman could go on to dominate the grid for a number of years yet, such is his relentless excellence and the strong position of his team. DON'T MISS But Russell’s close friend Norris declared last year that Russell could become the first man to break the dominance of Verstappen and Hamilton. "You could say George," he told talksport, when asked who will next win a title outside of the duo. And Mercedes team principal Wolff has every faith in his young driver after claiming last year that he would never have handed him his seat if he didn't have championship winning credentials. “George is a champion in the making and he was a champion in all the junior categories – in F3, F2, as a rookie,” he said last August. “We would have never put him in a Mercedes if we didn’t believe he can be a future world champion.”