Beyond Paradise is back with another instalment and the Death in Paradise spin-off sees Humphrey Goodman (played by Kris Marshall) and Martha Lloyd (Sally Bretton) throw themselves into work. As they attempt to distract themselves from their tragic loss, Humphrey investigates one of the strangest cases he's ever encountered. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about who is in the cast. Marvellous Harris is a grizzly boatman who helps Humphrey out with a favour. He is played by Phil Daniels, a 64-year-old English actor and singer. The star is best known for his roles in Quadrophenia, Scum and The Class of Miss MacMichael. Fans may also recognise him as Kevin Wicks in EastEnders and Grandad Trotter in the Only Fools and Horses prequel Rock & Chips. READ MORE: Beyond Paradise Humphrey and Martha detail 'emotional challenges' Humphrey and DS Esther Williams (Zahra Ahmadi) have some questions for Rosie Colbert. She is played by Ruth Madoc, in what was her last TV appearance before her death. The actress died in December 2022 at the age of 79. Ruth was best known for her role as Gladys Pugh in the BBC comedy Hi-de-Hi! Her other credits include Benidorm, Stella, Doctors and Casualty. Dorothy Trowman is played by Ella Kenion, a 53-year-old comedy actress who has appeared regularly on The Catherine Tate Show. Viewers may have also spotted her on sketch shows like We Know Where You Live and Swinging. One of her most notable performances was as Mrs Cakeworthy in The Green Green Grass. Matthew Colbert is played by Edward Rowe, a Cornish actor known for his lead role in the film Bait. The star also wrote and starred in the play Hireth about a Cornish miner. DON'T MISS... Beyond Paradise boss warns viewers will be 'sobbing in cornflakes'Beyond Paradise fans fume 'don't talk like that' over accent blunderKris Marshall plays tribute to 'wonderful' Beyond Paradise co-star Christopher Bromley is played by Dan Ball, who is known for playing Dan in The Special Without Brett Davis. His other credits include Mind Blown and Murder Maps.  Laura Colbert is played by Jaye Jacobs, a 40-year-old actress. She is best known for playing Donna Jackson in Holby City and Sian Diamond in Waterloo Road. From 2014 untiol 2018 she played Amber on CBBC's Millie Inbetween. Adam Avery is played by John MacNeil, whose latest role was as a security guard in His Dark Materials. Viewers may recognise him as Jacka Hoblyn from Poldark, or as various characters in Doc Martin. His other credits include The Bill, Rosamunde Pilcher and Rebecca.  Gavin Dixon is played by Joe Bone, who took his cinema-inspired one-man show, Bane, to the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. In 2018 Joe co-wrote the psychological thriller, Keepers. In terms of his acting roles, his credits include Endeavour, The Alienist and Castles in the Sky.  Beyond Paradise airs on Fridays on BBC One at 8pm.