The London Fire Brigade (LFB) was left with an estimated £1million expenses following the state funeral of Her Late Majesty and associated events. Graham Smith, the chair of the anti-monarchy group Republic, claimed it was "shocking" the Brigade had to foot the bill adding the Royal Household should cover the costs related to the funeral. He told NationalWorld: "Our public services have seen huge cuts over the past decade, yet now the LFB is expected to fork out a million pounds for the Queen’s funeral. "Why is the Royal Household not paying? Time and again the royals expect everything to be paid for by the hard-pressed public. "At the time of the Queen’s death, Charles avoided an inheritance tax valued at hundreds of millions of pounds – why wasn’t some of that used to cover the cost of the funeral? "It’s time the royals paid for their own public events, so the public can rest assured that our emergency services have the resources and funding to do their job." The LFB is normally funded by London's council taxpayers and through central government funding. The Home Office, as explained by the LFB in a statement, will provide funding against the costs it incurred for the funeral. A London Fire Brigade spokesperson told the publication: "When the Queen’s funeral took place, the eyes of the world were upon London. As the fire and rescue service looking after the nation’s capital city, we took pride in ensuring that Londoners, and its visitors, were kept safe. "We have recently received confirmation that the Home Office will provide funding against our costs. With this support the brigade’s spending comes to 0.065% of the total budget for 2022/23. READ MORE: Royal Family left 'appalled' by King's decision to evict Sussexes "The Queen’s funeral was a historic moment for London. We’re proud the brigade played its part in protecting the public and our communities. We look forward to supporting the King’s Coronation in May of this year and wish for a safe event." The financial report published by the LFB mentioned among the expenses some £330,000 on "subsistence, training and premises". The overtime for staff and the costs incurred through the bank holiday are also included in the reports, and placed at £670,000. The report, titled 'Financial Position as at the end of September 2022', is described as dealing with the LFB's strategic priority of "delivering excellence". Firefighters, inspectors, engineers, IT and communications staff at the Brigade played a huge role during the 10 days of national mourning that followed the Queen's death on September 8 and the day of the funeral. Among the duties undertaken by hundreds of LFB members was the auditing and inspection of buildings to minimise fire risk ahead of their use. The LFB also had to inspect floral tributes left by mourners in the royal parks and painstakingly plan how to respond to possible incidents across London within six minutes despite the street closures created by events linked to the mourning of the monarch. Event liaison officers were also available at various stages during the national mourning period, including at Guildhall, which hosted the City of London’s book of condolence. The LFB also supported the thousands of people who queueed for several hours to pay tribute to the Queen lying in state. The main queue stretched for up to 10 miles and reached a maximum waiting time of more than 24 hours. The lying in state at Westminster Hall lasted between September 14 at 5pm and September 19 at 6.30pm.