While the Bank of England Base Rate rests at a 14-year high, high street banks and building societies have been competing by offering higher interest rates across their own savings products. NatWest is currently offering regular savers a competitive Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 6.17 percent, and no minimum deposit is required. Commenting on the market, Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts, said: “Inflation is predicted to come down to around three percent in 2024, and based on today’s top rates, savers would be able to make a return on their cash.” However, she continued: “As it stands there is not one single standard savings account that can outpace the current rate of the Consumer Price Index (CPI). It is expected that variable interest rates will continue to improve due to competition and the consecutive Base Rate rises fuelling the market. “Savers who have not checked their existing rate would be wise to do, as not every provider has passed on each single Base Rate rise. “As the Bank of England Base Rate stands at four percent, it is vital consumers take time to compare the latest deals on the market and sign up to rate alerts for any table-topping rates.” READ MORE: Barclays issues warning after pensioner scammed out of life savings  Regular savings accounts can be a particularly lucrative option for those wanting to start building up a pot, as these typically offer higher interest rates and the terms generally encourage savers to pay money into the accounts monthly. Savers need to meet certain requirements on their respective accounts and they’ll earn interest on their savings on the basis they make minimal withdrawals and deposit regularly. Savers opting to invest with NatWest are being afforded an AER of 6.17 percent on savings up to £5,000. Once the account hits £5,000, a 0.65 percent rate will be applied to the rest. DON'T MISS:Pensions vs ISA - which is best for retirement [ANALYSIS]A third of Brits invested money last year - despite economic crisis [INSIGHT]'Best things' you can do to still be accepted for mortgage [EXPLAINED]    There is no minimum deposit required to open the account and it allows people to save up to £150 each month by standing order. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and interest is awarded monthly. The Royal Bank of Scotland, which is one of the retail banking subsidiaries of NatWest Group, is also offering the same terms on its Regular Saver. But while these accounts are offering particularly appealing rates, they don’t quite top the market leaderboard. Savers opting to invest with first direct, which is an online-based retail bank division of HSBC, are being afforded a seven percent AER on up to £3,600 per year. READ MORE: Stocks and Shares Isa savers scramble to beat Hunt’s tax grab  Interest is calculated daily and paid on maturity of the account exactly one year after opening. Savers can deposit between £25 and £300 per month in multiples of £5. Withdrawals are not permitted throughout the duration of the 12-month term. In the event of this, the account will have to close and interest will be paid up to the closure date at the Savings Account variable rate instead. The savings account is currently only available to Current Account holders, but those who switch banks will be awarded a free £175 if they use the Current Account Switching Service (CASS) and deposit £1,000 within three months of opening.  Nationwide BS’ Start to Save (Issue 2) is offering an AER of five percent. Interest is calculated daily and paid yearly on each anniversary of its opening, and those who regularly save between £25 and £50 per month will also be entered into a £250 prize draw with multiple winners. This is an instant access savings account, which means people can get access to their money whenever they need it. But, those who do withdraw may need to repay all or some of it back in during the same calendar month to be eligible for the prize draw. 