Aries (Mar21/Apr20) A decision needs to be made about something you want. This may be hard to achieve but if you really want it and focus your attention on it, know that it can be yours. Taurus (Apr21/May21) Someone with a powerful personality is starting to play too controlling a role in your life. Their energy is intense and you will begin to feel intimidated by them. Don't feel you can't break away from this situation. There is always a way. Look for it now. Gemini (May22/June21) You aren't certain you can trust someone. At least be honest with yourself about your feelings, your hopes and your goals. If someone who is close to you wants answers, be honest with them. Speak your truth for only then will there be no confusion and no misunderstandings. Cancer (June22/July23) To step forward you may need to let go of certain aspects of the past. You have had this chance before but you decided to stay put. It's hard and it can be painful to cut ties but this is what is keeping you from potential future happiness. Leo (July24/Aug23) You can't be expected to respond to an unexpected proposition immediately. Anyone with an ounce of common sense will know you will need to think it over. If someone is pushing you for an instant answer, this is a sign of how they are going to behave with you in the future. Virgo (Aug24/Sept23) A partner or friend who charged into a situation with you, with high hopes and lots of enthusiasm seems to have suddenly lost interest. Now the hard work has begun, they're finding excuses to leave it all to you.  Libra (Sept24/Oct23) A partner or close friend will be surprised when you insist on making some decisions. There is a reason for this and you may have to remind them that they have got into the habit recently of expecting you to go along with their suggestions. Scorpio (Oct24/Nov22) You've always been perceptive. People can sense this. The reason why someone close isn't giving you honest answers is because they are fearful, either consciously or unconsciously, that you can see into their soul. Sagittarius (Nov23/Dec21) There's a situation you aren't happy about. An older relative is telling you that now you have made your bed, you should lie in it. You can see where they are coming from but you disagree because you can also see a way out of an arrangement. Capricorn (Dec22/Jan20) If things have gone wrong for you and you feel a little lost, it's never too late to start a new way of life. Let go of the work, responsibilities and relationships that are exhausting you mentally and emotionally. Aquarius (Jan21/Feb19) Everything in the past has brought you to this point in time. Whether you are happy or sad, looking back on the past can be a healing experience as you realise exactly what you have got through, how much you have achieved and how you do have the strength to cope. Pisces (Feb20/Mar20) A confusing incident will not be easily resolved even though people will be looking to you for answers. You aren't sure you are the right person to take the lead in which case admit this immediately.