Isabel Oakeshott today warned Matt Hancock she has "nuclear weapons" and that he should not "poke the hornet's nest". The journalist is at the centre of a row about the leak of the former health secretary's WhatsApp messages. Mr Hancock gave the messages to Ms Oakeshott as they collaborated on his memoirs, but she subsequently handed them to the Telegraph which has sparked a flurry of stories based on the correspondence. Ms Oakeshott today insisted she does not want to get into a "war of words" with the West Suffolk MP. But she claimed she has bombshell revelations she could detonate if she is "pushed to it". Ms Oakeshott told The News Agents podcast: "I'm not going to get into a 'he said, she said' war of words with Matt about how he behaved towards me during or after that project. "There's plenty I could say, I'm not going to do that. "Insofar as possible I would like to make this not about him or about me, because it isn't. "We are so not going to get into the moral high ground, trust me.  "I'm not going to deploy nuclear weapons but I have them." Ms Oakeshott added: "He should not poke the hornet's nest." Podcast host Lewis Goodall pressed: "Because there are things you could say which would be very damaging to him?" Ms Oakeshott said: "Yes. I'm not going to do it. Not unless I'm pushed to it, I'm not going to do it. "Because this isn't about him. It's not about me, it is about everybody who suffered during the pandemic, all of us, we all need to know what happened." The journalist, who is a fierce lockdown critic, has staunchly defended her leak as in the public interest following a furious reaction from Mr Hancock. In a lengthy statement yesterday, she said: "Hard though it may be for him to believe, this isn't about Matt Hancock, or indeed any other individual politician. Nor is it about me. The greatest betrayal is of the entire country.  "We were all let down by the response to the pandemic and repeated unnecessary lockdowns. "Children in particular paid a terrible price. Anyone who questioned an approach we now know was fatally flawed was utterly vilified, including highly respected and eminent public health experts, doctors and scientists. "So far from being protected, the NHS may never recover, as millions of patients condemned to year-long waiting lists are discovering. "Meanwhile the economy is in smithereens. It is now essential that the public inquiry, set up almost two years ago, quickly establishes deadlines for its work and answers the urgent question about whether lockdown, with all its impacts, was proportionate. These issues must be addressed well before the next general election. "Against this backdrop, the Telegraph expose is clearly in the overwhelming public interest. The outpouring of support I and the paper have had from ordinary people who suffered - and are still suffering - the consequences of the mistakes we are exposing shows how desperately the nation wants answers. "I make no apology whatsoever for acting in the national interest: the worst betrayal of all would be to cover up these truths." But Mr Hancock said he was the victim of a "massive betrayal and breach of trust" after the disclosure of WhatsApp messages revealing the inside working of Government during the coronavirus crisis. The former health secretary said on Thursday: "I am hugely disappointed and sad at the massive betrayal and breach of trust by Isabel Oakeshott. "I am also sorry for the impact on the very many people - political colleagues, civil servants and friends - who worked hard with me to get through the pandemic and save lives." He said there was "absolutely no public interest case for this huge breach" because all the material used for his Pandemic Diaries book was given to the Covid public inquiry. Mr Hancock also denied Ms Oakeshott's claim that he sent her a "menacing" message after the leak first emerged on Tuesday night. He said: "I was accused of sending menacing messages to Isabel. This is also wrong. "When I heard confused rumours of a publication late on Tuesday night, I called and messaged Isabel to ask her if she had 'any clues' about it and got no response. When I then saw what she'd done, I messaged to say it was 'a big mistake'. Nothing more." 