Manchester United saw their hopes of qualifying for next season’s Champions League dented following a 0-0 draw with Southampton on Sunday. Casemiro received a straight red card on a difficult day at the office for Erik ten Hag and his side. Express Sport now takes a look at all the latest news surrounding the club, with Harry Kane and Jadon Sancho also featuring in our round-up. Manchester United won’t be appealing Casemiro’s red card, according to the Manchester Evening News. The Brazil international was dismissed against Southampton following a crunching tackle on Carlos Alcaraz, with the Red Devils then digging deep to claim a point. And United are now set to be without their midfield general for their next four domestic matches. Casemiro has also become the first player since Nemanja Vidic to be sent off twice in the same season. Vidic achieved that unwanted feat in the 2013/2014 campaign, picking up bans after reds against Chelsea and Liverpool. Man Utd takeover: Man Utd making plans for five players Kane is on United’s shortlist as they look to sign a new striker at the end of the season. According to The Athletic, however, Tottenham are not even contemplating a possible sale of their talisman. Spurs want to keep Kane and have held early discussions about renewing the striker’s contract, though nothing is advanced. Kane will have just a year left on his contract come the end of the season. However, what ultimately happens concerning the England international is something only time will tell. DON’T MISS Qatar makes three promises as they eye Man Utd takeoverWhat Man Utd players think about Ten Hag’s treatment of SanchoBenni McCarthy salary decision at Man Utd speaks volumes Speaking after United’s draw with Southampton, Ten Hag praised Sancho for the way he performed in a No 10 role. “I think he did quite well as a number ten," said the 53-year-old. "Like he did against Barcelona and Leicester. He was really decisive against Leicester and also today with some really good actions. “One time, he was really close to the goal with a run at the defending line and a cross to Bruno almost came there. He did a good job." When asked if Sancho has improved the physical impact of his game, Ten Hag then added: “I think he can, I think he can make the difference when we play three against two in the midfield. And that is not bad when you have Casemiro and Bruno and you have Jadon Sancho.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag also moved to allay fears over Alejandro Garnacho, who was spotted on crutches after the Southampton stalemate. “He was a little bit limping after the bad tackle,” said the Dutchman. “In the end they brought on another striker, a big and tall one [Paul Onuachu] and I don't want to go for risk, we were already downsized to 10 [men]. “I didn't want to go with players who were [just] 90 per cent. “That's why I called him off but I think it is not too bad.” Goalkeeper David De Gea hailed United for earning a draw against Southampton, insisting they showed great ‘spirit’ to emerge from the showdown without losing. “Before the game, we wanted to win three points, but the game changed when Case (Casemiro) got sent off,” said the Spain international. “It was very tough, but I think the team did well. “We defended and then I think we had a couple of good chances to score a goal and win the game. “We could have lost the game, we could have won the game. At the end, we have to take the point and it shows great team spirit, how we fought to the end.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE