Eamonn Holmes, 63, shared how he is putting in hard work to retrain his balance after he suffered a fall last year. The GB News host shared a photo on Instagram of himself last weekend with his eyes closed. The ex-This Morning star gave his 767,000 followers an insight into how he was doing health wise, with his wife Ruth Langsford soon spurring him on. He practised standing on one leg with his eyes shut to regain control of his balance, after recently needing a wheelchair. Eamonn, 63, posed for a photo in a gym and said: "Training with my eyes closed. "It's all about regaining my balance. Hard work made harder balancing on one leg." READ MORE: Eva Longoria and Salma Hayek lead stars in jaw-dropping Oscars looks Ruth then posted an encouraging message, writing beneath his photo: "Keep going x." alongside four hand-clapping emojis. Eamonn’s fans also shared their best wishes as they flocked to the comment section. One said: “Looking good Eamonn.” A second remarked: “Sending strength and love.” While a third typed: “You got this Eamonn.”The TV host was forced to undergo an operation last October. Two weeks into his recovery he fell backwards down the stairs at the Weybridge home he shares with Ruth. Last month he was spotted in a wheelchair as he left Wembley Stadium where he watched his team Manchester United beat Newcastle. DONT MISS:Oti Mabuse distracts Dancing on Ice viewers with eye-popping outfit (PHOTOS)David Beckham was not Sacha Baron Cohen's first choice for Ali G chat (NEWS)Megan Fox puts on very busty display at Oscars after party (LATEST) After months off-screen Eamonn started making his return to TV in January, admitting he was struggling with staying indoors. Recalling his horrific injuries, he said: "Suddenly it was as if someone had shot my left knee from behind. "It literally collapsed without any warning. “I was on a curve of the stairs, and I just went back down the stairs, boom, boom, boom down the whole staircase until I hit the stone floor in the hallway.  "Blood was pouring out my mouth, and a bone was sticking out my shoulder." Eamonn added to the Daily Mail: "Ruth came rushing down the stairs. “She kept saying, 'You're fine, everything's okay, you're fine.' I said, 'Ruthie, there is a bone sticking out of my shoulder — I'm not fine'." He was then left with a four-hour wait after Ruth called for an ambulance.