Arsenal were shellshocked as Bournemouth took the lead at the Emirates after just nine seconds when Philip Billing's finish gave the visitors a very early lead in north London. From the kick-off, the midfielder waltzed into the Gunners' defence and tapped past Aaron Ramsdale to stun the home supporters. The Premier League have confirmed that the goal went in at 9.1 seconds, making it the second-fastest recorded in the competition's history as Mikel Arteta was left stone-faced and his frustrations were made clear. Dango Ouattara danced down the right flank before his low cross caused confusion between the Arsenal defenders as they failed to clear the ball before the Danish midfielder was able to fire past Ramsdale and potentially deliver the Gunners a blow in their title hopes after Manchester City defeated Newcastle 2-0 in the early kick-off on Saturday. The goal was originally said to have gone in after 11 seconds, but data provider Opta then updated to confirm that the goal went in at nine seconds, though it is still not the quickest in league history.  Tottenham hero Ledley King held the record for 18 years after his strike from distance against Bradford City in 2000 flew into the back of the net after just 9.83 seconds, though it was beaten in 2019. Southampton striker Shane Long notched in an astonishing 7.69 seconds to open the scoring against Watford in a 1-1 draw when he charged down a clearance and pounced on the loose ball before finishing past Ben Foster. DON'T MISSRoy Keane and Ian Wright disagree on Arsenal and Man Utd target RiceArsenal want to sign three players and Rice as summer plans emergeArsenal to sell two players in summer and Arteta could axe three more  Arsenal icon Paul Merson could not believe what he witnessed and initially thought that the goal went in after seven seconds, which may have broke the league record. "I am going seven seconds, I am not exaggerating," Merson told Sky Sports. "Arsenal back off and back off Billing puts it in from three yards..." Arsenal were then hit by more bad news as January signing Leandro Trossard was forced off after 22 minutes with an injury, as he was replaced by the returning Emile Smith Rowe. 