A woman who attacked two neighbours in their own garden with a bag containing vodka has been fined £40. Claudia Carrington, 22, who a court was told has a history of drink-related violence, swung the bag at two women, aged 61 and 51, striking one of them. The case was brought before Tameside Magistrates' Court in Greater Manchester. She admitted common assault and was ordered to undertake 20 days of rehabilitation active with probation as part of a nine-month community order, the Manchester Evening News reported. Carrington will pay £180 costs with the rest of the bill footed by the taxpayer. Magistrates were told Carrington, who lives in Clayton in north Manchester, has previous convictions for two common assaults in 2013 and an offence of violence in 2014. She was arrested in 2021 following the altercation with her former neighbours in Oldham, Greater Manchester. Gareth Hughes, prosecuting, said the neighbours were "doing some work in the garden" and one was sitting on a chair. He said: "There was Ring doorbell footage, though it is brief and it just shows the defendant entering into an altercation with them. She has a shopping bag containing a bottle of vodka. She has swung that and it makes contact with one of the victims.   "You can also see on the footage that a number of times she raised her hands to two of the victims and struck them. But rather than a slap, it was more pushing their hands away and striking their arms with her arms, an open palm making contact with the forearm. Carrington's solicitor, James Riley, said she had been to court on 10 occasions as the case progressed through a series of adjournments. He said: "It has had a torturous passage through the courts. We did in fact have a trial that started but during the course of cross-examination, it became clear that there was some more Ring doorbell footage and CCTV footage that would assist the courts. "The defendant has been hanging around waiting to come to court and she has been to court 10 times with this case. Eventually, the Crown accepted what the defence had already submitted at an early stage." He added: "She accepted that her actions did not amount to self-defence. It did amount to an assault, but only just.  "I invite you to resist the application for compensation. There is a little bit of a contribution from the complainants to the whole scenario, albeit the defendant does accept her responsibility and remorse for her actions. "She had an awful and traumatic childhood and mental health issues have been a factor in her offending. She does have a tendency to binge drink.'' Sentencing, chairman of the bench Alex Walker told Carrington: ''We think that work with the probation service is important for you and we do not think that compensation is appropriate given the nature of the offence as described to us. "This was a neighbour dispute and you have since moved out of the area. It is not necessary or proportionate to impose restraining orders." 