Omid Scobie, the co-author of an unofficial but flattering biography of Meghan and Harry, criticised the reported decision taken by Buckingham Palace to take away Frogmore Cottage from the Duke and Duchess of Sussex. With this alleged move, King Charles is depriving Harry and Meghan of the "only sufficiently secure refuge" they have in Britain, the co-author of Finding Freedom claimed. In an op-ed he penned for Yahoo! News, the journalist said: "With the Sussexes’ still unable to access royal police protection when in the UK, there is just one remaining space that meets the family of four’s security needs when visiting — Frogmore Cottage. "Just five minutes walk from Windsor Castle, and ensconced within the Metropolitan Police-led ring of steel surrounding the Windsor Estate, the couple’s British home has become Harry, Meghan, Archie and Lilibet’s only sufficiently secure refuge in the country since their access to armed police protection was taken away in 2020." Having access to Frogmore Cottage, made it easier for the Sussexes to attend the celebrations for Queen Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee in June last year, Mr Scobie added. The decision to evict the pair, who in September 2020 repaid the £2.4million taken from the Sovereign Grant in 2018 for the refurbishment of the ten-bedroom cottage, had been described by Mr Scobie as a "crushing blow" dealt to Harry, and signals just how "sour" the relationship between Charles and his second son has turned, Mr Scobie said. Commenting on the decision, the journalist reported a friend of the couple saying: "It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. It’s like [the family] want to cut them out of the picture for good." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were initially given just weeks to fully vacate Frogmore Cottage, but they were later told they will have access to the cottage until early summer, another source reported by Mr Scobie added. This would allow Meghan, Harry and their children to stay at the Windsor property if they decide to travel back to England for the Coronation of King Charles in May. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have not yet confirmed whether they will attend the historic event. READ MORE: Coronation chair gets a revamp as hidden detail shows past Prince Harry and Meghan have not yet officially commented on the report of the eviction. But Mr Scobie seemingly confirmed details first reported by The Sun, claiming the couple were informed of this decision in January, a few days after the publication of the Duke's tell-all memoir Spare. The California-based royals were reportedly told the property was needed by someone else, who the Sun has identified as Prince Andrew. The news stunned the Duke and Duchess and "appalled" at least "two members of the Royal Family", Mr Scobie claimed. As noted by Mr Scobie, Harry and Meghan lost their taxpayer-funded security at the end of March 2020. In September, the Duke of Sussex brought legal action against the Home Office following a decision taken in February 2020 not to grant him automatic armed police protection whenever he and his family are on British soil. Meghan and Harry were last in the UK in September, a trip they initially undertook to take part in a few events linked to charities close to their heart. Following the death of Elizabeth II, they prolonged their stay and remained in England - and based at Frogmore Cottage - until the day after her funeral service on September 19.