The state pension is issued to millions of people, and often viewed as the bedrock of retirement. Those who receive it will have vastly different circumstances from one another and may receive different amounts. However, all pensioners can look forward to the return of the triple lock, which will deliver a sought after boost. In particular, married women can look out for an important change which may be delivered to their sum from next month. At present, the state pension is split into two tiers - the older scheme known as the basic state pension, and the other scheme the “new” state pension. The basic state pension is available to women born before April 6, 1953 and men born before April 6, 1951. READ MORE: State pension will undergo six key changes from next month Amongst these “basic” state pension recipients, there is one particular group of women who have received an important update relating to how much they can expect to receive. This is for those who are in receipt of the Married Woman’s Pension - available to those on the basic state pension. The full basic state pension is set to rise from April 2023 onwards, from £141.85 to £156.20 per week. The Married Woman’s Pension is linked to the basic state pension, and is 60 percent of the full rate. DON'T MISSPensioners may be able to secure 12 'freebies', discounts and top-ups [INSIGHT]Pensioners with arthritis or joint pain could get up to £407 [ANALYSIS]‘Furious’ WASPI women ‘dig deep’ for new challenge [LATEST] As a result, women on this lower pension, sometimes referred to as category B, currently get £85.00 per week. However, from next month onwards, the sum will increase to £93.60 weekly. This is a 10.1 percent rise in line with September 2022’s CPI inflation figure, which has been implemented as the triple lock makes its return. The triple lock ensures the state pension rises each year by whichever is the highest of 2.5 percent, inflation or average earnings. As a result, those who receive this rate can expect to secure £374.40 worth of support per month. This rises to approximately £4,867 per year. People who are not receiving the full sum or who are not eligible for the basic state pension could get the “top up” known as the Married Woman’s Pension. Married women will need to contact the Pension Service to receive the top up if: What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Until April 1977, married women could opt to pay a lower rate of NI contributions, known as the ‘small stamp’, according to USDAW. However, a recent investigation has shown not all married women are receiving the state pension to which they are entitled. A DWP error which has now been identified means some women are missing out. The Department will endeavour to contact these women, however, some may wish to take action by contacting the Pension Service about the matter. A DWP spokesperson previously told Express.co.uk: “The action we are taking now will correct historical underpayments made by successive governments. We are fully committed to addressing these errors, not identified under previous governments, as quickly as possible. "We have set up a dedicated team and devoted significant resources towards completing this – alongside publishing gov.uk guidance for next of kin – with further resources being allocated throughout 2023 towards the underpayments exercise.”