Sky Sports Soccer Saturday host Jeff Stelling left fans and fellow pundits in stitches with his joke following the news that Gary Lineker was forced to step back from hosting Match of the Day. The BBC man will not host Saturday's programme after refusing to apologise for his tweet criticising the government's new asylum policy. Stelling has previously shown his support alongside the footballing community and wider that has backed Lineker for standing up for his beliefs, though could not resist cracking a joke live on air. "I need to be at the top of my game today because there's a top-notch football presenter available on Saturdays now," Stelling said as his remark was met with a chorus of laughs in the studio. Social media users also enjoyed his comment, joking that Lineker could take his job. One viewer praised Stelling and labelled him a "legend" for the joke. "The legend that is Jeff Stelling," @WReallfriends said. While @samgoldman91 added: "Jeff Stelling’s opening line as perfect as expected on Soccer Saturday." MUST READ Premier League stars told Match of the Day interviews ditched [LATEST] Stelling has offered Lineker his support by lashing out at the criticism that the Match of the Day host has received. "Shame to hear a journalist @matthewsyed not supporting freedom of speech re @GaryLineker," Stelling wrote on Twitter. "I was brought up to believe it was fundamental that every journalist should believe in that. But it seems freedom of speech for some, not all." Following the news that Lineker was forced to step back from his BBC duties, Ian Wright and Alan Shearer led those joining the former England striker. While Saturday's programme will not feature any in-studio punditry and Football Focus, Final Score and BBC 5 Live Radio Sport have also been taken off Saturday's programming.  Don't miss... John Cleese urges 'throw the BBC board out' over Gary Lineker row [INTERVIEW] Every BBC presenter to join boycott after Gary Lineker axed from MOTD [REACTION] Alex Scott refuses to present forces BBC to 'cancel' Football Focus [LATEST] Stelling also praised Arsenal hero Wright for being one of the first of Lineker's colleagues to confirm that they would not be in attendance on this week's edition of MOTD, as Stelling replied to Wright's tweet with "Well played Wrighty". While the likes of Alex Scott, Jason Mohammad, Kelly Somers, Micah Richards, Jermaine Jenas, Mark Chapman, Dion Dublin, Glenn Murray and Leon Osman are among the names to confirm that they will not be appearing on the BBC following their treatment of Lineker. BBC Radio 5 Sport are re-running recorded content in place of their live coverage of football on Saturday, as Colin Murray's Fighting Talk show also did not go ahead as the radio station's schedule was forced to be altered. 