Netflix has officially confirmed that its tennis documentary series Break Point has been renewed for a second season, which will drop in 2024. It comes after part one of season one was released in January, with a further five episodes dropping in June which are expected to cover last year's Wimbledon tournament as well as Carlos Alcaraz's historic run to the US Open title and world No 1 ranking. The streaming service's golf series Full Swing has also been renewed Netflix has confirmed that both Break Point and Full Swing will return for their second seasons next year. Following the success of Drive To Survive, the streaming platform released tennis and golf documentaries this year, focusing on a series of athletes competing on their respective tours. Whille Full Swing was released in its entirety on February 15, part one of Break Point dropped on January 13 focusing on last year's Australian Open, Indian Wells, Madrid Open and French Open with part two set to be released in June with Wimbledon and the US Open covered - which is expected to follow Alcaraz becoming the first teenage Grand Slam champion in 17 years. “These shows quickly appealed to core fans of golf and tennis, and also recruited brand new fans from all around the world,” said Brandon Riegg, Vice President, Unscripted and Documentary Series, Netflix following the announcement of the renewal of both programes. Just in Federer replaced as tennis idol as starlet explains new preference [LATEST] “Like so much of our growing sports slate, the compelling characters, competitive stakes, and vibrant storytelling reveal sides of the game you've never seen before, and we're excited to follow the unpredictable turns of the year ahead," he added. A press release confirming the renewal of both documentaries says that Break Point "follows a select group of top tennis players on and off the court as they compete in the biggest and most grueling events in tennis with hopes of emerging as champion and even bigger dreams of becoming world number one." Don't miss... Coco Gauff 'breaks down' practice partner as teen eyes Indian Wells [ANALYSIS] Biden sent strong message over 'Djokovic ban' that's costing US £67bn [UPDATE] Sam Smith slammed by tennis star Nick Kyrgios over ‘fisherthem’ remark [LATEST] The likes of former world No 2s Casper Ruud and Ons Jabeur were profiled in the first half of season one, with the Norwegian's run to the French Open final covered alongside rival Felix Auger-Aliassime's second-week appearance, with both men going on to lose to Rafael Nadal. Jabeur's run to the Madrid Open title also featured, with the Tunisian's maiden Grand Slam final appearance at Wimbledon also likely to be covered in part two. And there is already one star all but guaranteed to appear in season two next year as Holger Rune revealed that he had started filming at this year's Australian Open.