Benidorm, one of Spain’s most popular holiday destinations, is preparing for a busy Easter. Officials in the resort have said some hotels may even sell out. Hotel bosses in the sunny resort have said that 60 percent of rooms are already booked for Easter. They expect this to rise as high as 90 percent or even higher as the Easter holiday period draws closer. The weather is expected to be warm and sunny in current forecasts with a minimum temperature of 20 degrees. Easter marks the first major holiday of 2023 and will be the first test for the resort’s popularity. READ MORE: Travel expert explains the five foods to avoid before a flight The region’s hotel association, Hosbec, said that Benidorm has a good amount of reservations. General secretary, Nuria Montes, said: “A large part of the international market is the one that reserves most in advance. “The next few months will increase the number of reservations by the Spanish market. If it is confirmed that the weather will be good, with temperatures of 20 degrees as usual, we will have a very good Easter.” The president of the Alicante Provincial Hotel Association, Luis Castillo, said that some hotels had already posted “full signs”. Don't miss... DEAL OF THE DAY: Fly to New York from £1 with incredible BA offer [DEAL] Safest city in the world for women is ‘really beautiful’ [LATEST] Cheapest destination for a summer holiday named [INSPIRATION] Castillo said the busiest dates were those over the Easter weekend, from Thursday through to Monday. At the moment, tourism officials in the resort are expecting 2023 to be the year the resort returns to peak visitor numbers. Like many holiday resorts, Benidorm had a difficult couple of years during the pandemic with a huge drop in tourists. The Spanish resort is favoured by British tourists and has previously been crowned the most ‘British’ place in Spain. READ MORE: Best staycation destination to spot UK wildlife named Made famous by the popular ITV show, Benidorm has a huge number of British pubs, bars and restaurants. The Spanish resort also has a sizable expat community and celebrates British holidays, such as St George’s Day. When King Charles III is crowned in May there are likely to be parties and celebrations in Benidorm. Sometimes known as the city that never sleeps, Benidorm has a lively nightlife scene and clubs often stay open until the early hours. Although there are still rooms available, British tourists might want to get their skates on if they want to spend Easter in Benidorm. Alicante, a nearby resort, is also reporting strong booking numbers for the peak Easter holiday period. The average daily temperature in Benidorm in April is 21 degrees although it can be as low as 12 degrees. Temperatures soar between June and August and July is usually the hottest month of the year in the Spanish resort. Additional reporting by Rita Sobot