Jeremy Clarkson is best known for his TV roles on Top Gear and The Grand Tour but his newest show has quickly become equally as popular with fans. Clarkson's Farm has documented the life of the motoring expert since 2019 when he embarked on a mission to transform 1,000 acres of land tucked away in a small market town in the Cotswolds. Now living close by, here's a look inside the millionaire's home. The 62-year-old has amassed an estimated personal fortune of £55million, with both Amazon and ITV reportedly paying him a combined £13million each year. With an impressive net worth built over his 35-year career, Jeremy Clarkson has spared no expense in building the perfect family home close to his famous Diddly Squat farm. Despite buying the land back in 2008, Jeremy only recently completed the bulk of his plans for the farm and his home in Oxfordshire. The popular farm shop can be found in Chadlington, a quaint village in West Oxfordshire nestled on the northern slopes of the Evenlode Valley with Chipping Norton to the north. READ MORE: ‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ Nearby is the Top Gear star's impressive mansion which was built from scratch in place of the old farmhouse. The new property is located on the site of Curdle Hill Farmhouse, a £4million five-bedroom property dating back around a century ago to the early 1900s. Jeremy purchased the period building as part of the estate in 2012 though always had the plan to build his dream home on the lot. Along with his fellow motoring presenters Richard Hammond and James May, the Clarksons' Farm star blew up the house in 2016 on the Amazon Prime TV show The Grand Tour. Now, the property boasts modern interiors and plenty of space for relaxing. DON'T MISS...All Harry and Meghan's £2.4m Frogmore changes [INSIGHT]Home renovations that could ‘maximise’ the value of your property [REVEAL]Easy DIY methods to make a small kitchen ‘look bigger’ [HOW TO] Approved plans for the new home claimed it would be "a modest country house/gentrified farmhouse which gives the appearance of having grown over time". From the snippets shown to fans of Jeremy enjoying his new pad after years of construction, the property does not disappoint inside. Reportedly filled with unique features like a basement cinema and five bathrooms, the Diddly Squat mansion boasts a classic country-style interior. Jeremy has featured his modern, open-plan kitchen on several occasions while promoting his farm produce on Instagram. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'resisting' Frogmore move as he doesn't want to downsize A large white marble island counter spans almost the width of the room, decorated with glass vases and bright bouquets of flowers. Modern ceiling lights hang over the space which is surrounded by stools to double up as a breakfast bar. Floor-to-ceiling storage fills across one wall, with a cosy sofa covered in neutral-toned cushions in the centre of the large room. A dark wood dining table can also be seen in the kitchen, suggesting that Jeremy and his partner Lisa Hogan enjoy socialising while cooking, eating and drinking. Cream, pastel green and duck-egg blue shades are used throughout the kitchen and on the walls for a modern yet classic feel. White sash windows and doors are used throughout the enormous mansion to allow uninterrupted views of the acres of greenery around the house. While the house appears to be in keeping with traditional properties that stood before the mansion, not everyone agrees with the custom home. Property and mortgage expert Lewis Shaw, of Shaw Financial Services in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, told the MailOnline: "This new pad looks exactly like its owner - a wannabe gentleman but without the history, breeding or elegance, and empty of intellect and panache."