The Met Office has issued a warning for "severe cold weather with icy conditions and heavy snow" which comes into place in a matter of hours. "This weather could increase the health risks to vulnerable patients and disrupt the delivery of services," the forecaster says. It says the cold spell has triggered its level 2 cold weather alert which urges people to be prepared and ready for disruption.    The alert, which is in place for England, will cease on Sunday, March 5, but is likely to extend with a cold forecast predicted for next week. In a statement it says: "High pressure is expected to become displaced towards Greenland with a cold north to north-easterly airflow becoming established across the whole of the UK during next week. "There is the potential for some wintry hazards from frequent snow showers or prolonged spells of snow in places, with low pressure near the North Sea, with impacts more likely across windward coasts in the north and east. "Atlantic frontal systems may push into the south and southwest at times, more likely from mid-week, which may bring the threat of disruptive snow - low confidence at this stage." The alert is two away from a national emergency and warns people to keep their eyes on vulnerable and elderly loved ones who may be susceptible to increased health risks caused by cold weather. "Prolonged periods of cold weather can be dangerous," it added, "especially for older people, those with underlying health conditions, and young children." People have been told to stock up on foods and medicines to avoid the need to go out during periods of sub-zero temperatures. And it also says homes should be heated to at least 18C, as a benchmark. READ MORE: UK snow maps show date 3ins to be dumped on Britain in -8C deep freeze In its long-range forecast for March, the Met Office has revealed the growing risk of snow and plummeting conditions. From March 6 to 15 it says: "This period is expected to be characterised by winds from the north bringing cold conditions to most areas. "This will most likely result in wintry showers across northern and eastern areas, these turning to more organised bands of snow at times. "Under this regime, many other areas are likely to remain dry with some sunshine, the best of this across inland areas and in the south and west of the UK. "During the later part of the period confidence decreases significantly, however there is a risk of some milder and wetter weather pushing into the south from the Atlantic, meaning spells of rain will become more likely across the country. Temperatures overall will be below average but may gradually trend up through the period." In terms of how long this sub-zero snap is set to last, forecasters say confidence decreases as the month goes on. From March 16 to 30 it adds: "Confidence remains very low during this period. "It's likely to be drier further north apart from occasional late season wintry showers, while with rain and strong winds are likely in the south. "These milder conditions may extend north at times, but it's likely that the cold weather will then extend south to all parts through late March, bringing drier conditions to many western regions. "Temperatures overall will likely be below normal, but milder in the south through the middle of March and perhaps beyond."