Priscilla Presley recently questioned the "authenticity and validity" of a 2016 amendment made to Lisa Marie's will. The change would see her replaced as an overseer of her daughter’s estate by her grandchildren Riley and Benjamin Keough. Now, new reports claimed that Riley changed the locks on a recent trip to the iconic Graceland mansion, leaving Priscilla unable to gain access. However, a spokesperson for the estate has since clarified to MailOnline: "These reports are entirely untrue. No locks at Graceland have been changed since Lisa Marie’s passing." Lisa Marie Presley died of a cardiac arrest on January 12, aged 54 - just two days after an appearance at the Golden Globes which honoured Baz Luhrmann's film tribute to her late father. Since the will amendment was made, Benjamin died in 2020, leaving 33-year-old Riley as the sole trustee of the will. READ NOW: Star Trek's William Shatner says 'I don't have long to live' Following Priscilla's filing, it was claimed that she and Riley "aren't communicating", leaving the latter "heartbroken" to be dealing with such a dispute. The former home of musical legend Elvis Presley boasts 23 rooms surrounded by almost 14 acres of land. Purchased with the riches acquired by the Suspicious Minds star during his phenomenally successful career, it is known by music fans around the world. However, it also has huge personal significance for members of the family, as the grounds now contain the graves of Elvis, Lisa Marie and her son Benjamin. Just two days before her death, Lisa Marie had cheered on Austin Butler at the Golden Globe Awards, after he portrayed her father in the recent biopic Elvis. Lisa Marie was also seen the previous weekend on the date of what would have been Elvis' 88th birthday. She poignantly told her fans as they gathered to celebrate the occasion that they were "the only people who can bring me out of the house". In a speech to the crowd waiting outside her late father's Memphis estate, she explained: "It's been a while. I've missed you. I love you... and that's why I'm here." Elvis had died at the mansion back in 1977, at the age of just 42. Express.co.uk has contacted Priscilla and Riley's representatives for comment. 