Kate Middleton, 41, and Prince William, 40, had a meeting with Crown Prince Haakon, 49, and Crown Princess Mette-Marit of Norway, also 49, to discuss green energy, the environment and more at Windsor Castle. Three of the royals dressed in matching colours, but one royal did not. The Princess of Wales looked very striking in a bespoke Burberry single-breasted blazer in green. She paired this with a bespoke Burberry silk crepe de chine tie-neck blouse in green. This blouse retails from Burberry for £850 but with the addition of front pockets which Kate appeared to remove. The Princess's trousers matched her Burberry blazer perfectly in the exact same shade of green. READ MORE: Meghan was 'very humble' before she 'had to cull' friends Therefore, it is highly likely that Kate wore Burberry trousers also. In contrast, Prince William did not match his outfit with Kate, but instead wore a navy blue suit with a bright red tie. This is likely because the Norwegian flag contains the colours blue and red, and the Prince of Wales was attempting to show solidarity with the Crown Prince and Princess from the visiting country. Similarly, both Mette-Marit and Haakon wore red and blue colours also. Crown Princess Mette-Marit wore an "Eltham" garnet red wool crepe dress from The Fold, however, the cuffs had clearly been altered. This dress currently retails for £175, after being on sale from its original price of £350. The description says: "Add a splash of garnet red to your weekday wardrobe with the Eltham dress, cut from breathable Italian wool crepe. "The fit and flare silhouette has a piping insert at the waist and floaty raglan sleeves with gathers into the cuffs. READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby  "Defined by the details, beautiful tucks draw into the round neckline. Fully lined for an immaculate finish, the midi-length skirt moves gracefully as you walk. "Wear to work with a gentle heel, then take things up a notch with statement jewellery come evening." To accessorise, the Crown Princess carried her Aspinal of London large essential flat pouch in "deep shine bordeaux croc". This clutch did cost £85, however, it is currently on sale for just £42.50.  For jewellery, the Norwegian royal wore her Pomellato "Nudo" classic amethyst earrings, which cost an outstanding £4,000. Crown Prince Haakon stuck with his nation's flag's colours too, opting for a simple blue suit and a blue tie. Kate likely chose green because the royals were discussing green energy and the environment. But the Princess usually sticks to the country's colours, especially when on royal tours. For instance, when in Jamaica Kate wore a yellow Roksanda dress as she landed, and later wore a green Jenny Packham gown for a glittering evening reception.