Piers Corbyn, the brother of former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, was among the protestors gathered outside Colchester Library this afternoon. A handful of people supporting republicanism booed as King Charles and Queen Camilla arrived at the library for the second leg of their day in Essex. The anti-monarchists were positioned among royal fans patiently waiting for the sovereign and his wife. While the number of protestors was reportedly small, they let out loud boos as soon as Charles and Camilla arrived for their engagements. Shrugging off the jeering, both the King and Queen Consort waved and smiled at the fans before entering the library. Mr Corbyn, a climate change denier and anti-vaccine activist, was among those spotted holding placards. However, he was reportedly not protesting the monarchy itself but, rather, he was expressing his views against eco-policies among other political issues. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Mr Corbyn was photographed in Colchester holding a yellow placard reading: "Charles must serve the UK, not the World Economic Forum's tyranny". Inside the library, the Queen met broadcaster and children's author Dermot O'Leary as well as author Frank Cottrell-Boyce and sat down to listen to an excerpt from Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Her Majesty, who is the patron of several literacy organisations and launched in 2021 a successful online book club called the Reading Room, also received her very own library card. Thankful for the kind thought, Camilla told officials at the library she "shall come back to use" her gift. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry under fire as couple deemed 'difficult to work for' Charles and Camilla were also met with protestors upon their arrival at Colchester Castle. The protestors organised by Republic - which campaigns in favour of the election of the next head of state - booed Their Majesties while they left their car and briefly exchanged words with school pupils and members of the military lined up to welcome them. One of the protestors said through a megaphone: "Answer your critics Charles. Come over and talk to your critics." The protester also asked, while referring to the upcoming Coronation celebrations, "Why are you wasting our money?", and "Don't you believe in democracy, Charles?". Don't miss... Eugenie has already moved into Frogmore and boxed up Harry's things [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [PICS] These questions, however, were covered by royal fans chanting "God save the King" in a show of support for the sovereign. More shows of support were offered by one schoolgirl, who handed Charles a drawing of him with the words "best King" written above the image, and the mayor of Colchester, Tim Young. Thanking Their Majesties for their visit, Mr Young said: "Words cannot describe how much it means to us that you are here." Republic had announced on Monday it would stage a protest in Colchester today. On top of celebrating Colchester's newly-granted city status, at the Castle Charles also revealed the name of Colchester Zoo's newest addition, baby white rhino Dara, by pulling a cord to draw back material which had covered the name on an easel.