Britain has been warned to brace itself for a period of intense “volatility” over the course of the next couple of days, bringing with it heavy rains, winds of up to 60mph and up to five inches of snow in some regions. Jim Dale, a senior meteorologist with British Weather Services, said the nation would likely experience “at least two seasons in one day”, namely winter and spring, with winds from the southeast combining with an icy chill from the north to create changeable weather conditions. The Met Office today issued a yellow warning for snow and ice across 13 areas in the UK. They include parts of central and northeast Scotland until 9am on Sunday, with forecasts indicating that after a mostly dry start to Sunday, rain will spread across most parts of the UK. Yellow warnings covering large parts of northern England, northern Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland are also in force for tomorrow and Tuesday. Altnaharra, in the north of Scotland, last night recorded temperatures of -16 degrees centigrade - the coldest March night in the UK since 2010. Mr Dale said: “The strong winds look to me like they will be gusting 50-60 miles an hour. “It’s difficult to exactly say where but once again the exposed places, so the coasts and the higher ground, particular over Scotland and Northern Ireland and a bit of northern England in that but it will be windy everywhere. “And the wind will have a chill effect to it coming straight out of the north. “March is the most transient month that we have, going from one side to the other, it’s showing both fazes, the warm side and then the cold side. “So Scotland remains very much in that grip of winter although I think the rest of the UK will start to ease out of it as the week goes on, but we have to watch it because obviously the Atlantic is coming in a bit more and that we could see another deepening area of low pressure. “But there's enough to deal with in this next 48-72 hours rather than worrying about what's going to happen next Saturday. “I think the main story is that flip flop of weather within a 24 hour period, flip-flopping volatile weather, it doesn't want to make up its mind. “And the further north you go, and the higher you go, the more that volatility will rise.” READ MORE: Wagner thugs stranded in 'killing zone' with 'key bridges' demolished The Highlands would likely see between three and five inches of snow, Mr Dale said. He added: “The initial mild, the initial mild stuff that we're getting into today with the rain associated with it, that's all coming out of the south-west, essentially driving up from the Bay of Biscay and a little bit further south. “It’ll be pleasant for most people apart from when the rain arrives, that's a different matter. “But when it changes, the air will come from the Arctic, essentially, Svalbard direction, northern Norway, that type of thing, Arctic air, the other side of the coin. “Give or take, it's a straight northerly right behind it. People will feel it and the wind chill will be very apparent Monday to Tuesday.” The Met Office already had yellow warnings in place covering large swathes of the country after Storm Larisa battered parts of the UK with gales and blizzards. DON'T MISSWall of snow to blanket half of UK next week as freeze returns in days [FORECAST]Fuel duty hike in Budget would be a massive vote loser for the Tories [POLL]Sadiq Khan is turning London into a hostile environment for drivers [COMMENT] Drivers were urged to get behind the wheel only if necessary, with some motorists left stranded due to heavy snowfall. In north Wales two hill-walking families had to be rescued after they were caught in poor weather on Saturday. North East Wales Search and Rescue told the BBC it received simultaneous calls to help two separate families who had been walking on Moel Famau, which sits between Flintshire and Denbighshire. The service sent teams in 4x4 vehicles to the hill, in the Clwydian Range. The rescue service said visibility was down to 100m (328ft) at the time of the calls. While in Annahilt, Northern Ireland, rare snow rollers were spotted in a field in County Down by entomologist Adam Mantell. The naturally-occurring phenomenon are the result of strong winds blowing across a flat, snow-covered field or hillside, the Royal Meteorological society (RMETS) told the BBC.