Meghan Markle and Prince Harry were "destroyed on their own turf" over the weekend after comedian Chris Rock mocked the couple's race claim about the Royal Family. He took aim at Meghan for accusing an unnamed member of the Royal Family of racism during an interview with Oprah Winfrey. Royal expert Kinsey Schofield pointed out that the Sussexes must be "feeling the burn right now". Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  She told Sky News Australia: "This happened on their own turf. Netflix paid Harry and Meghan hundreds of thousands of dollars to create content for them and Chris Rock goes on their own platform and destroys them. "They are feeling the burn right now." Rock said Meghan's claim was simply "some in-law s***" while noting that she won the "light-skinned lottery". READ MORE: Meghan and Harry left 'isolated' as they struggle to get 'invites'  He went on to say ""even black people want to know how brown" Archie Harrison would be. It comes as Sky News host Rita Panahi pointed out that Hollywood "isn't that into Harry and Meghan anymore". Schofield continued: "No, where is Oprah to defend them? Remeber Gayle King from CBS, Oprah's best friends, going on TV saying that they had receipts that the Royal Family was racist. "A year later Harry goes on Tom Bradby's show and says, 'we never said there were racist'. "Where are these people that Meghan and Harry have put in a terrible position?" She added the people who defended them have "disappeared into the background". Gayle King had rushed to the defence of the Sussexes on CBS' This Morning following the interview. She said: "I think Meghan has plenty of receipts, meaning that she’s been keeping track of things." Don't miss... Meghan and Harry eviction a solution to an 'excruciating' problem [LATEST] Royal protocols that Kate followed but Meghan appeared to break [INSIGHT] Americans are 'done' with Prince Harry's 'whingefest' and 'crying' [ANALYSIS] But speaking with ITV's Tom Bradby, who pointed out "there were troubling comments about Archie’s skin color", Harry backtracked on the comment. Harry said: "There was concern about his skin colour." Bradby asked: "Right, wouldn’t you describe that as essentially racist? Harry replied: "I wouldn’t, not having lived within that family." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 