Steak and ale pies have been named the nation's favourite but there are plenty of other regional varieties you can enjoy to celebrate British Pie Week. Whether you're a fan of meaty pork pies, vegetable alternatives, or the humble Cornish pasty, a chef has shared easy recipes you can make at home. And the ingredients will cost you just £1 per head. To celebrate British Pie Week, Tesco is encouraging the nation to embrace "forgotten" regional pie varieties including old classics like Melton Mowbray pork pies. According to the leading UK supermarket, Cornish Pasties are the UK’s most famous and loved regional pie, but its popularity is declining with each generation, along with many other classic recipes. Just 44 percent of 18-24 year old's have heard of Cornish pasties, compared to 94 percent of those over 55. Steak and ale pies took the top spot in the UK's favourite traditional varieties, with Cornish pasties second and sweet apple pies in third place. Whether you're a lover of timeless fillings or prefer authentic regional flavours, Tesco Executive Chef Jamie Robinson has shared his easy recipes to perfect them yourself at home. READ MORE: Wetherspoon expected to close more pubs across the UK this month Jamie said: "Officially, a Melton Mowbray can only be made in the town of Melton Mowbray, but we have some great alternative pork pie recipes that are great for a comforting and affordable dish that the whole family will love." Ingredients You can find the full recipe here. Don't miss... James Martin's puff pastry apple pies are 'easy' and 'delicious' [RECIPE] Chef shares 'healthier' seasonal curried cauliflower pie recipe [REVEAL] Classic British teatime favourites given sausage-based makeovers [INSIGHT] Jamie said: "There is much debate about whether a pasty, is truly a pie. But regardless of where you stand on the matter, our Cornish Pasty Inspired Pie is a surefire crowd-pleaser and costs less than £2 per head to make. "It takes all of the elements of a Cornish Pasty packaged up as a traditional pie, making it the perfect option to try at home to celebrate British Pie Week." Ingredients You can find the full recipe here. READ MORE: Meghan Markle shares 'soul satisfying' recipe 'with a twist' Scotch pies are quite a niche in Scotland but for those looking to make one at home, Jamie recommended: "Staying true to its roots and using a mutton filling." He said: "Use the same hot water pastry recipe featured in the pork pie recipe for a beautiful, flaky finish. Mutton isn’t always readily available, but options such as our Tesco Diced Lamb Shoulder (300G, £4.70) are a great alternative that is packed with flavour." When it comes to perfecting your homemade pies, the Tesco executive chef shared five tips. For the pastry, Jamie suggested leaving it to rest before rolling it out. He said: "This will stop it from shrinking back when you line your dish." For the filling, additional herbs and spices are a must. The Tesco chef said: "I like to add extra seasoning to the pastry as it improves the taste and brings additional flavours to the dish. You can even add in some grated cheese, this will make your pie even more delicious and add a softer texture." When adding the pie filling, always ensure you leave a little gap at the top (about one to two centimetres) to give the pie enough space if the pastry should shrink back, without splitting it and also ensures you get a "super crispy topped pie". Jamie also recommended egg-washing the pastry before crimping the edges with a mixture of milk and egg. This adds shine, and colour and seals the edges to contain the ingredients. He added: "A common pie-making mistake is not cutting an air hole in the top of your pastry. This means that your filling will steam and either break the pastry in an unwanted place or make the pastry soggy."