Americans are growing weary of Prince Harry's tell-all campaign, one royal expert has claimed. US commentator Kinsey Schofield was reacting to Prince Harry's livestream Q&A on Saturday, where he got candid with trauma expert Dr Gabor Maté. Speaking to TalkTV, Schofield said: "People are done with the whingefest. People are done with the crying." Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The commentator continued: "The way these people [Harry and Meghan] use victimhood as currency. I think culturally we are tired of it and it's going to end soon so they better get out of it what they can because the American people specifically are really getting tired of the complaining and crying." Schofield also blasted the ticket price, dubbing it "absolutely ludicrous" to charge viewers a fee for watching. Prince Harry charged viewers nearly £20 to watch his sit-down interview on Saturday but it included a copy of his book Spare. The commentator said: "It's absolutely ludicrous to charge people. He is clearly just trying to get additional book sales", adding: There are warehouses full of these books". READ MORE: The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview The commentator was referring to Harry's best-selling memoir, Spare, which sold more than 3.2 million copies worldwide in its first week. What did we learn from Harry's candid Q&A? One of the most striking takeaways was Harry's live diagnosis. Dr Maté diagnosed the 38-year-old with Attention Deficit Disorder during the interview on Saturday, having come to the conclusion after "reading the book". Attention Deficit Disorder, which is abbreviated to ADD, is a term used for people who have excessive difficulties with concentration without the presence of other ADHD symptoms. It is also the most common neurodevelopmental disorder. Speaking to the Duke, Dr Maté said: "Reading the book I diagnose you with ADD, I see it as a normal response to normal stress, not a disease." DON'T MISSHorrifying moment tourists in Mexico are 'dragged' into van [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry's Coronation invite may be their 'last' [LATEST]Mother wipes out family in horrific murder-suicide [REPORT] Prince Harry also spoke frankly about his drug use, with the Duke claiming that marijuana was "different" to other substances he'd taken. In the interview, Harry said that cocaine did "nothing for him", although his experience was marijuana was a positive one. He said: "Marijuana is different, that actually really did help me." Furthermore, the Duke revealed that he felt "different" to other royals. READ MORE: Prince Harry 'won't come to Coronation' in ultimate act of punishment for royals Stating that he believed his late mother felt the same, Harry admitted that he always felt "different" to all the other members of the Royal Family. Harry also revealed that it felt great, upon reflecting on "breaking free" from the royal mould. The Duke also boasted about the rapturous response to his tell-all memoir, Spare, released on January 10. He said: "There are now over 48,000 [reviews]," adding that "some people have written essays". He added: "To hear people's take on my story and the book, and what it means to them, it has been humbling and also extraordinary. And it makes it all worth it." In another revealing moment, the Duke revealed how he felt reluctant to attend therapy, fearing that it would impact his memories of his late mother, who passed away when he was only 12. He claimed that he initially believed he needed to cling to the grief in order to feel close to her. Having realised that his mother would have wanted him to move on, he sought help to deal with his emotions, describing that therapy "lifted a weight off his chest" when it came to processing what he had experienced with losing a parent, particularly at such a young age.