Greater Manchester Police have found human remains in their search for great-grandad Peter Baglin. Peter was last seen on the evening of Wednesday, December 28. While the remains have not been formally identified, Peter’s next of kin have been informed of the discovery. The discovery was made around 10.48am at the Bridgewater Canal near Vicars Hall Lane in Worsley On Sunday night, a number of officers are still patrolling the scene beside the canal, with the cordon stretching around 200 metres long.  Officers from GMP’s Tactical Aid Unit had come across human remains when they conducted a further search of the area around the canal. Detective Inspector Michael Sharples of the GMP Salford District confirmed the news earlier today.  He said: "Though we are not currently in a position to confirm this is Peter, our thoughts remain with his wife Michelle and his loved ones. "We understand that the last two months have been extremely difficult for them and this continues to be a distressing time for all of Peter’s loved ones. "Search teams, made up of GMP personnel and colleagues from partner agencies - such as the National Police Air Service, North West Underwater Search Team and Mountain Rescue – have worked extensively to try and find Peter. "I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who has assisted to date, and also to confirm that our enquiries will not stop until we have found the necessary answers for Peter’s loved ones, for our investigation and for coronial proceedings." READ MORE: Rats as big as cats spark fears for seaside resort's very future The death is currently being treated as unexplained and enquiries are ongoing to establish the circumstances. It was the second time the GMP had sent divers into the Bridgewater Canal in recent days. The 55-year-old from Boothstown vanished almost 10 weeks ago after going out for an evening walk along the canal to "clear his head". DON'T MISS: Reducing inflation must be top priority for Hunt in next week’s Budget [POLL]We must never again give power to power-hungry people [COMMENT]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s Coronation [LIVE BLOG]   Peter was later spotted on CCTV cameras in a local petrol station, buying a small bottle of whiskey. He later called his wife Michelle, assuring her that he would be home soon. His disappearance sparked a wave of theories from 'social media detectives' which had left his wife devastated. 