The Murdaugh family is set to be tried for 19-year-old Mallory Beach's death in 2019. She died in a crash when Paul Murdaugh took the five friends out on his family boat to purchase alcohol. Her family are seeking "accountability" in a wrongful death lawsuit against the Murdaughs. Mark Tinsley, an attorney representing the Beach family in their wrongful death lawsuit, told Fox News Digital: "There's still a long way to go. There's still accountability to be had. "We're hopeful that the attorney general's office will continue to investigate the investigators involved in… the boat crash. "We think that there were a number of things that happened there that are worthy of prosecution. And we hope that those people are dealt with as well." READ MORE: Threesome broken up by police as woman slams couple’s genitals  He added: "There’s a lot of grumbling and shock that I’m actually going to hold Alex personally responsible." Tinsley had testified during Alex's double-murder trial that Paul used his family's legal presence in the South Carolina Lowcountry to get preferential treatment after the crash. He said: "The Beach family stood on a causeway for eight days while their daughter’s body was in the water. "I don’t think there’s any amount of money someone would be willing to take to go through what they’ve gone through." It comes as attorneys for Murdaugh filed a notice to appeal his convictions for the murder of his wife and son along with his life sentence. The trial in rural South Carolina lasted six weeks and included more than 75 witnesses, but culminated in a jury taking less than three hours to find the 54-year-old Murdaugh guilty last week. Murdaugh called 911 on the evening of June 7, 2021, saying he found his son and wife dead when he returned home from a one-hour visit with his mother, who has dementia. Authorities said Paul Murdaugh, 22, was shot twice with a shotgun, each round loaded with different sized shot, while Maggie Murdaugh, 52, was struck with four or five bullets from a rifle. A crime scene report suggested that both victims were shot in the head after initially being wounded near dog kennels on the Murdaughs’ sprawling rural property. Don't miss... Sunak claims 'Britain is back' as PM jets off to US for defence deal [VIDEO] US Navy aircraft breaches Iranian airspace as it 'goes off course' [INSIGHT] Dad uses moose antler to kill 77-year-old stalking his daughter [LATEST] Prosecutors took more than a year to charge the disgraced lawyer with murder but decided not to pursue the death penalty. Murdaugh, who is also charged with about 100 counts of financial and other crimes, adamantly denied any involvement in the killings. Murdaugh could have received as little as 30 years behind bars, but the judge gave him the maximum: two consecutive life sentences without the possibility of parole. After the trial, some jurors said that the key piece of evidence in finding the lawyer guilty was a video on his son Paul's cellphone that was shot minutes before the killings at the kennels near where the bodies were found. Murdaugh’s testimony only cemented what they were already thinking — that he easily lied, and could turn on and off his tears at will, jurors said. Attorney Dick Harpootlian filed Murdaugh's appeal to the South Carolina Court of Appeals. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews