The story of America's most wanted fugitive Raymond Reddington (played by James Spader) is nearing its end as season 10 will be The Blacklist's last. The next instalment, The Whaler, is going to air on Sunday, March 5, on NBC, showing what's next for Reddington and the Task Force. Here's a run-down of The Blacklist season 10 episode two's guest stars. As episode two is called The Whaler, Anika de Beer is bound to play an important role in episode two of The Blacklist. The synopsis says the Task Force will work to try and infiltrate a high-stakes poker game so she could be a major player they need to get close to. Actress Lucy Taylor has been acting since 2000 taking on minor roles in shows and movies including Stingers, Blue Heelers, Limitless, Bull, Madam Secretary and New Amsterdam. Last year, she portrayed Lydia Conway in the Rebel Wilson comedy movie Senior Year. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Hacker Wujing was first seen way back in the first series but was put behind bars, thanks to Reddington. In his last act of revenge, Marvin Gerard (Fisher Stevens) handed Wujing the blacklist of criminals Reddington and the team had been working together to stop, putting him in a very powerful position. Actor Chin Han has been in a number of Hollywood movies like Skyscraper, Contagion, The Dark Knight and Captain America: The Winter Soldier. According to his IMDb page, Han was named as one of Asia's 25 greatest actors of all-time by CNNGo, a division of CNN. Zhang Wei was first introduced in the premiere episode and will be back for The Whaler. He is played by actor Kenneth Lee who featured as Alan in the dark comedy series Search Party. Lee will be joined by actor Matt Walton who is behind new character Spencer Waters. His biggest role to date has been as Luke Castle in the web series Youthful Daze but has also made appearances in The Good Wife, Notorious and Chicago Fire, just to name a few. DON'T MISS...ITV address future of Jeremy Clarkson on Who Wants to be a Millionaire [UPDATE]Shoppers praise under £100 Panasonic straighteners for smooth blow dry [REACTION]The Blacklist's Harry Lennix speaks out on Cooper's ending  [CAST] Another guest star of The Whaler is actor Nick Atkinson as Nigel. He is an Australian actor and producer, known for Avarice, The Strip and Let's Get Skase. As always, the crime drama will also star its leading actors, including James Spader as Reddington, Diego Klattenholff as Donald Ressler, Hisham Tawfiq as Dembe Zuma and Harry Lennix as Harold Cooper. A description for the episode has been released ahead of it airing on NBC. The synopsis for The Whaler reads: "The Task Force works to infiltrate a high-stakes poker game tied to Wujing with the help of new team member Siya Malik. "Red and Cooper have opposing tactics when Agnes is bullied at school." Reddington and the rest of the team must do all that they can if they have any hope of stopping Wujing from fulfiling his decade-long desire for revenge. The Blacklist season 10 continues every Sunday on NBC in the USA. A UK release date hasn't been announced yet.