Boris Johnson is expected to raise concerns about Rishi Sunak's Brexit deal at an address in London tomorrow. The former Prime Minister is yet to comment publicly on the Brexit deal, signed by Mr Sunak on Monday. The new deal is expected to reduce friction between the UK and Northern Ireland, mitigating some of the longstanding issues with the Protocol. An ally of Mr Johnson told the Times he would criticise parts of the deal but said that he will not oppose it outright. Meanwhile, a source close to the former PM did not deny that he has significant concerns about the plans and stands by his warning that the Government should keep the Northern Ireland Protocol Bill in place. The Bill would allow the Government to torpedo the hated post-Brexit legislation in its entirety. Mr Sunak is expected to do away with the legislation if the deal with the EU is accepted. READ MORE: Laurence Fox sparks uproar as GB News struck with Ofcom complaints   Earlier this week, a source close to Mr Johnson told the Guardian he was studying and reflecting on the government’s proposals. Meanwhile, Politics Home reported that the former PM contacted Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) on Monday to ask them to "think hard" about backing it. The DUP's support is thought to be essential for Mr Sunak to proceed with the deal. DUP MP Ian Paisley Jr on Tuesday warned the deal "doesn't cut the mustard", while party leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson warned, "there remain key issues of concern". DON'T MISSCharles 'acted as King not a father' with Frogmore eviction [INSIGHT]Ron DeSantis blasted after Trump supporters barred from book signing [UPDATE]'We will never stop' Rebels vow new attacks after Russia spy plane hit [REVEAL]    Ian Paisley told BBC's political editor Nicholas Watt: “It provides no basis for the DUP to go back into Government and Rishi Sunak needs to enter fresh negotiations with the EU.  Jacob Rees-Mogg also warned the PM he would face a Tory revolt if the DUP rejects the deal. He told GB News: “It will all depend on the DUP. If the DUP are against it, I think there will be quite a significant number of Conservatives who are unhappy.”  