Red Bull’s car could be hurting Max Verstappen’s team-mate Sergio Perez, according to Williams star Alex Albon. The Austrian drinks giant won their first Constructors’ Championship for nine years in 2022 as Verstappen claimed his second consecutive Drivers’ Championship title. Verstappen has been imperious on the track in recent years and claimed his maiden F1 title in 2021 after getting the better of Lewis Hamilton on the last lap of the final Grand Prix of the season in Abu Dhabi. The Dutchman then backed that up by storming to a second championship victory in 2022 as he won an incredible 15 races throughout the season. Perez, on the other hand, only won a total of three Grands Prix in 2021 and 2022 and mustered fourth and third-place season finishes respectively. And Albon has pointed towards the design of the Red Bull car. “This isn’t to throw shade at anyone at Red Bull Racing or Max or anything, honestly,” the 26-year-old said. “But the car is set up in a unique way that is built around the lead driver, and that’s Max. And, look, I totally get why. I mean, when all is said and done, he might be the greatest driver of all time. JUST IN: Lando Norris reacts as F1 star told to 'sign Red Bull contract now' after Horner comments “But he has a very distinct style of driving and he likes the car set up a certain way that’s hard for a lot of drivers to sync up with. Of course, you can tinker and tweak your own car, but just the Red Bull in general is suited to Max’s style.” Albon, who finished 19th in the Drivers’ Championship for Williams last year, raced for Red Bull alongside Verstappen during the 2019 and 2020 seasons and was also team-mates with superstar drivers George Russell and Charles Leclerc during his days in the GP3 Series. But the ace was ultimately dropped by Red Bull ahead of the 2021 season, with Perez being chosen to replace him. DON'T MISS:Michael Schumacher health update as Eddie Jordan shares new details about stricken F1 iconMax Verstappen told there is 'no chance' of Red Bull reunion despite Sergio Perez fightGuenther Steiner embarks on shrinking project as Haas to be different to F1 rivals   “I like a lot of front end and nose,” Albon added. “I’ve been team-mates with George and Charles and I’ve always had way more nose than them. Basically think front-end sensitivity. “And when I got into the Red Bull… I mean there was so much nose on the thing that if you blew on the wheel the car would turn. If you play Call of Duty, or a game like that, turn your sensitivity up to the highest it will go. That’s what it’s like to drive that car.” 