Hayden Panettiere, 33, spoke on her substance abuse and postpartum depression before reprising her role as Kirby Reed in the horror and slasher film Scream VI. The American actress shared how her physical and mental health was hanging by a thread and her tumultuous recovery journey. She recalled how alcohol had been “an act of defiance”, which she viewed as a coping mechanism against work stress. In a new interview with Women’s Health, Hayden commented on how she found calm through self-care, renovating her home and therapy. She told the lifestyle magazine in January: “I kept wanting to go back to the beginning of the period of time where I was really happy and healthy." Hayden has always been vocal about her mental health and openly spoke about her depression after giving birth to her now eight-year-old daughter Kaya in December 2014. READ MORE: Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria In a bodyscan video for the aforementioned publication, she spoke about what she loved the most about her body: “It’s served me well. “It’s been through childbirth. It’s been through everything with me to remind me where I’ve been and what I’ve been through.” She also shared why she found her C-section scar beautiful: “It reminds me of where I’ve been and the beautiful creation that I made – my little girl.” Hayden handed over custody of her daughter in 2018 to her former partner and retired Ukrainian boxer, Wladimir Klitschko, 46. She commented that her declining physical health led her to leave the industry and public eye: “I struggled with sleep deprivation. Sleep is massive. It affects your motor skills, your ability to think, and your overall health. “My body was like, ‘Enough.’ I hit 30. My face was swollen. I had jaundice. “My eyes were yellow. I had to go to a liver specialist. “I was holding on to weight that wasn’t normally there. My hair was thin and coming out in clumps.” Don't miss... Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [ROYAL] Richard Madeley branded a ‘massive control freak’ by daughter Chloe [INTERVIEW] Pregnant Strictly star Janette Manrara breaks down in moving video [VIDEO] Hayden faced additional trauma last month when her younger brother, Jansen Panettiere, 28, was found dead at his apartment in New York. He died from an enlarged heart, according to a statement confirmed by the Medical Examiner. However, Hayden’s recovery is also fuelled by her desire to return to work as she prepares to release her latest role, which shares similarities with her life. Speaking about Kirby, she said: “She has that human trauma, and it’s changed her. That’s something I can obviously relate to.” Hayden admitted to the magazine that she was nervous about doing a cover interview, but it was vital for her to share her message. She told the publication: “A lot of people feel stuck. I want to let them know they’re not alone. “It’s been a battle, it’s an everyday battle, and one that today I am happy to say I am winning. And I hope you are too.” The April issue of Women’s Health — the Optimize Everything issue — hits newsstands nationwide on March 21.