When Blue Bloods season 13 kicked off Jamie Reagan (played by Will Estes) returned with a new job as an Intelligence Officer, however, things could soon come to a screeching halt. A sneak peek clip at the upcoming episode sees Jamie confronting his father and police commissioner, Frank Reagan (Tom Selleck) for interfering with his job.  Throughout the majority of the Blue Bloods, Jamie had been working within the NYPD as a police officer as none of his superiors was willing to submit his name for promotion. However, after much pressure from Frank, Jamie took his sergeant exam and received the promotion. Jamie then climbed the career ladder even further this season as he landed a new job as a field intelligence sergeant. Although this news was celebrated by his family of law enforcers, fans could soon see his career come between the Reagans. READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation  Before episode 15 of Blue Blood premiered, bosses provided a major glimpse with the release of a sneak peek clip. During the teaser, a frustrated Jamie visits Frank at home and warns: “I’ve got something I need to say." Frank asks: “It’s about the undercover operation?” to which Jamie confirms: “It is.” Frank sighs: “I know you didn’t get the answer you wanted.”    Frank sighs: “I know you didn’t get the answer you wanted.”Before he could finish his explanation, Jamie interrupted: “It’s less about the answer than the reason behind it. “ Frank insisted: “Jamie, it was purely a personnel decision.” Jamie was having none of it and hit back: “But I’m the personnel and my boss thinks you’re trying to keep me out of the line of fire." “Well then your boss is way off base and well out of line,” Frank replied. DON'T MISS...Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods promo confirms return of fan-favourite star [INSIGHT] Blue Bloods fans blast CBS drama after Anthony’s resignation [REACTION]  However, Jamie attested: “Problem is, I think he’s right.” This could be the result of Jamie’s anger during episode 14 when he learned his wife Eddie Janko’s (Vanessa Ray) locker was trashed. As Eddie works as a police officer, the couple both work at the same precinct, so Eddie was able to quickly find Jamie when someone had rummaged her locker. At the same time, officer Stephens (Josh Davis) and officer Rouse (Travis Doughty) happened to be walking past when they were confronted by Jamie.  He asked them if they had anything to do with the locker but when they denied involvement, Stephens then punched Jamie in the face. The ordeal was witnessed by Captain Paula McNichols (Stephanie Kurtzuba) who then punished the officers with a reduction in pay. Later in the episode, McNichols announced Stephen’s ex was responsible for trashing Eddie's locker and she would rescind Eddie’s reduction in pay. Jamie then proceeded to apologise to Stephens for blaming him.  Blue Bloods season 13 continues Fridays on CBS in the USA.