King Charles III has awarded the Duke of Edinburgh title to his youngest brother Prince Edward, to mark his 59th birthday. The title will be held by Edward for his lifetime, and revert to the Crown on his death. But do you support Edward’s new title? Vote in our poll.Vote in our poll. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat   Edward’s wife, Sophie, Countess of Wessex will be known as the Duchess of Edinburgh, Buckingham Palace has announced. Their daughter, 19-year-old daughter Lady Louise Windsor will not see her title changed but their son, 15-year-old James, Viscount Severn will become the Earl of Wessex, and following his father’s death will be known as the Earl of Wessex and Forfar. Buckingham Palace said in a statement: “His Majesty The King has been pleased to confer the Dukedom of Edinburgh upon Prince Edward, on the occasion of HRH’s 59th birthday today. “The title will be held for HRH’s lifetime. The dukedom was last created for Prince Philip in 1947, upon his marriage to Princess Elizabeth, who held the title of Duchess of Edinburgh before acceding to the throne in 1952. “The new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh are proud to continue Prince Philip’s legacy of promoting opportunities for young people of all backgrounds to reach their full potential.” READ MORE: Prince Edward confirmed as new Duke of Edinburgh IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE ABOVE POLL, CLICK HERE The couple were promised the Edinburgh dukedom by Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip on their wedding day in June 1999. The title reverted to the crown following the death of the Queen last September, but Charles chose to wait for six months before conferring it. The Edinburgh dukedom has a historically important role in the maintenance of the union with Scotland. Edward has already taken on some of his father’s responsibilities concerning the Duke of Edinburgh's Award. The couple will make their first outing in the Scottish capital as the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh on Friday, March 10, to attend a reception marking the first year of the conflict in Ukraine. So what do YOU think? Do you support Edward being given the Duke of Edinburgh title? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.