Experts at travel insurance provider Staysure shared the factors that can impact the price of a premium and how to cut costs this year. The travel gurus explained that including cover for valuables, such as electronic devices, watches or jewellery, and other expensive items, can significantly increase the price of holiday insurance. The travel experts revealed that the best way to avoid travel insurance costs getting even higher this summer is to simply travel without those expensive items. "Leave expensive valuables such as laptops, watches and jewellery at home," the holiday experts warned. "Travelling without these items can help to lower the cost of your travel insurance policy and means you are at less risk of losing them," they added. Travel insurance costs can also fluctuate depending on the destination, and it is recommended to check if the country holidaymakers are travelling to is "low risk" or "high risk". READ MORE: Best country in Europe for 'longer' life named - and it's not Spain  Insurance can be cheaper for "low-risk" countries, such as Spain, and more expensive when travelling to "high-risk" destinations, such as Sri Lanka. This is because the costs of repatriation would be higher in these countries. Therefore, the travel experts advised "choosing your destination wisely" as a change of country "could save you hundreds". They explained: "For example, a holiday to Paris will usually cost you less in insurance premiums than a trip to New York. "It’s also important to check the country you are travelling to will be covered by your travel insurer. Some places in the world are considered too high risk," they added. Don't miss... Cheapest destination in Europe is an 'underrated jewel' [HOLIDAYS] Flight attendant says 'throw bottle under bed' to stay safe in hotel  [TRAVEL HACK] Flight attendant says Toblerone is 'easiest' method to get upgrade [TRAVEL HACK] Other factors that can increase the cost of travel insurance are the length of the trip, as Britons are more likely to need emergency healthcare on longer trips, pre-existing medical conditions or age. Travel insurance premiums increase after age 65 due to the risk of illness, and it is very "important to declare all of your pre-existing medical conditions to ensure your policy is valid, should you need to make a claim," the expert advised. Travel experts at Bounce also shared their top tips on how to save money on your next trip and said it is more important than ever to "carefully monitor your flight" with both delays and cancellations becoming more frequent in recent years. READ MORE: Britons urged to bring pair of shoes on the plane to avoid 'hassle' By checking the flight status before heading to the airport, using the airline’s app, for instance, holidaymakers can save on expensive transport costs. "As soon as you hear of flight delays or cancellations be sure to contact the airline’s customer service team directly, they will be able to assist you with what to do next," the experts recommended. They also advised booking travel insurance to potentially save hundreds in the event of a delay or cancellation. "For all trips, both long and short-haul, you should consider purchasing travel insurance that covers both flight delays and cancellations. "Although your airline is required to look after you after a specific delay duration in some countries, most travel insurance packages offer additional coverage for travel uncertainty," the travel experts explained. Finally, they suggested "consider taking hand luggage" this summer as lost luggage, which has become an increasingly common issue in airports, can cost holidaymakers a lot of money. "For those who don’t want to risk their luggage getting lost in baggage operations, carrying hand luggage only may be your best bet. However, be sure to check the airline's regulations on what you can carry in your hand luggage, including liquid restrictions," they added.