Chief Superintendent Reginald Bright (played by Anton Lesser) is the boss of Morse Endeavour (Shaun Evans) and Fred Thursday (Roger Allam), and used to be the villain of the story. Over the years though, Reggie has redeemed himself in the ITV period drama and has become another member of the team. Actor Anton Lesser will be returning to reprise his role once again for season nine. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Endeavour.Reginald Bright actor Anton Lesser has been a star in various television shows throughout his career which started way back in 1979 with The Mill on the Floss. Since then, Lesser has been in shows like Killing Eve, Vanity Fair, Vital Signs, Little Dorrit, Primeval, Ripper Street, Dickensian and The Hollow Crown, just to name a few. Arguably his biggest role was as villainous advisor Qyburn in the HBO fantasy drama Game of Thrones. His other major parts have been as Harold Macmillan in The Crown, Prime Minister Clement Attlee in A United Kingdom, Thomas More in Wolf Hall and Major Partagaz in Star Wars: Andor. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Endeavour actor Anton Lesser was born on Valentine's Day, February 14, 1952. This means the actor is now 71 years old, having started working in the entertainment industry at 27. It isn't known how he celebrated the major milestone this year as he doesn't have any social media and tends to keep his private life out of the spotlight. He is married to fellow actress Madeleine Lesser, who he shares children Harry and Lily Lesser with, so it is assumed he spent the day with his loved ones. In comparison to the rest of the main cast of Endeavour, Lesser is the oldest on set. Endeavour actor Shaun Evans is 42, DS Jim Strange star Sean Rigby is 33 and Sara Vickers, who is behind Joan Thursday, is 38 years old. The only actor who is closest in age is Roger Allam who celebrated his 69th birthday in October 2022. Fans of Lesser would have spotted him in another series which is currently playing out on BBC One. DON'T MISS...Coronation Street exit for Paul as fans 'work out' health diagnosis [EXIT]Moonpig is offering free delivery on Mother's Day bouquets - but hurry [DEAL]Endeavour's Shaun Evans pays tribute to 'fantastic' co-star [TRIBUTE] The Endeavour actor stars as Vernon Marley in the BBC drama Better with Andrew Buchan and Leila Farzad. Vernon was a corrupt police officer who was able to avoid prison time by telling the authorities about the people he had been double-crossing them for. As DI Lou Slack (Leila Farzad) wishes to redeem her past behaviour, Vernon acts like a mirror to her potential future. In Endeavour, on the other hand, Lesser's character Bright has got his own issues. Bright is on the brink of retiring from the force for good as he doesn't feel like he knows the streets of Oxfordshire as well as he did. He will have a lot to contend with before leaving the job, going by the description for episode one. According to the synopsis of Uniform: "A crime wave has taken hold of Oxford - a homeless man is grievously assaulted, a young PC is found dead, and a notable artist reported missing." Endeavour season nine premieres on Sunday, March 5, at 8pm on ITV.