Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has a number of players ruled out for today's match at Fulham as well as doubts over a couple of other stars. The Gunners are aiming to again open up a five-point gap at the top of the Premier League following Manchester City's win at Crystal Palace last night. Express Sport looks at the XI Arteta is expected to pick at Craven Cottage. Aaron Ramsdale has started every Premier League game so far this season. Only Nick Pope has kept more clean sheets than his England rival in the top flight this term. Eight of Ramsdale's 11 clean sheets have come away from home, the most by any keeper on their travels. Arteta will hope he can add to that in west London today.  Read more... Van Dijk behaviour worrying as four Liverpool stars flop v Bournemouth [REACTION] Arteta should have his first-choice defence available to him. Ben White didn't start the win over Bournemouth last week but came on at half-time. It was a clear upgrade on Takehiro Tomiyasu and he also grabbed his first Gunners goal, so he will come into the team. William Saliba and Oleksandr Zinchenko both started the 2-2 draw with Sporting Lisbon on Thursday. Kieran Tierney missed the match due to illness but will unlikely play today even if fit. Gabriel will keep up his record of starting every league game alongside Saliba. Arsenal skipper Martin Odegaard travelled to Portugal but was taken unwell and did not make the match-day squad. Reports claim he is set to be available today but it remains to be seen if he can play a full 90 minutes. Fabio Vieira could keep his place in the Norwegian's absence after starting against Bournemouth. Granit Xhaka was rested from the start in the win over the Cherries but will be one of three changes for this game. Odegaard could take up a place on the bench if he isn't 100 per cent. Thomas Partey will play in the deeper-lying midfield role.  Don't miss... Jeff Stelling leaves fans in stitches with Gary Lineker joke on Sky [TV] Scholes wants Ten Hag to drop two stars after Real Betis win [QUOTES] Ian Wright called out by Matt Le Tissier after Match of the Day snub [REACTION] Bukayo Saka was a surprise starter for some against Sporting. Many felt it was a good time for him to be given a rest. He is set to make his 69th Premier League appearance in a row, 66 of which will have been as a starter. Last weekend's match-winner Reiss Nelson is likely to be rewarded with a start from the left, though Leandro Trossard is reported to be available sooner than expected. Eddie Nketiah is out injured, while Gabriel Jesus is not ready to start a match just yet. Gabriel Martinelli is therefore likely to play as the No 9. Arsenal expected XI: Ramsdale; White, Saliba, Gabriel, Zinchenko; Partey, Vieira, Xhaka; Saka, Martinelli, Nelson. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE 