Laura, from Hertfordshire, lost an incredible amount of weight and managed to conceive after a five-year struggle. The popular meal plan The 1:1 Diet by Cambridge Weight Plan helped the 27-year-old reach her goal weight in just 12 months. Laura admitted that when she hit her heaviest weight of 25 stone, she found herself in one of her worst moments in life: "I had honestly lost all hope." "My partner and I had been trying to conceive for five years and it sadly wasn’t happening for us." However, one day she looked at herself in the mirror and thought "let’s do this". She found out about The 1:1 Diet after one of her clients told her she had easily lost three stone following the meal plan. READ MORE: Michael Mosley shares diet to rapidly lose ‘11lbs in 2 weeks’  "I’d been on a diet my whole teenage life, but everything had failed – I was completely uneducated on eating and fitness,” Laura explained. In January 2017, she started her weight loss journey with her local 1:1 Diet consultant. She said: “From day one the results were incredible – my motivation and belief to make a change really helped me stick to the plan. “By September 2017, I had lost nine stone and we found out the most amazing news in early October – I was pregnant!" Don't miss... Stylist shares how older women can 'always' look 'youthful' [STYLE] Man who was ‘addicted to takeaways’ sheds 6st with ‘no fad diet’  [DIET] Queen Camilla loves eating ‘leftovers’ - a look at royal’s diet [DIET] Laura continued: "I was in absolute disbelief and shock, I will be forever grateful to The 1:1 Diet for helping me on my parenting journey.” From 2018 to 2019, Laura had two back-to-back pregnancies, so she decided to get back on the plan in 2020 to lose the weight she had gained throughout this time. The dieter lost an incredible 11 stone in less than a year, between starting back on the plan in January 2020 and February 2021, and she has "maintained it ever since". Laura admitted that her personal life, as well as her mental health, has drastically improved since losing weight. READ MORE: Look younger by adding 'ultimate' essentials to your winter style She explained: "Not only has the weight gone, but I am also a completely different person. "I am no longer on antidepressant medication, and I feel so confident in my own skin – something I never thought possible before starting on plan.” Since starting The 1:1 Diet back in 2017 to finishing in 2021, Laura lost a total of 12 stone. In July 2020, she even decided to start her own business as a consultant with The 1:1 Diet By Cambridge Weight Plan. The dieter decided that she wanted to help other slimmers with "much-needed advice and support". Her consultant gave her "such amazing support throughout the journey so I knew it would be so fulfilling". "It’s the best job I’ve ever had - it’s so rewarding and something I’m so passionate about.” Laura is happier than ever with herself and her incredible figure and is now a proud mum of two.