Sheikh Jassim bin Hamad Al Thani could walk away from his bid to buy Manchester United unless the Glazers come down with their asking price, according to reports. Supporters have seen little progress with the takeover since bids were lodged before last month's soft deadline. Al Thani joined Sir Jim Ratcliffe in publicly addressing Red Devils fans after submitting their respective bids. Many believe that Al Thani's proposal would be better for the club in terms of investment in a stadium, infrastructure and players. The Qatari is a prominent banker and his father, Hamad bin Jassim bin Jaber Al Thani, served for six years as the country's Prime Minister. His bid for the Red Devils, like Ratcliffe's, is believed to be in the region of £4.5billion. There has been little movement since the deadline as the Glazers supposedly hold out for an offer closer to their £6bn valuation. Sky Sports claim that Sheikh Jassim is still ready to buy, but not at all costs. Don't miss... Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement [INTERVIEW] The Qataris have been backed to walk away from the deal if they can't purchase at a fair price, amid claims they 'will not be held to ransom' by the Glazers. Al Thani is believed to be against the prospect of being dragged into a reckless bidding war. The report adds that his father, the former Prime Minister, even questioned his quest to bid for Man Utd. The father-son duo are held to be 'smart, savvy investors' which suggests that the Glazers may lose one of their key bidders unless they reach a compromise. Read more... Messi thrown under the bus as PSG icon rants after Bayern defeat [INTERVIEW] Chelsea keen on Dominik Szoboszlai as Erling Haaland 'consulted' [GOSSIP] Man Utd owners the Glazers 'consider taking club off the market' [REPORT] Al Thani walking away from the deal would also come as a blow to many United fans, who are broadly keen to see the back of the Glazers after years of controversial ownership. Supporters have frequently protested against the American billionaires, with hostile chants heard as Avram Glazer attended the Carabao Cup final in February. United's owners have never explicitly said that they are gunning for a full sale, and some reports indicate that co-chairmen Joel and Avram harbour reservations due to their connection to the club. The Sun claim that the idea of a takeover could be scrapped completely in favour of seeking outside investment.  United legend Gary Neville has already questioned whether the Glazers really do want to sell the club after it was announced that Old Trafford season ticket prices would be going up for the first time in over a decade. "The increase to ticket prices at United is very odd!" he Tweeted. "Why would a seller that’s leaving before the next season starts introduce something that has brought them more hate and they won’t benefit from! "Any new buyer would most likely freeze the price in year one to stay on side with fans. It does beg the question whether they are really going! I have my doubts with actions like this one!'"