Ex-Liverpool star John Aldridge believes that his former side should consider selling Mohamed Salah following his performance against Bournemouth on Saturday. The winger smashed his penalty wide in a 1-0 defeat in a poor display from Jurgen Klopp’s side. Salah has scored 11 and assisted seven in 26 Premier League appearances so far this season, though questions have been raised about his overall influence. The Egypt international has failed to leave his mark on several important fixtures and remained anonymous when his team have needed him most. The 30-year-old missed the chance to equalise against Bournemouth on Saturday after Adam Smith was adjudged to have blocked Diogo Jota’s header with his hand. Salah sent Cherries shot-stopper Neto the wrong way but blasted his effort well wide of the goal, with the Vitality Stadium erupting in celebration. The last two league matches tell the story of Liverpool’s season; beating high-flying Manchester United before being beaten by bottom-of-the-table Bournemouth, and changes are expected to be made over the summer. One significant piece of business that the Reds should consider completing is the sale of Salah, according to former striker Aldridge. Don't miss... Liverpool duo worrying Eder Militao after Real Madrid team watched ... [LATEST] He told the Sunday World: “In the last few seasons, Klopp’s team had too much pace, power and desire for these relegation battlers to handle. Yet all that has changed – and I look at Mohamed Salah’s body language, and something isn’t right. “After his goals against United last Sunday, I was looking to Salah to lead the team for the rest of the season and starring banging in two or three goals a week consistently. We all know how good Salah has been and still is, but he was dreadful yesterday and won’t need me to tell him that. Don't miss... Liverpool told they are only club who can pull off deal for Mount [LATEST] Jurgen Klopp calls out his Liverpool players in difference to Man Utd [NEWS] Van Dijk behaviour worrying as four Liverpool stars flop v Bournemouth [COMMENT] “Take his missed penalty out of the equation and he turned in a display that lacked passion – and I hate to write negative things about a player who is an all-time Liverpool great. There may be a debate over whether selling Salah this summer and using that money to reinvest in the team may be an option, but that idea can wait until the end of the season. Between now and then, Salah has to lead Liverpool as the senior striker – and he simply didn’t do that at Bournemouth.” Having penned a long-term contract at Anfield last summer, it is highly unlikely that Salah will be on the move at the end of the season. Though the former Roma star will be hoping to be joined by several fresh faces in Merseyside as part of a major rebuild that enables Liverpool to reclaim their status as title contenders. Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE