The Met Office has extended its amber warnings, with a third now placed over Northern Ireland. The latest alert, the second issued today, warns the chaos in the UK mainland will extend across the Irish Sea. When it activates this afternoon people will need to take care on the road as motorists face "atrocious" conditions. The forecast states that "periods of snow" will develop for Northern Ireland "into the early afternoon". The three counties within the warning area - Antrim, Armagh and Down - can expect "heavy and persistent" snowfall from 3pm. Accompanying strong easterly winds will cause "atrocious travel conditions", especially for areas over high ground, where totals could reach between 10cm and 20cm. The weather will also impact conditions on lower ground, with snow accumulations of between 4cm and 8cm possible "away from immediate coasts". READ MORE: UK snow sees rare danger life warning from Met Office in cold snap In some places, snow drift depths could exceed the totals over high ground, becoming "significantly deeper" in some places. The snow should subside early on Friday, the forecasters added. The Met Office said: "Snow should begin to ease by the early hours of Friday, before clearing to the east. "Temperatures will fall quickly under clearing skies, leading to the risk of icy conditions developing." The forecasters have highlighted several potential risks of the falling snow, primarily delays to rail, road and air travel. As with the other warnings, there remains the chance that some communities could become cut off. Others may experience trouble with their phone or internet connections, and people could sustain injuries from slips or falls. The severe weather in Northern Ireland mirrors conditions in the Midlands, northern England and Wales, where amber warnings will linger until 9am and 12pm tomorrow. Once those warnings end on Friday, a new one will take its place over the weekend. The Met Office has warned that snowy conditions will persist until March 12. While less severe yellow alerts, they warn people will continue to experience disruption from snow and ice. The warnings - covering Scotland, the Midlands and northern England - state that the weather could continue to cause travel trouble.