Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been given conflicting advice regarding the decision he has to make on the Red Devils’ next captain. Bruno Fernandes has been wearing the armband when skipper Harry Maguire has not been on the pitch this season, but as the England defender is likely to depart Old Trafford at the end of the campaign there have been questions raised over whether the Portugal star is suited for the role full-time. Fernandes’ antics were slammed during the 7-0 humiliation by Liverpool which led to Ten Hag publicly defending his stand-in captain, as several names have been posed in the search for the next dressing room leader. Experienced duo Raphael Varane and Casemiro have seen their names thrown in the hat, while Marcus Rashford has also been mentioned with the gig. However, United icon Paul Scholes expressed doubts over whether Rashford should be made captain. “I don’t really see him as a leader,” Scholes told BT Sport. “I think he’s a leader by performance but not quite vocal or as a character as a captain should be. One thing we have to say about Rashford is that he’s been brilliant this season. He’s turned his career around in the space of time, in three-quarters of the season.” Though Rashford does have his supporters in the debate, as ex-Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy believes that Ten Hag should ignore Scholes and name the 25-year-old as his captain for next season - as long as Rashford is tied down to a new long-term contract. JUST IN Man Utd face £70m dilemma for Gabri Veiga after Bellingham and De Jong [TRANSFERS] “Why not give the captaincy next season to a local lad, hugely popular with the United fanbase and maturing rapidly on and off the pitch – Marcus Rashford,” Murphy wrote in the Daily Mail. “Rashford would be an ideal for United considering where they are at the moment in Erik ten Hag’s team development. “He’s clearly an automatic choice and becoming an excellent communicator on behalf of the club, confident in front of the microphone and camera. Importantly, he has become an elite forward and is clearly enjoying his football. There are a couple of caveats before Rashford can be given such a job. Most importantly, that new contract would have to be signed. You can’t have a player leading the team out with question marks over his future.” Don't miss... Manchester United 'make decision' on breaking Grealish record for Kane [LATEST] Jurgen Klopp calls out his Liverpool players in difference to Man Utd [REACTION] Man Utd boss Ten Hag add nine targets to summer transfer shortlist [TRANSFERS] Owen Hargreaves was on the BT Sport panel with Scholes at the time and felt that Rashford can follow a similar path as Kylian Mbappe, who wore the Paris Saint-Germain armband in their recent 2-1 win over Brest. “I think United have a lot of leaders now – [David] De Gea, Casemiro, Varane, [Lisandro] Martinez is a natural leader. I think Marcus could be one of those,” Hargreaves said. “You look at Kylian Mbappe at 24 he’s the captain of PSG. “I think he’s [Rashford] not your typical Bryan Robson, [Eric] Cantona, that type, but he’s the star player – he’s been brilliant this season. He could have that responsibility and grow into the role. I wouldn’t mind seeing that. He’s produced after coming out of a really difficult phase and he’s obviously the future of this football club.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE.