Supermarkets across the UK have been placing limits on fruit, vegetable, and egg sales, making cooking increasingly difficult. While eggs and carrots are two of the main ingredients in traditional carrot cake recipes, plant-based chef Lisa Marley has shared her exclusive formula that requires neither. Speaking exclusively to Expresss.co.uk, plant-based chef and nutritionist Lisa Marley (@lisamarleychef on Instagram) said: "The UK consumes over 10 billion carrots every year and they are a staple part of our diet. "Currently, carrots are in good supply so now is the time to make the most of them as along with leeks and cabbage, they could run low within a few weeks. Luckily, carrots can be substituted for parsnips in this recipe as well as courgette." And when it comes to ditching the eggs, you may be wondering what to use as an effective substitute in this sweet, seasonal cake. Lisa added: "Combining apple cider vinegar with dairy milk or plant milk curdles the liquid and increases the "dairy" flavour. it also gives the cake stability and the texture we all know and love." READ MORE: Spiced parsnip soup recipe to enjoy 'sweetness' of in-season veg DON'T MISS...Rick Stein's savoury cheese and chive scones recipe [RECIPE]James Martin's dauphinoise potatoes are the ultimate comfort food [REVEAL]Chef shares recipe for 'sweet' and 'earthy' beetroot risotto [EXPERT] For the drizzle Preheat your oven to 180C fan and line a deep, eight-inch, loose-bottomed cake tin with grease-proof paper. In a medium bowl, combine the dairy-free milk with the apple cider vinegar and whisk until combined. READ MORE: 'Easy, quick, delicious' bacon air fryer recipe is 'the best' Set aside for 10 minutes to curdle. This is crucial to mimic the texture of the eggs in the mixture for a fluffy sponge. While you wait for the curdling action to happen, combine the dry ingredients in a separate, large bowl. This includes flour, sugar, baking powder, bicarbonate of soda and spices. Always sieve the flour directly into the bowl to avoid lumpiness when transferring before mixing. At this point, you can add the wet ingredients - grated carrot, apple and zest of one orange to the dry ones. Gently stir until combined before pouring into the lined cake tin and bake for around 35 minutes. Test with a clean skewer to see if it comes out clean before removing the mixture from the oven. Leave to cool in the tin and remove when cool to touch For the drizzle, whisk the sugar, orange juice and a tablespoon of water together to form a thick drizzle. Pour over the cake. Decorate with crushed walnuts and edible flowers.