Manchester United were hit for seven by Liverpool at Anfield in one of the most memorable games in Premier League history. Erik ten Hag's side have been given a lot of soul-searching to do just one week after their Carabao Cup win. Each of the Liverpool front three grabbed doubles before Roberto Firmino added the gloss as Jurgen Klopp's men put in a display that will live long in the memory. One that United fans and players will be already desperate to forget. Here Express Sport rates the Red Devils' players' performance with few getting pass marks. David de Gea - 5 Could not do too much with any of the goals and will be annoyed with the defence performance in front of him. Diogo Dalot - 3 Simply was not good enough as Liverpool ran riot all over the backline. Raphael Varane - 4 Perhaps struggling with the injury that had hampered him in the build-up to the game. Did not get to grips with the Liverpool frontline. Lisandro Martinez - 4 Impressed during the first half with a last-ditch block on Nunez particularly important. However, he seemed to lose focus as his side collapsed at the start of the second and was turned inside out by Salah in the buildup to the third goal. Hooked in the second half. Luke Shaw - 3 Simply could not handle Salah. Lost his head in a terrible defensive showing. Casemiro - 4 Fell short of his usual high standards. Failed to get to grips with Gakpo as the Dutchman dropped deep and was uncharacteristically slack in possession. Fred - 4 Caught out of position for the opening goal and was part of the defensive shambles for the second. Has impressed alongside Casemiro in recent weeks but his position could soon be at risk if he continues to play as he did today. Bruno Fernandes - 3 Antics got more embarrassing as the game went on as he increasingly threw his toys out of the pram. Summed up United's attitude as they completely collapsed. Antony - 4 Showed some impressive signs during the first half but completely faded out of the game in the second half. Did not do enough defensively or going forwards. Wout Weghorst - 3 A disappointing performance. Offered very little on the ball and was deservedly hooked before the hour mark. Marcus Rashford - 5 One of the few players that continued to try their best. Hit the side netting as Liverpool ran riot but will not be happy with his own performance. Subs Scott McTominay - 2 Alejandro Garnacho - 4 Marcel Sabitzer - 4 Tyrell Malacia - 4 Anthony Elanga - N/A