The government has promised the new Illegal Migration Bill will ensure anyone who arrives illegally in the UK is "detained and swiftly removed". Gary Lineker has voiced his opinion on the latest bill from the government which has left many disagreeing with his choice of words. The Home Office's Twitter account posted a video of Home Secretary Suella Braverman talking about the government's new Illegal Migration Bill. The video was captioned: "Enough is enough. We must stop the boats." Gary Lineker responded to the tweet and wrote: "Good heavens, this is beyond awful, there is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. "This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?" READ MORE: Lady Victoria sparks uproar as she warns Prince Harry it 'didn't en... His tweet received more than 21,000 likes, with fans of Gary's such as @JillPoguelover responding to the tweet: "Good for you Gary. "Don't be bullied by the head of the BBC. Who is, after all, very partial to the odd meal etc with Boris, into taking this down. Thank you for saying what anyone with humanity is thinking." @SueSuezep commented: "You will be criticised for this - because you're 100% right, and the Tories don't like the truth." David Tidey added: "We’ll said Gary," as Steve Adams said: "Again, Gary Lineker's statement is clearly true. He deserves our backing." (sic) However, despite the backing from users on Twitter, his comparison was quickly condemned by a number of Tory politicians, who urged the BBC to take action. A prominent Jewish rabbi has criticised the BBC football pundit for comparing the Government’s policy on illegal migration to the Nazis, saying the comments were misplaced. Rabbi Dr Jonathan Romain told GB News: “I think the language that he used was misplaced and I think I am speaking not for just the Jewish community. "But anyone who has been a veteran or a parent who was a vetern in that the Nazis were involved with mass genocide. Don't miss... Jeremy Kyle jokes Prince Harry should 'throw Meghan down a well'  [LATEST] Endeavour's Shaun Evans confirms Morse's future with Joan Thursday [INSIGHT] Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified [WATCH] “Now, you may just disagree with current government's policy, but it isn't mass genocide and what he has done is two mistakes. "Firstly he missed the target there and people will say this is the wrong analogy and dismiss his argument. "And secondly I think it also misdemeans the horror of the Nazis." He added: "I think he does have the right to speak out as long as it is not on Match of the Day and although he has the right to criticise the government if he thinks if it is this government or a future one." In response to Gary's comments, Suella Braverman told BBC Breakfast: "I'm disappointed, obviously. "I think it's unhelpful to compare our measures, which are lawful, proportionate and, indeed, compassionate to 1930s Germany. "I also think that we are on the side of the British people here. "It's plain for anyone to see that the British people have had enough of this situation of thousands of people coming here illegally at huge cost to the taxpayer and undermining our laws and, in fact, British generosity." Patrick Christys airs weekdays from 3pm on GB News.