South Wales Police and Gwent Police have released a joint update on the investigation into a fatal road traffic collision on the A48 in the St Mellons area of Cardiff. A nighttime vigil is being organised to remember those killed in Monday's car crash that left two others seriously injured, as questions remain about the time taken by police to locate them. The statement also confirmed that the five individuals has last been seen at 2am on Saturday 4th March in Pentwyn with the collision believed to have occurred during the early hours of Saturday 4th March. The statement said that the exact time is yet to be determined by the ongoing investigation that includes "CCTV and ANPR inquiries."According to Gwent Police, the first report of a missing person was taken at 7.34pm on Saturday 4th March with additional missing person reports made to Gwent Police at 7.43pm and 9.32pm the same day, and to South Wales Police at 5.37pm on Sunday 5th March. In response police say a helicopter was requested at 11.50pm on Sunday 5th March to search an area of Cardiff, resulting in the discovery of a Volkswagen Tiguan vehicle in a wooded area off the A48 Assistant Chief Constable Mark Hoborough of Gwent Police said: "This is an extremely sad situation, and our thoughts are with the families and friends of each of the young people involved. "We will continue to support the investigation and would ask members of the public to refrain from speculation during this period." A vigil is planned for 6pm on Tuesday at the scene of the accident, according to posts on social media. The group had been to a social club in Maesglas, Newport, on Friday night and were thought to then have travelled 40 miles to the Trecco Bay area of Porthcawl.  Don't miss... Best friend of Cardiff crash victim slams police as he found car first [LATEST] Vigil planned for three people killed in horror crash in Cardiff [LATEST] Crash victim's friends furious at police as dog walker finds wreckage [LATEST] Tamzin Samuels, 20, a friend of the young women and who helped in the search effort, told the PA news agency: "I do think the police could have done a lot more in putting the helicopters out earlier. "They only posted the appeal an hour before the girls were found. We found them before the police found them - we rang the police. "The search party found the girls before the police found the girls. "I think that speaks volumes really, they had all that equipment, and we had cars when we were looking.  "They were really popular girls, the life of the party, and it was really out of character for them to do what they did, which is why we knew something was wrong." Tributes have been paid on social media to those who died. A friend of Mr Loughlin posted: "I'm so proud of us all pulling together out there searching for our dear friends last night. "It's heart breaking what's happened to Rafel Jeanne and those two girls. My body is still shaking and I can't stop being sick the thought of them all there all of that time. "Many times I have driven past, it just makes me so sad and to how helpless our Shane Loughlin must of felt trapped inside. "Wish Sophie a speedy recovery and I send all my love and strength to all the families involved."