One outlet based in the southern Ukrainian region of Kherson wrote: “The goal is to justify the shelling of residential buildings in Ukraine. Can such a cheap performance convince anyone?” Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to the ministry of internal affairs, described the claims as “fake news” on his Telegram. They said that the fighters had split off into two villages, Sushany and Liubechane, taking around 100 hostages, blowing up an electric substation and a gas station, and engaging in a firearms confrontation with security services and the FSB. They later claimed that Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov had reported that Russian leader Vladimir Putin had cancelled a planned trip to Stavropol “due to the situation in the Bryansk region” and was calling an emergency meeting of the Security Council of the Russian Federation. This claim has since been rebuked by the Kremlin, who said the meeting will take place as planned on Friday. Footage has now been released on social media - the first images pertaining to the incident, despite hours of coverage - alleging to show the Russian Volunteer Corps near the entrance to a medical centre in the village of Liubechane. The men, part of a unit of the Territorial Defence of Ukraine formed in August 2022 from Russian right-wing volunteers claim, they crossed the border and are the reason for all the latest news about saboteurs. The RVC allegedly also released a statement, saying: “Right now on all Internet resources you can see news about the ‘Ukrainian DRG’ who killed children, took hostages, but at the same time hurriedly left and so on. All this is a lie of Kremlin propagandists. “The Russian Volunteer Corps came to the Bryansk region to show compatriots that there is hope, that free Russian people with weapons in their hands can fight the regime. P.S. A little later, we will share with you a rebuttal film about our adventures.” READ MORE: Russia to imprison critics of illegal Wagner Group for up to 15 years [REVEAL]   Wearing yellow armbands and dressed in military uniform, armed with assault rifles, the group seem to match the claims by Russian state media regarding the appearance of the saboteurs. Beyond that, there is little evidence to corroborate the claims made by the Russian state media, sparking concern that this could be a “false flag” operation by Russia intended both to problematize Western support of Ukraine with disinformation, as well as legitimise, at least in the view of the Russian public subjected to the state media, further attacks on Ukraine. At around midday GMT, reports surfaced from the Russian lower houses of government that they had demanded the status of the situation in Ukraine as a “special military operation” be changed to a “counter-terrorism operation” in light of what they said were attacks in Bryansk. State Duma deputy Dmitry Gusev reportedly said the change is “necessary” because, “under CTO, the main goal is to destroy the leadership of these very criminal groups”. He added: “In this case, we are talking about our opponents from the Ukrainian side.” DON'T MISS: Real-life Romeo and Juliet from Russia and Ukraine flee Putin's war [REVEAL]'We will never stop' Rebels vow new attacks after Russia spy plane hit [REPORT]Loud explosions heard as Crimea comes under attack [REVEAL] On Tuesday, the Institute for the Study of War warned that Russian authorities “appear to be escalating their promotion of false flag operations”. They said it was to “distract from their lack of tangible battlefield gains and slow down the provision of Western tanks and other aid in advance of expected Ukrainian counter-offensives”. Their comments followed claims by the Russian defence ministry that Ukraine was preparing for a false-flag operation to invade Russian-occupied Transnistria in Moldova. In reports quickly dismissed by Moldovan President Maia Sandu as false, the MoD said Ukrainian troops were attempting to dress up as Russian soldiers to invade Transnistrian territory. Russia has long made efforts to take the territory, which it says belongs to them, and the latest claim that Ukrainians, dressed as Russians, were planning to invade appears suspicious. READ NEXT: West needs Cold War 'backchannels' with Putin to stop nuclear warRussia's 'total collapse surprisingly close' in UkrainePutin could jail Russian father for his daughter's anti-war drawingUkraine weapons promises vs deliveries and who is most behindEvans slams ATP threats to Wimbledon warm-up events over Russia bans