Charity leader Ngozi Fulani has put the spotlight back on a Buckingham Palace race row that was first sparked in late November 2022. Ms Fulani, the CEO of the Sistah Space organisation, appeared on ITV's Good Morning Britain this morning and revealed the Palace has once again not issued an apology directly to her as a Palace spokesperson said the pledges made to Ms Fulani in late 2022 have been honoured. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The Palace made the new comments after it was approached by the show about the comments Ms Fulani intended to make today. TV host Richard Madeley read out part of the statement, which said: "For the avoidance of any doubt, we are deeply sorry for the incident that took place and apologise for the distress and difficulty it caused to Ms Fulani." Ms Fulani, however, told the TV hosts: "Who were they apologising to? If you are sorry, tell me you are sorry, if you are not, it speaks for itself." She later added: "If you have to ask someone for an apology, it's not an apology. I am just making the point so that everybody understands. "I don't see what is so hard to say I am sorry. You sent me an invitation, you know where to find me, you know how to say sorry. If you are sorry then say sorry, if you are not, I get it. But when you make this apology to everybody, I don't know who you are apologising to." The charity leader went on to claim her organisation has suffered as a result of the online abuse and threats of violence directed at her after she decided to speak out about what happened between herself and Lady Susan Hussey. The Palace, she said, not only didn't apologise to her but also didn't do anything to help her. Referring to the reception she attended at Buckingham Palace last year, Ms Fulani added: "When you think that this was supposed to be [an event] against violence on women and girls, and because of this incident the violence has been directed to me, the Palace hasn't intervened and I think they could have. "So what I had to do, I have now temporarily stepped down as CEO." The Palace spokesman added that: "A number of pledges were made by the Palace which have all been honoured – including enhancing Diversity and Inclusivity programmes." Ms Fulani went on to claim the charity's users and the community can't access Sistah Space properly and that the organisation had to pay for PR to fight back against online abuse. Sistah Space provides support to victims of domestic abuse with African and Caribbean heritage. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's one-word reply when asked about first meeting Kate  Despite the issues the row has created for her and her organisation, Ms Fulani said she doesn't regret speaking up. She told Mr Madeley: "I am about discussing and making aware of violence against women and girls, and I'll go anywhere, at any time, to fight that cause. I didn't expect for that to be directed at me at all." Ms Fulani had already spoken in December about the "horrific abuse" online and "immense pressure" she, her family, and Sistah Space had been under since she spoke up. Ms Fulani came to the fore after she spoke on Twitter about her unpleasant exchange with Lady Susan, a former lady-in-waiting to Elizabeth II who in November 2022 held an honorary role as a Royal Household aide.  Don't miss... Meghan and Harry under fire as couple deemed 'difficult to work for' [INSIGHT] Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [EXCLUSIVE] Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria [REPORT] The charity worker was one of the guests at a reception held at Buckingham Palace by Queen Camilla, which brought together organisations and policy-makers united in their fight against domestic violence. Ms Fulani claimed Lady Susan approached her during the event and persistently questioned her nationality and where "her people" came from, while also touching her hair to read her name badge. The Palace issued a statement hours after her report came to light, informing Lady Susan had stepped down from her role and branding her comments "unacceptable and deeply regrettable". Lady Susan and Ms Fulani held a few days later a face-to-face meeting, during which the Palace said the former royal aide "offered her sincere apologies" to the charity worker and pledged to "deepen her awareness of the sensitivities involved". The Palace also acknowledged Ms Fulani had "unfairly received the most appalling torrent of abuse on social media and elsewhere".