Frank received an MBE in the New Year's Honours list for his services to entertainment and music. However, he recently revealed that the presentation day had been delayed and made a cheeky comment towards Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's recent Netflix documentary. Tim began: "We have got to say congratulations by the way to Mr Frank Skinner, he has only gone and got himself an MBE." Frank threw his arms in the air in celebration as Tim continued: "Good experience?" However, Frank explained: "Oh I haven't actually received it yet. Yeah, they are trying to find an available royal. "They're a bit depleted at the minute, you know for various reasons, natural causes, notoriety and Netflix. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers "That's what they said on the letter." Moving away from the subtle dig, Tim asked: "Are you hoping for the King?" "Oh I'd like the King," Frank admitted. "If you're going to get an MBE who else are you going to want?" Simon added: "Do you know in advance who is going to present it?" to which Frank teased: "No. Were you listening to the last bit? "I know you're busy but you know. I've got a date, April the 20th". Viewers of the show came out in support for Frank and took to their Twitter to congratulate him. @TellyVsPodcasts commented: "Frank Skinner is incredible - think he will carry this episode #SundayBrunch." @FiveMINES99 said: "Well played Frank for the MBE. Stunning career and still funny as ever." Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] Daisy-May expressed: "An MBE for a brilliant man. Well deserved and let's hope you get the King." However, not all viewers were impressed with his comment as @ShineALight___ noted: "#sundaybrunch Frank Skinner discussing how he's the recipient of an MBE, then proceeds to be offensive about the Royal Family." Frank began his career in 1987 at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival and returned four years later when he received the Perrier Award. When Frank first found out about the news of his MBE, he admitted that he held off telling those closest to him in case it turned out to be "some sort of administrative error". At the time, he said: "Well, to be honest, I haven’t told anyone at all, even those closest to me, because I still thought there might be some sort of administrative error. “But I think it’s brilliant. I deal mainly in laughs and applause and they disappear into the air quite quickly. "So getting a proper medal that you can hold on to and polish regularly feels (it) has given my career a sense of permanence that I like," he told PA. He went on to speak about how proud his late parents would have been, saying: "You can’t help thinking of that thing of, you know, I grew up in a council house and all that. "My mum and dad who are no longer with us would have been absolutely over the moon about this whole thing.” Sunday Brunch airs Sunday from 9:30am on ITV.