Ja Morant has escaped legal trouble after Colorado police closed their investigation into the player saying: “There was not enough available evidence to charge anyone with a crime." Morant’s legal jeopardy came after the point guard posted a video of himself in which he appeared to flash a gun while at a gentlemen’s club. But his team, the Memphis Grizzlies, have announced he will miss the next four matches. The incident proved to be the final straw for the Grizzlies and the NBA, who suspended the 23-year-old but the superstar is assured he will not face any legal action once he returns to the basketball court. A statement from the Glendale Police Department read: “Through investigation, the GPD was able to determine the incident took place at Shotgun Willies, located in the City of Glendale, during the club’s lawful operating hours. “GPD was not able to determine that probable cause existed for the filing of any charges. In this case, it should be noted that on the night in question the GPD did not receive any calls for service at the nightclub regarding a weapon of any type.” It is still unclear when the two-time All-Star will make his return after being initially slated to miss at least two games. But in subsequent days the NBA has launched an investigation into whether Morant brought the gun onto team premises. If that is found to be true, it could result in a much longer period on the sidelines. Don't miss... NBA star Ja Morant breaks silence after suspension over 'gun video' [LATEST] Ja Morant 'suspended' for showing alleged gun at strip club party [LATEST] Russell Westbrook sets new NBA low as LA Clippers woes continue [LATEST] “The investigation also concluded that no one was threatened or menaced with a firearm and in fact no firearm was ever located.” The Glendale Police statement continued. “Although the video was concerning enough to prompt an investigation, there was not enough available evidence to charge anyone with a crime. “Under our justice system all persons are presumed innocent until proven otherwise.” Following the release of the video after the Grizzlies’ game with the Denver Nuggets last weekend - and Morant’s subsequent suspension - the 2020 Rookie of the Year apologised to all stakeholders of the organisation and said he needed to find better ways of ‘dealing with stress.’ "I take full responsibility for my actions last night,” he said in a statement. “I’m sorry to my family, teammates, coaches, fans, partners, the city of Memphis and the entire Grizzlies organisation for letting you down “I’m going to take some time away to get help and work on learning better methods of dealing with stress and my overall well-being.”