Chelsea are set to take on Leeds at Stamford Bridge on Saturday (kick-off 3pm) as they go in search of only their second Premier League win of the year. The Blues have been in dismal form under Graham Potter, with the former Brighton manager winning just five of his 18 top-flight matches since taking the helm. And Express Sport takes a look at how Potter could line his team up as he sweats on the fitness of England right-back Reece James. Goalkeeper - Arrizabalaga Kepa Arrizabalaga has enjoyed his best spell as Chelsea’s first-choice goalkeeper in recent months after winning his place back from Edouard Mendy. The Spaniard has kept seven clean sheets in the Premier League this season and will be looking for another one against Leeds. Defence - Koulibaly, Badiashile, Cucurella Potter could be forced to re-evaluate his tactics if James isn’t passed fit to start against the Whites. The right -ided defender has started three of his side’s last four Premier League matches. But on Friday Potter admitted: “Reece has a tightness in his hamstring. We are assessing him but he’s doubtful for tomorrow as well.” With Cesar Azpilicueta unlikely to make the squad after sustaining a concussion against Southampton a fortnight ago, Potter could be forced to line u with a back three, with Kalidou Koulibaly, Benoit Badiashile and Marc Cucurella being landed with the task of shutting out the Leeds attack. READ MORE: Chelsea warned Mason Mount would 'bite your arm off' to jump ship Midfield - Fernandez, Gallagher, Kovacic Potter has also been hit by an injury to England star Mason Mount as he revealed: “Mason has had a problem with his lower abdomen area, pubic bone so he will miss the game tomorrow. Don’t think it will be too long but too soon for tomorrow.” That means Mateo Kovacic could come back into the starting line-up following an illness, while Conor Gallagher could also get a rare chance to shine from the outset. Meanwhile Enzo Fernandez, who became the most expensive player in Premier League history when he joined the Blues in January, should also be called upon once again. DON'T MISSChelsea target Enrique could tempt four former players to join himSterling's reps respond to claims star is unhappy amid Arsenal linksChelsea chief Boehly can break Abramovich record with Potter sacking  Forwards - Ziyech, Felix, Mudryk; Havertz Potter has a plethora of attacking talent at his disposal and is under pressure to get them firing again following a series of lacklustre displays in front of goal. Hakim Ziyech and Mykhaylo Mudryk could be asked to provide the width in attack, while Joao Felix could play centrally just behind striker Kai Havertz. 