Jack Draper explained that he has had two different relationships with Andy Murray ahead of their all-British clash in Indian Wells. It will be a generational Battle of the Brits in the Californian desert as the 21-year-old and three-time Grand Slam champion meet for the first time. Murray will face Draper in the third round of Indian Wells late on Monday, with the world No 56 previously being tipped as the 35-year-old’s successor in British men’s tennis. It will be a tight affair with Murray ranked just one spot above Draper, and the younger Brit has reflected on their relationship ahead of their first official meeting. The 21-year-old has already defeated another Brit in Indian Wells, taking out Dan Evans to set up his clash with Murray. And Draper recalled his early experiences with the former world No 1 as a fan cheering him into his three Grand Slam titles. “I've sort of had two stages with Andy,” the former world No 38 told the ATP. “[The first was] when I was younger, watching him win Wimbledon for the first time on Centre Court. It was inspiring.”  Just in Emma Raducanu digs deep to upset Haddad Maia and break new ground [LATEST] Draper admitted that he wanted to emulate Murray when he was younger and had been in awe of the 35-year-old when he first saw him. He added: “I wanted to be like him, someone that I was looking up to all the time... a bit starstruck when I saw him a few times at first.” But he formed a new bond with the former world No 1 during the lockdown, after the British players were able to start practising at the National Tennis Centre again and only had each other to hit with. It was there that Draper became something of a sparring partner for Murray - something that could pay off when they meet in Indian Wells. “And then during lockdown I became a better player and I was able to practise with him more,” he explained. “From there, we've practised together loads. I'd like to say he's a good friend and, again, still someone that I look up to and someone that I receive advice from all the time.”  Don't miss... Djokovic learns reason for snub as Medvedev tips Serb to be toppled [QUOTES] Indian Wells star Felix Auger-Aliassime has chin glued back together [RECAP] Inside the life of Nick Kyrgios from dust-ups to designer girlfriend [FEATURE] Draper also divulged the advice he had received from his childhood hero - something that Murray had learned through his own career. “I think he just tells me to enjoy the journey a little bit,” he said. “I think that's what he's doing now, he's enjoying his time on court a little more than he did. He's an amazing champion and a very good human being as well.” While it’s a first tour meeting for Murray and Draper, the pair have met on a court at the Battle of the Brits - an exhibition event organiser by Murray’s brother Jamie - where experience beat youth in a match tiebreak 6-2 1-6 [12-10]. Reflecting on the match, the younger Brit said: “I kind of felt like it was good to play Andy in a couple of sets. “But for one thing, it was an exhibition, that match. And also at the same time, we'd just come off the back off pre-season, so we were both pretty tired from putting a lot of work in.” 