Manchester United are reportedly keeping tabs on Southampton teenager Romeo Lavia as Erik ten Hag prepares to rejuvenate his midfield in the summer transfer window. Arsenal and Chelsea are set to provide rival interest, but United have three other targets to fall back on should they lose out. Lavia spent two years on the books of Manchester City, where he was heralded as one of their most promising youth players. However, Rodri's presence in the side created intense competition for midfield minutes, limiting him to just two first-team appearances. That all changed when Southampton forked out £14million to sign the Belgian last summer. Lavia was thrown straight into the starting XI and he has been hugely impressive in the 15 Premier League appearances he has managed so far. According to The Daily Mail, the youngster has admirers at Old Trafford and the Red Devils will continue to keep tabs on him with a view to launching a summer swoop.  DON'T MISS: Man Utd boss Ten Hag had ruthless Garnacho message before West Ham win Chelsea have already made enquiries with Southampton about Lavia's availability, while Arsenal are also believed to have expressed an interest. The Belgium U21 international only turned 19 in January and is touted to have a massive future at the top level. City reportedly inserted a number of clauses upon selling Lavia to Southampton after manager Pep Guardiola acknowledged that the midfield prodigy could 'explode' with regular football. The Sky Blues will receive 20 per cent of the fee if he is sold to another club, while they have the opportunity to buy him back for an unspecified amount, or match any offer that comes in for him. READ MORE...Man Utd walk the walk as Ten Hag reminded of key quartet vs West HamLiverpool youngsters in heated brawl as Ben Doak gets 'bloody lip'Klopp has Liverpool trump card as Luis Diaz set to make 'real impact' If United fall short in their pursuit of Lavia, reports indicate that Ten Hag has three other transfer options to call upon. Frenkie de Jong was the Dutchman's top target last summer and he remains a player of interest to the Red Devils boss, despite making it clear that he wants to stay at Barcelona. Jude Bellingham is also thought to be on United's hit list but competition from the likes of Liverpool, Man City and Real Madrid could make signing him a long shot. The fourth and final midfield target, Declan Rice, falls into a similar category with West Ham set to demand upwards of £100m.  United splashed £70m to bolster their midfield by signing Casemiro in the summer, and the Brazilian has been a smash hit since arriving from Real Madrid. While Fred and Christian Eriksen have also impressed this term, fans are concerned at the drop-off in quality further down the pecking order. Scott McTominay and Marcel Sabitzer started in the FA Cup clash with West Ham on Wednesday evening, but the usual suspects had to be brought on in the second half as United scored three late goals to seal a comeback victory. 