Monty Don took to Twitter and shared he had been busy filming at his Herefordshire earlier this week. It comes just days before the Met Office issued three amber warnings ahead of Storm Larisa which has since battered parts of the UK. The Gardeners' World host took to the micro-blogging site on March 6 and detailed the "worst weather" conditions he has experienced this year. He penned: "Began filming for GW this afternoon. A gentle warm up with full crew ready for three 12 hour days in what looks like being worst weather of year so far. All part of the fun..." Some of his 296,000 followers commended the presenter for continuing to film the gardening programme despite the brutal conditions. Esmeralda tweeted: "The bravery and resilience of you and the GW team in all weathers is epic. Respect. And much love." READ MORE: Alex Beresford warns of public 'meddling' in Royal Family affairs Armadillo Girl remarked: "Thermals out! you can demonstrate the importance of fleece wrapping plants as a handy guide to us lesser gardening mortals!" Daniel said: "Best of luck to you and all the crew involved, am thinking the thermals may be much needed in coming days! ( Mine have reluctantly re appeared)." Organic Bishop commented: "Good luck with the new season Monty." Sue added: "Looking forward to it Monty. God I need some gentle relevant Friday night TV." The BBC favourite shared he and the crew have continued filming the popular gardening show before the new series airs on BBC Two. Writing on March 8, he tweeted: "Filming in the garden today- probably be warm and sunny when broadcast next week!" Monty also shared images of his garden covered in a blanket of snow. Social media user Shay quipped: "Oh dear!! Not much work today then!" Patricia wrote: "Looking forward to seeing it." Mike added: "So looking forwards to Friday evenings again. Your dulcet tones bring calm to the end of the week for me and the wife." Filming for Gardeners' World is a year-round process, with films being shot across every month to give viewers a glimpse into conditions during the four seasons. Not only this, but sequences filmed at Longmeadow take four to five days to get on camera and are filmed a week in advance prior to broadcast. Now, special compilation episodes are showing each Friday, getting millions of gardeners warmed up for an action packed growing season set to begin soon. The Met Office had issued a number of amber weather warnings predicting the blizzards and heavy snow. The Met Office meteorologist Jonathan Vautrey said Storm Larisa, named by the French weather service, was responsible for bringing rain and snow to the UK. Gardeners' World airs tonight on BBC Two at 8pm.