Unforgotten's Sanjeev Bhaskar plays DI Sunil Khan - and his portrayal of the character in the ITV crime drama has earned him praise from the police. The 59-year-old recalled that officers have even imagined him being on their policing teams after seeing the show. He attributes some of the praise to the show's writer, who has created modest and "unassuming" detectives instead of boastful ones. "What does set Unforgotten apart from other cop shows I’ve seen, apart from Chris Lang’s writing, is the fact that the cops are unassuming," the actor mused in a new interview with the Radio Times. "They don’t see themselves as heroic or tragic," he continued admiringly. "I’ve had messages from detectives saying, 'This is how it should be done. We would have you on our team!'" READ NOW: Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' Meanwhile, Sanjeev himself has been equally modest, exclaiming that he hadn't even expected to be cast in the first place. "Who was going to cast me as a detective? Mainly because I’d never seen anyone who looks like me playing a detective," he reasoned. He then suggested that he had some concerns over the police force's history. In recent years, the brutal murder of Sarah Everard by an off-duty cop made the headlines, as did allegations of racism in the UK following the protests in the USA over the death of George Floyd. However, Sanjeev also added: "I’ve met perfectly nice, reasonable police officers who are aghast at the terrible things that happen within their institution [too]." Meanwhile, The Sandman actor is soon set to play another officer, in a continuation of the theme. He revealed during the same interview that he will take on the persona of TV cop Inspector Singh, made famous by Shamini Flint's books, for a forthcoming Britbox series. The Inspector Singh Investigates novels have been hugely popular on Amazon, leaving fans excited to see him take up the TV role.  Sanjeev's career has provided endless surprises for him, as he had originally earned a degree in marketing and hadn't expected to become famous on the nation's TV screens. However, he soon discovered he had an untapped aptitude for comedy and before long, TV and film opportunities came pouring in. Now Sanjeev will be appearing in the fifth series of Unforgotten - the first one since DCI Cassie Stuart (played by Nicola Walker) was killed off. The actor admitted he was surprised by "the outpouring of grief", especially when angry viewers pledged never to watch the TV series again in a display of indignation. He was incredulous that he'd received messages of that nature on social media, although he did concede that the DCI had been viewed as "iconic". Plaintive viewers have asked him: "Why couldn’t Cassie retire [rather than being killed in a car crash]?” but he has replied adamantly: "Life is not like that." He continues to have regular contact with Nicola, talking on the phone every week and sending "random emojis" to each other as a symbol of their enduring friendship. However, he is ready for the next chapter in Unforgotten, with actress Sinead Keenan filling Nicola's space as new arrival DCI Jessica James. Meanwhile, Sanjeev also shared that, although he despises watching himself on screen, he does have another police detective drama that he's passionate about - Happy Valley. The full interview with Sanjeez Bhaskar runs in this week's Radio Times.