Prince Harry left the audience of The Late Show in hysterics with a joke about host Stephen Colbert's wife during a surprise appearance. In a pre-recorded segment for the show, the Duke of Sussex answered a series of questions from the comedian and TV personality. Royal experts have previously told how Harry has a "great sense of humour" which was proven correct in this appearance as he left the audience and host laughing with his jibe. The infamous quiz, called The Colbert Questionert, sees the TV host ask a number of questions to all his guests. Colbert asked Harry which song he would listen to for the rest of his life, to which he responded: "Love gets sweeter every day by Finley Quaye." The host went on to say he was "not familiar" with the song, to which Harry said he needed "more love" in his life. The presenter then asked whether Harry had met his wife, to which he responded: "Yes we met earlier". The audience then erupted in laughter as the Duke of Sussex went on to say he had "dinner plans" with Evelyn McGee-Colbert. Colbert told how his wife was a "big fan" of the Royal Family and had read Harry's memoir Spare. Speaking on the Express's Royal Round Up, Daily Express royal correspondent Richard Palmer said: "One of the things I liked about him [Harry] was that he always had such a good sense of humour." The appearance marks the first since a controversial South Park episode aired following the release of his memoir. The episode appeared to mock Harry and wife Meghan Markle for their "privacy" claims despite their number of interviews, docu-series with Netflix, and tell-all memoir. READ MORE: Prince William makes 'groundbreaking' gesture towards Kate in Wales Answering other questions on the show, Harry said his favourite scent was "my wife", referring to the Duchess of Sussex, Meghan Markle. The duke’s favourite sandwich is a "cheese and ham toastie with dijon mustard on top" made in a "toastie machine," he clarified to Colbert, who admitted he had not heard the word "toastie" before. "Like a panini press?" Colbert asked. "I have to be sort of careful with these questions because the Americanisms to the British-isms, it’s very different, Prince Harry said. "[That] got me and my wife into a little trouble at the beginning of our relationship." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry and Meghan 'felt forced out' by King Charles, expert says [OPINION]Harry and Meghan to be evicted from Frogmore Cottage [INSIGHT]Meghan and Harry 'being evicted' from Frogmore Cottage by King Charles [COMMENT]    He also told Colbert that he was afraid of snakes and that the most used app on his phone is the mental health coaching platform called BetterUp. He said: "I don’t like sharks but at least they’re contained to the ocean. Snakes can get anywhere." His most used phone app is the BetterUp coaching platform, he told Colbert. "It’s the quickest access to mental health coaching," he said, having been open about his use of therapy and counselling in the past.  