The cost of childcare is spiralling. The combined pressures of affordability and availability mean thousands of parents every year are dropping out of the workforce, or turning down opportunities to take on more paid hours. And thousands of nurseries are running at a loss, and some are even shutting down. With the economy facing severe labour and skills shortages, the pressure to solve this issue has finally heated up. Ahead of the Budget, we at the CBI have voiced our concerns about the impact of childcare costs on families. With research finding that one in three firms believe that the Government should prioritise reforming childcare subsidies, firms have also stepped up in putting pressure on the Chancellor. The CBI believes that solving this issue is long overdue. Despite introducing 30 hours of free childcare a week for three- and four-year-olds during school term time in 2017, childcare in the UK has never been properly funded. We remain behind the pack, with a British family – with two parents earning – spending around 19 percent of their net household income on childcare, compared to around one percent in Germany, five percent in Spain and nine percent in France. With labour and skills shortages at a breaking point, spiralling childcare costs must finally be tackled. ONS data shows that there are 387,000 people who are looking after family at home but would like to work. At a time when the number of vacancies is at a record high and economic inactivity is surging post pandemic, many parents are forced to work fewer hours than they want due to family pressures. Solving this is good for the country and good for business. It will help firms have enough workers to be productive and grow – and put more pounds in the pockets of families with young children. And it must be addressed in two stages. Firstly, businesses need to step up. Jobs that can be flexible should be from day one and employee benefits need to be improved.There are both moral and economic reasons for firms to act, and to create inclusive workplaces that ensure all talent can progress.The biggest differences can be made if roles are advertised as either part-time, full-time or job share. Or when firms can afford to improve enhanced maternity and paternity leave and pay packages.A good example of this is Sony Music. The firm recently announced that it will offer grants to support their employees in paying for childcare – up to £15,000 per year. They are doing it to improve productivity, increase their chances of hiring and crucially to allow women to keep working once they become a parent. But this can’t just be on business. Government also needs to make it easier for parents with young children to access childcare. This means making it more affordable for families. We at the CBI recently called on the Chancellor to announce a boost in funding for the existing childcare provision for three- and four-year olds and expand free childcare hours to cover one- and two-year-olds to get parents back into work. As we approach the Budget, childcare needs to be at the top of the Chancellor’s to do list. Even if some politicians or commentators will argue that we can’t afford it, I believe that we can’t afford not to do it. Extending childcare is good for families, society, and the economy. Growth needs people and it needs productivity. A broken childcare system works against both. When stats show that many of those parents who aren’t in work want to be working, we need to look at childcare differently – as a vital part of the social infrastructure of the UK - so that we fully realise the country’s huge potential for economic growth.