Red Bull could end up with a similar situation to Mercedes in their days of employing both Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, if they move for McLaren’s Lando Norris. Christian Horner’s outfit have been linked with a move for the Brit in the future as questions remain over whether Sergio Perez will remain with the team long-term alongside Max Verstappen. Sky Sports F1 pundit Karun Chandhok has claimed that Norris will be considering a move away from his current team despite having a contract at McLaren until 2025. “I tell you who will be thinking about a move to Ferrari or Red Bull though, is young Lando Norris,” he said on the Sky Sports F1 Podcast. “I do wonder, and if they’re smart they would have created some sort of exit clauses. For example, McLaren don’t finish in the top four of the constructors’ championship two years in a row, is there an option for Lando to look elsewhere?” Red Bull have previously been told to buy out Norris’ contract but pairing him with Verstappen could raise similar concerns that have occurred during Perez’s time with the team. The Brit is a fierce competitor and would back himself to compete for the title, as two-time world champion Mika Hakkinen has tipped him to compete at the very top of the grid. MUST READ Ferrari and Red Bull make same Mercedes prediction ahead of Saudi GP [LATEST] “A very quick driver, he’s achieved a lot, or rather he’s shown convincing results consistently,” Hakkinen said of Norris to Unibet International. “He’s super-talented, no question about it. He’s on the same level as [Charles] Leclerc, Verstappen and [Carlos] Sainz. He’s on a very high level speed-wise.” Two Red Bull drivers competing for the same title at the top of the grid could cause friction, despite Norris and Verstappen being close friends. The Dutchman clashed with Perez last season after defying team orders and did not let his team-mate pass him in a fiery exchange at the Sao Paulo Grand Prix. Don't miss... George Russell could be left red-faced as Verstappen issues identified [ANALYSIS] Red Bull's Christian Horner and Helmut Marko disagree over Hamilton [LATEST] Toto Wolff backs up George Russell over Christian Horner [INTERVIEW] While Verstappen and Norris being friendly would not necessarily prevent them from clashing, as Mercedes found out with Hamilton and Rosberg together. The duo were childhood friends and became team-mates at the Silver Arrows in 2013 when the team had the best car on the grid. However, their relationship began to break down as an intense rivalry was born and eventually saw the two drivers not speak to each other off the track - and the Brit even threatened to quit, he later revealed. Hamilton won titles in 2014 and 2015 while Rosberg came out on top in 2016, though their deteriorated relationship will be a warning to Red Bull if they do wish to pair Verstappen with Norris.