  Roger Moore's son Jaffa Moore has admitted he becomes "choked up" over the footage he recorded of the late James Bond star for his music video, as it turned out to be the last time he saw his father before he died. The musician spoke about his film legend dad, as well as collaborating with the late Glee actress Naya Rivera on the single for his album Photograph, in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Jaffa has released a brand new album with Right Recordings entitled Photograph, including the single You and I, which features a whole host of huge celebrities in its music video. Speaking about filming for the video, which is in aid of UNICEF, the star recalled how he had been “lucky” to record his father shortly before he died. “In the last days of his life, I actually went to see him when he was doing chemo and that was the last day I actually saw him - in the video,” Jaffa recalled. “So every time I see it I choke up a little and get a ball in my throat. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction'      “And I think, ‘How lucky am I to have that footage of him on the last day when I last saw him.’ “I got on a plane the next day and he passed two days afterwards. I was in Los Angeles and I was the last to really find out because of the timezone. “And one of the characters in the video called me up and I thought, ‘That’s very strange, why is she calling me up at seven in the morning. “And she said, ‘Oh my god, darling, haven’t you switched on the news?’ And then that was it.      “And then of course afterwards, with Naya passing, this was a tragedy for her family and also, you know, I just wanted her to be part of this campaign. “It would be great to be sitting with her now. But I know they're both looking down on us now.” Speaking about the making of his single, Jaffa went on to describe how he came to sing with late Glee star. Jaffa produced the star-studded video for the track, which features the likes of Michael Caine and Stephen Fry, with the help of his daughter. READ MORE... Piers Morgan blasts Prince Harry’s claim Frogmore is a 'real home' [LATEST] Paddy McGuinness 'leaning' on pal Kirsty Gallacher as pair grow close [NEWS] Christine McGuinness stayed in unhappy Paddy marriage to feel 'safe' [NEWS]      “We started off thinking it would be great to do a duet, so we thought, ‘Let’s find a guy and girl to sing it,’” he explained. “My daughter was a big fan of Glee, and Naya Rivera was singing, and I said, ‘Goodness, she’s got such a beautiful voice. It would be wonderful to have her.’ “And then I thought, ‘Let’s look for a Robbie Williams or something like that’, but I couldn’t find a male and Naya agreed to sing, so I ended up putting a guide vocal down for her to bounce off of. “And then everyone was saying, ‘You know what? You sound great. Why don't you do it?’ So it was never really my intention to be the lead singer. Jaffa went on to explain how he sent his demo to musical legend Nile Rogers.       “I made it easy for him and said, ‘If you don't like the tune, then just say you don't like it.’ Better that, than to say, ‘Let me think about it.’ “And he just straight up said, ‘I love it. Let me send you a couple of my magic notes.’ So that was wonderful to have him involved in the song.” Discussing how he was able to get so many celebrity cameos in the song, Jaffa explained: “Partly they’re doing it for Roger, but they’re also doing it for a good cause. “You know, my dad committed nearly 30 years to the organisation UNICEF. I thought this would be a wonderful tribute to him.” Jaffa Moore's new album 'Photograph' featuring single ‘You and I’ Ft Naya Rivera is available now.   