 As well as her regular appearance on The View, Whoopi Goldberg returned to screens to star in ABC’s comedy sitcom The Conners. While some fans were glad to see the TV host acting again, others fumed at her starring role and took to social media with rage.   During episode 17, Whoopi Goldberg made a pit stop at Lanford to star in the hit Roseanne sequel series. The actress made an appearance as Mark Conner-Healy’s (played by Ames McNamara) intimidating music teacher, Ms Holland Glen. However, it was later revealed that Holland had a complicated history with his grand-aunt Jackie Harris (Laurie Metcalf). While this was a surprising plot twist, the episode received mixed reactions from viewers as some refused to watch. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance   Taking to Twitter, an angered @Scott21peterson wrote: “Another reason not to watch this liberal garbage. This show sucks so bad I cannot watch it anymore.” @AlexCor54910079 raged: “Is that why the ratings are down, they really want to crash and burn.” @suzicl12 added: “Another reason not to watch.” While @zeldacanuck simply commented: “Hard pass.”  Despite the brutal reactions, other viewers were pleased to Whoopi guest star on The Conners and took to Twitter with excitement. This included @edwardistheman who shared: “I am very excited that Whoopi Goldberg is in this episode.” Another delighted viewer @edwardistheman added: “Whoopi Goldberg is the best.” During the episode, fans gained major insight into Jackie’s childhood and why she didn’t get along with Holland. DON'T MISS:The Apprentice stars details what really happened in taxi drives home [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg slams The View audience member in tense on-air clash [INSIGHT]Whoopi Goldberg branded 'rude' as she sparks backlash on The View [REACTION] The Conners transported viewers back to their high school years as it revealed Jackie was a rifle twirler in Langford High’s colour guard while Holland was a drum major. On one occasion, Holland stood behind Jackie and got hit in the head with the fake rifle. Although Jackie insisted it was an accident, Holland wasn’t convinced and accused her of being “attention deprived.” Still reeling from the incident, Holland added: “I’m spinning my drum, twirling my sticks, and you try to outdo me by flipping your rifle 20 feet in the air.” During the episode, titled The Contra Hearings and the Midnight Gambler, Jackie sat down with Holland to put the past behind them. She stated: “I just was a chance to clear the air,” but Holland hit back: “Why don’t we just leave the air where it is.” Jackie admitted: “I was jealous of you, the cool drummer girl. You were Karen Carpenter.” Elsewhere in the episode, Becky Conner’s (Lecy Goranson) addictive ways resurfaced after she spent her full paycheck on the lottery. The Conners season 5 continues Wednesdays on ABC in the USA. 