  Comedian Roseanne Barr, 70m has insisted she has suffered the worst out of the Hollywood celebrities who have been “cancelled”. The star was ousted from ABC back in 2018 after posting a racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett, a senior aide to President Barack Obama.      Five years after being fired from the revival of her hit sitcom, Roseanne is making her return to the world of Showbiz. While she was fired from her own show, Roseanne, cast members from the sitcom had their own spin-off named The Conners, which is currently airing its fifth season. Since then, Fox Nation has opted to premiere both the comedian’s new stand-up special, Roseanne Barr: Cancel This!, and a documentary about her, Who Is Roseanne Barr? Ahead of her show launches, Roseanne spoke to Los Angeles Times about the controversy. READ MORE: Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star'     Describing her outsing from Hollywood as “a witch-burning”, the comedian insisted that ABC had “denied her the right” to apologise for her now-infamous tweet. “Oh, my God, they just hated me so badly. I had never known that they hated me like that,” she recalled. “They hate me because I have talent, because I have an opinion. Even though Roseanne became their No. 1 show, they’d rather not have a No. 1 show.” She went on to claim that during a call with network bosses that she “told them I thought [Jarrett] was white.”      “I said I would go on my show and explain it,” she insisted. “They wouldn’t let me. They decided I was a liar in my apology.” Despite the Roseanne revival being a smash hit, ABC ultimately made the decision to terminate the series. ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey said at the time: “Roseanne’s Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show.” During the interview, Roseanne compared her experience to that of fellow “cancelled” comedians Dave Chappelle and Louis C.K. READ MORE... Piers Morgan mocks Harry and Meghan for 'playing victim' over Frogmore [NEWS] Andrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long' [LATEST] Gary Lineker sets record straight on ‘logical’ split from Danielle Bux [INSIGHT]      She argued that, while “Louis C.K. did lose everything, he committed an actual [offence].” Indeed, the comedian admitted to sexual misconduct with multiple women in 2017. Meanwhile, she claimed that “Dave Chappelle was protected by Netflix” after the comedian came under fire for telling sexist jokes. During the interview, Roseanne also remembered her shock after the network chose to “murder” her character on the show.      She confirmed that she “couldn’t bear” to watch show spin-off The Conners after everything that had happened. Castmembers from the show also slammed her comments at the time, with actress and executive producer Sara Gilbert saying: “Roseanne’s recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. “I am disappointed in her actions to say the least,” she added. Express.co.uk has contacted ABC for comment.   