A mum has been left "livid" after her daughter returned home from a sleepover with a total of 10 piercings. The 11-year-old had spent the day with a neighbour and her teenage friends before she arrived home with multiple ear piercings. And shockingly, the piercings had been completed by the teens using at-home equipment. Taking to Reddit, the outraged mum explained how she had trusted her neighbours as they are well-known to the family. But she admitted she was a "little reluctant" to let her child spend time with their 13-year-old daughter as she had two older friends, aged 14 and 15, who she would regularly invite round. And her fears were "proven correct" when her daughter returned with multiple new piercings, reports the Mirror. The youngster had a pair of ear piercings prior to the visit but had "never expressed interest" in getting any more. "It is very uncharacteristic for my daughter to do such a thing," the mum wrote. Understandably, the mum was shocked, as she wrote on Reddit: "I have many concerns around hygiene, removing the piercings but mainly how easily my daughter was influenced by the older girls to do something so stupid. "She is also too young to make what I consider a permanent decision and she may also regret the piercings later." She added: "Now has her ears all blinged out with 7 in one ear and 3 in the other. I am very shocked that she did all those piercings and suspect she was likely influenced by peer pressure." READ MORE: Harry will make it less Coronation Day and more Coronation Street   As such, her post revealed she is now "considering banning my daughter from spending time with our neighbour's daughter but not sure if that is a good idea when they are close friends." In response, commenters were quick to share their concern over the story - and reassure the mum her reaction was appropriate. "She went in with 2 piercings and came back with 10??? Done by teens? Not ok at all," read one reply. Someone else thought: "I would be taking all of them out and talking to her about standing up for herself and peer pressure. I would be p****d at the neighbor's for not noticing that s**t was happening and wouldn't trust them." Meanwhile, another commenter advised: "Poor girl. That must of really hurt. I really don’t like those other girls. They mistreated your daughter. Call those parents and she’s not allowed to be around them, or at least not unsupervised. Get the piercings taken out and a trip to the pediatrician."