Manchester United stars Marcus Rashford and Jadon Sancho were quick to show their support for Paul Pogba after the Frenchman returned from injury to make his first competitive Juventus appearance since his return to the club in the Turin derby. The 29-year-old suffered a knee injury in pre-season and finally made his return after over six months out by helping the Old Lady to a 4-2 win over city rivals Torino. Pogba left United to rejoin Juventus over the summer after his contract at Old Trafford expired. He never truly fulfilled his potential in England's north west despite joining for a hefty £89million fee with hopes high that he could recapture his best form on his return to the Serie A. However, the move did not go as he would have hoped after his knee injury forced him to miss over half the campaign. There had been rumours that the Old Lady were prepared to rip up his contract as a result of his injury struggles but they were quickly quashed and he has now returned to the pitch. United stars Rashford and Sancho were among those to send their support to their former team-mate as they posted comments on his Instagram post. Pogba captioned the post, which showcased pictures of his return to action: “All smiles for tonight, so happy to be back. Thank you for the warm welcome.” READ MORE: Man Utd risk repeating Solskjaer transfer mistake with Ten Hag threat Rashford and Sancho both posted hearts underneath with the former Borussia Dortmund man also writing: “My brother, welcome back!” Pogba was introduced as a substitute halfway through the second half with the scoreline still tied at 2-2 and was given a standing ovation by Juventus fans. His introduction helped turned the game in his side’s favour with the Old Lady going on to claim a 4-2 victory. Centre-back Bremer netted the third three minutes after his arrival. Juventus boss Massimiliano Allegri was also keen to show his support for Pogba’s return as he prepares his side for the packed fixture schedule ahead. DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp finally given chance to start quartet together for first timeTottenham could sign four PSG stars as owners 'plan to clear out £100m in wages'Chelsea could sign four PSG stars to transform fortunes with 'mass exodus on cards' "It had been a long time we wanted Pogba back with us and we are happy,” he told reporters after the match. “With a game every three days, we need everyone available.” Pogba made 178 appearances during his first stint at Juventus, scoring 34 goals and contributing a further 40 assists. He helped the club to the Serie A title on four occasions with his midfield relationship with Arturo Vidal, Claudio Marchisio and Andrea Pirlo central to everything the team achieved in that time.