Chris Kaba's "devastated" family are losing patience with the investigation into the causes of the 24-year-old's death. His parents say they are still not able to mourn their son's loss six months after he was shot dead in south London by a firearms officer from the Metropolitan Police last September. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) is conducting a homicide investigation and expected to deliver a report within the next three months. But months after the shooting, his family’s patience is wearing thin. His mother Helen told Sky News they are desperate for answers to grieve their son once and for all: "We want the truth. We want to know what happened and why and how. I need the answer. "I’ve been waiting for six months, I can't wait for another six months. Enough is enough, I need an answer." Mr Kaba’s father, Prosper, joined Helen in expressing his frustration at the investigation. He said: "How are we meant to grieve without any justice? We want answers for our questions: our boy was killed - why? It's been hard, very hard. All of it has been hurting hard. "My family is devastated, my life is devastated. There is no more life." Around 60 people went to the New Park Road Baptist Church to demonstrate their support for the family on Saturday night on the tragic six-month anniversary of Mr Kaba's death. In a joint statement, Chris Kaba’s family insisted they need answers about "why did this happen" and "who will be held accountable". Mr Kaba was killed on September 5 after a police chase in Streatham Hill which ended with his Audi being hemmed in by two police cars in a narrow residential street. A Met police officer shot Mr Kaba dead. The officer involved has since been suspended. An IOPC spokesperson said they are confident the investigation will be completed within the six to nine months announced when they launched it. READ MORE: Sky News presenter apologises for mistaking protest for royal crowds They said: "We are awaiting an external report which we require in order to conclude our investigation, finalise our report and then decide whether or not to refer a file of evidence to the Crown Prosecution Service for a charging decision. "We continue to provide regular updates to representatives for the Kaba family in line with the IOPC policy." While the family have received updates, these have not been sufficiently frequent and meaningful, according to Inquest, a charity that helps bereaved families after contact with the police or state. According to Inquest’s latest report into the IOPC’s processes and procedures: "Families of Black people who die following police contact cannot get accountability for racism from a system that is not 'fit for purpose'." No death of Black police following police custody or contact has led to officers being disciplined for racism, at conduct or criminal level, says Inquest. Black people are seven times more likely to die than white people after police restraint, according to the charity. DON'T MISS: Police issue update in search for missing baby of aristocrat mum [REPORT] Woman raped by David Carrick was inspired by Sarah Everard's mum [REPORT] Fears that UK Cat Killer 'is still out there' with 300 new victims [REPORT] In 2021, the Home Office said: "Data also does not suggest that black men are more likely to die in custody in cases where use of force or restraint is present." Mr Kaba’s parents are still waiting for a decision from the IOPC on whether they will seek advice on criminal charges from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS). The family added: "We must never accept a young unarmed Black man being shot by police on the streets of London as normal. This should never have happened. It must never happen again." READ NEXT:Police officer brands 'rapist' colleague 'legend in my eyes'Met police continue search for a missing teenage girlBoy, 17, stabbed on a bus moments before he was due to get offIran 'posing threat to British public’, warns broadcasterThe Gold star Hugh Bonneville on character ‘losing his temper'