BBC producer Alastair Fothergill worked alongside the legendary Sir David Attenborough to create the first-of-its-kind series, and while talking to Express.co.uk and other media, he paid tribute to the 96-year-old icon. Sir David Attenborough's Wild Isles will present on screen some of the most diverse wildlife and beautiful landscapes on earth - in areas around Britain and Ireland. Executive producer Alastair talked about the original vision for the series and paid tribute to Attenborough as he praised his efforts in creating the documentary. "I first met him in 1997 and have worked with him on many big series," Alastair recalled. "What was amazing is when I first went to him and said, 'How about it?' he was just so enthusiastic. "I mean, when you go to Richmond to talk to him about an idea there's a certain nervousness you know because he's a very decisive man." READ MORE: Bargain Hunt fans slam ‘absolute scandal’ as item is disqualified He continued: "He [David] introduces every episode and he finishes the first episode. "You know, he's 96, we took him to Skomer Island, a remote island off Pembrokeshire. "But as always, he was like a little boy. Partly because now he spends a lot of time in Richmond, you know. "He's doing his amazing work on his narrations, which he will continue to do but he clearly can't travel as much anymore. "So it was an enormous pleasure and a privilege to do it and he really, really loved it actually." Alastair added: "And it comes through - you just have to see the final piece of the marine show because I think it's one of the best pieces to camera he has ever done, actually." Talking about approaching David for the series, Alastair noted how David promised the audience something more incredible than he's ever seen, he admitted: "It was a slightly terrifying promise for us as a team. "You know, when he says, 'I'm going to show you something better than I've seen in the whole world,' it's like well that's fine, but that's a pretty high bar for us to then deliver on.  Don't miss... MAFSA groom 'failed to show connection to new bride'  [LATEST] BBC boss refused 'to wag finger at viewers' in new Attenborough series [EXCLUSIVE] Four in a Bed star puts head in hands over guest feedback [VIDEO] "I mean, it's for you [the audience] to judge whether we have done - I genuinely think we have." Britain and Ireland have some of the most diverse wildlife and beautiful landscapes on the planet, and the major new landmark series will see the wildlife icon celebrating all it has to offer. The series was filmed over three years, and producers noted how the lockdowns during the pandemic actually helped to capture the essence of nature in its truest form. The series will also highlight some more shocking statistics about the impact of climate change but in a more subtle approach.  Producers explained they didn't just want to "wag the finger" at BBC viewers but for them to also be able to enjoy the series as well as realise the threat some parts of the British Isles are under. Using the very latest technology, each episode will capture dramatic and new behaviour across, from battling butterflies to mighty killer whales on the hunt. Sir David Attenborough's Wild Isles starts on Sunday at 7pm on BBC One.