When The Great British Bake Off moved from BBC to Channel 4 in in 2016 viewers expected a few changes to the format. However, it appears producers have pushed it too far with the last series which generated a flurry of complaints. Now they are taking it “back to basics” in an effort to appease the fans and restore ratings. “There is a realisation last year’s show didn’t really work,” a show insider told The Mirror “We’re going to strip it back to basics, with a few twists,” they teased. Amongst the things that fans objected to were the tasks being too complicated and the “mission impossible” time constraints. Last season saw complex challenges such as making a Halloween lantern that had to be a piñata. READ MORE: Channel 4 axes 'rip off' reality show after just one series The comments echoed those of the boss of Love Productions, which makes the long-running show. Richard McKerrow admitted to The Media Podcast the team would strive to put things right for series 14, which starts filming in April. “I’d be the first to hold up our hands and say I feel the last series was not our strongest,” he said. “You’ve got to take a look and go, ‘Sh*t, are the challenges too ­complicated?’ We’re looking very, very, very hard at making sure it’s as good a series as it can be.” The challenges won’t be the only thing changing for series 14 as Noel Fielding will have a new co-presenter. In December last year Matt Lucas announced that he was stepping down from the show. In a statement he said: “It's been a delicious experience and I can't imagine a more fun way of spending my summers. “But it's become clear to me that I can't present both Fantasy Football League and Bake Off alongside all my other projects. DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [SPOILERS]Emmerdale producer details one of the ‘most powerful' episodes ever  [INSIGHT]BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges  [INSIGHT] “So, after three series and 51 episodes, I am cheerfully passing the baguette on to someone else.” While his replacement is yet to be announced judges Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith are both expected to return. Hollywood has been with the show since the very beginning. He was a judge on the BBC version from 2010 before moving to Channel 4 when they show changed channels. Last season’s final was watched by just 5.2million viewers, compared with 7.2m the previous year. Fans had branded many of the tasks “silly”, with “ridiculous” time constraints blamed for an underwhelming final, which saw Syabira Yusoffm bake her way to victory. That compares with the just over 15 million viewers who tuned in to BBC to witness Nadiya Jamir Hussain win the final in October 2015. The astonishing figure made it the most viewed TV show of the year.  Previous series of the Great British Bake off are available on All 4.