Sarah Ferguson has revealed her hurt at being compared to the late Diana, Princess of Wales, who called her "Red" and was like a “sibling” to her. In an in-depth interview before the release of her new book, A Most Intriguing Lady, Fergie has shed light on how she and Diana were united in being made rivals by the press. King Charles and Diana married at St Paul’s Cathedral in 1981 with Fergie and Prince Andrew following not far behind, tying the knot just five years later. From the late Eighties, the royal sisters-in-law were pitted against each other “all the time”. In an interview with the Telegraph, the novelist explained that while the press fawned over Diana’s beauty and slim physique, they slammed her for being "fat". She said: “All the time. Everywhere. Because Diana was beautiful and tall, running out of the gym, and I was fat, frumpy Fergie coming behind. Sometimes ‘fat, frumpy, frolicking Fergie’. Lots of ‘fs’.” Although Diana and Fergie — who are distantly related as fourth cousins — were dubbed “rivals” in the past, the Duchess explained that they both “supported each other”. Fergie, however, was not alone in feeling weighed up against her sister-in-law. In her 1992 biography Diana: Her True Story — in Her Own Words, written by Andrew Morton, the late Princess similarly felt she was shown up by Fergie when among the Royal Family. Fergie had a pilot’s licence, had taken up carriage driving – a beloved sport of Prince Philip — and excelled at sport in general. She told how Fergie had “wooed everybody in this family and did it so well” and said that she had been left “looking like dirt”. Diana added that the then Prince of Wales had told her he wished she “would be like Fergie — all jolly”. READ MORE: Sussexes 'to move forward with impressive work' to change narrative The constant jabs at her weight have always stayed with Fergie, who went on to become the face of Weight Watchers. The Duchess, who struggled with a binge eating disorder from the age of 15, said that the pitting of her against Diana only worsened her issue. The now 63-year-old recounted some of the vitriol that was thrown her way by the media over the years, explaining that it lasted over 30 years, beginning in August 1988. She recalled being called “The Duchess of Pork” with another publication running a story that revealed a survey that had found “82 percent would rather sleep with a goat than Fergie”. She previously revealed that she had at one point been driven to wish that she had bulimia so that she could be as “beautiful and thin” as Diana — Diana struggled with bulimia for a number of years. Speaking to Dr Vijay Murthy on an Unlock Your Health podcast in 2017, Fergie said: “I was a binge eater. I never could get bulimia because I just didn’t have the mental state to go that far, but I always wished I could. But that just shows you how dangerous and what place I got to.” DON'T MISS: The strange forgotten story of Charlie Chaplin's graverobbers  [INSIGHT]Putin's botched PR stunt which left an endangered tiger dead  [REPORT]Linda Kasabian—The key witness who put Manson Family behind bars [LATEST] The Duke and Duchess of York were together for a decade. But in 1992, the couple announced their “amicable” split with their divorce finalised four years later. However, they still live together at the Royal Lodge when Fergie is in the UK. Diana and Charles also went their separate ways in 1992. The Royal ex-wives then grew close, meeting for lunches in Kensington Palace and going on holiday to the South of France in 1996 after both their divorces were finalised. However, Diana stopped speaking to Fergie that year as it is thought she was upset by the fact that the Duchess had included the detail that the Princess had given her pairs of shoes “and less happily her plantar warts” in her autobiography. Fergie told Harper’s Bazaar in 2018: “Because we were like siblings... we rowed. And the saddest thing, in the end, we hadn't spoken for a year. I tried, wrote letters, thinking ‘whatever happened didn’t matter, let's sort it out’. "And I knew she’d come back. In fact, the day before she died she rang a friend of mine and said ‘where’s that Red? I want to talk to her.'" A Most Intriguing Lady, published by HarperCollins for £14.99, is available from March 30.