The late Queen Elizabeth has been accused of lacking "steel" when it came to dealing with Prince Harry whereas King Charles is better at "confronting" his son, a royal historian has claimed. It was confirmed last week that Harry and Meghan Markle had been asked to vacate their UK home at Frogmore Cottage by the King following their ongoing rift with the Firm. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat A spokesperson for the couple said last week: "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." The decision to evict them from Frogmore was not one the Queen would have made, according to royal historian Robert Lacey. He told People magazine: "Charles is now the guardian of the institution. The King just can't sit back. "It shows Charles has a steel that his mother lacked. The Queen could never bring herself to confront Harry as an adult."  It is understood the Sussexes knew about the eviction prior to the publication of Harry's memoir Spare in January and are not trying to overturn the decision. A source told the publication that although the timing is "unfortunate" due to the King's upcoming Coronation, Harry and Meghan are "matter-of-fact" about the situation.  Despite stepping down from official royal duties in 2020 Harry has always expressed his love and respect for his grandmother. READ MORE: William's involvement in Frogmore row raises question on 'revenge' Following the news of Harry and Meghan's renouncing of royal life, Her Majesty said: "My family and I are entirely supportive of Harry and Meghan’s desire to create a new life as a young family. "Although we would have preferred them to remain full-time working Members of the Royal Family, we respect and understand their wish to live a more independent life as a family while remaining a valued part of my family." She added a few days later that the Sussexes would always be "much-loved members of my family" and that she was "proud of how Meghan has so quickly become one of the family". The couple's daughter Lilibet, born in June 2021, was named in honour of the Queen, as Lilibet was her childhood nickname. Don't miss... William and Kate savaged by James Corden as he mocks waxwork of royals [LATEST] George and Charlotte's favourite Disney films laid bare by mum Kate [REVEAL] Sarah Ferguson defends Harry and Meghan's 'beautiful' life [SPOTLIGHT] Harry and Meghan made a low-key visit to the UK in April 2022 on their way to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games and dropped in on the Queen at Windsor. The Duke told NBC after the trip: "Being with her, it was great, it was just so nice to see her. She's on great form. She's always got a great sense of humour with me, and I'm just making sure that she's, you know, protected, and got the right people around her." He added: "We have a really special relationship; we talk about things she can't talk about with anyone else." Two months later the family returned for the Platinum Jubilee celebrations and were able to finally introduce their daughter to her namesake. 