The Strictly Come Dancing presenter will be the first of the latest series to take part in the hysterical I'm A Celebrity Get Out Of Me Ear. The premise of the segment is Ant and Dec are speaking to the chosen celebrity through an earpiece whilst putting them in awkward situations. Tonight, Claudia will take on the challenge but finds herself unable to contain her laughter. In a sneak peek clip, Claudia is standing in a supermarket when Ant tells her: "Claudia, grab a trolley you are off shopping. "Hiya, how are you?" he says in her ear prompting her to say the same to a passing colleague in the store. Ant continues to tell Claudia to say: "Excuse me, can I get some help please?" however Claudia was already struggling with the task as she began to giggle. She tells the worker she is "sorry" before continuing to repeat after Ant: "You know those wooden things, I just need a bit of help I am so sorry. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers "Wooden, I haven't finished," but before she could get her words out she was doubled over the trolley giggling. Watching on Ant and Dec both join Claudia in laughing at the situation, with Dec adding: "She can't do it!" In a high-pitched voice desperately trying to regain her composure, she tells the worker: "It's cork, can you help me? Oh, a cork thing. "Is that it? Sorry, sir..." before he walks away and she continues her shopping trip. Also during the show, comedian Daisy May Cooper is live in the studio as Star Guest Announcer before an epic End Of The Show Show with Frozen The Musical. When the pair first hit ITV screens last month with a fresh instalment of the series, many fans were left annoyed minutes into the show. Tuning in, Ant and Dec kept stressing the fact that the show was being broadcast "live" which irked some viewers. Taking to their Twitter, John B said: "What's with keep stressing it’s LIVE tonight. Hmmm." Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] Sarah Daynes commented: "Are Ant and Dec LIVE tonight by any chance? Only they haven't said anything about it just yet." Alex McMillan added: "I find Dec reiterating they are live four times in the opening minutes of the show rather suspicious." @jackthorington expressed: "What’s with all the ‘we’re live’ comments??" (sic) The pair also attracted some Ofcom complaints as disappointed viewers complained after they branded a prank involving a pregnant woman "distasteful". Ofcom's latest report notes 111 viewers have lodged complaints "related to the series of pranks played on a husband throughout his wife’s pregnancy". The duo have previously explained they are heavily involved in the creation of the show and what they think would work and what pranks they think would be too harsh on their celebrity guests. Capital Radio presenter Roman Kemp asked the duo if there have been any sketches that the producers have asked them to do but refused. Ant explained: "I think sometimes we sit down and they go, 'We thought maybe you could do this,' and we go, 'No, I think that's crossing the line'." Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturday from 7pm on ITV.