Fans of Car SOS will be getting a brand-new series very soon with season 11 hitting screens later this week. The show will consist of 10 new episodes with deserving people getting nominated by friends and family for their beloved motors to get a new lease of life. Season 11 is going to be featuring some famous faces, who will be helping out Tim and Fuzz as they surprise car owners with a spruced-up vehicle. Car SOS is known to leave its viewers laughing and crying in equal measure with inspiring and heartbreaking stories. However, host Tim, 48, admitted even he found the programme too emotional to watch and avoided it if he could. Tim said: “I don’t watch it. I can’t watch it. I’ve only ever watched one episode - or maybe two - of north of a hundred that we’ve done. “My reasons are a - it leaves me as a blubbering mess, b - it’s unhealthy to watch yourself back in videos, you criticise yourself, you find things about yourself you don’t like, and c - I can focus by not watching it.” READ MORE: GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session The broadcaster and radio present went onto say: “Fuzz and I don’t really live this life of, ‘Hey we’re on television’. “I forget it. I think we both do. I think it’s only when people come up to you and go, ‘I love the show.’ I go, ‘What show?’ “It’s become something we’ve done for such a long part of our lives, it’s not about the television show, it’s about the people. It’s about doing a lovely thing. “The reward for me and the reward for Fuzz is the look we give each other and it is something we’ve done for such a long time.” However, Tim’s co-host and mechanic Fuzz, 58, said he was able to watch the series and experience the show as a viewer rather than during the thick of filming and restoring a vehicle. Fuzz said: “It’s when we watch it back, in the same that other viewers when it’s broadcast on TV, that’s when we feel it and that’s when it hits us in exactly the same way. It becomes a bit of an emotional rollercoaster.” The star said they also had a duty of care to the people whose carz they were restoring, so there was little time to get emotional and the effort was on focusing to get the job done. Tim said the process of extracting a person’s car, restoring it, before getting the owner to a place and location they had “no reason to go” for the big surprise was a “tough thing”. He said: “It really is a high stress job in that sense because at moment it could go wrong.” Going on to say: “Fuzz and I always live with this stress of, ‘When is one of these episodes going to get blown open? When is someone going to discover they’re being Car SOS-ed?” Fuzz reasoned it was “bound to happen at some point” but joked for now he and Tim were the “nation’s most successful car thieves”. He added they always put the cars back, so it's more like “car angling” whereby they “catch the car” and then return it. Don't miss... Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [LATEST] Mark Steyn's GB News show branded 'materially misleading'  [LATEST] Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [LATEST] The new series will Tim once again on the road to blag parts for the restorations, while Fuzz is busy working in the garage against the clock to get the motor ready before its owner misses it. Formula One champion Nigel Mansell and boxer Tyson Fury will also be making cameo appearances as they help the duo to restore cars. Series 11 starts with the heart-wrenching story of father Karl, who suffered a series of bereavements as well as family illness with the Car SOS team turning his 22-year-old Ford Modeo into his dream ride. Another deserving motorist will see their car getting revamped after a lengthy hospital stay after suffering from cancer. Car SOS season 11 will start on National Geographic on Thursday, March 9 at 8pm