Carol Kirkwood appeared throughout the latest episode of BBC Breakfast to share how much snowfall parts of the UK had following Tuesday night's Arctic blast. However, the weather presenter suffered a technical malfunction which her colleagues Jon Kay and Nina Warhurst teased her about.  After Carol finished updating viewers on the forecast, hosts Jon and Nina had a couple of questions for her. Nina said: "So it looks beautiful, but as you say, Carol, it's important to be careful." However, the segment took an unexpected turn when Carol grabbed her earpiece and explained it had stopped working. "I'm so sorry, I can't hear you," the 60-year-old told Nina and Jon. "I can see you are talking." READ MORE: Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation    "Oh that's alright," Nina replied as she tried to continue with the news programme. Jon made a joke about the blip, telling his co-host: "I might get one of those as well." "I thought you always have one on this side of your head when I am talking to you," Nina quipped. Carol disappeared from the screen, with Jon joking: "Carol's gone, she's gone.    "She's got no idea. We can just say what we like." The pair chuckled as they discussed some of the frosty photographs viewers had sent in following a night of snowfall. Elsewhere on the show, Carol explained how Tuesday night was the coldest night of the year so far, with temperatures plummeting to -15C in some places. Looking at Wednesday's forecast, Carol explained there was 14cm of snow in Scotland's Altnaharra, 7cm in Odiham, 7cm in Liscombe and 4cm in Almondsbury. Don't miss... Carol Kirkwood mystery fiancé finally unveiled as ‘divorced policeman' [EXPLAINER ] Sally Nugent branded 'naughty' after Carol Kirkwood holiday pics quip [UPDATE ] Carol Kirkwood shares holiday pics amid break from BBC Breakfast [LATEST]  She added: "Much of the UK is embedded in this Arctic air except for the South West where we still have the milder Atlantic air. "So in the South West, you are more likely to get rain from this weather front than snow." There was a mixture of rain, sleet and snow in Southern England and South Wales. The presenter said the snow is set to continue to fall overnight across some parts of the country.    "It's going to be a cold night, but not as cold as last night," she added. "But we may still see -10C though." 