Clare Balding has been confirmed as Sue Barker's replacement to become the BBC's new lead presenter from this year's Wimbledon Championships. Barker bid an emotional farewell last summer in her final tournament leading the coverage of Wimbledon. The likes of Andy Murray, Rafael Nadal, Roger Federer and Billie Jean King were among the sporting icons to pay tribute to the legendary broadcaster at the 2022 major. Barker said on live TV during her final appearance: "It's been an absolute privilege. I've loved it, 30 amazing years. "I'll miss the job and most of all the people I work with. I've been so proud to front the programme so thank you." Speaking a few months after the tournament at an awards ceremony, Barker appeared to hint that Balding would replace her as the BBC's lead presenter for their Wimbledon coverage. "I've loved it all my life, but I know I'm leaving it in the safest hands - it's absolutely wonderful to leave it with Clare," she said. And it's now been confirmed the 52-year-old will take Barker's place having worked on Wimbledon as a reporter, commentator and presenter for the BBC. Balding said: “It’s a huge honour to be given this responsibility but I am very aware that no one person can fill Sue’s shoes. This will always be a team effort and we’re lucky that the BBC line-up includes former professionals with huge insight as well as wonderful reporters and commentators. "It’s my job to bring out the best in them and to help make our viewers feel they have a front row seat on the greatest sporting stage." Barbara Slater, Director of BBC Sport, added: “We are thrilled to announce Clare as our new lead presenter for Wimbledon. Don't miss... Wimbledon 'lift ban on Russian players' but issue new threat [LATEST] Andy Murray rules out 'going nuts' as Brit tips Wimbledon to U-turn [LATEST] BBC respond to claims 60-year Wimbledon tradition to be axed [LATEST] "We know she will combine her passion and knowledge for the prestigious event with the trademark energy and professionalism she brings to both those working alongside her and watching at home, and we look forward to her taking up the new role this summer.” The announcement also comes after the BBC put to bed speculation that they were ending their evening round-up programme. The broadcaster clarified this month that the show will not be cancelled, despite reports suggesting otherwise. A spokesperson for the broadcaster said: "We are not cancelling the highlights programme. Our full broadcast plans will be revealed in due course." The partnership between the BBC and the All England Lawn Tennis Club is the longest in sports broadcasting history, dating back 95 years when they began coverage on live radio.