The Duke and Duchess of Sussex were seemingly reminded of the "value of Britain's monarchy" during their time in the US, an expert has said. Royal author and historian Dr Tessa Dunlop said that, despite their criticism and allegations against the Firm and its members, Meghan and Harry never wanted to "cut free" of the Royal Family, otherwise they would have relinquished their Sussex dukedom. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Rather, the Sussexes appear to understand royal titles are "priceless" in the "slippery world" of entertainment and celebrity they now live in, Dr Dunlop said. The historian told the Mirror: "Harry and Meghan have justified their decision on the basis that they're keen not to deny their children their birthright. "In many ways the move is predictable. If the couple had really wanted to cut free of the Firm they would have shed their own Duke and Duchess privilege. Not a chance. "They understand in the slippery world of Californian celebrity, brands (especially brands with a tinge of monarchical magic) are priceless. "Least we are in any doubt, Harry has made his recent millions trading off his royal heritage. No wonder he is keeping his children's options open." The Duke and Duchess of Sussex released a six-part documentary for Netflix in December entirely focused on their romance as well as their life and struggles within the Firm. The size of their multi-year deal with the entertainment giant was never disclosed but it reportedly neighboured £85million ($100m). Harry also became a best-selling author with his memoir Spare, the proceeds of which he has donated to charity, a book fully focused on his life and experiences also as a member of the Firm. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry 'destroyed on own turf' Meghan and Harry let the public know of their decision to use a royal title for their children on March 8. Upon sharing a statement announcing Lilibet had been christened, their spokesperson called the child "Princess Lilibet Diana". Sources later revealed the Duke and Duchess had informed beforehand King Charles of their decision to start using their children's titles. As Meghan and Harry relinquished the use of their HRH styles upon stepping down as full-time working royals in the spring of 2020, their children will also not be styled as His/Her Royal Highness. Don't miss... Fergie claims she 'hasn't really met' Meghan after curtsey claims [INSIGHT] Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’  [REPORT] Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims [ANALYSIS] Archie Harrison and Lili became eligible to be called Prince and Princess on September 8, upon the accession to the throne of King Charles. In accordance with the 1917 Letters Patent issued by King George V, among those eligible for the title of Prince or Princess are the children of the son of the sovereign. While the Sussexes took a few months to officialise the use of their children's titles, a source has claimed King Charles had told the Duke his children would receive the titles they were entitled to during a private conversation that followed the funeral of Queen Elizabeth II.