 Marcus Willis was one of the stories of the summer in 2016 when he came through both pre-qualifying and qualifying to reach the main draw of Wimbledon, where he got to face Roger Federer on Centre Court although he lost in the second round. The 32-year-old had since retired but is now mounting a comeback in doubles and is hoping to be granted a wildcard for SW19 once again this summer.  2016 was a big year for British men’s tennis at the All England Club as Andy Murray picked up his second Wimbledon crown but before he lifted the trophy at SW19, another home hope made waves before the tournament even started as he received a wildcard into the pre-qualifying tournament while ranked down at No 772. Marcus Willis made a name for himself that fortnight, as he got through the pre-qualifying and beat then-unknown Andrey Rublev and Daniil Medvedev in qualies to make the main draw, winning his opening round to set a dream clash with Federer on Centre Court. A few months earlier he had been considering retirement but the Slough native gave it one last go and found himself receiving a standing ovation after losing 6-0 6-3 6-4 to the tennis legend. However, Willis has since admitted to “struggling” after the high of Wimbledon and ended up retiring in 2021. But one of the home heroes of 2016 is already back in action on the doubles circuit and is now pushing to make a return to the site of his most memorable tournament. Discussing his retirement and subsequent decision to return with the ATP, Willis said: “Post Wimbledon I remember I played a few more tournaments that year and I got injured. I think 2018 was my last singles match, but I sort of got myself into quite a negative mindset. I kind of told myself that nothing would ever be that good again, so what’s the point?” Just in Alcaraz coach explains that naming Djokovic GOAT is 'not right answer' [LATEST] The former No 322 found it difficult to bounce back from such a high, adding: “I struggled. I struggled with the comedown after Wimbledon. It was difficult. I put on a load of weight, I was struggling. I had to go and get some help. I had to go speak to a professional. It’s something I continue to do. It’s something I stay on top of because I don’t want to venture back to where I was.” And after playing two events in Greece in November 2020, the Brit realised it would be “financially impossible” to continue and said he had “lost a bit of love for the sport” before announcing his retirement in early 2020. “I’ve got a family here, I can’t keep chasing this dream anymore,” he thought when deciding to hang up his racket. Willis started coaching at a local club but played an exhibition at the end of 2021 that changed everything, and spurred him on to return to the tour in doubles. “One of the guys watching, who is obviously now a friend, said ‘I can sponsor you to go back on Tour if you want to play,’” he said.  Don't miss... Alcaraz has one big Federer 'regret' as coach shuts down Nadal claims [QUOTES] Tennis star wins event after doping ban but gets outshone by baby son [RECAP] Djokovic could suffer due to two stars after Indian Wells withdrawal [ANALYSIS] “I didn’t need asking twice. So I had to get myself in shape, because I was a little out of shape. It’s luck again. Someone saw something in me, saw ability.” Willis played his first tournament back last July and in a twist of cruel fate, won his first doubles title in the same week that his old rival Federer announced his own retirement. “The news came out and honestly I felt like crying,” he confessed. Ahead of his comeback, Willis had hoped to break the top 500 in doubled by July but he is already closing in on the world’s top 300 and will now hope to receive a wildcard for Wimbledon with partner Scott Duncan, as the pair have won five ITF doubles titles together. Even though Federer won’t be in the Wimbledon draw this year, arguably his most memorable opponent of 2016 could be as Willis’ love for competition has been reignited. “At the start it was really fun. It’s still fun now, but it’s serious as well. I’ve got my goals. I’ve been doing much better than I thought I would, so now I’m kind of hungrier for every match. I’m going after it. I love being out there competing, it’s what I love doing,” he said. 