Emma Raducanu could be seen on home soil again next month as the LTA announced that Great Britain's Billie Jean King Cup tie against France would be staged in Coventry from April 14 to 15. The nation hosted the BJK Cup Finals in Glasgow last November but the 20-year-old was forced to pull out of the team after contracting a wrist injury. The LTA has announced that Britain's BJK Cup team will face France in Coventry's Building Society Arena next month. The country's tie against France was one of the few remaining qualifiers with a host venue, but the likes of Raducanu and Harriet Dart could be seen in front of a home crowd once again after staging the BJK Cup Finals in Glasgow last year, where Britain reached the semi-final for the first time since 1981. Raducanu had been forced to skip the Finals after picking up a wrist injury that ended her 2022 season early but the team - led by Dart and Heather Watson in singles and Olivia Nicholls and Alicia Barnett in doubles - made it to the last four before losing to runners-up Australia. The world No 80 had been part of Britain's squad for their qualifier tie in April last year, when team GB faced the Czech Republic in Prague. At the time, it marked Raducanu's first call-up for the main squad and her first professional match on clay, where she beat Tereza Martincova 7-5 7-5. JUST IN: Alcaraz offers fresh Indian Wells hope as tournament faces Nadal blow  But blistering hampered the British No 1 the following day and she lost 6-1 6-1 to Marketa Vondrousova, with Britain losing the tie in the decisive doubles match. The nation then received a wildcard into the Finals after being named as the hosts, where the team pulled off their heroic run to the semi-final. The squad will be hoping to use the home soil advantage again next month against France, though it remains to be seen who captain Anne Keothavong selects for the team. Following the venue announcement, Chris Pollard, LTA Digital and Events Director said: “It is great to once again have the opportunity to host a home tie for our Billie Jean King Cup team and give tennis fans in Britain more opportunities to experience world class international tennis. DON'T MISSNadal injury takes toll as Spaniard's 18-year streak worryingly endsRafael Nadal gives injury update after 'major breakdown' at Aus OpenDaniil Medvedev kicks off Novak Djokovic mind-games ahead of clash   "We are delighted to be bringing the Billie Jean King Cup to Coventry as part of our vision to open up tennis to new audiences. The Coventry Building Society Arena hosted a victorious tie for the British Davis Cup team in 2013 and hopefully the Billie Jean King Cup team can repeat that success in April." Tickets for Britain's tie against France will go on sale on Wednesday March 8. Keothavong is expected to announce her team in the coming weeks, with players like Dart and Katie Boulter also likely to be on her radar alongside Raducanu. 