Novak Djokovic has reportedly been denied his request to enter America unvaccinated and compete in Indian Wells and Miami, according to Florida Senator Rick Scott. The American politician shared the news late on Friday, claiming that Homeland Security had decided not to let Djokovic into the country and calling on Joe Biden to intervene. Djokovic has been waiting to learn whether he can compete in next week's Indian Wells Masters as well as the upcoming Miami Open, with unvaccinated travellers still banned from entering the US until May 11. The Serb's brother Djordje told Serbian media that the world No 1 had applied for a "special permit" to enter the country and compete - something Djokovic confirmed in a press conference last week. After losing his Dubai semi-final to Daniil Medvedev on Friday, the 35-year-old confirmed he was still awaiting a decision. But according to Florida's State Senator, Homeland Security has now denied Djokovic's request. "BREAKING: We have been told that @DHSgov just denied @DjokerNole's vaccine waiver request, making him ineligible to compete in the US next week in CA & in the @MiamiOpen," Rick Scott tweeted. The voter-elected representative then called on President Biden to overturn the decision, adding: "@JoeBiden must fix this NOW, grant the waiver & allow him to compete here in the states." JUST IN: Nadal showed his true colours after 2008 Wimbledon win over Federer Scott and fellow Florida Senator Marco Rubio had previously sent Biden a letter requesting that the government grant Djokovic permission to enter the country and play in Indian Wells and Miami. "It has come to our attention that your administration is in receipt of a request to waive the current vaccine mandate for international travelers entering the United States from top-ranked men’s tennis player Novak Djokovic,” the letter reads. "We write to urge you to grant the requested waiver, which is necessary to allow Mr. Djokovic to compete in the Miami Open professional tennis tournament held in our home state of Florida beginning March 19, 2023." After sharing the news that Homeland Security had reportedly denied the request, Senator Scott has since tweeted: "It makes NO SENSE that @JoeBiden says COVID-19 is over but still bars @DjokerNole from competing at the Miami Open because of his bogus vaccine mandate." The US Open and United States Tennis Association also released their own statement on Friday, calling for Djokovic to be allowed into the country to play this month's two Masters 1000 events. "Novak Djokovic is one the greatest champions our sport has ever seen. The USTA and US Open are hopeful that Novak is successful in his petition to enter the country, and that the fans will be able to see him back in action at Indian Wells and Miami," it read. DON'T MISSRussia's Rublev renews call for 'peace' as star explains new messageRaducanu could be set for homecoming as Britain gets BJK Cup home tieInside Jimmy Connors' 'chaotic' lifestyle including gambling addiction  Djokovic himself confirmed on Thursday that he would withdraw from Indian Wells before the draw was made if he hadn't received a response from the government in that time. It comes after he had to appeal a punishment from the ATP for a late withdrawal from the tournament last year, when the draw was left imbalanced. “Exactly, before the draw,” he responded when asked if he would leave it as late as possible or pull out before the draw ceremony. But it appears that the five-time Indian Wells champion may already have received his answer from Homeland Security. Djokovic is yet to confirm the news or release a statement regarding his participation in the 'sunshine double' tournaments.