Canadian "intersex" teacher Kayla Lemieux has been put on paid leave after photos emerged allegedly showing her dressing up as a man outside of school. Lemieux has denied being the person in the photograph and slammed neighbours for sharing "false" information about her private life. The Oakville Trafalgar High School shop teacher remains on staff but has been put has been suspended. Halton School district spokeswoman Heather Francey said: "While not currently on an active assignment, the teacher remains employed with the (Halton District School Board)." Lemieux faced a backlash after pictures emerged of her wearing tight clothes and showing off her cup Z breasts during school time. The teacher first showed up to class wearing a long blonde wig, women's clothes and breast prosthetics last year – a scene which sparked a furious reaction from the parents' community. Lemieux's outfit choice was met with several death as well as bomb threats and left the school facing questions about the security measures in place to guarantee the students' safety. JUST IN: 'Brain-eating' amoeba infection kills man who rinsed his nose with tap water Education minister Stephen Lecce and Halton Region MPPs Natalie Pierre, Stephen Crawford and Effie Triantafilopoulos accused the school board of having "abdicated its responsibility by failing to put the interest and safety of students first." The board has mostly stayed quiet while parents called for immediate action to remove Lemieux from the school. Several meetings between board representatives and parents descended into chaos, with the trustees calling for a new "professional" dress code to be introduced across local schools. Halton District's Director of Education Curtis Ennis said: "The HDSB’s commitment to human rights remains rooted in our core values and commitment to each and every student and staff who identifies as a member of an underserved and underrepresented group, and our approach is informed by opinions from leading employment law firms with human rights and equity advisors. READ MORE: 'I wore a wedding dress to my friend's surprise wedding and now she's not speaking to me' "This commitment and approach will continue to be applied as the HDSB looks to fulfil this motion." Lemieux has also been accused of limiting his prosthetic wearing to school hours as the New York Post claimed neighbours had reported spotting a man eerily similar to the teacher around their building. The Post also hired a local photographer to capture pictures of the suspected male version of the teacher, but Lemieux denied knowing the person. She said: "I can’t tell you who that is because I don’t want to bring anyone else into this. “I don’t want that person being thrown all over the media, but it wasn’t me … this is who I am. This is how I look. DON'T MISSWoman, 20, raped and strangled by gang member [LATEST]Man 'bound' woman in his van and threatened to kill her [REPORT]Plane averted after 'terrifying' close call [INSIGHT] "You’ve been talking to people in my building, but what they’re telling you is harsh and untrue. I am always going out looking the way I am.” Lemieux has also dismissed claims she is wearing prosthetics as she claimed to be suffering from a "rare" condition gigantomastia. She said that "XX chromosomes" and "hormone sensitivity to estrogen" also contributed to her developing extra-large breasts. Lemieux said: "The diagnosis is based on verbal discussions I have had with my doctor. "I never requested a note or letter of these findings. I don’t think women, in general, have a formal diagnosis of their breast size. "Now I am being asked to provide proof. I really don’t know how to help you with that.” Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews