Vanessa Feltz announced she had split from her partner of 16 years, Ben Ofoedu, over his infidelity that has left her heartbroken. Prior to their split, the This Morning star talked about being intimate in the bedroom. Speaking on the Grazia Life Advice podcast, while she was still with Ben, she went on to explain that it's "rude" not to fake it if your partner is "trying every trick in the book". Revealing the worst advice she'd ever been given she told the podcast before her split: "Experts say if you fake an orgasm, how will your lover/partner ever really know what you like? So they'll never do it. "I think that is the worst advice because sometimes it is just rude not to fake it. "Sometimes your partner is trying every trick in the book. They have been twiddling and licking and flicking. They're absolutely 10/10 for effort." READ MORE: Harry faces 'exile as he sabotages William bond' says Lady Victoria  She added: "I'm not saying do it every time but on those occasions – when you're not concentrating and thinking about defrosting the freezer and are never going to get there – you've got to fake it, it's only polite. "Everyone saves face and no one's embarrassed or ashamed." Vanessa has since opened up about the support she has received from people after announcing her split. Writing on her 61st birthday in her Yours magazine column, she said: "I've been showered with support and virtually hugged by thousands of lovely strangers.  "In the long, lonely hours when I have no hope of sleep, I read every single message and often reply, a stranger has thought to make time to reach out and hold me. I am touched to my very soul. It comes after Vanessa admitted life "isn't easy" after the split. She shared a video to Instagram on Monday where she revealed she "can't sleep in the middle of the night" but hopes it will get better. While enjoying dinner at the Brasserie Of Light restaurant within London's Selfridges, she was asked by a friend, "Vanessa, you’re looking great but how do you really feel?" After pulling an emotional expression, she replied: "Well, no one said it was going to be easy and I must say it isn’t easy actually, especially in the middle of the night when I can’t sleep and all of that. "But I’m keeping on, keeping on and I’ve got lots and lots of friends and family around me and I’m really loving that. "Everyday I suppose I hope it’s going to get a little bit easier but thank you for asking." Vanessa has kicked Ben out of the home the former couple had previously shared. Ben told the Mirror: “I’ve broken her trust. She gave me another chance. I’ve gone and destroyed that.” Admitting his shame, Ben says: “So many people have been hurt, not just Vanessa. I was so close to her grandchildren, her daughters, their husbands. We’re a close knit family. “My family have been appalled by it as well. There’s been a lot of pain. “My last conversation with Vanessa was me saying how wonderful she was, how she was the love of my life and saying how much I loved her and that I’m so, so sorry it’s happened. ‘Please find it in your heart to forgive me’. Those were the last words I said."