Manchester United have decided against appealing the red card Casemiro picked up against Southampton on Sunday. That is despite Erik ten Hag making it clear he wasn't happy with the decision after the match. Casemiro was initially given a yellow card by Anthony Taylor for a tackle on Carlos Alcaraz. However, VAR recommended the referee reviewed the incident on the pitchside monitor and he upgraded it to a red. It is the second red card the Brazilian has received this season. Therefore an extra game will be added to his suspension, so he will miss the next four domestic matches. The FA Cup quarter-final against Fulham is set to be the first game Casemiro is absent for. United can appeal the decision as it was a straight red.  Read more... Lineker set to return to BBC for FA Cup and MOTD after breakthrough [LATEST] However, the Manchester Evening News claims they have already decided they will not be appealing. Ten Hag has seemingly admitted defeat despite a post-match rant where he criticised Taylor. United were held to a goalless draw at Old Trafford to put a dent in their hopes of challenging for the top two spots in the Premier League. Ten Hag claimed Taylor's performance influenced the outcome of the match. He said in his press conference: "Casemiro played over 500 games in Europe and never once got a red card. Now he has two in the Premier League. His absence is not the issue, we will deal with that. This game was influenced by the referee. "Everyone who knows something about football, you know, and of course, when you freeze it, it looks bad. But everyone who knows something about football, who was acting on top football, they know what is bad, what isn't bad and what is fair. And I tell you: Casemiro is a really fair player, tough but fair.  Don't miss... Alan Shearer and Ian Wright return to TV a day after boycotting BBC [PIC] Roy Keane left red-faced as Sky revisit Arsenal and Fulham comments [QUOTES] Casemiro to be handed long suspension in major blow for Man Utd [NEWS] "And if they isolate one, it's a little bit the same as against Crystal Palace, definitely. When you saw that incident you should have sent off three or four players and not only one if you're really consistent." Casemiro is one of nine United players to have started all three matches in the last seven days. Club legend Paul Scholes warned Ten Hag in midweek that the likes of Casemiro were due a rest. However, Ten Hag ignored Scholes' advice and kept the Brazilian in against Saints. Casemiro will now not be available for a domestic match until the trip to Nottingham Forest on April 15.  Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need. Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE