 A reimagined adaptation of the 1966 cult classic film, Django landed on Sky Atlantic this week. Ahead of its premiere, actress Lisa Vicari opened up about her character and told Express.co.uk what the future could hold for Sara and Django.   Django follows the treacherous journey of a jaded cowboy who travels through different towns to find his long-lost daughter, Sara. Eight years earlier, his entire family was murdered but Django believed Sara had escaped the massacre. Unbeknownst to him, his journey came to an end after stumbling upon Babylon, a town founded by a former slave, John Ellis (Nicholas Pinnock). Set in 1872, just seven years after slavery was abolished, John established the town and invited all outcasts to be welcome regardless of their background or beliefs. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark Django made an unforgettable appearance as he agreed to challenge the town’s starfighter Isaac Borowka (Slavko Sobin) to a brawl. Despite being a stranger to the town, Django defeated the towering fighter and decided to walk away before delivering a final and lethal blow. Under the strict rule, John gave Django his prize money and gave him until morning to leave Babylon or else he would be killed. After Django was caught still sniffing around the next day, John tied him up ready to kill him, but it was then Django locked eyes with John’s soon-to-be wife, Sara. While Sara didn’t recognise Django at that moment, her hatred for her father was eventually revealed when they reunited. She blamed him for the death of her family, who were all killed while Django was away at war. With the future of their relationship still uncertain, actress Lisa Vicari revealed: “She [Sara] had to grow up really fast. “When she was a very young girl, she experienced a lot of trauma in her life, a lot of pain and she still carries a lot of hope within herself for a better world and a place where people from all backgrounds and all genders and everything are free and equal.”  DON'T MISS...1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ [INSIGHT]Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 [INSIGHT]Django on Sky Atlantic will air a double bill every week [INSIGHT]  She explained: “She is in the middle of basically building this place when the man left her as a child, and her dad, Django reappears from nowhere. “He endangers everything that she built up because he's a stranger, the stranger in the town.” Lisa added: “She basically wants him to leave because he might be very harmful for everything that she has built up so far.” Despite her insistence on Django leaving Babylon, he proved himself to John as a fighter, when the town was under attack by Elizabeth (Noomi Rapace).     She and her men wanted Babylon for reasons yet to be revealed. Unbeknownst to everyone, Elizabeth and John have deep history which appears to be bubbling under the surface. After proving himself on the field John welcomed Django to Babylon, despite Sara’s refusal.  Django continues Wednesdays on Sky Atlantic and is available to stream on Now TV. 