Freddie Flintoff, 45, reportedly signed up for the new BBC series before he was involved in a serious crash while filming Top Gear. The former cricketer was airlifted to hospital with facial injuries and broken ribs following the collision in Surrey while filming for the show on December 13. Freddie's new series will be the first he has fronted since his horror crash. The show, revealed by The Sun, would see him speak to guests who want their vehicles transformed by a group of experts. Freddie's role has been compared to Jay Blades' job on the BBC One beloved show The Repair Shop. The Repair Shop sees people have their most prized positions restored by a team of specialised individuals.  READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance Freddie's new series has not been officially announced by the BBC. Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for comment on the commission. Freddie is continuing to recover from his terrifying crash and filming for Top Gear has been suspended. It has not been confirmed when filming will resume for the motor series or if Freddie will make a comeback.  "The problem is that Freddie now has a backlog of shows which are just waiting for him to start filming," a source told The Sun. "As well as Top Gear, which has been put on ice until he’s well enough to consider coming back, he has already signed up for a second series of his cricketing doc series, Field of Dreams." They continued: "So producers have no idea when Freddie will be able to start hosting this new motoring show and it might end up being more than a year away. "It's frustrating for execs who’d gradually been giving him more and more projects in a bid to make him a BBC face."  Don't miss... Top Gear’s future to be decided after Freddie Flintoff's horror crash [UPDATE ] Freddie Flintoff suffered serious facial injuries in Top Gear crash [LATEST] Freddie Flintoff 'puts TV career on hold' after Top Gear horror crash [LATEST] The BBC confirmed the dad-of-four was injured in the crash and taken to hospital for further treatment. Chris Harris, who hosts Top Gear alongside Freddie and Paddy McGuiness, was also at the test track. Following the incident, Freddie's 16-year-old son Corey told Mail Online: "He's OK. I'm not too sure what happened but he is lucky to be alive. "It was a pretty nasty crash. It is shocking. We are all shocked but just hope he's going to be OK."  The BBC launched an investigation into the incident and insisted "all health and safety procedures" were followed. A review of the accident by the Health and Safety Executive found no evidence of any serious failings requiring a formal investigation. A spokesperson said: "We've completed our initial inquiries into this incident and will not be investigating further." Top Gear episodes are available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 