The New Orleans Saints have found their answer at quarterback as they are set to sign former Las Vegas Raiders starter Derek Carr, just weeks after the player refused a trade to the team, NFL's Mike Garafolo has confirmed. The Raiders lost all leverage with Carr when they benched him in the season, admitting that they will be moving on from him after nine years, not playing him so he would not be injured and making his contract guaranteed. Carr was told he was free to speak with other teams to try and secure a trade, and did meet with the Saints and New York Jets, with the Saints reportedly agreeing a trade. But Carr turned that trade down, his right as having a no-trade clause in his contract, which essentially forced the team to release him from his contract. And in a somewhat spiteful move, Carr has now joined the team that he turned down a trade to - which saves the Saints any compensation that they might have given up, while also hurting the Raiders financially. Don't miss... Drake’s sports bets in last year after losing £335,000 on Jake Paul [LATEST] Aaron Rodgers tops NFL average salary list with huge deal  [LATEST] Brady pens multi-year contract to secure career after NFL retirement [LATEST] Because the team had to release Carr rather than trade him, they will incur a bigger salary cap penalty, making it difficult to build their own roster, and replace him while they look for their quarterback. The Jets and Carolina Panthers had also shown interest in Carr, but he has instead agreed a deal to join the Saints alongside ascending wide receiver Chris Olave. With the first quarterback domino falling in Carr, only Geno Smith (Seahawks), Jimmy Garoppolo (Niners) and Daniel Jones (Giants) look likely to hit the free agency market, with Lamar Jackson expected to be franchise tagged or traded. The Jets and Raiders were expected to go for Aaron Rodgers, but might be put off by the lofty asking price from the Green Bay Packers, who want two first-round picks. Smith has been mentioned as a surprise candidate for the Jets, the team he was drafted to and released by after losing his starting job in 2014 when his teammate broke his jaw in training camp.