Peter Kay is currently touring the UK for the first time in 12 years as the beloved comic returned to the stage. The comedian, who is set to continue his comedy tour until August 2023, stopped his latest show at Newcastle Arena. According to reports, the 49-year-old briefly halted his show at Newcastle's Utilita Arena when he spotted an audience member sitting in the front row who required medical attention. The audience member is said to have become unwell. An onlooker said that Peter disappeared from the stage for 15 minutes to try and help the person in question and a wheelchair was soon brought out. Just minutes later the audience member was wheeled out of the arena, they told The Sun. READ MORE: Monty Don shares difficult conditions ahead of Gardeners' World return Peter soon returned to the stage and the comic told the crowd that two more guests had been hospitalised. A member of the audience said: "People near the front started shouting for an ambulance. "Peter asked if they were being serious, then he asked for the big lights to go on and stewards ran over to see what was going on. "Peter came back on and continued the show but said 'three went down then' and he said he hoped 'they were OK'." Express.co.uk has contacted Peter Kay's representatives for comment. The star is in the middle of his 110 live show run in locations including Birmingham, Liverpool and Dublin, which will end in August 2023 at the Sheffield Utilita Arena. It comes after the legendary comic announced a new project via social media. Taking to Twitter on March 1, Peter shared he will soon release a new book - his first memoir in 14 years.  He announced the exciting news on social media, writing: “Introducing... T.V. Big Adventures on the Small Screen,” and invited fans to pre-order. The comic shared a look at the cover, which sees a red front and a photo of Peter in the middle. Social media users flocked to comment as Steve quipped: "As with Saturday Night Peter, this will be purchased from an airport as holiday reading." Christine asked: "Is there going to be a book signing?" Hannah remarked: "Aww love Peter kay got both his books hope there will be book signing might make up for not getting tickets for the tour." Rhona shared: "Yeah mine is ordered." Wilstation asked: "Will it be on audible?" Fans have also been craving the return of Peter as stingy club boss Brian Potter in Phoneix Nights.