Fernando Alonso returned to the F1 podium in style at the Bahrain Grand Prix with Aston Martin appearing to be genuine challengers to Red Bull. Away from the circuit, Alonso enjoys a stunning car collection, luxurious holidays and a range of hobbies with his reported £202million ($240m) net worth. Unlike many F1 stars such as Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappan, Alonso does not live in Monaco. According to Essentially Sports, the Spaniard instead owns a luxury apartment in Dubai valued at around £130million. He is also understood to have a range of holiday homes around Europe including Switzerland and the UK. His base in Britain is near Oxford, close to his former team Alpine but still less than an hour away from Aston Martin’s Silverstone hub. According to GQ India, Alonso has a collection of some of the most lucrative supercars on the planet. He is understood to have picked up the beautiful Ferrari 458 when he raced for the Scuderia a decade ago. He also has a Nissan GT-R and an eye-watering McLaren P1 sportscar capable of 0-62mph in just 2.8 seconds. Alongside his car collection, Alonso is also the owner of an Aprillia RS660 motorbike which he drove to the Monaco Grand Prix in 2021.  READ MORE Wolff and Mercedes 'benefitting from Alonso beating Hamilton' [] Alonso is the only driver on the grid to have his own museum with around 300 cars from his personal collection on display. 1,200 square metre Museo Fernando Alonso features most of his previous cars including F1 and Le Mans machines. Next door Alonso runs his own karting facility with a purpose-built track capable of being divided into 29 different layouts. The track has been approved to CIK-FIA standards allowing it to host international karting events. Alonso officially confirmed he was dating F1 television presenter Andrea Schlager last year. The pair started liking each other's posts on social media and tagging each other on stories before they became an item. She started working in the sport under Bernie Ecclestone’s office but is now the face of Austrian broadcaster Servus TV’s coverage. Schlager has even been seen interviewing Alonso ahead of races with the pair speaking live on air ahead of the 2022 Japanese Grand Prix. Alonso appears smitten with the 40-year-old host, posting a touching message on social media last summer. He wrote: “Happy birthday to a real superwoman @andrea.m.schlager, I feel so lucky to celebrate this day with you.” Over F1’s winter break, Alonso enjoyed a skiing trip in the Dolomites alongside his physio Edo Bendinelli. The double world champion uploaded videos of him walking up slopes with skis and on fitness runs to prepare for the new campaign. In an Instagram message, he said: “Training and enjoying. 20 years working with the best.” The F1 star also enjoyed a summer holiday with his girlfriend although he still made sure to keep shape. During the trip, the 41-year-old uploaded an image of him running on a treadmill while relaxing on a yacht. Alonso commented: “Holidays... but getting ready for the next races. Unlimited possibilities on the @sunreefyachts! I’m enjoying every second of this.” DON'T MISS Martin Brundle explains what's 'doubly painful' for Mercedes [LATEST] Hamilton tipped to quit Mercedes as answer given on Alonso link up [COMMENT] Lance Stroll interrupts Fernando Alonso to take shot at Alpine  [ANALYSIS] Away from the track, Alonso has a wealth of interests including cycling. However, he is a sports nut and has a passion for a range of other disciplines which he plays with pals. When asked about his passions in a 2016 interview with F1, Alonso replied: “Sports in general. I love to ride bicycles. I like football, I like basketball, and I like tennis - calling some friends and playing something!”