King Charles and Camilla have celebrated a major Oscars win for British author Charles Mackesy, known for his bestselling book: The Boy, The Mole, The Fox and The Horse. According to the tweet posted on the Royal Family's Twitter account, the 60-year-old was a "big supporter" of the Queen's Reading Room. Taking to Twitter, the royal couple wrote: "He won! Huge congratulations to Charlie, who has been a big supporter of @queensreadroom since its inception." Speaking two years ago, Camilla shared that she chatted with the author and illustrator about their shared love of drawing animals. During the sweet revelation, the 75-year-old praised the best-selling author, who is best known for The Boy, The Mole, The Fox And The Horse, deeming it an "easy read". Speaking in 2021, The Queen Consort said: "I've read it so many times. It's an easy read but it's a deep read at the same time. "And I just love your drawings. I've spent my whole life as a child doodling horses." READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fans furious over 'sick' Coronation joke on Saturday Night Live During his acceptance speech, Mr Mackesy said that he was "speechless" following the major win. The Suffolk-born author said: "Awards are incredible but I'm speechless to be truthful, but a greater award has been the response from people about the book and the film." Speaking in front of the audience, he also shared a sweet story he had heard in response to his book, one involving a five-year-old. He claimed that a tearful lady had approached him and said that her grandson told her she was "enough just as you are", a quote featured in his book. READ MORE: King Charles to lead first Commonwealth Day service as monarch with landmark speech Also speaking about filmmakers in his speech, Mr Mackesy praised them for their bravery. He said: "I think it takes a lot of courage to make a film and I think when you go there, there will be a lot of brave people in the same room." Following its publication in 2019, The Boy, The Mole, The Fox and The Horse was named Book of the Year by Waterstones. It was also shortlisted for the British Book Awards' non-fiction Lifestyle Book of the Year. Don't miss... POLL: Should Lady Louise be given a new title? [POLL] King Charles likely to completely snub Prince Harry in his will [LIVE] Prince Harry ‘on the horns of a dilemma' over Coronation attendance [LATEST] For an event at Clarence House last month, the new Queen was pictured chatting to Mr Mackesy. Camilla was able to reunite with the author at the reception, which marked the second year of the Reading Room - her book club that she launched during lockdown. 