BBC Radio 2 DJ Ken Bruce is leaving the public broadcaster after 31 years to host a new show on commercial station Greatest Hits Radio. The Scottish presenter’s final mid-morning programme will air from 9.30am to midday on Friday, March 3. But will you continue listening after he leaves? Vote in our poll. Mr Bruce will present a new mid-morning show from 10am to 1pm on Bauer’s Greatest Hits Radio from April,  taking his iconic PopMaster game with him. Prior to his departure, he said he would “always be proud” of his association with the BBC and Radio 2, but that he wanted to continue his career “in a slightly different way in the next few years”. He had been due to complete his contract but the BBC chose to move his final show forward by a few weeks. He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: “It's entirely within the BBC's right to ask me to step away a little early. But for the sake of 17 days, which was all that was remaining [on my contract], it seems a shame.” READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges The BBC said: “Ken decided to leave Radio 2 and it's always been known he's leaving in March. Returning to Wogan House [the station's headquarters] for a week after a month of broadcasting the Piano Room sessions at Maida Vale provided a natural break. We wish Ken all the best for the future.” The mid-morning slot will be taken over by TV presenter Vernon Kay in May, with Gary Davies, host of the station’s Sounds Of The 80s, presenting in the interim. Radio 2 boss, Helen Thomas said: “Radio 2 is home to some of the UK’s best-loved presenters, and I’m thrilled to welcome Vernon to mid-mornings on Radio 2. He’s a hugely talented, warm and witty host, who has already proved himself to be a firm favourite with our listeners when he’s presented many and varied shows across the station. I can’t wait to hear his brilliant new show.” So what about YOU? Will you listen to Mr Kay on BBC Radio 2? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.