   Christopher Dean, 64, updated fans after his fellow Dancing On Ice judge Jayne Torvill, 65, went in for surgery following an injury that had occurred on the ice. Last week, the star had been seen wearing her arm in a sling and told fans that she had ruptured her bicep tendon.      Chris took to social media today to give fans an update on his skating partner’s progress. In view of the pair’s 114,200 Twitter followers, he wrote: “Jayne is out of surgery and all went well. “Just recovery now. Thank you for all you well wishes. White rabbits too,” he added with smiley and rabbit emojis. Fans of the famous skating duo took to the comments section to send messages of support to Jayne. READ MORE: Phillip Schofield enrages Billie Faiers by being ‘b****y to her'     Marie wrote: “Sending lots of love and I hope she has a speedy recovery, thank you for keeping us updated Chris.” Ronnie penned: “Love and hugs Jayne. You are such a wonderful, beautiful, talented woman. Get better soon please.” “Sending speedy healing thoughts from Melbourne, Australia” added Karinas Julie wrote: “So glad everything went well with the operation, sending love and best wishes for a speedy recovery and hope you will be back skating with Chris very soon, Take care.” (sic)      While Miranda commented: “Awwww get better fast Jayne. Don’t overdo things and can’t wait to see you both skate again. Big gentle hugs. Jemima penned: “Bless her heart. Hope she has a speedy recovery and is back to her fighting fit self soon.” (sic) Lesley told the star: “Speedy recovery wishes to Jayne, hope you're not in too much pain.” While Emma typed: “Good news, hope you recover quickly and we get to see you back on the ice soon.” READ MORE... Piers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore' [NEWS] Courteney Cox reacts to Prince Harry's claim he did mushrooms at house [NEWS] Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star' [INSIGHT]     Jayne sparked concern on Dancing On Ice last week, after revealing she would need to have surgery on her arm. Speaking to the ITV show’s host Phillip Schofield, she opened up about the injury while holding her arm in a sling. After Phillip asked her what happened, she replied: Talking of things going wrong on the ice! I’ve ruptured my bicep tendon. So, I need to get surgery-” Cutting in, the presenter shared his concern as he reiterated the fact she needed to undergo surgery for her injury.      Confirming she’d have to get it seen to, she added: “I'll be fine and we’ll be back on the ice soon.” Jayne and Christopher are part of the famous skating duo Torvill and Dean, who won a gold medal at the 1984 Winter Olympics. The pair have since gone on to have successful television careers as the faces of Dancing On Ice. Dancing On Ice returns this Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV   