A number of yellow weather warnings remain in place for the UK until Friday, with most of the UK expecting to see snow and ice. With these warnings, the Met Office has warned that heavy snow has the potential to cause significant disruption on Thursday and Friday. This could involve long delays and cancellations on bus, rail and air travel and small communities could be cut off for several days. There is also a slight chance that roads may become blocked by deep snow, which could cause many vehicles and passengers to be stranded. Drivers are being warned of the alerts, especially when setting off in the morning when temperatures will be at their lowest. With freezing temperatures being seen in parts around the country, frost will appear on windscreens, with experts warning drivers of the potential damage they may cause. READ MORE: EV drivers can save £500 on home charger with car tax tip Before turning the key in the ignition, it is crucial to make sure the windscreen wipers are not turned on before a motorist starts the car. During the night when the temperature drops, the wipers can freeze and stick in place. Turning them on while they’re stuck can damage the motors and there is a chance the rubber could be torn off. When defrosting a car, the best thing to do is get the engine running and switching on the air blower on the warmest setting, according to experts. Don't miss... Driver uses ChatGPT AI to appeal airport parking fine and saves £85 [IMPRESSIVE] Queen Elizabeth's 'elegant and powerful' Bentley Limousine [STUNNING] Motorists issued 'word of caution' before EV switch [WARNING] The airflow should be focused on the windscreen, and if the car has the technology, drivers should turn on the rear-view and mirror heaters. An extra tip, according to Jardine Motors, is to use the air con as well, as the dry air circulating will remove moisture and prevent misting. Motorists are also being advised to avoid potentially wasteful tips, which may not actually work, after going viral on social media. A spokesperson for Jardine Motors said: “Every winter, there are always tips, tricks, and hacks that get posted all over social media sites that are ‘sure-fire ways’ of defrosting your cars. READ MORE: Drivers urged to follow simple tips to clear windscreen frost “These range from zip-lock bags filled with lukewarm water, to half a sliced potato, to using shaving foam on the inside of your windscreen and windows. “While some of these may be able to remove some of the ice and snow covering your vehicle, they’re incredibly impractical in their own ways. “If any water spills from the bag, there’s a chance that it could just refreeze to your windows or windscreen while driving, while the other two just look a bit daft to do.” In comparison, cans of de-icer spray can be purchased for as little as £1, which can be much more effective than the viral frost-clearing hacks. De-icing on the day is important, but extra care can be taken by looking out for the weather reports on the evening news or local news. With this pre-warning, drivers can cover their car or move their car to a more suitable place where there is shelter, like a garage. Yellow weather warnings are in place for much of the UK until Friday, with temperatures expected to drop as low as -3 in northern Scotland. The Met Office advises motorists to avoid travel if possible during snow or ice and if they must drive, they should check the Highway Code.