Those wanting to boost their collection of Sonos speakers will now find two new devices to add to their homes. The Era 100 and Era 300 have just been unveiled by the US audio firm with both featuring Bluetooth and USB-C connectivity plus a new design that's far more fixable than before which should help their longevity. There is also the usual Truplay technology that makes sure the speakers produce the perfect noise for the room they are placed in and they have full support for Alexa so you can ask them to play music, read the news or set timers and get a useful response. The Era 100, which will replace the popular Sonos One, features a compact finish with refreshed touch controls and much-improved sound. In fact, thanks to a 25 percent larger woofer than its predecessor, the US firm says that the Era 100 fills rooms with noticeably deeper bass. There are also dual-angled tweeters which are capable of sending crisp high frequencies left and right for a stereo experience. Want to know about the rest of the range? Check out all the best Sonos deals Meanwhile, the more expensive Sonos Era 300 includes full Dolby Atoms and spatial audio for a more immersive experience. It also features a unique concave design with a whopping six class-D digital amplifiers and two woofers tucked inside that eco-friendly shell. If switching to something new sounds enticing then be prepared for a bit of a price shock. The Era 100 will set you back £249 and the Era 300 costs an eye-watering £449. That's pretty pricey but there is a simple way to make things far more affordable. Sonos is currently offering an easy way to pay things back in instalments without facing any nasty charges for interest. That means the Era 300 will cost £149 over three monthly instalments and the Era 100 costs just £80 over the same period. The offer is thanks to a partnership with the financial brand Klarna with buyers simply selecting this option when heading to the checkout. If you want to know more about these deals we have got full details below. • Sonos Era 100 • Get the speaker for £83 per month • SEE THE DEAL HERE • Sonos Era 300 • Get the speaker for £149.66 per month • SEE THE DEAL HERE It's worth noting that the Sonos Era 100 and Era 300 won't be available until later this month although you can pre-order today. Those who take the plunge early will find their speakers arrive on March 28.