Scammers often target tourists as they are out of their element. A tourist has shared a warning on Reddit about a common “rigged” game that could scam tourists out of money. The tourist said: “I once watched a friend lose all his money to a street game in Rome. These games generally follow a similar pattern. “The guy running the game has several accomplices in the audience. He sets up easy games that appear easy to solve. “The accomplices make stupid mistakes and lose money. The ‘mark’, like my friend, thinks he can see clearly what the other guys are doing wrong and thinks he can do better. “The ‘mark’ finally gets to play the game. This time though the guy running the game makes a change and the ‘mark’ loses. These games are rigged against tourists.” READ MORE: Spain’s crackdown on ‘budget British tourists’ causing issues Tourists might think they can beat the game but the scammer will usually have used accomplices to trick them. The majority of the games are impossible to win as the outcome is rigged so the tourist always loses. Although tricks like this are illegal in some cities, scammers may still try it when the police aren’t around. They have been spotted in many major European capital cities, including London, Paris and Rome. Another tourist said: “Also some of the accomplices may be pickpockets who take advantage of people being distracted when they’re focused on the game.” If tourists appear to be very engaged in watching the game, pickpockets may take advantage to steal from them. Travellers should try to keep money and valuables completely out of sight and be aware of their surroundings when they’re in a crowd. A person added: “The street games are not gambling. There are no random odds allowing some players to win. READ MORE: The UK’s favourite forest is surrounded by ‘charming towns’ “The guy running the game is in complete control of the game at all times. He determines who wins and loses. “And the guy works with accomplices to psychologically set up ‘marks’ into playing. ‘Marks’ always lose.” A common scam game is the three cups, one ball trick. A scammer will ask the tourist to guess which cup a ball is hidden under. Although the game may seem easy to win, it is usually rigged to spot the participant guessing correctly. Street entertainers will usually have to have a licence to perform in cities and could be arrested if they don’t. If tourists want to watch street performers without the fear of being scammed, they could go to a monitored area. All street performers at London’s Covent Garden have to audition for a slot and are thought of as some of the world’s best. Tourists should still keep an eye on their belongings while they’re watching the show as pickpockets may still target crowded areas.