And the British public is at its wit’s end with the Government’s inability to clamp down on the small boats. Britain effectively has an open border along its coast. And the £6.2million daily bill to house migrants demonstrates what a mockery is being made of the asylum system. Thankfully, it seems Ministers are finally making good on their oft-repeated promise to end this farce once and for all. Home Secretary Suella Braverman yesterday unveiled the “Stop the Boats” Bill, which outlines new powers in our ability to detain and repatriate migrants who cross the Channel illegally. These include the “duty” of the Home Secretary to “detain and remove those arriving in the UK illegally, to Rwanda or a ‘safe’ third country”, and a permanent block on those removed from the UK from returning or applying for future British citizenship. There will also be a cap on the number of refugees the UK will settle through so-called “safe and legal routes”. Most significantly perhaps, anyone illegally entering the UK will be prevented from accessing the UK’s world-leading Modern Slavery Act or exploiting these laws to block or delay their removal. Finally, any other challenges or human rights claims can only be heard remotely after their removal. The bill also makes provisions for those fleeing a “safe” country to be denied asylum – an entirely reasonable position considering the whole point of the asylum system is that it should be claimed in the first safe country. By passing through the likes of France and Belgium, migrants are essentially shopping for an asylum country of choice. Lastly, the bill addresses security concerns, including the likelihood of drug dealers, sex offenders and foreign spies taking advantage of porous borders to blend into British society. All of this would seem to get to the heart of the issue.  Currently, the people ultimately deciding who should be able to seek or gain asylum in Britain are organised criminals, unelected judges and a cabal of human rights lawyers. However, the only way the Government’s plan can truly succeed is by harnessing greater cooperation with the French and silencing the European courts undermining our sovereignty. Until then, everything else is just wishful thinking. Indeed, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak is very well aware of this. And he is likely to bring it up when he meets President Macron in Paris on Friday for the first UK-France summit since 2018. Moreover, the Government seems to be taking a more holistic approach to this crisis, with a host of supplementary measures. Some of these include increased funding for the National Crime Agency (NCA) to increase raids on people suspected of working illegally, “moving up to 10,000 migrants into disused university halls and holiday parks to save on hotel costs”, and pledging to abolish the backlog of initial asylum decisions by end of this year. The Government has also announced a new agreement with Albania to place more UK Border Force staff in the country’s capital, Tirana. As well as signing a £63million deal with France to fund more officers patrolling the Channel and the use of more drones to monitor people-smuggling operations. Clearly, the Government is making all the right noises and, as Tory deputy chairman Lee Anderson said in this paper on Monday, if Rishi can solve this issue, it could well prove an election winner against a Labour Party that has not got to grips with migration. However, one important issue which has yet to be addressed is that of “safe and legal” routes for asylum seekers. It is a valid point, often made by the Left, who highlight the inconsistency around criminalising migrants crossing the Channel to seek asylum when the only way to apply for asylum is to physically be in the UK. The Government must expand its capacity for asylum seekers not based in the UK to apply for asylum in a fair manner, as well as tackle illegal routes to enter the UK. It will ultimately give the Government a stronger claim to turn away those who wish to jump the queue. The Home Secretary put it best when she said, “Enough is enough”. The British people are indeed sick of tough talk and inadequate action. people-smuggling operations. Clearly, the Government is making all the right noises and, as Tory deputy chairman Lee Anderson said in this paper on Monday, if Rishi can solve this issue, it could well prove an election winner against a Labour Party that has not got to grips with migration. H owever , one important issue which has yet to be addressed is that of “safe and legal” routes for asylum seekers. It is a valid point, often made by the Left, who highlight the inconsistency around criminalising migrants crossing the Channel to seek asylum when the only way to apply for asylum is to physically be in the UK. The Government must expand its capacity for asylum seekers not based in the UK to apply for asylum in a fair manner, as well as tackling illegal routes to enter the UK. It will ultimately give the Government a stronger claim to turn away those who wish to jump the queue. The Home Secretary put it best when she said, “Enough is enough”. The British people are indeed sick of tough talk and inadequate action. AND STILL THEY COME: Migrants picked up in the Channel disembarking from a Border Force ve