Jamie Carragher has challenged Arsenal to maintain their five-point lead over Manchester City ahead of the international break later in the month. The Gunners staged a remarkable comeback to stun Bournemouth on Saturday and remain at the top of the Premier League with a strong margin over City. Arsenal and City both won their top-flight fixtures over the weekend to ensure they both remain in the hunt for the league title. Mikel Arteta’s side are five points ahead of the reigning champions with 12 games to play. Liverpool icon Carragher continues to back the North Londoners to complete a shock title triumph but believes they need to remain five points ahead of Pep Guardiola’s team heading into the March international break. Arsenal face Fulham and Crystal Palace before players join the national sides on March 20. “I’ve been going with Arsenal of late and I do think it’s 50-50 [with Man City]. I do think they need the lead that they have got on Man City,” Carragher said on Monday Night Football. JUST IN: Man Utd stars 'dreamt of title in WhatsApp chat' before Liverpool loss “I think City are stronger in a lot of areas, in terms of what they have got coming off the bench, coming on to change a game. I think Arsenal need to get to the international break in the same position.” Substitute Reiss Nelson scored a stunning 97th-minute winning goal to help Arsenal come from 2-0 down to beat Bournemouth 3-2 on Saturday. Arteta claimed to believe in fate after the game. He said: “I do believe in fate. It was an extraordinary day and a beautiful experience at the end. Dramatic but worth living it, because there was the greatest end to it.” Don't miss... Ivan Toney cracks Arsenal joke in brilliant Brentford interview [LATEST] Arsenal chief Edu almost signed £21m Fulham winger Manor Solomon [LATEST] Laura Woods destroys Tottenham fan over 'miserable season' [LATEST] The Spaniard added: “Everybody is overwhelmed. It was madness from the first seconds with that routine and we defended so poorly. Then we had to climb a mountain against ten men behind the ball. We tried in every single way, we didn’t score and suddenly we are 2-0 down from a set play. “After that it was don’t lose shape or discipline, do all the simple things right and we did that. We showed a lot of maturity and resilience. We scored one and then the atmosphere and energy changed. “Thirty-one shots and when we scored the second then it was ‘throw the toys out and let's go for it’. The subs made a huge impact and I am so happy for Reiss today. It was an incredible day in the end.”