As one ages, hair texture changes and becomes thinner and more prone to breakage. That’s why it’s important to look after one’s hair every day, according to hair expert at salon Milk and Blush, Nicole Petty. Nicole spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the steps one should take to keep their hair looking glossy and full. The hair expert explained how you can easily look after your hair while you sleep - this takes no time at all and ensures that the hair is as healthy as it can be. Nicole shared what people should avoid while - or before - sleeping, such as heavy-duty eye masks. Wearing one of these can surprisingly cause damage to hair. Nicole said: “While most popular masks are silk, some are designed for function rather than comfort. “For example, those designed for sleep apnoea sufferers have thick elastic straps positioned across the back of the head, as do many Bluetooth sleep masks that allow users to listen to music while they sleep. “The elastic straps can be extremely damaging to the hair as they fit tight against the head, which, over time, will rub and create friction that results in hair breakage and even traction alopecia. “To avoid this, invest in and place a silk hair cover over your hair before putting the mask on to release the tension and protect your locks from breaking whilst you sleep.” Dirty bedding is also to be avoided if you want healthy, thick locks. “According to a study, eight million bacteria can grow on your pillowcases and sheets in just a week and over 22 million after four weeks,” Nicole explained. Don't miss... Queen Letizia turns heads in silver gown with new hairstyle  [HAIR] Grace Kelly's granddaughter divides opinions in 'elegant coat'  [STYLE] Charlene and Albert are 'rather awkward' beside each other [BODY LANGUAGE] “Each time you lie down, your hair will come into contact with your bedding, which means each night you sleep on sheets without washing them, it's exposed to old sweat, loose hair, or even dandruff from previous nights - not to mention any other contaminants. “The consequences of excess bacteria can result in scalp irritation or dandruff, so it’s best to wash your sheets, or at least pillowcases, at least once a week.” Rough pillow cases can cause damage too. “It’s not just dirty sheets that can wreak havoc on your hair, but the material of your pillowcases,” Nicole said. “The average pillowcase is made from cotton fibres, which might be comfy but aren't particularly good for your hair over a prolonged period.  “That’s because cotton fibres are woven tightly together, meaning the hair can’t move freely while you’re sleeping, creating friction which tangles and even breaks the hair.” It is therefore worth investing in a silk or satin pillowcase to reduce friction and help your hair retain moisture at night. Many people shower before bed, but Nicole warned against washing your hair. “Going to bed feeling fresh is a great feeling, but leaving your hair wet isn’t beneficial for hair health,” she said. “Studies have found that when your hair is wet, the cuticle (the outer layer that protects it) is at its weakest, meaning it’s more vulnerable to breakage from tossing and turning at night. Those with chemically-treated hair are even more at risk as the hair cuticle's naturally weaker. “For best results, allow your hair to dry naturally or apply heat-protector spray and blast with a hairdryer before settling down for the night.” Some choose to tie their hair back during the night, whether to create curls come morning or for ease. However, Nicole advised ensuring you use the right hair bobble or tie. “Tying your hair up in tight hairstyles with elastic ties can cause tension on your scalp and result in hair breakage or loss,” she explained. “Instead, switch to silk ties or scrunchies made from soft materials that don’t pull on your hair - this will not only avoid any breakage but help you swerve any dents in your locks that are a pain when styling it in the morning.”