Travelodge is known for its budget-friendly hotel room offering, and up until February 2024, prices are dropping to less than £34 on select rooms. Customers are advised to book in advance to get the best deals. To top it off, the hotel change is also undergoing a major makeover, promising a “new contemporary look” across more than 3,000 rooms by the summer of 2023. With over 580 hotel locations throughout the UK, including in major cities and near popular airports, Travelodge is a great option for those travelling on a budget. And in 2023, there are even more savings to be had on select stays. In February, the budget hotel chain release “thousands” of rooms for £34 or less. This could mean a stay for as little as £17 per person based on two people sharing a room. Early birds have the opportunity to lock in the price of their stay now for a holiday later in the year, with the deal coming to an end on February 15, 2024. The best prices are based on the lowest saver rooms available for stays booked directly on the Travelodge website. The hotel chain estimates there are a total of 878,689 rooms available for £34 or less on stays booked between February 27, 2023, and February 15, 2024. However, the best rates are likely to go fast, so the sooner you lock in your hotel stay the better chance you have of making a lucrative saving. Express.co.uk conducted a quick search and, as of March 2023, cheap Travelodge rooms under £34 for the following dates and locations (subject to availability): Booking your trip in advance is one of the best ways to secure the best prices, with Travelodge allowing customers the opportunity to book up to 325 days in advance. However, there are some other methods Travelodge recommends for those hoping to bag some incredible savings. Stay midweek According to Travelodge, the cheapest rooms are typically available between Sunday and Thursday, as Fridays and Saturdays are some of their busiest times. Although £34 and under rooms are available on weekends, due to the demand, these are likely to be snapped up quickly. Your location Cheap rooms ultimately depend on the popularity of the destination. In London, for example, rooms start at £49. However, given the hundreds of destinations to choose from, searching around could be the key to bagging a bargain. Always book direct While price comparison sites are a great way to see what offers are out there, Travelodge urges customers to book direct if they want the best deals. Try the Travelodge 'Best Price Finder' The hotel chain offers its own price comparison tool which shows the best possible options for your budget, chosen location and dates of stay. Travelodge is undergoing a major transformation project across a number of its hotel locations in the UK, with over 3,000 rooms expected to be given a facelift in time for the summer months. These include "next generation rooms", featuring a new décor style and the addition of modern features including bedside USB ports for charging devices, a TV with Freeview and a comfy, contemporary armchair. Bedding and upholstery are also set to be elevated. Guests are assured a restful night's sleep with soft new pillows and duvets to top Travelodge's signature Dreamer king-sized bed, as well as blackout curtains. Bathrooms are to be updated in every room, promising a modern and simple layout with complimentary hair and body wash, alongside soft cotton bath and hand towels. As an added touch, there will also be complimentary tea and coffee for guests in each room. Many locations are also renovating shared spaces and amenities, starting with a new-look welcome hub, as well as the addition of "stylish" bar cafés. Travelodge has over 580 locations in the UK, spanning cities including, but not limited to: Travelodge also has numerous locations at popular airports including, but not limited to: