Sarah Ferguson, 63, is a loving grandmother to August Brooksbank and Sienna Mapelli Mozzi. The Duchess of York travelled to New York to promote her new book, A Most Intriguing Lady. She told the moderator Samantha Barry: "I love seeing my girls, who are exceptional. Full stop, they're exceptional. "Then on top of that, these two little... baby Eugenie, baby Beatrice, they're looking at me with the big eyes. "They look like my girls. August is teaching me to play trains and diggers. "And Sisi [Sienna] is just mini Beatrice, and she gets little pink tutus, because Beatrice likes to dress her up like Barbie!" READ MORE: Meghan Markle ‘embarrassed’ by Prince Harry, expert claims  A parenting expert, Angela Karanja, who founded Raising Remarkable Teenagers, spoke to Express.co.uk about Princess Beatrice's parenting style. Angela spoke about Beatrice's desire to keep her daughter private. She said: "I believe every mother is entitled to carve their own way into whether they want their children’s matters to be in private or public. "As long as they are at peace with it, it’s ok. If Beatrice feels this to be the best way to protect her daughter, then she should be allowed the liberty to do exactly that. The most important thing is that she is happy and at peace with that choice. "When parents, especially mothers are content and confident in their choices, they are more likely to thrive, and a thriving mother (psychologically thriving) often translates to a thriving child." Don't miss... Meghan Markle appears to wear Diana's gold earrings and necklace [LATEST] Princess Beatrice wears Beulah London dress like Kate - pictures [STYLE] Prince Edward designed Sophie Wessex's 'bold cross pendant' at wedding [PICTURES] Princess Beatrice is also a stepmother to Christopher "Wolfie" Mapelli Mozzi, who she brought to the Platinum Jubilee events as well as the Christmas Day walk at Sandringham in 2022. Angela claims this "is a brilliant thing for Beatrice to do". She added: "There’s nothing as reassuring to any child as knowing they are wanted, and they belong. "All children want is to be seen and valued. This is how healthy and strong self-esteem is developed." The expert explained whether Beatrice has a similar parenting style to her own mother, Fergie, or her sister Princess Eugenie. READ MORE: Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug' Angela opined: "Beatrice and Eugenie, although sisters have their own different styles even when it comes to parenting. "Eugenie is the more public one with more public announcements, sings public praises to her husband, child and family and often shares pictures. "Beatrice on the other hand makes statements with her appearances more than with her words and is more private about her family. "This doesn’t mean one way is better than the other. As long as each is excelling in their space and choice that’s what matters as humans. We don’t all need to be the same. It would be boring not to have this diversity. "One public statement (not in words) that Beatrice made was with the very publicly reported incident when her card was declined during the Glastonbury festival in 2022. How she responded was very remarkable and shows her ability to not be disturbed by issues, especially those she has no control over. "In a situation where many people would have hidden in embarrassment and shame, she just took it on the chin and went back to continue enjoying the festival with her husband. "Right there Beatrice demonstrated she’s got mental fluidity and flexibility, the resilience that is very essential as a parent because children throw you curveballs all the time. "The more mentally flexible and fluid we are as parents, the less frustrated we are with our children and the more connection we can have with them. Connection is one of the greatest foundations for healthy child development. I suppose Sienna and Wolfie are fortunate to have Beatrice as their parent."