  Singer and former glamour model Sam Fox, 56, has reportedly been “beside herself” following the tragic death of her younger sister Vanessa. The star’s sister has died aged just 50 after being rushed to hospital following a heart attack.     The mother-of-four dead on Saturday, nine days after she collapsed at her home following a heart attack, according to The Sun. Vanessa was reportedly rushed from her North London home to St Bartholomew's Hospital in the City, where she was placed in a coma. Former Page Three model Sam is said to have visited her sister in the hospital every day. It is understood that the singer has been left “beside herself” following her younger sister’s tragic death.     “Sam would like to thank the wonderful doctors and nurses for their care and support,” a representative for Sam said. “Sam and her family respectfully ask for privacy at this difficult time.” The pair were said to have been very close, with Sam having only one full sister from her dad's first marriage to her mum, Carole Ann Wilken. The death of her sister is yet another tragedy to hit Sam, as she opened up about the death of her partner Myra Stratton just last month.      The star’s beloved partner died back in 2015 following a battle with cancer, and she admitted that she was reluctant to show people she was in a “sad place” following her sad death. The musician has since admitted she “couldn’t write any songs” for two years, but has since found her voice again after finding new love with wife Linda Olsen, 50. The pair recently wed in a stylish Essex ceremony last year, after getting engaged back in 2020. Thanks to the joy that only new love can bring, Sam has revealed she now has an upcoming album on the way. READ MORE... Johnny Depp surprises staff at Lincolnshire antique store [LATEST UPDATE] Stacey Solomon cleans ‘greasy’ hair after not washing it for 3 weeks [NEWS] Pierce Brosnan's far from his Bond days as star looks unrecognisable [NEWS]      She told MailOnlie: “When my my ex-partner died, I was with her for 16 years and that's a long, long time... “For two years, I couldn't write a lyric. I just couldn't write because everything I was writing was very sad and I didn't want to show people I was in that sad place. “It was very hard for me to actually release anything at that time and go on stage and pretend to be happy. I was quite sad but time is a healer and then I met Linda. “I didn't think at that age, I'd ever meet someone again I was going to settle down with for the rest of my life and I have and I'm in such a great place.”     She went on to describe their relationship as “instant love” and admitted she was “just so happy” in her new relationship. Sam rose to fame as a Page 3 model in The Sun newspaper back in the 1980s and quickly became one of the era's most prominent sex symbols. She went on to sign a record deal with Jive Records in 1986, with her debut single Touch Me (I Want Your Body) becoming a top 10 hit and reaching number one in several countries. The star has also appeared on Celebrity Big Brother, I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! and Celebrity Wife Swap.   