Prince Harry and Meghan Markle want to "have their cake and eat it too" as the couple are expected to attend King Charles' Coronation. US talk show host Megyn Kelly mocked the Sussexes on Thursday for not turning down an "opportunity to be on camera" as one of her guests said the royal pair were trying to enjoy the best of both worlds. Buckingham Palace expects Harry and Meghan to attend King Charles' Coronation on May 6, sources told the Daily Mail, and officials have reportedly drawn up dining and seating plans for the Duke and Duchess. One source also told the paper that Harry and Meghan have indicated that they plan to visit the UK for the momentous occasion. On her latest show, Megyn Kelly said: 'You're shocked, I'm sure, shocked that they have not turned down this opportunity to be on camera in front of the world." Comedian Bridget Phetasy replied: "They just want to have their cake and eat it too. They want to be able to be like 'this is the most racist, horrible family ever'. But also can we please attend all of the functions and get all the press, and make it about us somehow?'" Ms Kelly joked: "I can't wait until they are bouncing little Prince Archie and Princess Lilibet on their knees." Ms Phetasy said: "Good on them. They've really learned how to monetise victimhood and still stay in the family somehow. "I don't understood how or why, but they've got a pretty good grift going." A spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed that the pair had been invited to the Coronation over the weekend. They said: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the Coronation." But they added that the royal couple would not immediately share whether or not they were planning on attending. Don't miss... Meghan and Harry to relinquish control if they attend Coronation [INSIGHT]  Harry is 'determined' to be a 'complete contrast' to other royal [EXCLUSIVE] Meghan and Harry step up public outings to prove they're 'not rattled' [LATEST] Harry and Meghan have been locked in a feud with the rest of the Royal Family after making several allegations and criticisms in TV interviews, a Netflix documentary series and an explosive memoir. Speaking to Oprah Winfrey in 2021, Meghan claimed a senior royal had questioned the colour of their then-unborn son's skin. The damning allegation forced Prince William to say the royals were "very much not a racist family" as pressure built on the Firm. In the Sussexes' Netflix docu-series, Prince Harry also claimed there was a "huge level of unconscious bias" in the Royal Family. But, despite the back-and-forth feud, Palace officials and the Sussexes' entourage have continued to have backchannel discussions - including over the Coronation. The Coronation is set for May 6 at Westminster Abbey and will be televised around the world. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews