A people smuggling 'chief' has boasted that most who make the dangerous, but successful trip across the Channel choose to settle in Britain, claiming they find "life easier" in the UK than in northern France. Speaking to Sky News, a Kurdish man, referred to as Garmiyani, said most of those who run the smuggling 'business' invest the profits they make from their criminal enterprise into Britain as well. Garmiyani is a leading figure in the illegal smuggling of vulnerable people from France to the UK, which has sparked a humanitarian and political crisis. His stark admission comes as Prime Minister Rishi Sunak prepares to unveil new legislation to prevent anyone arriving in the UK on a small boat from claiming asylum. The new hardline laws are set to be published on Tuesday. Mr Sunak has made "stopping the boats" one of his top priorities in office. Meanwhile, Garmiyani revealed the extent to which top smugglers had adapted to British society - with fellow criminals "renting homes, driving cars without licenses, and living a happy life." He said "three-quarters" of his fellow criminals find "life easier" in the UK, and are based here rather than in northern France. The total number of asylum seekers entering Britain on small boats last year was estimated at more than 52,000.     According to Sky News, Garmiyani is the first cross-Channel people smuggler to agree to a face-to-face television interview. He explained: "The money that they make here in France, they invest in businesses there in Britain. They live there, life is easier. "Regardless of their nationalities, three-quarters of the smugglers live in the UK. They are happier there. "They rent houses under someone else's name and drive cars without a licence." READ MORE: Rats as big as cats spark fears for seaside resort's very future  He laughed off claims that the Rwanda scheme would deter asylum seekers from making the journey. The Kurdish man said: "I swear even if they send people to the Amazon, people will come to Britain. "It's their wish to go to Britain. It will decrease but not to the extent that refugees won't come to Britain. "People will still try. People will still come." DON'T MISS: Brits say Rishi Sunak too slow to crack down on small boats [POLL]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s Coronation [LIVE BLOG]We must never again give power to power-hungry people [COMMENT]  Promoting his new legislation, Mr Sunak told the Mail on Sunday: "Make no mistake, if you come here illegally, you will not be able to stay. "Illegal migration is not fair on British taxpayers, it is not fair on those who come here legally and it is not right that criminal gangs should be allowed to continue their immoral trade." Under the new laws, the Home Secretary would have a duty to remove anyone arriving on a small boat to Rwanda or a "safe" third country "as soon as reasonably practicable" and ban them from returning permanently. This comes after the Rwanda scheme has been placed on hold after it was met with fierce opposition from campaigners and legal interventions. The Refugee Council's CEO Enver Solomon said the "flawed" legislation would not stop the boats but result in tens of thousands of people locked up in detention at a huge cost. He criticised the plan: "It's unworkable, costly and won't stop the boats." 