A stinky washing machine can be caused by a plethora of things including body oil, limescale, dirt, hair and soap scum trapped in the gasket and seal. Sometimes a washing machine can smell like rotten eggs, sewage and even mould. One of the worst moments is removing your freshly-washed clothes from the machine only to realise they smell mouldy, musty and unpleasant. To effectively banish foul smells from washing machines, Mrs Hinch fans have shared their simple, household hack. Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, is a cleaning expert and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram. Recently, her fans and followers have taken to social media to share their tips and hacks for solving common household problems like smelly washing machines. On one such group, Facebook user Tina Whittaker posted: “What to clean my washing machine out with so it smells fresh?” READ MORE: Laundry expert shares five common ‘habits’ to ‘stop’ making now The post was inundated with responses but the most suggested hack was to use a dishwasher tablet. Ann Carroll commented: “I use a dishwasher tablet in the drum on a normal wash.” Rho Matthews replied: “Dishwasher tablet on a drum clean cycle or a normal 14-minute cycle.” Michelle Fitzner said: “Three dishwashing tablets on a 50C wash. Stand back and see how dirty your machine is.” Don't miss... Stop cats pooping in gardens naturally using 13p kitchen staple [LATEST] Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] Household staple ‘whitens’ discoloured towels ‘overnight’ [ANALYSIS] Kayleigh Stevens commented: “Smol dishwasher tablet once a week and never close the door between washes.” Annette Geary wrote: “Use a dishwasher tablet and put it on a hot wash. It really works. I do it every month.” Chantal Baillache posted: “Dishwasher tablets. Three of them, and a hot wash every two weeks.” Sue Baker said: “Put two dishwasher tablets in the drum and put it on a hot wash. It cleans the pipes as well as inside the drum and smells fresh after.” READ MORE:Cleaning products you should never mix - includes bleach and vinegar Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Shellie Ingham replied: “I used two dishwasher tablets, a scoop of soda crystals and white vinegar in a wash. Then, I wiped out the rim of the door - the rubber part.” Those with dishwashers will likely have dishwasher tablets at home, but those who don’t can buy them from their local supermarket. ASDA All-in-1 Citrus Dishwasher Tablets cost £5.50 for 60 washes, working out at 9p per tablet. Tesco All-In-One Dishwasher Tablets cost £4.25 for 40 washes. Sainsbury's Advanced Dishwasher Ultimate Lemon costs £6 for 50 washes. Other suggestions for banishing unpleasant washing machine smells included using white vinegar, soda crystals, baking soda and leaving the machine door open. Sue Atkinson wrote: “I use vinegar in every wash in the fabric softener part.” Alison Whiteman replied: “Always leave the door and drawer open after a wash until it’s all dry.” Lyndsay Alderson Rostron said: “Soda crystals and a hot wash once a month.” Belinda Arnold posted: “Bicarbonate of soda in the drum and spray the door and rubber seal with anti-bacterial spray. “Wash on a hot cycle with no clothes in the washing machine comes out really fresh.” Kerry Lou Moreton replied: “Soda crystals on a boiling wash.” Randy Brandy wrote: “Leaving the door open after a wash helps immensely.”