With spring in full force, garden growth has resumed, so it’s time for Britons to be getting to work on gardening jobs - particularly when it comes to lawns. However, when it comes to lawn care, there are many misconceptions floating around of how to boost and maintain it. To help put an end to common “bad lawn care habits”, experts at professional lawn care company Lawn Pride have shared what to "avoid". Many people tend to mow their lawn short because they believe it will keep them from mowing as often. However, the pros explained that they don’t realise “they are actually hurting their lawn” and its ability to grow healthy. One reason is that shorter grass doesn’t shade the soil, allowing the sun to dry it out and eventually thin out the grass. Not only can this cause a lawn to thin out, but because “weeds can only grow where there is room”. It is recommended to keep grass at a mowing height of 3.4 to four inches. If grass blades are left taller, the plant is able to absorb more sunlight giving it the energy it needs to turn water and carbon dioxide into glucose. The lawn specialists said: “This is a critical part of photosynthesis and directly contributes to the health and strength of the plant.” READ MORE: Monty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass According to the experts, the “key to a strong and healthy lawn” is the proper amounts of nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium. Unfortunately, turf grass does not have enough of these “critical nutrients” naturally. This is where a fertiliser program comes in. The lawn pros warned: “Without consistent lawn fertilisation your lawn isn’t going to be able to thrive or look its best.” Gardeners shouldn’t fertilise their lawn during the hot summer months because using a store-bought fertiliser in the summer will increase the chances of damaging the lawn. However, the experts argued when correctly applied, summer fertilisation is “beneficial” to lawns as professional lawn care companies have fertilisers with special additives not found in store-bought fertilisers. The experts said: “These additives slow the release of the nutrients, allowing the lawn to be fed during periods of high temperatures and help keep your lawn strong, healthy, and vibrant." Don't miss... ‘Guaranteed’ step to get peace lilies to flower ‘over and over again’ [TIPS] Kitchen paint colours to avoid that give a ‘cheap and outdated’ look [EXPERT] £1 ‘miracle’ item to remove ‘stubborn’ stains from walls ‘easily’  [COMMENT] If a lawn is mowed correctly, the pros argued that there is no need to ever have to bag lawn clippings. When mowing the lawn, gardeners should never remove more than one-third of the grass blade in any one mowing.” The expert explained: “lawn clippings are a natural source of nutrients for the lawn. As lawn clippings break down over time, it releases nutrients into the soil. “Grass clippings can provide up to 25 percent of the fertiliser that your lawn needs. When you bag your lawn after mowing, you deny your lawn free nutrients.” Plus, contrary to popular belief, lawn clipping do not increase thatch so they do not need to be removed. Grass clippings are about 80 to 85 percent water and break down much quicker than other plant parts. READ MORE: Monty Don shares gardening job ‘not’ to do in March - leave until June It can be a hassle to remove mower blades to have them sharpened or switch out for a new one. However, the benefits of mowing with a sharp blade are numerous, as are the consequences of mowing with a dull blade. When a lawnmower has a sharp mower blade, it creates a clean cut, which means that the grass will recover more quickly.  The experts said: “This helps the grass grow healthy, allowing the grass to fight off the chance of lawn disease. A healthy lawn can also help keep out pesky weeds and unwanted grasses. Keeping a mower blade sharp can also prolong the life of your lawnmower.” When mowing the lawn with a dull mower blade, the mower tears the grass blades rather than cutting them. This results in jagged-looking grass that appears “discoloured”. The lawn specialist explained: “Due to the damage caused to the grass blades, it now must work harder to recover from the cut. This also can leave your lawn susceptible to lawn disease, and not to mention the added wear and tear that you put on your lawnmower. It puts unnecessary strain on the motor when your lawnmower has to work harder to cut the grass." During dry weather, lawns need water or the grass could dry out and eventually die. Once it begins to rain again and receives regular water, the lawn will send up fresh blades of grass. On the other hand, some homeowners water their lawn every other day or even daily. According to the experts, this is a “big no-no”. They explained: “Overwatering your lawn can sometimes have worse consequences than not watering at all. Over-watering causes the lawn to have a shallow root system as it will grow deeper to seek out water.” However, when lawns have consistent sources of water close to the surface, there is no need for the roots to grow deeper in search of the water it needs. Lawns with shallow root systems are more susceptible to disease, insect damage, and weeds. Not to mention, it’s a waste of time and money.