The Baltimore Ravens finally ended weeks of speculation by tagging Lamar Jackson, though their decision to slap a ‘non-exclusive’ label on the former MVP leaves him free to negotiate with other teams. But several of those teams have since indicated they have no interest in signing him - despite previously showing interest - which has left former NFL players crying foul of dirty tactics. Former player and VP of the player’s association, Sam Acho, likened the Jackson’s situation to ex-San Francisco 49er Colin Kaepernick. The former NFL star, who knelt during the playing of the national anthem, filed a grievance alleging collusion by team owners in October 2017 after not being picked up by a single franchise once hitting free agency a year prior. “Outside [league] offices, on the internet you’re hearing the word collusion,” Acho said on ESPN’s Get Up show. “The issue with collusion is that you have to be able to prove that teams are coming together and declining your market value. “I remember with Colin Kaepernick there was a situation of collusion and the issue talking to some of the lawyers is that we cannot prove it” Don't miss... NFL star Stefon Diggs posts cryptic tweets as trade rumours circle [LATEST] Packers' Aaron Rodgers stance after NFL star met NY Jets chiefs [LATEST] Aaron Rodgers faces Packers dilemma as NFL teams decide on star [LATEST] Kaepernick went on to settle his case with the NFL in 2019. The terms of the settlement, which could include monetary payments were confidential but various outlets, including The Wall Street Journal, reported the payout to be less $10m. The Ravens have not been accused of any wrongdoing in relation to Kaepernick's settled case. Acho added: “Within the NFL PA confides they’re saying ‘okay, if you’re going to go about this process of saying this is collusion we have to be able to prove that teams secretly came together and said we’re not going to sign this player.” The ‘non-exclusive’ tag affords Jackson a salary of $32.2million in 2023 from the Ravens, and they’ll have until July 17 to reach a multi-year extension. Though, the two-time Pro Bowler is reportedly seeking a deal that would exceed the five-year fully guaranteed $230m contract Deshaun Watson signed with the Chicago Bears. Recently retired NFL legend JJ Watt was among the famous names to raise questions of team owners, writing on Twitter: “Why are all of these teams so publicly “out” on Lamar Jackson, an MVP winner in his prime at the most important position in the entire NFL? What am I missing here?” Ex-Ravens defensive end Chris Canty was less vague and squarely pointed the finger at team bosses, adding: “I’m extremely sensitive to [this] as are all the former players because we all understand how hard it is to get to the point where Lamar Jackson is now. “Where you have the chance to leverage your talents and get true market value. Players don’t get leverage very often in the NFL, but the adage does when you get the hammer you better swing it. “Unfortunately for Lamar, the owners aren’t going to let me swing the hammer. That’s what this comes down to.”