Lance Stroll sensationally interrupted Fernando Alonso’s interview to take a shot at Alpine after the Spaniard secured a podium on his debut for Aston Martin at the Bahrain Grand Prix. It was a fantastic start to the 2023 season for the iconic British manufacturer with both Alonso and Stroll finishing in the top six. Red Bull’s reigning two-time world champion Max Verstappen dominated proceedings as he led almost from start to finish in the desert, lapping at a speed his rivals couldn’t match early before controlling the race to comfortably take the chequered flag. The win was Verstappen's 36th victory in the sport and cemented his status as the favourite to claim a third successive world championship. Sergio Perez ensured it was a Red Bull one-two ahead of Aston Martin’s Alonso, who impressively took his 99th podium in the sport. His path to a top-three finish was opened up as Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc broke down while teammate Carlos Sainz’s tyres faded late. Ultimately, Alonso and Stroll will be extremely pleased with their performance in Bahrain, which confirmed preseason suggestions that the AMR23 would be competitive at the top of the grid. The Spaniard impressed with tremendous speed in testing and free practice and he was able to convert that into a podium finish. READ MORE: Hamilton disagrees with Russell on Mercedes ambitions after Bahrain GP Despite first-lap contact between the two Aston Martin drivers, Alonso and Stroll appear to be working well together early in their relationship. They congratulated each other in the media pen, with the Canadian interrupting the 41-year-old’s interview to poke fun at Alpine. “Yes, man!” Stroll declared. “You’re happy no? You’re happy you’re not in Alpine - haha! “Happy that you’re in the green car now!” Don't miss... F1 rules, scoring, flags, penalties, and everything you need to know [LATEST] Lance Stroll 'couldn't move hands or walk' after scary crash [LATEST] Norris 'overwhelmed' says Verstappen as he talks 'best friend in F1' [LATEST] Alonso’s decision to switch to Aston Martin was originally believed to be a poor move given their speed deficit to Alpine, but the tables have turned now. The two-time world champion elected to leave Alpine after the French team refused to offer him a multi-year deal, while Pierre Gasly - Alonso’s replacement - finished ninth as Esteban Ocon failed to finish. Meanwhile, Stroll surpassed expectations to finish in a very impressive sixth despite missing out on testing as he dealt with a wrist injury. The 24-year-old was not expecting to compete in the 2023 curtain-raiser due to injuries but he remarkably battled through his injuries to claim an impressive eight points to go alongside Alonso’s 15. Aston Martin will look to continue their form at the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix in two weeks on 19 March.