Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have seemingly given a major hint over a royal milestone for their daughter, Lilibet Diana. The hint emerged in the couple's Netflix docu-series, Harry and Meghan, which was released in December. Speaking in the Netflix series, Hollywood producer and close friend Tyler Perry appeared to hint that Harry and Meghan have already had their little girl christened, despite previous reports over whether or not the couple had planned to do so. Mr Perry recalled that he had received a phone call from Harry and Meghan, stating that they had said, "we'd like for you to be Lili's godfather". He noted his surprise at the request, saying that he "had to take a minute to take that in". Despite seemingly turning down the offer, Mr Perry claimed that he was "honoured" to have been asked by the couple. READ MORE: King Charles has shown he 'isn't weak' after booting Harry and Meghan out of Frogmore The Hollywood producer then phoned the couple back and claimed that he asked them if that means "we need to go over there [to the UK] and do all of that in the church with them and figure all that out, because I don't want to do that". He then added that he told them, "maybe we can do a private ceremony here [in the US] and let that be that and if you have to do it there then that's ok". Sources previously claimed that the couple were "likely" to opt for a US-based christening for their second child. Tyler Perry also revealed that he struck up a friendship with the Sussexes when he reached out to Meghan, ahead of the couple's wedding in 2018. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: Meghan and Harry ‘snubbed by Hollywood’ because they ‘lacked decorum’ He reached out after seeing a host of negative stories about her father Thomas Markle posing for the paparazzi, stating that he "found it to be hurtful if he were my father" He added: "I couldn't even imagine this woman finding the man that she loved, the man of her dreams, and him being a Prince, and then to walk into all of that madness and need the security of family and then have your father do some horrible things". In 2020, shortly after the couple announced their royal exit, Mr Perry reached out again, this time offering the couple his multi-million dollar Beverly Hills mansion as a place to stay in the US. DON'T MISS As they were still senior royals at the time, the couple's first child Archie was christened in July 2019. Archie's christening was held at Windsor Castle, with the Royal Family, including King Charles III and the Prince and Princess of Wales, all in attendance.