Former police dog Stella caused a stir on social media after the sleepy staffy joined BBC Breakfast presenters Sally Nugent and Jon Kay. In the midst of the Oscars awards buzz, there were other winners to celebrate as nine-year-old Stella sparked a delighted reaction from viewers who praised her incredible skills. The pooch was thanked for reminding people how "loving" the breed can be while others applauded the "heartwarming" story. Sally and Jon could be seen grinning as they introduced the special visitor who has recently retired. "Now, forget Oscar winners," Sally remarked. "We have a very special award-winner joining us here this morning..." She pointed to the floor where a tired-look Stella was enjoying a nap. Jon added: "She's looking a little bit tired after a pretty heavy weekend. Down on the ground there is Stella. Stella is a prize-winner." READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap He continued: "Stella's exhausted by her own success. She's a retired police dog, and last night she picked up The Kennel Club's hero dog award at Crufts." "She joins us now live, not particularly lively, with PC Claire Todd from Gloucestershire Police," Sally added. "Thank you so much for speeding in to see us after that tremendous win." Claire explained: "She's gone from rescue dog to hero dog and it's just incredible. "Stella was a drugs dog, she found drugs and ammunition during her police career and thousands of pounds worth and three guns so I'm so proud of her. "She's recently retired, but yeah she's just incredible." The dog remained unexcited as she lay at Claire's feet. Sally asked how a rescue dog joins the police force, to which Claire replied: "Well we saw her talents, she's incredible and able to search so we went down and assessed her. Don't miss... Michelle Yeoh on 'beacon of hope' for Asian community after Oscar win [VIDEO] Endeavour's Shaun Evans pays tribute to Fred Thursday star [LATEST] David Attenborough 'enthusiastic' for BBC show 'never done before' [EXCLUSIVE ] "And she was just fantastic. She trained in just four weeks, it's normally a six-week course "So she's just been incredible throughout her career." Sally asked how it felt to win the special award. "We were quite shocked when we won because everyone is a deserving winner," Claire reflected. "It's just so good to show that Staffordshire Bull Terriers are incredible dogs and in the right hands with the right training they are fantastic." Viewers tuned in were also delighted by the dog's appearance and took to social media to comment on the guest. Twitter user @thesallyrawlins wrote: "@BBCBreakfast Love doggos. This is a fab, heartwarming story." @vegangoth added: "Stella is lovely My brother has a Staffie and she’s such a loving dog, a bit too licky though lol #BBCBreakfast." "#BBCBreakfast Stella is a gorgeous Staffy. Well done Stella, enjoy your retirement," @Dc7073Bloss penned. @Dc7073Bloss shared: "#BBCBreakfast So great to hear the positive side to owning a Staffy. They are amazing dogs, and don't deserve the reputation that they have been given." @sarahabbott76 posted: "@BBCBreakfast Staffies really are fab dogs we rescued our girl and she rescued our son from his anxiety she also likes to watch the world go by (everyone knows her locally)." BBC Breakfast airs weekdays from 6am on BBC One.