The Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) has clarified these easter holiday payment dates for those on Universal Credit, PIP, Carer's Allowance, child benefit, tax credits and more government support. As Easter approaches, many families will be wondering how best they can manage their money over this time. Those on benefits could see their payments issued on different dates because of bank holidays. The DWP clarified when people can expect their payments instead. This year, the dates for Easter are Good Friday (April 7), Easter Sunday (April 9) and Easter Monday (April 10), with the bank holidays between Monday, April 3 and Friday, April 14. If someone is due a benefit payment on either Good Friday (April 7) or Easter Monday (April 10) then they will likely receive their money on the previous working day. READ MORE: Households could get £70 voucher to spend at supermarkets – how to claim The Government has stated that benefits are usually paid straight into peoples' nominated accounts. 2023 Bank Holidays in England and Wales:Friday, April 7 - Good FridayMonday, April 10 - Easter MondayMonday, May 1 - Early May Bank HolidayMonday, May 8 - Bank Holiday for the coronation of King Charles IIIMonday, May 29 - Spring Bank HolidayMonday, August 28 - Summer Bank HolidayMonday, December 25 - Christmas DayTuesday, December 26 - Boxing Day When benefit payments will be handed out around these dates: Easter Bank Holiday: Payments will be made on April 6, if the payment is expected on April 7 or 10. Early May Bank Holiday: Payments will be made on April 28, instead of May 1. Payments expected on May 8 (King Charles III's coronation) will be paid out on May 5. Spring Bank Holiday: Payments will be made on May 26, instead of May 29. Summer Bank Holiday: Payments will be made on August 25, instead of August 28. Payments expected on December 25, 26 and 27 this year will instead be paid out on December 22, ahead of Christmas. Everyone receiving benefits could, in principle, be affected by bank holiday changes. This includes those claiming the following: Usual payment dates If a payment date is on a weekend or a bank holiday people will usually be paid on the working day before. This may be different for tax credits and Child Benefit. Tax credit payment dates for the bank holidaydue date - payment date Child Benefit payment datesdue date - payment date