A search for a missing schoolgirl is entering its fifth day with police growing increasingly concerned for the child’s safety. Ellie Clark was last seen in Tulloch Terrace, Perth, Scotland, at around 8.15am on March 2.   She is described as being 5ft 3in tall, with long brown hair. When she was last seen she was wearing a black jacket, black leggings and black Converse trainers. Police Scotland think the 13-year-old may have travelled to the East Kilbride area. Inspector Kris McCall said, “As time passes we are growing increasingly concerned for Ellie. We are carrying out searches and reviewing CCTV in an effort to trace her. “Ellie has links to the East Kilbride area and I would urge people there, and in Perth, to get in touch with any information that could assist in tracing her."  Inspector McCall added: “Likewise I would appeal directly to Ellie, if you see this message please contact the police on 101 or approach any police officer so we can ensure you are safe.” Anyone with information is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101 quoting incident number 2652 of March 2. Elsewhere in Scotland, police are appealing for help to find a 34-year-old mum who went missing from Dundee with her 10-year-old son on February 15. Mariella Sofia Gardella and her child were last seen on that day at around 12pm. Ms Gardella, who is originally from Ecuador, has links to Dundee, Aberdeen and Edinburgh.  READ MORE: NHS cancer care crisis laid bare as thousands face 'worst' wait times    She is described as being of average build, around 5ft 5in tall, and has a hairstyle that now differs from the picture. It is believed that she now has mid-length dark hair. Her son is described as being of a slim build, around 5ft tall, with short black hair. Constable Jack Knight, Police Scotland, said: “We have been making enquiries since Mariella and her son went missing but so far no one has seen or heard from them. “Local CCTV is being checked, and we are liaising with bus companies and our colleagues in British Transport Police in an effort to trace them both." DON'T MISSPeople smuggler says life in Britain 'easier' and laughs off new laws [REPORT]Prince Harry diagnosed with new condition during live interview wit... [WATCH]EU chief says privately that new Brexit deal fails to 'regain control' [ANALYSIS]  The officer added: “We want to make sure that both are safe and well and so we would ask Mariella to get in touch with police. “We’d also appeal to anyone who knows their whereabouts or who has seen or heard from Mariella and or her son since Wednesday, 15 February 2023.” Anyone with any information is asked to call the police on 101, quoting incident number 1281 of February 20. 