Tottenham players have reportedly grown fed up with Antonio Conte's training methods as the Italian continues to be linked with an exit from the club. Spurs' hierarchy will be keen to avoid another chaotic manager hunt and they supposedly have a lengthy list of targets under consideration. The Lilywhites currently sit fourth in the Premier League, although many expected them to be closer to the top after a mammoth transfer spend last summer. An unexciting brand of football has also left fans frustrated as they enter the final stretch of the season. Conte has been absent from the touchline for most of the past five weeks as he recovers from gallbladder surgery. He has remained in charge from Italy while assistant Cristian Stellini handles matters in north London, although Conte will return for Wednesday's Champions League clash with AC Milan. Despite Spurs' standing in a top-four place and their continued involvement in Europe, many expect Conte to be on his way at the end of the season with fans broadly failing to take to the former Chelsea boss. Don't miss... Garnacho shows up Martinez and Casemiro with Man Utd statement [LATEST] According to The Athletic, many of Spurs' stars 'will not miss' Conte if he makes way, having grown tired of his tactics and intensity in training. There is also a 'broad sense' among the squad that the 53-year-old won't stay beyond the summer. The uncertainty around Conte's situation is causing problems as players weigh up what their future could look like at the club. Harry Kane has a big decision on his hands this summer and whoever takes charge may determine whether the England captain stays or goes. Read more... Arsenal set fresh challenge by Jamie Carragher in Man City title tilt [LATEST] Arsenal deserve 'massive credit' due to Gabriel Jesus says Carragher [LATEST] Man Utd stars 'dreamt of title in WhatsApp chat' before Liverpool loss [LATEST] While Mauricio Pochettino and Thomas Tuchel are two of the front-runners under consideration by the Tottenham hierarchy, the report adds that high-flying Brentford boss Thomas Frank and Nottingham Forest manager Steve Cooper also have admirers in north London. Pochettino seems the natural replacement after his love affair with Spurs fans during his first spell at the club, while Chelsea's downward spiral after Tuchel's departure has enhanced the German's reputation in the Premier League. Frank and Cooper are both earning respect of their own, however.  Frank led Brentford to 13th in their first-ever Premier League season last term, while their active 12-game unbeaten run is unmatched by anyone in the division, putting them well on course for a top-half finish this campaign. Cooper, meanwhile, was under pressure several months ago but Forest responded to rumours on the 43-year-old's future by handing him a new contract. The Tricky Trees spent heavily last summer but Cooper has worked wonders to build a cohesive unit that sits four points clear of relegation danger.