Hanging baskets are the perfect addition to gardens and outdoor spaces. Baskets can be filled with trailing plants, attracting pollinators while adding a pop of colour. Summer hanging baskets can be planted from April onwards while spring hanging baskets can be planted now. However, it’s worth noting hanging baskets will need to be protected from frost and particularly cold temperatures until the last frost day which is usually around the middle of May. With this in mind, experts at Homebase have shared how to create your own hanging basket and the “key” to a successful hanging basket display. If you have a small garden and lack floor space, hanging baskets are a great way to plant flowers without compromising on space that could be used for container plants or garden furniture. Planning a hanging basket can be daunting, especially if you’re not familiar with certain varieties of plants. If you’re struggling, you can buy pre-planted hanging baskets, or you can do some research and make your own. READ MORE: Remove ‘black stains’ from your washing machine seal for 42p When planning your own, make sure the basket is lined. If it’s not, use moss or a ready-made liner which may require holes for drainage. Once a liner is in place, it’s time to start planting. Firstly, fill the basket with compost. The experts at Homebase suggested using a compost that is specifically designed for hanging baskets. They said: “There are composts which are specifically intended for hanging baskets and include wetting agents and even feed. DON'T MISSMonty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass [INSIGHT]‘Fail-safe’ tip to stop cats and foxes pooing in gardens - ‘effective’ [UPDATE]Cleaning solutions to ‘avoid’ using on your sofas [ANALYSIS] “The key to a successful hanging basket is a combination of upright plants trailing plants and a good blend of colour. “Check the labels to find out if the plants are upright or trailing, and look out for tips to care for the plants.” Hanging baskets usually like to be positioned in a sunny spot where they will get plenty of sunlight. Make sure the brackets on your hanging baskets are attached to something solid and are well-secured. Your baskets will get heavier as the plants grow and after they’ve been watered so the baskets need to be well-secured. READ MORE: Plant expert shares the ‘principles of pruning’ roses for ‘new growth’ Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The experts added: “Hanging baskets can dry out really quickly in the summer, so they'll need watering every day.” Hanging baskets need plants that not only adequately fill up the basket but add colour and spill over the basket and trail. Geraniums are a great option for hanging baskets as they come in a variety of colours and are relatively hardy perennials. Fuchsias are also a good choice as they don’t need much attention but produce incredible, bright pink and purple blooms. They will also trail over the basket, adding fullness to your hanging basket. Petunias are another great option as they are eye-catching, come in a range of colours and can spread quickly. If we have another record-breaking hot summer, petunias will likely survive both heat and droughts. A good low-maintenance option for hanging baskets is pansies. These plants come in a range of colours, ranging from yellow to white, blue and purple - and more.