Dr Shola said: “I do expect Harry and Meghan to attend King Charles #Coronation - they have a level of maturity Charles and William are sorely lacking. “I like how they consistently rise above the pettiness, envy & self-destruction Royal Family embodies. It’s just 1 day - they’ve survived worse.” There is uncertainty over whether Prince Harry and Meghan Markle will attend the ceremony on May 6. A statement from the couple has suggested they were weighing up whether or not to attend the ceremony after a tumultuous period between themselves and senior members of the royal family. READ MORE: Harry and Meghan will never get an apology from King, says expert  A spokesperson for the couple said: “I can confirm the Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty’s office regarding the coronation. “An immediate decision on whether the Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time.” It is understood other prospective guests have been asked to save the date ahead of official invitations due to be sent out later this year. Buckingham Palace has so far declined to comment on invitations. Don't miss... Inside lavish royal home where Queen Mother had her honeymoon  [LATEST] Harry's claim Wills and Kate involved in Nazi outfit branded bull**** [LATEST] Prince Harry feared conversations with William would be 'leaked'  [LATEST] While there are uncertainties over Harry and Meghan’s presence at the coronation, there is no doubt about their presence at Frogmore Cottage. It has been understood that Harry and Meghan have been asked to vacate the property, a report confirmed by their spokesperson. The cottage, gifted to Prince Harry by the late Queen Elizabeth II, sits on the grounds of Windsor Castle. It was reported earlier that the home had been offered to Prince Andrew. After receiving the property, it was refurbished by Prince Harry and Meghan at an estimated cost of £2.4m in 2018-19. Initially paid for by taxpayers, the full sum has been repaid in full by Prince Harry. They were reportedly told to leave the property after allegations made by Harry in his memoir Spare, it is these same allegations that have cast doubt over their presence at the coronation.