Edward and Sophie, the new Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, arrived in Edinburgh this afternoon, March 10, and were greeted by crowds on the city's Royal Mile. Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, has been elevated to the Duchess of Edinburgh after it was announced that her husband Prince Edward had been given his late father's Duke of Edinburgh title. The couple spoke with onlookers as they took part in their first royal engagement with their new titles. For the occasion, Duchess Sophie looked snug in a long, wool cream coat with large buttons and an open collar. She combined this with a grey scarf and carried a green clutch bag. The bag was envelope-shaped and featured a crocodile print. READ MORE: Mum hits back at backlash after she said her son goes to bed at 4:30pm Underneath her long coat, Sophie seemed to be wearing a long, blue skirt or dress. She seemed to be wearing nude tights and pointy, nude heels. Sophie's coat was the "Custodi" Double-Breasted Brushed Wool Coat in Sand White by Max Mara. The designer is a favourite among members of the Royal Family, and both Sophie and Kate, Princess of Wales, own many of its garments. DON'T MISS: Meghan is 'effortless' in all black look in California [MEGHAN MARKLE] TK Maxx plans huge expansion with 28 new shops in UK [RETAIL] Queen Letizia wows in green suit and £1,800 jewels [STYLE] The "Custodi" coat was available to buy on Selfridges' website for £825, but it is currently out of stock. Describing the coat, Selfridges said: "Take the Custodi coat, for example - made in Italy, this sleek, slim-fitting style is and suitable for even the smartest of seasonal occasions. "Made entirely from pure wool, button up the calf-length silhouette to keep the cold well away - while stuffing your hands into the perfectly placed pockets will forbid freezing fingers." Sophie was, therefore, in good hands with the Max Mara coat today as Edinburgh was hit with cold weather. Sophie's clutch bag was the Sophie Habsburg Cleo Clutch in Emerald. She has carried this multiple times in the past, including in June 2022, September 2022, and October 2022. Sophie is a fan of Sophie Habsburg and owns many of her handbags. The Cleo bag is still available to buy on Sophie Habsburg's website for £343. It also comes in various colours, including yellow, orange, purple, and black and white. As for Sophie's earrings today, the Duchess wore gold ones decorated with small, multicoloured gemstones. Her bracelets were also dainty and gold. The royal wore her hair in a low updo and she wore minimal make-up. She donned lashings of dark mascara, which emphasised her blue eyes.