Getting the temperature right in homes can be tricky, especially when everyone has a different preferred room temperature. The temperature of the rooms in a home can affect comfort, health and energy bills – but thankfully there are easy ways to reduce your energy costs, without compromising on your comfort. Energy experts at E.ON Energy have shared what temperature they recommend a home at. They said: “The optimum home temperature in the UK is between 18 to 21 degrees, and heating your home above this temperature could have a negative impact on the environment and your energy bills.” Matthew Jenkins at myjobquote.co.uk agreed, as he said: “It’s recommended that you set your thermostat to somewhere between 18 to 21 degrees Celsius in the winter months. 18 degrees Celsius is the optimal temperature for people who are healthy and well-dressed. “It’s best to heat your home based on the health and age of your household. If there are elderly people, young people, or people who are unwell, it is recommended that you set your thermostat to 20 degrees Celsius. “If you have a newborn baby in the home, it’s best to heat the room to somewhere between 16 to 20 degrees Celsius. This is because of the risk of sudden infant death syndrome – a condition which has higher risks if a baby is too hot. The ideal sleeping temperature is 18 degrees. This will allow for a healthy and restful sleep.” READ MORE: ‘Quick rule’ when loading tumble dryers for optimum energy efficiency It is recommended to have a thermostat for each room as those who only have a single room thermostat for the whole house, for every degree they increase the temperature, it will increase the heating bill by about 10 percent. The experts at E.ON noted that when it comes to heating the house, having multiple thermostats is important as “it’s not one size fits all”. They explained: “You might choose to heat your kitchen to a lower temperature (around 18 degrees) as your oven or hob will create extra heat while you’re cooking. “Whereas, you might feel more comfortable having your living room set closer to 21 degrees to create a cosy environment when sitting on the sofa.” Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [TIPS] ‘Fantastic’ 29p kitchen ingredient make ‘stiff’ towels ‘soft’ again [EXPERT] Gardeners share what to ‘never’ do to orchids to avoid killing them [INSIGHT] For those looking to save money on energy bills, they need to make sure they are turning their heating off when they’re not home. The experts said: “While it might be tempting to leave the heating on all day so your home is warm when you return, you’re wasting both energy and money heating an empty home. “Instead set a timer for your heating to come on just before you get home – you’ll return to a nice, warm home but won’t be paying more than you need to.” Then for those who will be home earlier than expected, with a smart thermostat they can turn the heating on from wherever they are with their smartphone. READ MORE: Expert identifies four signs your boiler needs an upgrade Technical Training Manager at Wiser, James Clark, agreed with installing a smart heating system. He said: “A great way to achieve energy savings and ensure optimum comfort for the whole family is to invest in a smart heating system that allows you to zone your heating with smart radiator thermostats. “By only heating the rooms you’re using to the temperatures you want, you can minimise your energy use. “In fact, having individual control of each radiator in your home can help save up to 19 percent in energy usage, and if you activate smart energy-saving modes too, you could save up to £575 a year on your energy bills.” Heating and hot water make up more than half of an average UK household’s energy bill, so it’s important to keep an eye on energy use when heating the home. One way to stay warm is to carry out simple habits like keeping windows and doors closed. This is an easy way to reduce energy waste and therefore save money – instead of trying to heat the entire home, or even worse the outdoors, simply focus on heating the rooms actually being used. Another tip is to check the boiler because if they are more than 10 years old, getting a new and efficient boiler will help avoid wasting energy and save money in the long run. For a quick and easy way to use less heat around the home and therefore spend less on heating bills, households should use low-cost draught excluders to cover any cold spots under doors or around windows. As well as draught-proofing, households should be insulating their home. Insulation not only prevents heat loss to keep a home warm in winter, but it also helps to keep them cool in summer. E.ON estimated that households could save up to £285 a year on heating alone.