Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones wed on May 6, 1960, at Westminster Abbey. The wedding was spectacular as it was the first royal wedding to be televised to the public.  Although the Countess of Snowdon wore a fabulous royal tiara that she purchased herself, and she also showed off her rose-shaped engagement ring, her wedding dress was equally gorgeous. Daena Borrowman, the Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke to Express.co.uk to explain the design behind Margaret's stunning wedding dress. She said: “Princess Margaret was truly a maverick all her life and her wedding day was no different. "Though she looked every bit the iconic English rose that the world saw her be, she stayed true to herself by adding her own unconventional twist to the details of her special day.  "Princess Margaret's wedding dress has gone on to become one of the most iconic royal wedding gowns owing to its classic timelessness. "Her long-sleeved silk organza Norman Hartnell gown featured a voluminous skirt made of over 30 metres of fabric. "A v-neck and a well-fitted bodice and waist ensured that the gown did not overwhelm the 5'1 Princess’s figure." The expert claims that Princess Margaret's bridal gown has lived on through other royal brides.  Don't miss... Meghan Markle appears to wear Diana's gold earrings and necklace [LATEST] Princess Beatrice wears Beulah London dress like Kate - pictures [PICTURES] Prince Edward designed Sophie Wessex's 'bold cross pendant' at wedding [STYLE] Daena continued: "Princess Margaret's wedding dress and its refreshingly contemporary simplicity had everyone awestruck. "So much so, that it inspired Princess Margaret's daughter-in-law, Serena Stanhope, to pay the sweetest tribute to the Princess at her wedding to Princess Margaret's son. "Serena wore a near replica of Princess Margaret’s wedding dress to her wedding - a testament to the forward-thinking Princess’ timeless style, over three decades later." Princess Margaret's son, David Armstrong Jones, married Serena Stanhope in 1993, however, the two sadly separated in 2020.  As well as her wedding dress, Princess Margaret wowed the world in 1960 with her choice of tiara. Daena explained: "Despite how striking her gown looked, it was her headpiece of choice that stole hearts on the day. "In typical Princess Margaret fashion, she did something rather unusual for the time. "Instead of borrowing a tiara from the royal collection, the Princess wore a tiara that she herself had purchased - the Poltimore Tiara, which she had bought at an auction in 1959 from the grandson of the 4th Baron Poltimore, for around £5,500.  "Unlike most royal Princesses who wear a tiara for the first time on their wedding day, Princess Margaret broke with tradition by wearing the tiara on numerous occasions before her wedding. "Designed by Garrard in 1870, the diamond-spangled silver and gold tiara is patterned with flower and scroll motifs. "It is by far, one of the most functional tiaras ever, as it can be broken down into a necklace as well as 11 brooches. "A cathedral-length veil and her distinctive bouffant updo added just the right finishing touch to Princess Margaret’s wedding day look.” 