Dan Walker read out a series of text messages from Gary Lineker following the BBC's decision to pull him off the air this weekend. The former BBC Breakfast presenter said he was "texting the main man himself", who claimed the broadcaster "told him to step back" and that he wasn't going to apologise for his tweets. Dan began: "I'm actually texting the man himself at the moment. "And I've asked Gary Lineker the question about whether he is stepping back or whether the BBC has asked him to step back. "And I've told him that if he responds to me that I will read out that text on air. "There's one word in there I can't use. But he has said 'no, they told me I have to step back'. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers "Gary Lineker wants to continue to present Match of the Day and he's not apologising for what he said. "But he says it's a BBC decision to force him to not present the programme at the moment." Gary is yet to pubicly address the news, but on Thursday he thanked his fans for their ongoing support. He went on to say he was looking forward to presenting this weekend's Match of the Day. In view of his 8.7 million followers, he wrote: "Well, it’s been an interesting couple of days. "Happy that this ridiculously out of proportion story seems to be abating and very much looking forward to presenting @BBCMOTD on Saturday. "Thanks again for all your incredible support. It’s been overwhelming." (sic)  Don't miss... The Apprentice fans slam 'woke BBC' for all-female final [LATEST] Gary Lineker steps back from Match of the Day after tweet backlash [INSIGHT] Bargain Hunt expert shares disappointment over valuation [NEWS] Gary's co-host Ian Wright has also pulled out of hosting Match of the Day. "Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity," he wrote on Twitter. Ian's celebrity followers have backed his decision, with Jeremy Clarkson tweeting: "Good on you mate." James Haskell also shared his thoughts, as he replied: "Well done mate. I can’t believe this is even a thing. It’s a Joke. BBC has lost the plot." The BBC's decision came after Gary shared his thoughts about the government's migrant policy. The football presenter had compared the new migration policy to the tactics of Nazi Germany in tweets earlier this week. After sharing a video from the Home Office featuring Suella Braverman, Gary wrote: "There is no huge influx. We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the 30s, and I’m out of order?" (sic)