It has been confirmed that Rafael Nadal’s incredible 18-year streak inside the world’s top 10 will finally come to an end later this month amid his injury woes. It comes after the 36-year-old offered a heartbreaking injury update on Thursday as he revealed he had not set a comeback date yet and admitted the setback “mentally destroyed” him. Nadal’s season has been short-lived so far, with the Spaniard crashing out in the second round of the Australian Open where he picked up a fresh leg injury that has since seen him withdraw from Dubai, Indian Wells and Miami. Currently ranked at No 8 in the world, Nadal’s streak in the top 10 has finally been given an expiry date for the first time since he made his debut in the elite group of the rankings 18 years ago. It was almost certain that the 22-time Grand Slam champion would exit the top 10 after pulling out of Indian Wells and Miami but it has now been officially confirmed following Taylor Fritz’s run to the Acapulco semi-final. And Nadal will now exit the top 10 on March 20 - following the Indian Wells Masters. His incredible record streak of almost a full 18 years in the top 10 will end at 912 weeks by the time he drops out, with Nadal never having previously dropped below No 10 in the world since his debut on April 18 2005, fresh off the back of winning the first of his 12 Barcelona titles. JUST IN: Daniil Medvedev kicks off Novak Djokovic mind-games ahead of clash   Nadal has gone just 1-3 in matches this year, losing his first two of the season to Cameron Norrie and Alex de Minaur at the United Cup before downing Britain’s Jack Draper in the first round of the Australian Open, where the Spaniard was the defending champion. But he was already a set down to Mackenzie McDonald in the second round when he picked up his latest injury, losing in straight sets. The 92-time title winner has since been seen training on the clay at his Rafa Nadal Academy in Mallorca, sparking hope that he will return at next month’s Monte Carlo Masters. But Nadal provided a bleak update on Thursday as he attended Real Madrid’s Copa del Rey semi-final first leg defeat to Barcelona. "I do not know yet. I had a major breakdown in Australia and I don't have a return date,” Nadal said of his comeback. “It is taking me time and a lot of work to recover. I am doing weekly check-ups. We will have to see how I evolve, but I'm not here today, we'll see.” DON'T MISSRoger Federer and Wimbledon tease meeting as hopes for new role growNovak Djokovic sets potential Daniil Medvedev showdown with Dubai winEmma Raducanu receives Miami Open wildcard as schedule takes shape While it was taking time, the 36-year-old said he was making a recovery but needed to be patient, adding: “I am recovering. I do as much work as I can every day to recover as well as possible. I go day by day. I don't know when I'll be back, when I'm fine. And then we will have to have a little patience. “I hurt my muscle, I tore a bit of my tendon in a very complicated place, the psoas, because in tennis we get strength from there. It is a slower evolution than we would like, but there is no choice but to be a little patient.” 