Amy Hart, who entered the Love Island villa in 2019, has shared her happy news on Instagram today. The news comes just a year after she underwent fertility treatment to freeze her eggs. Taking to the picture-sharing site, the reality star shared a series of heartwarming photos alongside her boyfriend Sam Rason. Her newborn rested on her chest as she admitted she spent "five long days in hospital" but now she is home. In view of 1.1 million followers, Amy penned: "Well…. 4 days of contractions at home (which everyone told us were Braxton hicks… they weren’t, 4 very short hours in the delivery suite and 5 long days in hospital later, we are home with our dreamy baby boy born at 3.31am on 3/3/23 weighing 8lbs with the most beautiful head of hair (Amy would take the 9 months of reflux again) and we are so so in love. Proper introductions to come but now we’re home safe and sound. Thank you to everyone who sent their well wishes. We really appreciated it over the last few days [here’s a few delivery room snaps, can’t wait to show you his beautiful, non post birth swollen face]." READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz’s ex Ben Ofoedu reacts after claim she 'faked' orgasms  She also took to her stories and thanked social media users for their heartwarming messages. Amy captioned one photo: "Finally home!" In another post she penned: "We would have announced sooner but wanted to wait until we were all 100 [per cent] well and home from the hospital. Got home late this afternoon." She was quickly inundated with messages from her celebrity pals and fans alike. Shaughna Phillips gushed: "So beautiful! Congratulations to you all, glad you’re all home." Helen Flanagan shared heart eye emojis. Spencer Morgan penned: "Congrats." Anna Vakili wrote: "Congratulations Amy," while Olivia Attwood remarked: "Ahhh congratulations. So beautiful." Amy revealed she was expecting her first baby earlier in the year when she appeared on Loose Women. She admitted the pregnancy was "100 per cent unplanned" after spending £12,000 on fertility treatment. The former ITV2 villa star made the decision to freeze her eggs before conceiving naturally with her partner. Amy detailed her plans to have a large family in a candid Instagram post. She said: "This was a 100 per cent unplanned pregnancy, turns out everyone telling me tracking my cycle isn't actually a 100 per cent form of contraception was indeed correct." Amy and her partner Sam had been dating for a year and a half when she fell pregnant. The former Love Island star was then asked if she was worried about not having been with Sam very long. She said: "Not at all! We were talking about this the other night actually. I feel like we've crammed 4/5 years of a relationship into the 18 months we've been together. "Lots of travel, lots of fun experiences, learning to live with each other's habits. When IS the right time anyway? I feel like sometimes people are like 'if we haven't broken up in X years we'll move to the next level', don't live in fear people. Also we both knew quite early on this was a long-term thang."