An investigation into Gwent Police and South Wales Police over the search for the victims of a fatal car crash has been launched amid allegations they did not take it seriously enough. The Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) probe will look into the steps the forces took before the five victims were found in the St Mellons area of Cardiff, south Wales. Eve Smith and Darcy Ross, both 21, and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died in the collision. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, remain in a critical condition after the Volkswagen Tiguan they were travelling in left the A48(M) and smashed into trees. David Ford, IOPC director, said: "After careful assessment of referrals from Gwent Police and South Wales Police, we have decided to independently investigate how police responded to the missing person reports." As the investigations continue, here are five key questions the victims' families and friends will want answered. 1. What caused the crash? South Wales Police has said its officers believe only one vehicle was involved in the collision. The Volkswagen Tiguan is believed to have then left the road before coming to a halt among some trees yards from a roundabout on the A48. As to the cause, this is all that has been released to the public to date. 2. When did it happen? Police say the collision happened in the early hours of Saturday, March 4, but the exact time has yet to be confirmed. Detectives are scouring CCTV and Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) evidence in a bid to pinpoint when the car crashed. READ ABOUT SARAH FERGUSON NOT ATTENDING THE CORONATION 3. Who found the five victims? The police maintain the car was spotted by a helicopter which had been requested at 11.50pm on Sunday, March 5. South Wales Police insists officers on the ground first saw the VW Tiguan at 12.02am on Monday, March 6. The force then logged the discovery at 12.15am the same day. But some family and friends of those involved have insisted the group was found by members of a search party. Lewis Pace and his father Matthew told Sky News they were searching for the missing youngsters when they saw tyre tracks across grass at a roundabout. Don't miss... Two dead after planes collide mid-air and crash into fireball in road [REPORT] Meghan Markle's one-word reply when asked about first meeting Kate [LATEST] Prince Harry knew naming his daughter Lilibet would 'cause trouble' [REVEALED] 4. What steps did the police take? South Wales Police maintains the emergency services discovered the Volkswagen Tiguan at 12.15am on Monday after the police helicopter, police and fire officers were deployed to the scene. Mr Ford has said after careful assessment of referrals from Gwent Police and South Wales Police, the watchdog will examine what information police had, the grading given to any risk assessments and the steps taken by police to locate the group. What communication took place between the two forces and whether police action was appropriate and followed relevant policy and procedures will also be investigated 5. What caused the delay? Members of the group were registered missing by their families after failing to return home. The first report made to Gwent Police was at 7.34pm on Saturday. More missing person reports were made to the force at 7.43pm and 9.32pm the same day. These were followed by another report to South Wales Police at 5.37pm on Sunday. But Gwent Police did not issue a public appeal for help until 11pm that day. Mr Jeanne's sister, Ffion Actie, told Sky News at a vigil held near the scene of the crash that she felt "disappointed" police did not act sooner. She said: "I heard the girls' mums had contacted (police) but it had taken several hours (to respond). I feel they should have acted straight away." Ms Actie added: "I like to think that if (the police) got there sooner, it would have been a different outcome."