Lewis Hamilton is yet to sign a new multi-year contract at Mercedes to keep him at the team beyond 2023. The lack of news or fresh details on a deal could raise concerns he would be prepared to walk away from the Silver Arrows. F1 champions Jenson Button and Damon Hill claimed Hamilton was waiting to see how competitive the team were before signing. Sky Sports host Simon Lazenby also told Express Sport he would “not rule out’ a move away from the team if they were not competing at the front. We take a look at Hamilton's possible destinations and the chance of a move. The Scuderia is probably Hamilton’s most likely option with Carlos Sainz out of contract at the end of 2024. The seven-time champion has previously claimed it was the dream of any driver to sign for the Italian marque. Looking back on his f1 career, Hamilton even admitted it would be "crazy” to think he never drove for the Prancing Horse. Sky Sports host Simon Lazenby told Express Sport: ”It's the desire of all drivers to drive for Ferrari. “In the past, Lewis has been quoted as saying he would like to drive for Ferrari. If Ferrari moves comfortably ahead of Mercedes I wouldn't rule it out." READ MORE  Ferrari and Red Bull make same Mercedes prediction ahead of Saudi GP [LATEST] The British manufacturer were the surprise package in Bahrain with Fernando Alonso getting ahead of the two Mercedes to score a podium. The team have ambitions to challenge for titles by 2025 meaning Hamilton could be a good fit. However, Alonso has a new multi-year deal in place while team boss Lawrence Stroll is unlikely to axe his own son Lance. When asked about a possible move to Aston Martin, Karun Chandhok told Sky Sports Vodcast: “I don’t think that will happen. “You’re going to tell Lawrence to sack his son. Good luck with that.” DON'T MISS Toto Wolff addresses Damon Hill concerns as he outlines Mercedes plan [LATEST] Nelson Piquet 'facing £1.6m fine' over racist Lewis Hamilton comments [ANALYSIS] Mercedes chief 'given ultimatum in emergency meeting'  [COMMENT] Hamilton was positive at the news of Audi’s plans to join F1 and stressed the German team would be “great moving forward” for the sport. He said: “I think it's great that we're going to get new manufacturers within the sport - especially as you see there are a lot of teams that have the potential to be top teams but are our customer teams. "So I think it's going to be great moving forward and so we welcome them in." However, Hamilton will be 41 by the time Audi joins in 2026 but the team could already be looking elsewhere. Volkswagen CEO Herbert Diess previously explained he would assume” the team would try to employ German drivers. This could be great news for Mercedes reserved star Mick Schumacher who was ditched by Haas last season. Christian Horner has previously admitted Hamilton was keen to join Red Bull between 2010 and 2013. However, a move fell through because of Sebastian Vettel’s dominance in the team. Horner claimed it would make “no sense to have two alpha drivers” at the squad, which would make a move to the team now impossible. Tensions between Hamilton and Verstappen reached boiling point in 2021 so a partnership when Sergio Perez’s deal expires would appear off the cards. Lazenby added: “He's not going to join Red Bull while Max [Verstappen] is there.”