Christy is a TikToker from Florida who went viral on the social media platform this week with almost 20 million views of her wedding video in Las Vegas. The video shows Chirsty being lifted up by her groom as they kiss while onlookers clap, and then Christy reveals that her new husband is actually her former stepfather. In the TikTok video, text flashes up and Christy says: “Marrying my stepdad was the best decision I’ve ever made.” In the caption of the video, Christy has put in the shocking hashtag “#MarryYourMomsEx” as well as “ItsWorthIt” and “AgeGap”. People on the internet have been stunned by the revelation. One person in the comment section wrote: “What in the sweet home Alabama is going on here” while somebody else commented: “There should never be a man that can say ‘that’s not how your momma did it.’” Another person commented: “This is embarrassing” while another person said: “So technically your children are legally going to be his step-grandkids as well?” READ MORE: 'My 11-year-old daughter came back from a sleepover with 10 piercings' Ever since her wedding video became popular, Christy has not revealed the whole story of how she ended up marrying her stepfather but has clarified some of the internet’s questions and says she will tell her story at a later date. In one video, she wrote: “Let’s clear some things. up…Was I ‘groomed’? No. Did my step dad raise me? No. Was I a minor when I met him? No.” Some people commented that they were concerned for Christy’s mother, but Christy has assured her followers that she still speaks to her mother and also that her new husband did not have any children with her mother. DON'T MISS:Man accuses woman of catfishing him - but he was the catfish [REVEAL]Passenger wants to ‘slap’ man that refused to swap seats with his wife [REPORT]Bride 'furious' after mother-in-law wears bridal gown on wedding day [INSIGHT] In her latest video, Christy said that her stepfather was best friends with her older brother, who was tragically killed in a motorbike accident. She wrote in one video: “I became close with his best friend. We were inseparable. No one thought we would last.” Christy has not yet explained the full story of what happened and how she ended up marrying her mother’s former husband. She has children with her former stepfather and new husband, but has asked people to please leave her children alone and not make negative comments about them. People in Christy’s comment section were sympathetic to Christy’s loss but were still shocked about the relationship. One woman named Caitlyn wrote: "I'm real sorry for your loss and this is cute but it really doesn’t explain how he’s your stepdad either." However, some people have also been skeptical about the whole affair and have accused Christy of lying about her husband being her former stepfather in order to get some internet fame. One comment said: “Looks like this was a weird inside joke nobody gets but them, then it went viral” while somebody else said: “TikTok pays after you get a thousand views…it was clearly a way to make money. Kind of genius but also very sick.” A very popular social media account called The Tea Guy which often posts about internet drama believes Christy has lied or made a joke gone wrong in her wedding video. He wrote in the comment section of the original wedding video: “Not gonna lie, after checking out her social media and other videos…I feel confident this isn’t real.” The Tea Guy went further on to try and explain the shocking wedding video, and said: “Maybe [this is] just a joke? Maybe [with the] age gap people think he’s your Dad sometimes and it became a inside joke? Maybe just a prank for TikTok? Not sure.”