Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are set for a major snub if they choose to accept King Charles' invitation to his Coronation later this year, a royal expert has warned. The snub will mean they won't be allowed to take part in an iconic moment with the public - even if they are allowed to attend the wider Coronation celebrations.   Royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams told US Weekly that it has been a "damaging and difficult time for" Harry and Meghan. When asked by reporter Christina Garibaldi if he believes the couple will attend the historic event, Fitzwilliams said: "Dynamics are changing. "The royals have put up with a tremendous amount of problems so far as they are concerned. "I mean, since the beginning of December to the publication of Spare and all those interviews.."  He went on: "The dynamic has changed in America. People don't like the royal ya know.. trashing your family is not a good idea. "And this is what, to a large extent, coming out now in these polls. "So the ball is in the Sussex's court and if they play by the rules, they may appear and if they appear, the talk will be of the weather.." Fitzwilliams added that the pair's relationship with King Charles would mean they would be banished from the Buckingham Palace balcony. He said: "They will know exactly what they're doing. They will take part in it a certain amount. They will not be on the balcony. READ MORE: Inside Royal Lodge - Prince Andrew's £30m home "All of that will be arranged no doubt. But the idea that they can control the agenda, tell that to South Park." It has not yet been confirmed if the couple will attend the historic event, especially now the couple don't have a home in the country. The King's coronation will be held on May 6 at Westminster Abbey in London. It comes after the monarch has chosen to evict Harry and Meghan from their UK home, Frogmore Cottage.   The King was reported to be in the process of removing the disgraced Prince Andrew from his taxpayer-funded Royal Lodge in Buckingham Palace. The Duke of York will now reportedly live in Frogmore Cottage, where Harry and Meghan lived during their time in the UK after being gifted the Windsor residence by the late Queen. It would be a significant downgrade from his Grade II listed 30-room Windsor house, where he lives currently with his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson.  But royal insiders claim Andrew is refusing to move out of the luxurious lodge and downgrading to Frogmore Cottage. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews