Lilibet Diana's newly-announced royal title will move her "far beyond" the "normal" childhood that Prince Harry and Meghan Markle had planned for their two children, a royal expert has claimed. On Wednesday, the Sussexes revealed that Lili and her elder brother, Archie Harrison would be formally using their royal titles. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, royal expert and co-host of US Weekly's 'Royally Us', Christine Ross discussed Lili's future childhood. She said: "Lilibet's entire life will be shaped by her status as a Princess. "Certainly elevating her far beyond the 'normal' childhood that Meghan and Harry seemed to originally want for their children." Ms Ross added: "Embracing the title, which Lilibet has held since King Charles ascended the throne in September, will certainly change her life as an individual." READ MORE: Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug' - 'a powerful moment' She also added that it "may also influence her relationship with the Royal Family for the future". Unlike Archie, who was born in the UK, Lili was born in America. The then-family-of three moved to the US prior to her birth. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced on Wednesday that Lilibet had been christened in the US on Friday, March 3. In their announcement, it was the first time the couple had publicly addressed the use of either of their children's royal titles. The Sussexes have largely kept their daughter out of the limelight, however shared a few personal clips on 'Harry and Meghan', their docu-series which aired in two parts on Netflix in December. READ MORE: Royal Family LIVE: King agreed to Archie and Lili's titles 'before Harry's book published' In one clip, Lili, who will turn two in June, can be seen taking her first steps in the grounds of the family's Californian home. Speaking on GB News on Wednesday, royal expert Angela Levin claimed that she believes the couple giving their daughter, and son, the royal titles is a "snobby thing". Ms Levin said: "She will have this title and everyone will see that she's different from others." She added that, when Lili is growing up, it could be "very embarrassing for her" because "she will know nothing about her Royal Family", despite holding the royal title. Don't miss... POLL: Should the Royal Family have gone to Lilibet's christening? [POLL] Harry and Meghan 'expected' to attend Coronation as Palace start plans [LATEST] Harry's 'rudeness' would have ‘appalled Diana', says Vanessa Feltz [EXCLUSIVE] On Thursday, Meghan and Harry defended their decision to let three-year-old Archie and 21-month-old Lilibet formally use their royal titles. In the statement, the Duke and Duchess claimed that the matter had been "settled for some time". They added that it is "a birthright" that the two children have since their grandfather, King Charles III, became monarch in 2022.