ITV viewers witnessed the dramatic Love Island episode where the couples in the villa got to see a selection of clips from throughout the series so far. During the Movie Night special, islanders watched private conversations on-screen along with what really happened when they were separated in Casa Amor. The special, which spanned over two nights, showed farmer Will Young getting steamy with bombshell Layla Al-Momani along with Casey O'Gorman asking Casa Amor arrival Cynthia to share a bed.Although the clips caused many rifts between the couples, it was Tanya Manhenga and Olivia Hawkins' behaviour that caused outrage among viewers.Fans of the ITV dating show were unimpressed with the treatment they gave their partners Kai Fagan and Shaq Muhammad as the footage was played.At one point, Olivia demanded her partner apologise to her after claiming he had called her fake while Tanya and Shaq rowed with one another after she was seen passionately kissing Martin. READ MORE:Death in Paradise's Dwayne Myers to reunite with Darlene  Following the Movie Night special, Ofcom received 266 complaints on February 23 with a further 71 complaints for the previous episode. The regulator confirmed the majority of complaints during Thursday’s instalment were in relation to Tanya’s behaviour towards Shaq. Whereas the main problems from the episode on February 22 were based on Olivia’s treatment of Kai. Other issues were from viewers airing their concern for Will’s mental health as the fallout from the night began. It’s not just viewers who weren’t happy with how some of the girls reacted during the episode either as the men's domestic abuse charity Mankind Initiative shared their concerns. With some of the men being reduced to tears on the show after arguments with their partners, the charity called out the gaslighting and manipulation. In a statement to MailOnline, they urged bosses of the ITV dating show to ensure they’re giving the same mental health standards to both men and women. They said: “Love Island has once again showed that when it comes to abusive behaviours against partners such as manipulation and gaslighting, it affects men as well as women as victims. DON'T MISS... Ruth Langsford speechless after Loose Women co-star's kissing jibe [VIDEO] EastEnders' Lacey Turner pays tribute to 'amazing' Lily star [SOAP] Love Island feud ignites as Jessie Wynter and Casey O'Gorman clash [LOVE ISLAND] "The producers need to make sure they apply the same standards to the male contestants as they have had been forced to in recent years for female contestants. "We and our supporters are monitoring the show closely.” During the Movie Night special, viewers saw Shaq storm out of the villa after his argument with Tanya resulting in him breaking down in tears. As he watched his partner, who he’d been with from the start, kiss her Casa Amor bombshell, he fumed: "So it was just a peck, yeah, and he went to kiss you? So we're lying now?" From across the garden, Tanya seemed unfazed by his upset as she swiped: "If you're looking for something to be angry about, this isn't it." As the duo bickered back and forth, tensions were high between them afterwards as Shaq fumed to the male islanders he didn’t believe she was being truthful to him. Although since then, the couple have made up and continue their relationship in the villa after previously declaring their love for one another. Love Island continues weeknights on ITV from 9pm.