When you spot a grease stain down your clothes, you might be tempted to chuck the item away and consider it a lost cause. But fear not, there is actually a way to tackle grease stains, even if they’re already set. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared a simple hack for banishing unsightly grease stains from clothes. Mrs Hinch is a cleaning and lifestyle influencer with more than 4.6 million followers on Instagram. In recent years, her fans and followers have taken to social media to share their own hacks for solving common household problems like removing grease stains. On one such group, Facebook user Mandy Macken asked: “Best way to remove grease stain from clothes?” READ MORE: House prices crash all over the world. UK may be next The post was inundated with comments but the most suggested response was to use washing-up liquid. JM Bagley replied: “Rub washing up liquid into the grease stain. Works every time.” Claire Allen commented: “Fairy Liquid, gently massage into grease stain. Leave to soak then wash as normal.” Donna Perkins said: “I have always used washing-up liquid.”  Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [LATEST] Monty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass [UPDATE] Five jobs to prepare your garden for spring [ANALYSIS] Dawn Sadler wrote: “I just saved a lightweight jumper. It had three spots of grease. I had washed it several times and not got rid of any stains. “Finally, I wet the jumper in cold water and rubbed it in washing-up liquid. Then, put it into the wash. The stains are gone. Very happy.” Diana Eyre suggested: “Pour Fairy liquid onto the stain, rub it in slightly then put it in the washing machine on a normal cycle for the garment.” Sharon Jane said: “Fairy Liquid. It's designed to cut through grease.” READ MORE: ‘Kill’ bed bugs in a mattress with three easy steps from an expert Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Most people use washing up liquid to wash their dishes and cutlery. However, those who don’t have any can buy it from their local supermarkets or online. Sainsbury's Washing Up Liquid costs 50p. Morrisons Savers Washing Up Liquid costs 37p. Ecover Washing Up Liquid Pomegranate & Fig costs £2 from Waitrose & Partners. Clean & Fresh Original Washing Up Liquid costs 45p. Wilko Lemon & Mandarin Washing Up Liquid costs £1. Other suggestions for removing grease stains included using shampoo, talcum powder, Pink Stuff, Elbow Grease and dishwasher tablets. Sue Morton said: “Shampoo cuts through grease.” Surinder Chattha commented: “Sprinkle talcum powder onto the garment and let it absorb the grease. “In the morning, shake off the excess talc and gently rub the area with Fairy Liquid and let the washing machine do the rest of the work.” Lorna Smith replied: “I use the Pink Stuff stain remover. Works every time.” Louise Stay suggested: “Spray Elbow Grease then wash. Brilliant stuff.” Lorynda Andre-Hoggan posted: “Use a dishwasher tablet in the laundry.” Vicky Young Was Griffiths wrote: “Talc will soak it.”