Extinction Rebellion has sparked chaos yet again by targeting lobbying firm UK Finance’s headquarters in London and throwing pink paint over the front of the building. Two protesters from the environmental group threw paint over the glass panelling on the building in Angel Court, while others stuck a large sticker with the word 'CORRUPT' on the window. Personal statements explaining why people took part were also stuck to the windows. Police have arrested six people. Extinction Rebellion said the building was targeted to "highlight the corruption of the financial system and how it prioritises profit over people and planet". The group claimed UK Finance is "the collective voice for the banking and finance industry". It represents more than 300 firms across the industry to "enhance competitiveness". This latest action also marks exactly 50 days until Extinction Rebellion plans to bring 100,000 people to the House of Parliament in Westminster on April 21. The Twitter account 'Extinction Rebellion London Protests' shared a picture of protesters in front of the building, with the windows behind them splattered with pink paint. The post read: "Protestors throw pink paint over UK Finance, 1 Angel Court. "We have targeted @UKFtweets 50 days before #21April highlighting the corruption of the financial system. Gov, banks & businesses prioritise profit over life." Fiona Guillespie, a concerned mother who took part in the action, said: "The bankers own the earth. Take it away from them, but leave them the power to create money, and with the flick of the pen they will create enough deposits to buy it back again.  "They are morally bankrupt and are self-serving agents who will stop at nothing in their quest for more power at any cost." READ MORE: Top lawyer says Sunak's new Brexit deal should be thrown out  Dean Bowles, who took part in the action, said: "The financial system is rigged so those with wealth gain much more, whilst those who have the least pay the most for its ‘service’. "The Financial Services and Markets Bill is yet another example of unrestrained greed dressed up as growth for all while being told there’s simply not enough money to transition away from fossil fuels. "It re-enables the mentality that brought about the 2008 market crash.  “The lies committed in our name have become too brazen and too blatant to ignore, so I acted today to highlight The UK Finance Group and its role in gambling away all our futures. DON'T MISSMisplaced breathing tube contributed to first known child Covid death [REPORT]Sainsbury's shoppers stage an odd sit-in protest on egg aisle [PICTURES]M5 closed in both directions following tipper truck crash [LATEST]  "We all need to come together on April 21 outside the Houses of Parliament to act together against the vested interests that claim to act on behalf of our future." Today's action has also taken place on the same day the Financial Services and Markets (FSM) Bill is due to pass the Committee Stage in the House of Commons. Extinction Rebellion claimed in its current form, "this bill could devastate ordinary people’s lives, handing more power to the banks by further deregulating the economy, and paving the way for another financial crisis". The group added: "Previously scrapped by MP George Osborne due to the risk of another crash, the bill has been reintroduced to roll back post-2008 protections and increase 'competitiveness' in the market. "The bill has a huge opportunity to include robust environmental protections, yet is doing the opposite: encouraging infinite growth which will lead to further environmental devastation and climate breakdown." The environmental group added the "deregulation has been highly criticised by economists and politicians alike, with many accusing the banks of profiteering off hunger." It concluded: "The bill offers an opportunity to introduce important climate regulations – but it does not contain any. "Instead, the proposed laws would scrap constraints on commodity market speculation, including on fuel and food prices, allowing banks to profit from fuel poverty and hunger as prices rise."