Two pioneering Chelsea Pensioners are among a group to be honoured for bringing ­equality to the forces. Ex-Army stalwarts Marjorie Cole and Monica Parrot joined Chelsea soon after the Ministry of Defence scrapped the men-only membership rule. Now, Marjorie, 78, will accept a ­silver statuette on behalf of all the female pensioners at Chelsea on International Women’s Day on Wednesday. Monica, 76, will be there, along with the other female members, who now number about 15. Ahead of the presentation at the Royal Hospital Chelsea rest home, they told the Daily Express of their pride. Marjorie, who is the longest-serving female pensioner, said royal inspections of their parades are always a highlight. She added: “I’ve met Prince Harry five times, Camilla three times. I’ve met the Duke of Kent. Harry was always my favourite, but sadly he’s been a naughty boy. He was one of the boys and I think he misses his Army pals now.” The male-only rule at the retirement home for veterans remained until 2009 when, after a successful campaign with the MoD, females were allowed. Marjorie, from Hull, was the third woman admitted and is the only one of the first three still alive. She said: “We dress like the Chelsea pensioners, have the same rules.” Monica, who joined in 2017, said: “I didn’t realise there were women Chelsea pensioners. It wasn’t well addressed at the time by a lot of the blokes. There was a lot of caution about women coming here. There are still some who really don’t think we should be here. “But we’re not going anywhere. We’re here now and we’re here to stay.” The women spend their days relaxing. Monica, from Gloucester, does gardening and tai chi classes on-site, while Marjorie does ballet, taught by Princess Diana’s favourite dancer Alice Crawford. Last year, Strictly’s Anton Du Beke was the guest of honour at a dinner hosted at the hospital and Marjorie was able to dance with him. Both women are members of the Women’s Royal Army Corps Association veterans’ group, which brings former servicewomen together for social events and welfare needs. Its vice-president, Brigadier Fiona Gardner, will hand a silver WRAC Lady statuette to Marjorie at Wednesday’s presentation. Marjorie said: “I’m so proud I’ve got my name down in the history books.”