One week after losing £334,000 on Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury, Drake was back at it with another massive sporting bet. The Canadian rapper placed £415,000 on Jon Jones to win by stoppage and picked up a whopping £1.4million after the American submitted Ciryl Gane in the first round of their UFC 285 heavyweight title fight. Drake placed two separate bets of £208,000 on Jones to win by knockout and submission, cashing in with the latter as Gane tapped to a Guillotine choke after two minutes and four seconds of the contest – breaking the Drake curse in the process. The 36-year-old is known for putting down large lumps of cash on major sports events and for the most part, loses more than he wins. So much so in fact that fans have made his failed wagers into a meme. If Drake wears a team’s shirt, poses for a photo alongside an athlete or bets on them to win, then that team or individual are now susceptible to a cruel jinx, coined ‘the Drake curse’ and will likely go on to lose – or so the meme suggests. However, Drake has seen more success in MMA, recently winning £2.9million on Paddy Pimblett and Molly McCann to triumph in their respective bouts at UFC London in July. The Liverpudlians were then gifted Rolex watches by Drake for their efforts. With his win in the early hours of Sunday morning, former long-reigning light-heavyweight title holder Jones now joins an illustrious list of promotional two-weight world champions including Randy Couture, BJ Penn, Conor McGregor, Georges St Pierre, Daniel Cormier, Amanda Nunes and Henry Cejudo. MORE UFC NEWS... OnlyFans star Brooke delivers three-fight hitlist including Rousey McGregor fans all left asking the same question after latest odd video UFC fighter's 'penis stopped working' after making huge weight cut Jones is now expected to defend his 265lb strap against Stipe Miocic in July and said of the contest post-fight: "Oh yeah, baby. Y'all want to see me beat up Stipe? One thing I know about the UFC is we give the fans what they want to see. Stipe Miocic, I hope you're training, my guy. You're the greatest heavyweight of all-time, and that's what I want. I want you — real bad." Miocic replied: "Good for him. Hey, you won. I'll see him in July. I'm going to train my a** off and I'm going to beat his a**." Speaking about his performance, Jones added: "I had a strong conviction that if I were to get him down to the ground, the fight would be in my area. I've been wrestling since I was 12 years old, and I felt stronger and more comfortable – especially on the ground – than ever. "With kickboxing you never know what's going to happen – he zigs, I zag – there was a major feeling out process. I actually felt a little goofy on the feet, it's been a while, but once I got my hands on him, I knew that's where I was most comfortable and that I could take control."