You and Me is the coming-of-age drama that tells two love stories on two different timelines. As Ben (played by Harry Lawtey) moves to London, he falls madly in love with Jess (Sophia Brown) and they think they've found their happily ever after. However, tragedy strikes for the couple and Ben's mum Linda (Julie Hesmondhalgh) steps in. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from You and Me.After months of dating, You and Me's Jess finds out she's pregnant with Ben's child, later finding out that she is expecting twins. While surprised, the pair are over the moon and welcome Harry and Poppy into the world. Two days after giving birth and as they are leaving the hospital, a speeding car crashes into a taxi with Jess and the twins inside. Ben's children are alright but Jess sustained serious injuries, which resulted in her shocking death. READ MORE: Bradley Walsh mortified after Mark Labbett's 'cutting' remark Ben is struggling to cope with his two newborns as well as mourning the loss of Jess and so calls upon his mum Linda for help. She makes her way down from Manchester to give him support as well as a kick up the backside when things get difficult. Speaking to press, including Express.co.uk, actress Julie Hesmondhalgh opened up about how she approached her character. She explained how she didn't want Linda to be just another typical mum character that is often seen on TV. Hesmondhalgh commented: "I had a lot of fun with our fantastic wardrobe and make-up departments, talking about exactly this issue. "This generic mum on television drama, it's all waterfall cardigans and court shoes. "It's so out of date to me, Linda's my age and anyone who would be growing up around Manchester in the 1980s and 1990s, I reckon there is a good chance they were proper hacienda girls. "And you never lose that spirit so you carry it with you throughout your life, the person you were in your teens and 20s and 30s." DON'T MISS...Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid finally ‘exposed’ after error [THEORY]Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION]Carol McGiffin addresses face 'drama' after waking up 'like a tomato' [CAST] She continued: "I really wanted to get an essence of that she was someone who has a life outside this relationship with her grown-up son who she absolutely adores. "But there's a lot going on up there, in Manchester, behind the scenes as well, a life very fully lived. "You definitely feel that in the writing, because Jamie [Davis, creator] has a very close relationship with his mum and that was a big part of his writing of Linda so she was lovely to play. "It was that love [of a mum] but without taking any s***." Actress Hesmondhalgh first rose to mainstream fame when she played Hayley Cropper in ITV's Coronation Street for 16 years. Her career went on to flourish in a number of dramas after leaving the soap, starring in Happy Valley, Broadchurch, The Trouble with Maggie Cole and The A Word. Prior to You and Me, Hesmondhalgh was behind Nancy in the 2021 series of The Pact on BBC One. You and Me is available to watch on ITVX.