Those who fall under the Chinese zodiac sign of the Pig will have been born in one of the following years: 1959, 1971, 1983, 1995, 2007, 2019, 2031. According to Chinese astrology, what can Pig expect from their romantic life in the next 12 months - will it spell disaster or dating dream? Pig should be excited for the upcoming year, as 2023 is set to be a better year than 2022. In terms of romance, this sign should expect great things, whether they are single, attached or in a complicated situation. Single Pigs might finally meet their soulmate, as they will have "more opportunities to meet the opposite sex". Pig should say yes to invites and never be afraid to strike up a conversation with a stranger - they might just meet the love of their life. READ MORE: Charles' coronation may be 'cancelled' amid royal 'crisis' - claims  Pigs who are currently in love, your "romantic fortune is very strong this year". According to astrologists at China Highlights, this year an existing romantic connection can prosper. However, the astrologers provided a warning - it's important that paired off Pigs do not get too close to members of the opposite sex. Pig, you already have a partner so it is important to stay loyal and have boundaries. There may be people out there crushing on you who have the wrong idea - "keep a distance to avoid unnecessary misunderstandings". Married pigs can expect great things from the coming 12 months, with a "harmonious" atmosphere in the family home. Of course there may be the odd marital squabble, but Pig can look forward to no "major disputes" on the horizon. This sign can also expect their marriage to "heat up" this year, with their romance and passion being ignited. READ MORE: Four Chinese zodiac signs are more 'attractive' than others  One thing Pig must watch, however, is how others react to their marital bliss. Other signs in less happy spots may be jealous of Pig's easy breezy married life. "Even though you have been married for many years, you will find your love as strong as before, making friends around you envious." But even the best relationships cannot withstand all storms, so happily married Pigs must still make sure to "cherish" their partners. Single pigs on the hunt, your most compatible signs when it comes to love are Goat, Tiger and Rabbit. This is because their relationships work on a physical, emotional and spiritual level. "They are attracted to each other and know how to please one another. They admire each other's merits and are willing to make efforts for the family."