What am I missing? A policy that spells out that people coming here will no longer be automatically eligible to claim asylum is somehow racist or inhumane - or even in the eyes of one "commentator" akin to policies espoused by Nazis in the Germany of the 1930s. Clearly, and not for the first time in my life, I'm getting something hideously wrong in this debate that seems to show a government attempting to do something previous governments should have done for the past 20-plus years. Never lose sight of the fact it was then Labour prime minister Tony Blair's disastrous "open doors" policy on migration that landed this country in the difficulties it currently endures. The number of people risking their lives to cross the English Channel in flimsy dinghies is growing exponentially each year. And also remember it was, according to one speechwriter working for Blair (now Sir Tony) at the time, a blatant bid to "rub the Right's nose in diversity". No rational person objects to controlled immigration. If in any doubt just go to your nearest hospital and give an almighty thank you for those who are here and putting in a shift across so much of the NHS. But it is the "uncontrolled" immigration that rightly rankles. That is unless you work in human rights law, are a member of the Opposition, come from one of the many charities working in the area or the UN, write news scripts for the BBC or just happen to be the Corporation's highest paid star. Interestingly by the way, if you were thinking of seeing what solutions are offered by any of the above, don't waste your time. While perpetually there to criticise, suggested solutions are desperately thin on the ground. At last the Government grows a pair sufficiently big enough to show they're ready to take on the challenge of resolving this and the outrage is deafening. But ask yourself the following questions: Why is it racist to be concerned that one million or more unauthorised residents have come into this country unchecked? Just pause and think of the impact on our hospitals, surgeries, schools, housing and just about every other aspect of the infrastructure upon which this nation rests, without even factoring in that accommodating them costs a cool £6million a day. And how can a country be deemed "hostile" or "cruel" when it has (rightly) provided sanctuary to more than half a million people from Hong Kong, Ukraine, Afghanistan and other parts of the world over the last seven years? What do these opponents make of the undeniable fact that a third of small boat arrivals last year came from Albania, three quarters of whom were adult males aged below 40, even though Albania is in no sense an unsafe country and is a member of Nato? But all these facts are drowned out in the ceaseless rage over the policies and posturing by Labour, that the solution lies in extra funding for the NCA (National Crimes Agency) to go after and stop the trafficking gangs, and that in turn is drowned out by one of the jewels in the crown of the BBC, Gary Lineker, opting to take on the mantle of Mother Teresa. Briefly on that, Lineker is a brilliant football pundit and is obviously welcome to his views in this supposedly free country. However, having been on the receiving end of "a word of advice" from his bosses concerning his hugely impressive social media platform, he surely has to get his facts right. The Nazis deployed language stating Jewish people carried diseases and depicted them in cartoons as rats. Try as hard as you might, you won't find those vile slurs in anything the Government has said. This plan is undeniably bold and has more hurdles to clear than there are in next month's Grand National. But the Government deserves time to put it forward without being derided by so many who choose to ignore so much.