Joe Goldberg (played by Penn Badgely) found himself at the centre of another sinister mystery in the gripping fourth season of You, only to find out he hadn’t abandoned his murderous ways after all. Now the well-read serial killer is fully-unleashed, Netflix’s popular crime drama could be heading into its darkest chapter yet. Showrunner Sera Gamble has revealed she and Badgley are still talking about the best way to conclude Joe’s story. The streamer’s dark serial killer drama first debuted on Lifetime in 2018, and has since become one of Netflix’s biggest hits. In season four, Joe moves to London after failing to catch up with his obsession Marienne Bellamy (Tati Gabrielle) in Paris, and stumbles into a whodunit mystery. However, by the end of the season, the former killer discovers he has been living a deluded fantasy as he has been the one stalking and slaughtering his new friends the whole time. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers “We have some ideas that we've been talking about pretty much from the beginning,” Gamble has said of the show’s ending. “The thing that we have the most is an ongoing debate.” The screenwriter confirmed she is still discussing with Badgley and executive producer Greg Berlanti about the best way to end the series. For now, it seems the creative team are still unsure whether or not to give their unlikely protagonist the comeuppance he deserves, or let him walk away scot free. “Certainly Greg and I have talked with Penn about like, this is something we're envisioning for the end,” Gamble told Entertainment Weekly. “But it's really the debate about what kind of justice would be fair and appropriate for a guy like Joe. “My short answer is like, maybe not from the American system. But there might be other ways. So that's the stuff we're talking about.” Teasing the outcome for season five, the showrunner hinted Joe probably won’t end the series behind bars or by receiving the death penalty. Don't miss... NCIS Hawaii’s Vanessa Lachey’s announcement sparks frenzy [LATEST] Star Trek Picard showrunner apologises for streaming blunder [INSIGHT] Outlander’s Sam Heughan congratulates Caitriona Balfe for awards nod [TRIBUTE] Even if he manages to evade the criminal justice system, though, Gamble’s comments certainly seem to suggest Joe won’t be making it out of You’s final episode alive. Series lead Badgley has also confirmed he wants to see his character meet a sticky end, which may happen sooner rather than later. “It feels to me like we need to do another season,” he told IndieWire. “It feels to me like Joe needs to get what’s coming to him, and now he has further to fall because he has all this power and wealth. “But of course, that’s not up to me. I don’t know where it’s going. “But to me, with this concept and with this character, we always wanted to be responsible and it’s not just the kind of thing we can let keep going because it’s doing well.” Gamble also teased that Joe's former flame Marienne is “still a threat” after being kept alive at the end of season four. Details are being kept under wraps as the dust settles on You’s fourth instalment, but Joe’s downfall could be just around the corner in a fifth and potentially final season. You seasons 1-4 are available to stream on Netflix.