Chicago PD follows Detective Sergeant Hank Voight (Jason Beghe) and his elite Intelligence Unit at the Chicago Police Department combat brutal offences and bring the criminals of Chicago to justice. Despite the last episode of the crime drama being left on a cliffhanger, Chicago PD isn't planning to air on its usual NBC slot next week. Unfortunately, it appears fans of the procedural drama are going to be waiting for at least a fortnight for the show to make a return. According to NBC’s broadcast schedule, there is no new episode of Chicago PD next week or even the following week. Meaning the earliest that fans could expect Jay Halstead (Jesse Lee Soffer) and the rest of the Chicago crew is on Wednesday, March 22. However, this is a pretty normal procedure for NBC around this time of year as the network most likely wants to build momentum on episodes during the all-important February sweeps period. Apart from NBC’s potential schedule shake-up, not many details have been released as to why the show has been delayed for the next two weeks. In the meantime, fans can look forward to seeing more heightened drama and character-specific stories, following what the season has already given fans so far. Fans can hope to follow the storyline of the continuing recovery of Kim Burgess (Marina Squerciati), who is now coming to terms with the full extent of her post-traumatic stress. The writers have been hinting at Kim’s issues for a while now, with it being quite clear she needs to begin treatment now and it's likely there will be some more struggles ahead for her. When it came to this week's show, titled Blood and Honor, the crew investigated a family poisoning that took place at their home. As the show progressed, the team discovered a connection to the Becks family, who were last seen getting up to trouble in episode 12. In order to find out more information, Adam Ruzek (Patrick Flueger) goes undercover to work for their business. Throughout the hour, Adam's relationship with Samantha (Caitlin Mehner) develops, resulting in chilling information about her father, Richard, coming to light. Despite the fact Chicago PD is heading for a lengthy hiatus, the show is on the verge of hitting a big milestone of reaching 200 episodes. Stars Marina Squerciati, who plays Kim and Patrick John Flueger who plays Adam discussed the show's huge milestone Squerciati expressed her excitement, saying: “They elevated every situation in terms of set pieces and budget and drama, and what a way to ring in the 200th! "It's stuff we've never done before, and we've done a lot in the 199. Between being on the train tracks and building a pool for a well, it's great.”  The actress praised showrunner Gwen Sigan for being a “magician” in crafting new storylines for each character. Sigan has been a part of the Chicago PD crew since 2014 when she started as a writer's assistant. But since then Sigan has worked her way up to the role of showrunner, managing the second longest-running of One Chicago's hit shows. Chicago P.D. season 10 is currently streaming on Sky Go or Now TV in the UK.