The sitcom series Bob Hearts Abishola first debuted on CBS back in 2019 and since then it has been a hit with fans resulting in the show being renewed for four seasons. However, after the most recent episode aired this week fans are being forced to wait until March 13 to see what’s next in store for Bob (played by Billy Gardell) and Abishola’s (Folake Olowofoyeku) love story. There is no new instalment coming next week for fans of Robert “Bob” Wheeler and Abishola’s love story. This is due to CBS announcing a schedule mash-up, but not many details have been shared by the network as to why Bob Hearts Abishola has been rescheduled from its usual showing time. However, it has been speculated this could be related to the network announcing it will be renewing nine of its hit series for the 2023-24 broadcast season recently. CBS announced last week that the likes of NCIS, NCIS: Hawaii and Survivor are some of the shows that have got the green light to produce another season. As for Bob Hearts Abishola, the next showing has been scheduled to air on Monday, March 13. This week's episode titled Put That Toe On Ice, followed middle-aged businessman Bob and his cardiac nurse wife, Abishola’s attempt to find time together within their busy schedules. Also, fans saw Goodwin's (Bayo Akinfemi) leadership tactics push Kofo (Tony Okungbowa) over the edge. The delayed episode is titled Every Character is the Villain, although it's not clear what the next episode will entail as a synopsis hasn't yet been released to viewers. Since the sitcom hit fans' screens it has been praised for being both relatable and funny, alongside the strength of a large cast filled with characters that showcase the exciting and relatable stories of day-to-day people. The show’s main storyline follows characters Bob and Abishola's unlikely romance that has blossomed throughout the previous three seasons. The couple tied the knot at the beginning of season three and has since remained strong despite their conflicting lives. Bob Hearts Abishola also has a robust cast of 13 series regulars that includes the likes of Christine Ebersole (as Dottie), Matt Jones (as Douglas), Maribeth Monroe (as Christina), Vernee Watson (as Gloria) and many more. Despite next week’s show being rescheduled, fans can relax as the comedy has been renewed for a season five later this year. CBS confirmed the news of an early renewal for the sitcom at the end of last month alongside fellow sitcoms The Neighborhood (for season six), Young Sheldon (season seven) and Ghosts. This comes after Bob Hearts Abishola brought in a total of 6.1 million viewers and a 0.5 demo rating (with Live+7 playback folded in). The stats were only down by eight percent in audience from last season’s average.  To date, CBS has renewed a total of 19 series for the next broadcasting season, including previously announced pick-ups for this season’s most-watched new series. During the 2022 pilot season, the network decided not to move forward with any of its other four comedy shows, cancelling the shows How We Roll, United States of Al, and B Positive. The fifth season release date of Bob Hearts Abishola has not yet been released yet, but can likely expect to see its return later this year. Bob Hearts Abishola season 4 will continue on March 13 on CBS in the US.