One person died after a tanker truck hauling flammable liquids exploded and overturned on a US highway on Saturday, causing damage to nearby homes and vehicles, officials said, advising people to stay away from the area.  The crash happened on US Route 15 shortly before 12 pm the western Maryland city, about 50 miles west of Baltimore, according to Ron Snyder, public information officer for Maryland State Police (MDSP). Fire crews arrived within minutes of receiving several emergency calls and found the truck completely engulfed in a fire that had also spread to three homes and automobiles, Frederick Fire Chief Tom Coe said at a news conference One of those homes was extensively damaged, displacing the residents. The other two sustained minor damage, Coe said. After several hours, the fire was put out and the hazardous materials, which were in the line of gasoline and diesel fuel, were contained, Frederick County Fire and Rescue Chief Tom Coe said during a news conference Saturday afternoon.   The tanker driver, who was not immediately identified, died but no other injuries were reported, Coe said. Authorities said the exact chain of events that led to the crash is under investigation. Officials were working with the truck’s owner to identify the liquids inside the tanker, Coe said. But he believes it is a commonly transported flammable liquid like gasoline or diesel fuel that poses no threat to the general public.  READ MORE: Madeleine McCann’s prime suspect won't be charged this year Crews will be monitoring the air quality and isolating the area where the liquid saturated soil for cleanup, he said. Officials said there was no breach of the city’s sewer system or a nearby creek. The crash initially shut down US 15, which runs through the city of about 80,000 people, in both directions, the State Highway Administration said. The explosion took place a month after a freight train carrying hazardous chemicals derailed in East Palestine, Ohio, igniting a days-long inferno, spewing poisonous fumes into the air and killing thousands of fish.  During the news conference, Frederick Mayor Michael O’Connor acknowledged that many residents were concerned about the circumstances of the crash in light of the Ohio toxic train wreck, which happened on February 3. The mayor reassured that none of the tanker’s hazardous materials entered the city’s sewer system. However, he said officials will continue working with state investigators to make sure there are no lasting impacts. “We will continue to monitor the environmental effects of this incident in the coming days and weeks ahead,” O’Connor said.  Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews