Odell Beckham Jr will be hopeful of securing a contract for the 2023 season, after 12 NFL sides turned up to watch him on Friday. The free agent held an open workout on Friday in Arizona as he looks to put himself back in the shop window. In a boost to his future chance there was a healthy turnout with multiple sides interested in taking on his services. Beckham Jr didn't feature in the 2022 season, and hasn't played since he suffered a torn ACL in the 2021 Super Bowl. Beckham Jr did pay visits to three franchises last season, as he completed a mini-tour around the Buffalo Bills, Dallas Cowboys and the New York Giants. Due to his injuries, no side took a chance on him last season, but the Bills were one of the teams in attendance on Friday as they may give him a second opportunity.  The wide receiver has been a free agent ever since being released by the Los Angeles Rams in 2022, but that doesn't mean he lacks quality. The Super Bowl winner has displayed his class multiple times in the past, but his future ability is unknown following another lengthy injury absence. It's likely that a team will take a chance on Beckham Jr, but he may not receive the type of contract he's looking for. Last season it was reported that Beckham Jr was holding out for a contract worth $20million per year, and he only wants to join a play-off contender. The 30-year-old has now torn his ACL twice during his NFL career, and even one major injury is tough to come back from. He's done it once before and helped the Rams clinch the Super Bowl, but how he will be moving forward is anyone's guess. Don't miss... NFL icon JJ Watt flies to England to discuss buying Championship club [LATEST] NFL star Stefon Diggs posts cryptic tweets as trade rumours circle [LATEST] Packers' Aaron Rodgers stance after NFL star met NY Jets chiefs [LATEST] The Cowboys are also said to still be interested, and they're already eyeing a new receiver to help bolster their options ahead of the 2023 season. The franchise haven't fully replaced Amari Cooper, and owner Jerry Jones is keen to give quarterback Dak Prescott more options. Jones was very fond of Beckham Jr last season, but decided not to offer a contract due to his injury status. But Jones said before meeting with Beckham Jr last season: "Odell is someone that we have all the appreciation in the world for what he is as a competitor. "I know the Cowboys star on that helmet, when he puts it on, could look pretty good." Beckham Jr was also seen attending a Dallas Mavericks NBA game alongside Cowboys stars Micah Parsons and Trevon Diggs at the time, but soon left the region.