Mercedes have reportedly put contract talks with Lewis Hamilton on hold as they turn their full focus to improving this year's car. All optimism at Mercedes from the end of last year heading into the new season soon dissipated at pre-season testing when it became clear that they had once again fallen behind Red Bull by a huge margin. Not only that, but Ferrari and Aston Martin also appear to have a quicker package for the time being. Hamilton didn't have the car capable of challenging a fast Fernando Alonso towards the end of the Bahrain Grand Prix while George Russell finished behind Lance Stroll. The 38-year-old made it clear throughout the weekend that he was unhappy with the direction his team went in with the current concept of the car. And Toto Wolff even admitted before and after Sunday's race that Mercedes will need to scrap the current design in order to challenge at the front once again. It likely means that a record eighth world title for Hamilton will have to wait for another year. But whether or not Hamilton commits his future to Mercedes remains to be seen, despite numerous hints being dropped last year. While Mercedes were working through their issues in 2022, Hamilton indicated that he was still happy with the Silver Arrows and a new contract wouldn't be too difficult to be agreed to. Speaking back in October, Hamilton stated that he "planned on staying with Mercedes for the rest of my life". Fast forward five months and no new deal has been signed with both Hamilton and Wolff brushing off questions throughout the opening race of the season. And it doesn't look as though Hamilton's contract will be done and dusted anytime soon. According to the Independent, talks over Hamilton's future are 'set to be put on hold'. It's claimed that Mercedes' main focus for the time being is trying to resolve the issues of their 2023 car. Don't miss... David Coulthard disagrees with Lewis Hamilton's thoughts [LATEST] Toto Wolff gives view on finding Lewis Hamilton replacement  [LATEST] F1 LIVE - Hamilton contract talks delayed with Wolff in crisis mode [LATEST] There has been some suggestion that Hamilton would consider retirement if it becomes clear Mercedes are a long way off developing a car capable of returning to the front of the grid. But Hamilton's former team-mate Nico Rosberg doesn't think the British racing superstar is looking to pack it in just yet. “I think everybody including Lewis himself wants to see him right at the front with Max Verstappen for race wins," he said. "Of course that's clear. Nevertheless, for him it looks to be the case that he’s relishing the challenge to bring Mercedes back to the front once more. “And to get that eighth title because of course it’s still possible. So I don't see him thinking about retirement at the moment, I think he’s fully focused on wanting to make the most of the season.”