Layla Al-Momani, 28, has opened up on her battle with alopecia in a candid Instagram post. The reality star, who appeared in this year’s winter series of Love Island, was in the middle of a Q&A with her 18.7k followers. ITV2 viewers were left wanting to find out more about Layla’s life after she was dumped from the villa in South Africa last month. She then chose to share her diagnosis after a fan sent in a query about her hair. Complimenting Layla, the fan asked for recommendations on hair products, as her locks always look “so shiny and healthy”. Layla gushed in response: “I’m so gassed by this because whenever people compliment me on my hair it means so much cause I have alopecia. READ MORE... Angela Rippon details brutal age comment from ex BBC director-general “I’ll put photos after so you can see what actually happened."  The ITV2 star then shared an old image of her scalp, revealing hair loss she had suffered on the top of her head.  The Sun reported that fans promptly credited Layla for her brave post.  However, Layla admitted she used to hide her hair loss and struggled with self-confidence in the past. Layla was later asked for more details about her condition, with the star saying she wanted to help others dealing with the same problem. She told the fan: “Yes honey. A few people have been asking for advice on Alopecia. “I’ll help as much as I can from my experience with it but I'm no doctor or professional.” Layla hinted she would open up more about her experiences with hair loss soon. DON'T MISS:Vernon Kay breaks down in tears over messages after Ken Bruce backlashPiers Morgan reacts as Charles 'evicts Meghan and Harry from Frogmore'Bangers and Cash star 'leaves wife for much younger colleague' Alopecia UK states the condition "simply means hair loss”.  It continues that if a person has noticed more hair loss than they normally have, they are experiencing alopecia in some form.  The NHS website explains that most hair loss is temporary and will grow back.  It also states some types of hair loss are permanent. Layla arrived on Love Island during the Casa Amor episodes of the series.  The brunette beauty shared a kiss with fellow Islander Will Young, 23, in the villa.  Despite their kiss, Will opted to stay coupled up with Jessie Wynter, 26, when the Islanders reunited after time apart.  Layla appeared again in a follow-up episode where she met up with Jessie to discuss her time with Will before leaving the show.