Liverpool are interested in signing both Levi Colwill from Chelsea and Jarrad Branthwaite from Everton but both deals are said to be off-limits due to the Reds' respective rivalries with both clubs, according to reports. Jurgen Klopp looks poised to delve back into the centre-back market nearly two years on from the signing of Ibrahima Konate from RB Leipzig amid Joe Gomez and Joel Matip's ongoing struggles. Liverpool had looked nicely set at the heart of defence particularly last term, when all four of their senior centre-backs made respectable contributions in the gruelling chase of a quadruple. While Liverpool narrowly missed out on both the Premier League and Champions League, Klopp's defence was considered to be among their strongest assets. Now the tables have turned and there's a sense Liverpool must spend in order to return to their former glories - particularly in defence. According to Goal, there are up to seven targets currently on their radar but two of those are considered to be a non-starter. READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final Liverpool's rivalries with both Chelsea and Everton seemingly mean both Colwill and Branthwaite are out of reach as the selling clubs are unlikely to negotiate with the Reds. Colwill has performed well on loan at Brighton this season despite a muscle injury and the Seagulls would also be keen on making that move permanent at the end of the season. At this stage of his career, Colwill just wants to play regularly after enjoying an excellent spell on loan at Huddersfield last term. Meanwhile, the same applies to Branthwaite, who has already enjoyed a taste of first-team action with the Toffees before his loan switch to PSV. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light Now the former Carlisle man is playing regularly in Holland and has been catching the eye of Liverpool's scouts. Manchester United and Roma are also believed to be taking note of his performances with the young Englishman held in high regard by PSV boss Ruud van Nistelrooy. PSV have already accepted that Branthwaite is probably going to be out of their price range but the time he returns to Merseyside at the end of the season. Sean Dyche has already touched base with the 20-year-old in a bid to plant a seed that he is wanted at Everton next season. Liverpool do have other targets up their sleeve though including Josko Gvardiol of RB Leipzig, whose price tag has now sky-rocketed due to his exceptional form at the World Cup. Gvardiol was on target in the Champions League last week against Manchester City when he netted a fine header to level up the scores. The Croatian could now leave Leipzig in the summer but he is likely to cost upwards of £90million after Chelsea failed with a mega-money offer last summer. Nayef Aguerd of West Ham is also believed to be of interest to Liverpool while Benfica's Antonio Silva and Sporting’s Goncalo Inacio have also caught the eye of the Reds.