Kate, Princess of Wales and Prince William attended a spin class in Port Talbot, Wales, earlier this week. The royal duo were visiting Aberavon Leisure and Fitness Centre to hear about how sport and exercise can support mental health and wellbeing. Body language expert Judi James spoke to Express.co.uk about how William's behaviour during their spin race was very refreshing. Just yesterday, Kate and Will competed against each other in a spin-off. Kate came out victorious but what did their body language signals suggest about their relationship? The expert stated: "We can tell from their body language responses after this ‘race’ is over that both Kate and William really gave this their all. "Both are sucking in air while showing signs of some levels of exhaustion and Will even winces with pain as he rubs the muscles of one thigh. READ MORE: King Charles has one grandchild who brings out his 'fun' side "They exchange glances as they recover and the sight produces mirrored laughter." However, despite the extreme devotion between the couple, there was no hint of either of them letting the other win. "During the ‘race’ we can see William appear to be trying to push himself through the pain barrier at one point and Kate lowers her head with ‘teeth-chomping’ smile to register total determination to beat her husband. "The couple glance across regularly to see how the other is doing, which is to self-motivate rather than offer anything like sympathy or to slow down to let the other win. "William and Kate are famously competitive and this moment shows that authentic competitiveness in all its distilled glory." But what is most interesting about the interaction is how Prince William dealt with being the "loser" of the competition. She compared it to the dynamic between the now King Charles and Princess Diana when they were married, suggesting that William's cheerful reaction to Kate's win was actually rather revolutionary. Judi explained: "In terms of their relationship this spin bike contest also illustrates something hugely important. READ MORE: Kate shares Louis' 'favourite' vegetable - not peas or carrots "When a couple can compete for earnest like this in public and where Kate can sit with her hands on her hips or placing a consoling hand on her husband’s arm as she is given the winner’s cup, we are looking at two very sound and solid egos in a very well-balanced, loving relationship. "Kate has no qualms about showing her husband up like this in public and he looks happy to celebrate her win. For a Windsor male, this is ground-breaking stuff." Judi noted a very different moment for Charles and Diana, when on their first royal tour to Australia, Diana performed a "dazzling piano piece after Charles barely managed to drag a bow across a cello". The expert remarked that when Diana walked past her husband out of the room "Charles totally ignored her". "He was famously competitive about their levels of popularity with the public and his jealousy was said to be one more nail in the coffin of their marriage." Judi concluded: "So for Kate to beat her husband in a spin race and to celebrate that victory while William laughs as he admits defeat, looking proud of his wife rather than jealous of her, is a powerful statement about the strength of their relationship. "It will be important now but even more important when the couple take to the throne and approach the ultimate job in the Firm as a balanced double-act. "Camilla might appear happy and comfortable as a consort to the King, even though she has dropped that word from her title, but Kate and William should approach their royal roles in a way that allows each to shine in the spotlight with the encouragement and admiration of the other."