Belle (played by Eden Taylor-Draper) has been through a lot in her life, including being kidnapped by Lachlan (Thomas Atkinson), being diagnosed with schizophrenia and falling down a mine shaft aged just seven. However, official Emmerdale spoilers reveal she may finally get her happy ever after as she begins to grow close to Vinny Dingle (Bradley Johnson). In upcoming scenes, at the Dingles Homestead, Vinny realises he’s been using Liv Flaherty’s (Isobel Steele) death as an excuse to not get on with his life. Vinny agrees to go on a night out and leaves Belle pleased he's finally feeling guilt-free about moving on from Liv's death. On the big night out Vinny shows off his dance moves to Belle leaving them both in hysterics and having a great night. Could this be the start of a new romance between the pair? READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ Vinny and Belle have always been close and are part of the same family, while they are not related. They have recently been in more scenes together which could be a sign of their romance storyline beginning. Emmerdale producer Jane Hudson recently joined the Loose Women panel and teased at Belle's upcoming romance, however, refused to give away any clues. "We’ve got a bit of summer loving for Belle! You’ll need to see what happens, but yes, that is going to happen. Belle is finally going to fall in love with someone." The Loose Women and viewers alike were thrilled, but Jane warned them not to get ahead of themselves. "Don’t say 'aw' too soon, you never know what might happen! But it could be the most perfect relationship we’ve ever seen." Jane has already ruled out one character, Jacob Gallagher (Joe-Warren Plant), as she explained: "She’s not going to find love with Jacob, but she is going to find love." Vinny lost his wife Liv back in October 2022 after she was crushed by a caravan in soap’s 50th-anniversary storm. DON'T MISS...Piers Morgan fumes Shamima Begum 'made her ISIS bride bed'  [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit as couple torn apart after Arthur Thomas betrayal [WATCH]BBC facing calls for investigation into Ken Bruce's 'insensitive' exit [LATEST] After pushing Vinny to safety, the paramedics soon arrived however there was nothing the medical team could do for Liv. Her exit from the soap came after explaining she was ready to take on new challenges as she had been part of the team since 2016. Following the heartbreaking scenes, Liv actress Isobel Steel took to the Emmerdale Instagram page to discuss her exit. She said: "I hope it made you cry. I definitely cried when I read it and it's been a pleasure. "It's been the best seven years of my life and yeah, it's been all worth it because of you. So thank you so much!" Emmerdale captioned the post: "Don't mind us, we're just crying a million tears Goodbye Liv, we're going to miss you so much #Emmerdale50.” Is Belle the missing puzzle piece for Vinny to move on from his grief? Emmerdale airs weekdays from 7:30pm on ITV.