Weeds on lawns are not a burden for everyone. Some gardeners prefer a wild-looking lawn that’s brimming with biodiversity. However, some gardeners despise weeds and will do everything in their power to prevent them from sprouting. Lawn weeds include clover, daisies, dandelions, buttercups and certain grasses. If you’re not sure whether your lawn has weeds, there are some key signs to look out for. Your lawn may look patchy with an uneven growth rate or have areas that are different in colour and texture. You may also notice flowers growing in the grass that have never been there before. This is particularly obvious when lawns are allowed to grow longer. READ MORE: ‘Stubborn’ grease ‘slips off’ of oven glass when using kitchen item Patches could remain green even if there has been a long period of time without water. Lawn weeds can perform better than grass during challenging conditions. With this in mind, Timothy Greene at iCANLAWN.com has shared exclusively with Express.co.uk how to remove weeds from lawns. He said: “Weeds can appear on your lawn at any time. Don't miss... Remove stubborn ‘green stains’ from your fence with kitchen staple [LATEST] ‘Guaranteed’ step to get peace lilies to flower ‘over and over again’ [INSIGHT] Lawn care expert shares how often gardeners should 'aim' to mow grass [ANALYSIS] “Even the best cared-for lawn can have the odd weed. “If your lawn has only a few weeds, these can be dug up using a garden trowel making sure to remove all roots.” However, newly-seeded lawns need to be treated differently and definitely should not have weedkillers used on them. Timothy advised gardeners not to “panic” if they notice weeds in a newly-seeded lawn. READ MORE: Stop cats pooping in gardens naturally using 13p kitchen staple Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea He suggested allowing the lawn to “develop before tackling weeds”. He also suggested avoiding using a Feed, Weed and Moss Killer product on a newly seeded lawn. He added: “Wait until your grass has grown fully before digging and pulling out weeds.” Wait until six to eight weeks have passed since you sowed the seeds, and then you can mow the lawn. He added: “These early-appearing weeds are shallow-rooting plants that can be removed by mowing your lawn. “Generally, mowing will get rid of them but if this doesn’t solve the problem, the remaining weeds can easily be pulled out by hand or dug out using a hand trowel.” The best height to cut lawns is 3.5 to four inches to banish weeds, according to Michigan State University.