March 1 is recognised as the first day of meteorological spring while astronomical spring occurs on or around March 20. With the Pisces solar season underway ahead of fiery Aries' reign, astrologer and author Alison Chester-Lambert has shared her sun sign horoscopes. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk she shared everything each zodiac sign can expect for the season ahead. Alison said: "Each year, around March 20/21, the astrological New Year begins and we celebrate the first day of spring. "This is the time that the sun moves into the vigorous Aries part of the sky, the first zodiac sign, and according to lambs and nature, we should all get frisky, right? But do we? Not as far as sex is concerned. "Because of a traffic jam of planets piling up in Aries, some sun signs will fare better than others this March. Aries, Taurus, and Libra sun signs should all experience relationship matters. "But try to channel this feisty energy into activities, rather than let it erupt by itself." To overcome the challenges posed by this fast-paced season, Alison noted that "the simple answer is to initiate something". READ MORE: Four Chinese zodiac signs are more 'attractive' than others She said: "Most especially, start a new business. According to the Open Business Council, those enterprises which start up in March of any year last the longest. Also, there are tax advantages to choosing the end of March rather than the beginning, so it is likely that the sun is in Aries in the birth chart of all those successful businesses. Energetic and dynamic Aries energy will give your new business a brilliant start." Beyond March, the astrologer explained that spring is just the start of "massive change", adding: "The astrological community is buzzing with Pluto’s move into Aquarius and Saturn’s recent move into Pisces. This indicates a massive sea change in long-term, collective conditions. "Briefly, support for western religions may decline more quickly and science may undergo a period of stupendous breakthroughs. Artificial Intelligence will grow in influence and the chances of talking to aliens get closer." In astrology, your sun sign denotes where the sun was located in the zodiac on the day you were born. This is generally referred to as your zodiac sign.  DON'T MISS...Prince William makes 'groundbreaking' gesture towards Kate in Wales [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle looks 'vulnerable' in public since South Park episode [ANALYSIS]My mum says my tops are 'too booby' because I’m a 32DDD [REVEAL] Alison said: "Now comes the opportunity for personal growth. A lot of changes from March onwards. Compassion, spiritual beliefs, love and your version of reality are all tested in various ways to improve your wisdom and strength. Time to have a clear-out and set out your stall for the future. All good stuff." Aries For Aries, the astrologer suggested turning your yearning and longing into something "magical". To do this, she recommended, "laying down your fighting spirit and giving yourself up to the river’s flow". Switch off the daily chatter and call a halt to decision-making. Listen to your soul’s rarely-heard, quiet voice. Pause for reflection and resume normality in April. Taurus There are demands for change early this month, but you should hold a steady boat until March 16, according to Alsion. She said: "This is when things will turn your way and romance becomes the main theme. If you are in a relationship, then recapture old memories with walks in nature, delicious shared food, sensuality, and that perfume. If you are single and looking, try all of the above after March 16." Gemini Fortunately, you have the right environment to take on that big writing task and make a success of it. Your usual boredom is contained and you have the stamina to stick at it, said Alison. She suggested trying to get it finished before April because you will want more of a "leisurely, garden and tea shop time after that". READ MORE: Bride's wedding 'ruined' as mother-in-law wears very similar dress  Cancer Cancer’s "feel good" barometer rests entirely on what is happening with the family, so you will need to read all their forecasts first before things can get clearer. This may divert your attention away from world news, and that would be a good thing as your very sensitive emotions are heightened. Leo According to Alison, Leos are very responsive to light rays, so get up at sunrise and look at the sky. She said: "Getting up early is not easy for lazy Leo. But, you’ll find March a great improvement if you do." Virgo March 7 marks a full moon in Virgo. Others may need you, but you should try to make room for your quiet time too. Maybe you already have medical dates for this month, but catch up with regular health and dental check-ups too. This always makes Virgo feel better. Libra Engagements with significant others have been energised or volatile recently. Alison said: "Ask yourself, does it feel fair. If not, you will still be in the 'eye for an eye' mood, so clashes can be expected. From March 17 there is greater opportunity for more sensual, hedonistic times." Scorpio March may be the month you realise you have to initiate the transition. It could mean much less hard work and more independence. Alison added: "It is as if you are just not prepared to keep putting up with things. Property becomes less important than a new environment with less drudgery and more exciting ideas." Sagittarius In March, you are still energetic, adventurous, and initiating energy, but mid-month things may become unusually uncomfortable as for once, you doubt your strength or leadership. The hesitation and resulting inner focus are undoubtedly good for you, contributing much to your wisdom. Capricorn Alison explained: "From 2020 to March 2023, you were tuned into a radio station that spoke of mental innovation, futuristic goals for yourself and humanity, and self-sufficiency. Now, this changes. Compassion and service to others become more important, along with the feeling that things could be washed away at any moment." Aquarius Here comes another month in which you feel incarcerated in concrete. The astrologer said: "Have you tried building something yet? Make it strong and enduring enough to last long after you have moved on. Carve it into granite if you can. It may be strangely comforting."