Cholesterol is a fatty substance found in the blood. Having too much cholesterol is cause for concern as it can build up in the blood vessels leading to blockages. This can raise your risk of serious health conditions such as strokes and heart disease. Diet is one contributing factor for cholesterol levels. Eating too much fatty food is known to raise cholesterol, along with not exercising enough and smoking. However, in the same way that some foods and drinks can raise cholesterol, others can lower it. An expert recommended consuming two shots of pomegranate juice each week as one way to lower levels.  READ MORE: Dr Mosley says 'anti-inflammatory' snack could reduce risk of dying from cancer by 40% Speaking to Express.co.uk, Harry Griffiths - personal trainer at OriGym - explained: “There are a lot of benefits to drinking pomegranate juice, such as the fact that it contains catechins, which have antioxidant properties, thereby reducing cholesterol absorption through the intestine. “Pomegranate juice has the ability to restrict the damage to your blood vessels by bringing down the levels of bad cholesterol found in your body and helping reduce plaque buildup in your arteries. “You can see the benefits of antioxidants found in this drink by enjoying a shot glass of pomegranate twice a week.” This was backed by a study published in the Journal of Medicinal Food in 2021.  Don't miss... Dementia: The 76p food that could make your brain 19 years younger [INSIGHT] Sir Michael Caine 'would have been dead' if unhealthy habits continued [CELEBRITY] Doctor's bowel cancer cause of blood 'splattering all over' the toilet [CANCER] As part of the research, 24 patients were split into two groups - one which consumed 300ml of pomegranate juice daily for two weeks and one which did not. “Pomegranate juice (PJ) has potential positive effects in patients with metabolic disturbances due to a high content of polyphenols,” the study said. “The objective of this study was to evaluate effects of a two-week consumption of dietary doses of PJ on blood pressure, lipid metabolism, and oxidative stress markers in overweight patients with dyslipidemia [an imbalance of lipids including cholesterol]. “Twenty-four patients, eight males and 16 females, 40–60 years of age, with established overweight and dyslipidemia were randomly assigned into the intervention group, who consumed 300ml of PJ daily for two weeks, or control group.”  It recorded how those who drank pomegranate juice had lower blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein - or “bad” cholesterol. The study said: “After two weeks of juice intake, the intervention group had significantly lower diastolic blood pressure, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, aminotransferase, and activity of glutathione peroxidase.” It concluded: “These results show that even a short-term consumption of dietary doses of PJ exerts beneficial effects and affects lipid metabolism in overweight patients with dyslipidemia.” High cholesterol does not often cause symptoms.  Therefore, the only way to be sure of your cholesterol levels is to get tested by a doctor. A healthy level of total cholesterol in the blood is considered to be five or less millimoles per litre (mmol/l). More specifically, a healthy level of high-density lipoprotein is one or more mmol/l and you should have four or less mmol/l of low-density lipoprotein. Ways to lower your cholesterol include: 