Jordan Spieth was saved by a fan during his second round at The Players Championship after avoiding a water hazard by crashing a tee shot into a spectator. Spieth kicked off his tournament with a three-under-par 69 during his opening round on Thursday. Despite a hot start on Friday, round two proved to be a more challenging test for the 13-time PGA Tour winner, sitting five–over for his round on the ninth tee with one hole to play. Things looked to be getting even worse, as his ninth tee shot bailed right and headed for the water hazard. Remarkably though, when making his way down the finishing hole he was shocked to see it in play and placed right down the middle of the fairway. And he had a TPC Sawgrass spectator to thank, after the wayward tee shot crashed off the fan in question as it looked destined for the water. Taking advantage of his slice of luck, Spieth hit his second shot into the par-five ninth to the green-side fringe, leaving Spieth a great chance to finish with birdie. Ever the short-game star, the American went one better and chipped in for eagle, just minutes after staring a penalty in the face. Quick to thank the man behind the assist to his eagle, Spieth headed over to the fan in question to first check he was OK, and secondly gift him a glove for his troubles. His finishing eagle looked to be an important one, as it moved the 13-time PGA Tour winner to level-par, and inside the cut line for the weekend. After gifting the hit fan his glove, Spieth later decided this was not enough, claiming in his post-round interview that he would give the spectator ‘whatever he wants’. “[I am] only looking forward now, I got an extremely lucky break on 9, or I wouldn’t be playing the weekend,” Spieth said.  Don't miss... Koepka threatens to restart DeChambeau beef with Instagram comment [LATEST] LIV Golf suffers humiliation as World's Funniest Animals more popular [LATEST] Rory McIlroy defended by Sir Nick Faldo as Sergio Garcia row heats up [LATEST] “Trying to get that guy’s information and see literally whatever he wants this weekend because everything from here on out is because it hit him. I was very fortunate. “I can’t say I deserved it, but I tried to hold my attitude together and keep on focusing on putting one foot in front of the other. I don’t know if that means I got rewarded for that or what, but overall I got very, very fortunate.” 