Manchester United's captain for their 7-0 humiliation to Liverpool, Bruno Fernandes, spoke out after the defeat as the Portuguese playmaker was criticised for his attitude in the defeat. The man with the armband was slammed by Gary Neville and Roy Keane for his actions as several Red Devils stars failed to keep their composure in a disastrous second half. During commentary of the game, Neville hit out at Fernandes for flailing his arms as the Liverpool goals continued to flow. "I have to say I think some of his behaviour in the second half has been a disgrace," Neville told Sky Sports. "I think he's been brilliant for Manchester United at times with his assists and goals. "There was a VAR check for an elbow - it was on his chest. Oh, he holds his face. That's embarrassing from Bruno Fernandes. It's on his chest and he goes down. He's so frustrating at times. Bruno Fernandes is stood in the centre circle with his arms raised saying 'why is not me coming off?'." Fernandes explained after the game that he was "frustrated" with his side's performance in the defeat. "It is very frustrating, disappointing, sad because it is a really bad result. We came here with a different mindset before the game. The first half was really good from ourselves, we had a lot of chances. We controlled most of the first half I think, they didn't create that much. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans "[In the second half] we tried to go forward and score goals and we lost a bit of balance. We gave too much space away against this kind of team. We have to avoid that. "The games are coming thick and fast. We had setbacks in the past and we have to come back quickly again. This is what Manchester United are about, we can go down but we have to get back up." DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears   Keane felt that Fernandes' team-mates and coaches will not have been impressed with him in the dressing room after the game. "Fernandes’ body language today was disgraceful," Keane added. "Really talented boy, he’s your captain - so much talent - but the body language, waving his arms around and not running back, you wouldn’t be happy with him in that dressing room, let me tell you." Liverpool icon Graeme Souness, who predicted a Reds triumph prior to kick-off, echoed Neville and Keane's sentiments regarding the Portuguese star after describing an incident with Antony and Mohamed Salah. He said: "I think that goal there, the one where Salah lashes it in with his right foot, I think he gets involved in a physical tussle with Antony in his own box, and when Salah’s scoring a goal at the other end, the Kop End, I think Antony is still walking up in Liverpool’s half. Fernandes did that a couple of times, someone would get past him and he’s holding his hands out - not my problem." 