The Platt family have become an integral part of Coronation Street and over the years, family members have come and gone. However, the top of the Platt family was Martin (played by Sean Wilson) who left the ITV soap with his new girlfriend in 2015. He later returned to the cobbles in 2018, when his son David Platt (Jack P Shepherd) was going through a difficult time. Sean first joined Coronation Street in 1985 as an 18-year-old who had left school and had taken a job at the cafe managed by Gail Tilsley (Helen Worth). After five years of working with Gail, romance blossomed between the pair and they ended up getting married. They later went on to have their daughter, Sarah (Tina O'Brien) and son David. The actor left the cobbles in 2005 but later returned when Martin's son, David went through a harrowing rape storyline. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Since leaving the soap, Sean has taken a step back from acting, and in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, he detailed why. The 57-year-old admitted that because he'd played Martin Platt for such a long time, his roles were limited and he was often "pigeon-holed". "Even when I go to the Post Office everybody stops," Sean began as he discussed being recognised out in public. "It's nice because the character was well-loved." He continued: "I just decided to have a complete change and the character is so synonymous with Coronation Street. "I did a few jobs [after he left] following. I did a few BBC jobs [including] Silent Witness. "And all of the characters were quite well chosen for me, so I was really enjoying that kind of life. "But then the casting directors were saying to me, 'You know what, you're a bit too synonymous with Coronation Street for now, and we're finding it difficult to place you in something'." DON'T MISS...Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Commissioner makes appearance in spin-off [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit after Cain Dingle warning [SPOILERS] "It was their problem," he shared. "I don't think it was the viewers' problem. "They had no problem with me moving from one place to another. "But the casting people seemed to have a bit of a problem with it." "I was absolutely pigeonholed," the Martin Platt star added. Since leaving Corrie, Sean's career took a complete U-turn as he not only became a successful chef but also discovered his love for cheese. The former soap star also recently released his new book, sharing his love for the dairy product. When discussing whether a return to the cobbles could be on the cards, the actor said: "Well, I made it clear when I was back in 2018 that it wouldn't be possible for me to move forward with any kind of editorial improvement in my situation." He later added: "You know what? The character was well-loved even when he went back in 2018. It's up to the powers that be."