Hundreds of thousands of Migrants who spend a decade integrating with and contributing to British society as they wait to gain permission to permanently remain face financial hardship, mental stress and insecurity, a new study has found. Research conducted by the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR), migrant charity Praxis, and Greater Manchester Immigration Aid Unit (GMIAU) has found that up to 170,000 people on the "10-year route" are still waiting for permission to permanently settle in the UK, despite having strong ties to the country. Those enrolled on the pathway, the study found, must complete a challenging repeat application process every 30 months, and face sky-high financial costs of nearly £13,000 per person over the decade, all while holding some of the UK's most important but low-paying jobs. The Government allows migrants who don't qualify for mainstream resettlement routes to enter via ‘Family Life’ or ‘Private Life’ alternatives, which take 10 years to gain permanent residence. These routes take twice as long as the five-year standard version used by migrants seeking settlement on humanitarian grounds and cost £12,800 per person over the decade their application takes, the researchers found. On top of being much longer, a poll of 310 people conducted by the team found that people who have taken, or are currently taking, the 10-year route feels it is much more punishing. The researchers found that the vast majority of those people - 80 percent - felt their well-being or mental health had been "negatively impacted" by the experience. READ MORE: Piers Morgan reacts as 'bitter' Dan Walker reignites their feud Much of that mental strain comes from the financial burden, the poll added, with 62 percent of respondents struggling to meet utility bill costs and 57 percent experiencing similar difficulty with their food costs. Just under half - 43 percent - also couldn't meet their housing costs. The mix of different financial burdens has left people reliant on family and friends for loans, and three-quarters of applicants convinced they couldn't pay the fee for permanent residency. Many of those left struggling hold vital positions in British society, working as care workers, cleaners and nursing assistants. The 10-year route migrants are much less secure in these jobs, with some saying the application process made it hard to hold work down. The poll found that percent said they were forced to take work they didn't want. Hardworking migrants pay taxes while undertaking back-breaking labour but have "no recourse to public funds" during the application process. The policy means they go without access to the UK's benefits system and can't claim social housing. Josephine Whitaker-Yilmaz, Policy and Public Affairs Manager at Praxis, said the difficulties associated with the 10-year route have left some people in "desperately precarious situations". She said: “At Praxis, we see every day the effects of the 10-year route to settlement amongst the people we work with. "This research brings into sharp relief what we’ve known for years: that the combination of long routes to settlement, high visa fees and no access to the welfare safety net leaves many people in desperately precarious situations. "Individuals and families are left struggling to make ends meet, and dealing with crippling stress and anxiety." Ms Whitaker-Yilmaz called for shorter, faster and more affordable routes to settlement, allowing people "who have been a part of our communities for years already" to "get on with their lives and participate fully in both society and the economy”. Lucy Mort, senior research fellow at IPPR, added that the length and cost of the route, coupled with the need for repeated applications, "all add up to make it unfairly challenging for many individuals and families". Ms Mort added: "This is no way to treat people who have made, and will continue to make, their lives in the UK, who describe this as a devastating and punishing process. “The need for repeated applications also makes this an onerous policy for the Home Office to implement – when their resources could be better spent elsewhere."