Manchester City are lining up a summer move for RB Leipzig defender Josko Gvardiol as a potential replacement for Aymeric Laporte, according to reports. The Premier League champions are keeping tabs on the centre-back, who has also been heavily linked with Chelsea, Liverpool and Tottenham, ahead of a possible big-money move this summer. Gvardiol has emerged as one of the brightest defensive talents in Europe after excelling for Leipzig in the Bundesliga and Champions League over the past two seasons. The 21-year-old will face City as the two teams prepare for their last-16 second-leg tie on Tuesday at the Etihad Stadium, and he is likely to be closely watched by City scouts, having scored in the 1-1 draw in Germany in the first leg. City are bracing themselves for an approach from Paris Saint-Germain for Laporte, with the French giants showing 'strong interest' in the Spain international. That is according to the Daily Star, who report City are open to receiving offers in the region of £60million. READ MORE: Liverpool already know £98m Josko Gvardiol would love to join them  City paid a similar fee to trigger Laporte's release clause at Athletic Bilbao five years ago when the centre-back was viewed as a revolutionary addition to Pep Guardiola's backline. However, he has struggled to hold down a regular spot at centre-back, with John Stones, Nathan Ake and Ruben Dias ahead of him in the pecking order. Guardiola is keen to refresh his squad and the club would use the proceeds from Laporte's departure to fund a move for Gvardiol, who is rated at around £90m by his club. Chelsea came close to signing the Dinamo Zagreb academy product for £77m last summer before Leipzig pulled out of the deal. The Blues remain interested in the youngster, while Liverpool and Tottenham have been linked with a move for the Croatian. DON'T MISSArsenal can forget about five stars as Guardiola 'won't ever sell'Man City 'interested in Chelsea duo' as Bellingham stance emergesJoao Cancelo explains falling out with Pep Guardiola at Man City talk  Any potential suitor will need to dig deep into their pockets to make an acceptable offer, with Gvardiol's new contract expiring in 2027 and containing a £97m release clause. However, it is thought clause that does not kick in until the start of 2024, and that could cause a scramble for his signature at a lower price. His performances at the World Cup with Croatia only further demonstrated that he can play at the highest level after enjoying a fine tournament and it seems there could be a scrap for his signature this summer, although the player has repeatedly stated he is happy to remain with the club. But the report says Guardiola is 'hellbent' on joining the race for Gvardiol and they may be best placed to convince him to move to England given their recent success in the Premier League. Neither Chelsea or Liverpool can guarantee a top-four finish this season, which could hand City the advantage, and that would hand both Jurgen Klopp and Graham Potter a blow as they look to reshuffle their respective backlines. 