As a result of Gary Lineker's absence from Match of the Day, the BBC has been thrown into chaos over the weekend. The broadcaster made the decision to drop the sports pundit after he aired his opinions on political matters on his personal social media accounts. A TalkTV viewer told the hosts he thought the BBC should give paying viewers their money back. Guest Steven was heard talking to Talk TV hosts Lizzie Cundy and Ash about the BBC's limited coverage of the football highlights. He said: "I think people should call the BBC for their licence fee back, I think everyone should do that." When Ash asked why the latest edition of the sports show was only 22 minutes long, Steven said: "They just showed the goals really. "And just a few highlights so there wasn't much to show." READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Ash interjected: "They could have still shown the proper highlights, I don't see why they didn't." He added: "[The hosts] are all going in solidarity, it's like peer pressure isn't it?" Ms Cundy said: "The thing is, everyone is scared to say 'do you know what, I'll sit in his seat'. "I know every ex-footballer would love that job, imagine being paid £1.36million." Commenting on the clip which was shared on TalkTV's Twitter, Jamie said: "I can’t figure out why the presenters are not sacked? "If you just do not turn up for work you are breaking your contract & that’s what usually happens." The news comes as it has been announced the BBC is in "urgent talks" with Lineker amid a second day of chaos. The broadcaster's decision to drop him from the show came in the wake of Lineker's tweet hitting out at a controversial new government policy. Don't miss... Lineker set for Match of the Day verdict as BBC call 'urgent talks' [LATEST] Carol Vorderman slams BBC 'hypocrisy' to Gary Lineker after discovery [INSIGHT] Alan Shearer and Ian Wright return to TV a day after boycotting BBC [LATEST] The move was met with a major backlash from fans and several of Lineker's Match of the Day colleagues, who refused to appear on Saturday night's show. However, the show went ahead without any pundits or commentary in a reduced 20-minute offering. Football Focus and Final Score were also off the air after Alex Scott and other pundits refused to work in support of Lineker. Sunday's scheduling was also impacted with Match of the Day 2 looking similar to Saturday's show. An insider told the Telegraph both Lineker and the BBC are keen to repair the relationship. They said: “Tim Davie has been clear he wants to resolve the situation and see the MOTD presenter back on air. “Gary and his representatives have been in talks for a number of days and these are ongoing.”