A female teaching aide knocked unconscious by a six-foot-six-inch student has denied claims she triggered the assault by confiscating his Nintendo Switch. The teaching aide made the revelation on Monday while she continues to recover after being hurled to the ground and pummelled 15 times. “I just want to set the record straight. I never took the Nintendo Switch from him. From anyone that’s read or heard differently, I’ve been told this was unfortunately misinformation,” Naydich said, according to a fundraiser launched for her recovery. Brendan Depa, 17, who can be named after the Seventh Judicial Court of Florida ruled that he would be transferred to adult court, told police he saw red after Naydich confiscated his gaming device during class. A shocking video captured the moment the hulking teenager launched his attack on the mother-of-two. The 270-pound student is seen stomping on the unconscious employee inside a Florida school before repeatedly punching her in the head and torso. Several other staffers who witnessed the assault intervene, wrestling the boy off the teacher, who is later rushed to a local hospital. READ MORE: Shocking moment 6ft6, 122kg student beats teacher unconscious for taking Nintendo Switch Separate video released by the Flagler County Sheriff’s Office shows the attacker being placed in handcuffs inside a classroom at Matanzas High School in Volusia County, which is situated on the east coast of Central Florida. The enraged student then began spitting in the teacher’s direction, warning cops that he was “going to kill her” when he returned to school, the arrest document said. “The student stated that he was upset with the victim because she took his Nintendo Switch away during class,” police said in a statement at the time. While he was being processed, the teen repeatedly asked a deputy when he was going to be released, and began kicking a desk and becoming violent when he didn’t get the answers he was hoping for. DON'T MISSWoman, 20, raped and strangled by gang member [LATEST]Man 'bound' woman in his van and threatened to kill her [REPORT]Plane averted after 'terrifying' close call [INSIGHT] “The actions of this student are absolutely horrendous and completely uncalled for,” said Volusia County Sheriff Rick Staly in a statement at the time. “We hope the victim will recover, both mentally and physically, from this incident.” Naydich, who was rushed to a nearby hospital and has since been discharged, said she is “overwhelmed with the idea of the long fight ahead”. “I’m hopeful that the awareness of this incident being spread far and wide will prevent anyone else from ever dealing with the trauma, physical healing and disruption of everyday life that this has caused,” Naydich said on GoFundMe, where more than $66,000 has been raised for her. READ MORE: Bodycam footage shows moment man accused of killing journalist and 9-year-old is arrested "It's touching to know that so many care. This certainly wasn't how I saw my son's senior year turning out for our family." Depa will be tried as an adult for aggravated battery on a school board employee - a charge punishable by up to 30 years behind bars. Police documents show the troubled teen had gotten into trouble with police prior to this latest incident. He was arrested three times for simple battery in 2019. "It's touching to know that so many care. This certainly wasn't how I saw my son's senior year turning out for our family." Depa will be tried as an adult for aggravated battery on a school board employee - a charge punishable by up to 30 years behind bars. Police documents show the troubled teen had gotten into trouble with police prior to this latest incident. He was arrested three times for simple battery in 2019.