Chris Rock's roasting of Meghan Markle in his new Netflix special raises questions over the Sussexes' future relationship with the streaming platform, one royal commentator has suggested. In his new Netflix special, Selective Outrage, Chris Rock ridiculed comments the Duchess of Sussex made during her interview with Oprah Winfrey, in which she accused an unnamed member of the Royal Family of racism and said that she felt isolated within the royal household. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Responding to Chris Rock's sketch, US-based commentator Kinsey Schofield said in an interview with TalkTV: "This must drive Harry and Meghan crazy." She continued: "Netflix is supposed to be their safe space. They have been paid hundreds of thousands of pounds by Netflix to generate content for them that took them several years to make and this is Chris Rock slamming them on their own platform, on their own network." The royal commentator added: "I cannot imagine they are happy about it as it jeopardises their relationship with Netflix moving forward." Meghan and Harry signed a multi-year deal with Netflix in late 2020, which has seen them release a stream of content, such as Meghan's podcast Archetypes and a holiday special two years ago that featured an array of celebrities sharing personal anecdotes and inspiring stories. READ MORE: Meghan and Harry eviction a 'quick fix' solution to an 'excruciating' problem for King Harry and Meghan have not spoken publicly since the release of Chris Rock's special but his remarks have caused a furore. The comedian ruthlessly mocked Meghan's claim, suggesting she was simply dealing with "some in-law s***" while noting that she won the "light-skinned lottery". Rock also claimed "even black people want to know how brown" her child would be in a brutal takedown. Meghan became the butt of the US comedian's jokes during a bit about victimhood.   Don't miss... Harry and Meghan dismiss Frogmore eviction as simply 'unfortunate' [LATEST] Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's popularity hits new record low  [LATEST] Prince Harry needs to be 'set straight' after drug use admission [LATEST] "Like who is this girl Meghan Markle? Seems like a nice lady, just complaining," he began. "Like didn't she hit the light-skinned lottery?" Rock then took aim at Meghan's now infamous interview with Oprah last year. "'They're so racist, they're so racist,'" Rock mocked the Duchess, noting: "Some of that s she went through was not racism. It was just some in-law s. "Sometimes it's just some in-law s because she's complaining, I'm like "What the f is she talking about?" READ MORE: Anger as King's 'olive branch' could see Meghan and Harry in taxpayer-funded accommodation The SNL comedian added: "'Oprah, they're so racist they wanted to know how brown the baby was going to be,'" he again mocked Meghan. "I'm like, 'That's not racist, because even black people want to know how brown the baby going to be'." Asked by Oprah about whether she believed the Royal Family allegedly hadn’t wanted their son Archie to be a prince “because of his race”, Meghan replied: “But I can give you an honest answer. “In those months when I was pregnant ... we have in tandem the conversation of, ‘He won’t be given security. He’s not going to be given a title’, and also concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he’s born.” Telling a dismayed Oprah that “there were several conversations about it”, the Duchess said that she would not reveal who had made the remarks, on the grounds that: “I think that would be very damaging to them.” Pressed further, she added: “That was relayed to me from Harry. Those were conversations that family had with him ... It was really hard to be able to see those as compartmentalised conversations.” Asked by Oprah whether the question about Archie’s skin colour was allegedly raised “because they were concerned that if he were too brown, that that would be a problem”, Meghan said: “I wasn’t able to follow up with why, but that — if that’s the assumption you’re making, I think that feels like a pretty safe one, which was really hard to understand.” Harry has since denied claims Meghan was accusing the royal of racism.