Limescale, also known as calcium carbonate, is a hard white or green deposit that typically forms on glass, taps, shower heads and other fixtures that regularly come into contact with hard water. Though showers are supposed to be clean and sterile, they often accumulate hard calcium deposits and limescale that can make doors look less than immaculate. It’s important that households take the necessary measures to eliminate filth and break down limescale to restore a shower door’s natural shine. While there are a few natural methods to remove limescale, they tend to take a while to work. Therefore many opt for a specialised limescale removal product. Cleaning pro, Danielle Mason who has 20 years experience in good housekeeping and is known as @missmasoncleaning on Instagram, has shared how one simple product could make removing limescale a whole lot easier. She claimed that Viakal is the “best solution” for limescale buildup on shower doors. Danielle said: “Shower glass gets built-up with limescale, condensation and all sorts of grime. READ MORE: 13p kitchen item is the ‘most effective’ method of removing limescale “I personally cannot do a good bathroom clean without Viakal. It is simply the best to use on shower glass. To prevent it, dry shower out every use and when you clean with this I find that it’s the best solution.” To use the cleaning spray, the cleaning star advised spraying it all over the shower door, or anywhere there is limescale, and leaving it to soak for 10 to 20 minutes, depending on how stubborn the limescale buildup is. Once the time is up, using a wet microfibre cloth or even a scrubbing sponge to rub it down, remove the water marks that are bad. Once households have done all parts of the glass, Danielle then advised soaking the shower hose using this spray and making sure to dry everywhere thoroughly with a dry microfibre cloth. DON'T MISS‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ [TIPS]Plumber’s ‘cheap’ tip to unblock a sink - ‘works like magic’ [EXPERT]5 ‘most common’ seed sowing mistakes to avoid seedlings being ‘killed’ [INSIGHT] Sharing her results of this shower door cleaning method, Danielle’s shower glass was gleaming and streak-free after and has no traces of limescale. Vikal can be purchased from Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Asda for £3. There are different varieties of the product for those who want to give their bathroom a scent boost whilst cleaning. The product claims to remove even the “toughest limescale” and cleans soap scum and watermarks in the bathroom and kitchen. It is safe to use on multiple surfaces including shower walls, taps, glass, doors, washbasins, bathtubs chrome, stainless steel and ceramic sinks. READ MORE: ‘Game-changing’ spray to remove shower glass limescale in 'one minute’ Danielle has also shared how to remove stains from glass and windows, using a product most will already have in their kitchen cupboard - washing up liquid. She said: “My favourite thing to use for glass tables is Fairy Liquid, a wet microfibre cloth and a dry microfibre cloth. Everybody goes on about using vinegar, but I find this Ms fairy liquid is the best. “I squirt some Fairy Liquid on the table, get my damp microfibre, do small circles on the glass table, rinse the clothes out with warm water, wipe it down with a damp cloth, and then take my dry microfibre and dry - this brings it up. Brand-new like it’s been polished.” The cleaning pro has shared a clip of this over on her TikTok where she goes by the name @daniellemasonuk. She added: “I do the same with windows. Fairy liquid is the way forward.” Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea When removing stains from chrome, Danielle claims all that’s needed are microfibre cloths. She said: “With chrome I don’t use any product. I literally get a wet microfibre cloth and a dry microfibre cloth. “I wipe it down with the wet microfibre cloth, which takes off all the marks and smears. “I then dry it with the dry microfibre, which polishes all the watermarks off. Unless it’s really dirty I will not use any product, but again you can use Fairy Liquid.” Danielle will be demonstrating a few of her cleaning hacks at the Ideal Home Show on March 18 and 31.