After a night of poor sleep, your first destination might be the kettle. Coffee is guaranteed to offer the much-needed pick-me-up but going overboard can leave you jittery and anxious. However, you don’t need to rely solely on the black drink. Sleep experts have shared the five “best” foods to boost your brain and energy. Whether there’s a lot on your mind or you simply had one too many snacks close to bedtime, a lot of different factors can rob you of good sleep. Unfortunately, the consequences of a bad night’s sleep only hit the next day when you are trying to make it through work. While it might seem there’s not enough coffee in the whole world to keep you going, some foods could actually give you the fuel that you need for the day, according to the experts at Bed Kingdom. Packed with healthy fat, fibre, vitamins and minerals, avocados offer more than a tasty breakfast choice. READ MORE: Live longer: The drink shown to make arteries 'stretchy' - may slash risk of early death The small green fruit is rich in potassium which is responsible for preventing fatigue by giving your body energy. “Plus, it goes great with toast for breakfast for an early morning energy boost or with a bagel at lunchtime to refuel,” the experts said. After a bad night of sleep, the midday slump feels far worse than on any other day. And it’s usually at this time when snacks seem extremely tempting. However, dark chocolate could meet your craving for something sweet while making you more alert. Don't miss... Dr Mosley says 'anti-inflammatory' snack could reduce risk of cancer [INFORMER] Dementia: The 76p food that could make your brain 19 years younger [STUDY] Longevity-boosting tea shown to make arteries more 'stretchy' [LATEST] Bed Kingdom said: “Dark chocolate contains high amounts of cacao, which is responsible for boosting your energy as well as increasing your focus – so you can count on this to keep you going throughout the day.” Similarly to dark chocolate, chia seeds are high in magnesium which can help fight “extreme fatigue” and high stress levels. “You can consume them by blending them into a smoothie, sprinkling into yoghurt, or even mixed into a salad,” the experts added. Another food option packed with high amounts of magnesium, sweet potatoes also offer vitamin C. READ MORE: Live longer: The drink shown to make arteries 'stretchy' - may slash risk of early death Bed Kingdom said: “This helps transport fat into energy – as a result, this combats the feeling of sleepiness and keeps you switched on. “In addition to this, sweet potatoes are a healthy carbohydrate and can be a great option for lunch if you plan on having a particularly long day and need long-lasting energy.” Also high in vitamin C, oranges contain a moderate amount of natural sugar which is converted into glucose - the brain’s “best source” of fuel. The expert said: “They contain enough sugar to give you energy quickly, but not enough to be too overpowering and make you feel tired. “Even consuming orange juice instead of eating the fruit can boost your memory and mental ability for the day.” While none of these foods can replace a good night’s slumber, they could help boost your brain power and energy levels. Bed Kingdom added: “Getting a good night’s sleep is crucial for your health and it is recommended to aim for between seven to nine hours each night. “However, for many, the suggested amount isn’t always possible for various reasons. “In these instances, it is important to give your body the fuel it needs to get through the day, which can be achieved by eating the right foods, and it can be as simple as having an orange for your breakfast or having a side of sweet potatoes with your lunch.”