Sarah Ferguson claimed that she “spoils” the corgis she and Prince Andrew adopted after the death of Queen Elizabeth in September last year. The late monarch had more than 30 corgis during her reign and she was famous for her love of the breed.  The late monarch received the two dogs, Muick and Sandy, as gifts from Andrew and the pair have now been taken on by her son and his ex-wife Sarah Ferguson. The Duchess of York told Hello magazine: “The corgis are very nice and very polite and well trained. “I am their favourite but everybody always says it's just because I feed them gravy bones. “I love everything about them and I spoil them the most.”  The Queen was given two new puppies in early 2021. The puppies, one dorgi and one corgi, were gifted by the Duke of York while staying at Windsor during the lockdown. The puppies kept the monarch entertained while the Duke of Edinburgh was in hospital. The Queen named the dorgi Fergus after her uncle - who was killed in action during the First World War, and the corgi Muick, pronounced Mick, after Loch Muick on the Balmoral estate.  READ MORE: The 10 things we learned from Prince Harry's interview But the monarch was devastated when five-month-old Fergus died just weeks later, in the aftermath of Philip's death. He was later replaced with a new corgi puppy, from Andrew and Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie for her official 95th birthday, who the Queen named Sandy. Sarah also proudly commented on her daughters Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie - who is currently pregnant with her second child with husband Jack Brooksbank, following the birth of her son August. She said about Eugenie: “She is phenomenal. She looks great and I'm really proud of her for managing to work as hard as she does at Hauser & Wirth.  DON'T MISS:Harry and Meghan ‘won’t dare stay away’ from King Charles’ Coronation [REVEAL]Future of Prince Andrew's home debated as King asks him to leave [INSIGHT]Prince William and Kate ‘on board’ with King Charles’s decision  [SPOTLIGHT] “But I am also proud of her as a mother. She's very good with August. “Everyone says 'How are you as a grandmother?' “I say that I absolutely love being a grandmother but I'm so proud of my girls. We're a really strong, close-knit family.” 