Replays have shown two Bournemouth players were seemingly inside the Arsenal half when kick-off was taken prior to Phillip Billing's crazy ninth-second opener at the Emirates Stadium. Gary O'Neil's relegation-battling Cherries got off to a dream start against the Premier League leaders with one of the quickest goals in top-flight history to stun the home crowd but it appears there is a chance the goal potentially shouldn't have stood.  Striker Dominic Solanke took the kick-off to get the match underway but images from the goal have since shown that Antoine Semenyo and Jordan Zemura were marginally inside the Arsenal half when the ball was laid back by the former Liverpool frontman. Just seconds later, Bournemouth were on the front foot and they managed to ruthlessly punish some lacklustre defending as midfielder Billing arrived in the box to fire home the opener past goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale. Opta have now revealed Billing's goal is officially the second-fastest in Premier League history after the ball hit the net in 9.11 seconds. It somehow preserves Shane Long's mind-blowing record of the quickest-ever Premier League goal that was scored in 7.6 seconds when he found the net for Southampton at Watford in April 2019. READ MORE: Gary Neville makes Premier League title promise to Arsenal fans after 'desperate' jibe Arsenal, of course, will have no interest in the stats as they made an uncharacteristically-bad start to their routine home clash with the Cherries following the 4-0 midweek win over Everton. The images of the alleged kick-off blunder - which was signed off following a VAR review - have since been circulated on Twitter by Arsenal supporters and some feel aggrieved they were on the end of another major officiating blunder as the pressure intensifies in the title race. "Two players in the Arsenal half before the game kicks off which leads to the goal," tweeted @TikiTakaConnor. To which @leafricangooner responded: "No way, not another VAR blunder." @DarrenASurridge added: "Amateur hour for the officiating again," meanwhile fellow Arsenal fan @Nikkodypvik tagged PGMOL. MORE TO FOLLOW We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/sport/football. Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow us on Twitter @dexpress_sport - the official Daily Express & Express.co.uk Twitter account - providing real news in real time. We're also on Facebook @dailyexpresssport - offering your must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day to like, comment and share from the Daily Express, Sunday Express and Express.co.uk. Arsenal will have no interest in the statistics as they made an uncharacteristically-bad start to their routine home clash with the Cherries following the excellent 4-0 midweek win over Everton. The images of the alleged kick-off blunder - which was signed off with no issues following a VAR review - have since been circulated on Twitter by Arsenal supporters and some feel aggrieved they were on the end of another officiating blunder as the pressure intensifies in the title race. "Two players in the Arsenal half before the game kicks off which leads to the goal," tweeted @TikiTakaConnor. To which @leafricangooner responded: "No way, not another VAR blunder." DON'T MISSLuis Enrique appointment could help reignite careers of three Chelsea strugglersMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to lightLiverpool have seven names on centre-back wish-list as Chelsea and Everton stars impress Reds @DarrenASurridge then added: "Amateur hour for the officiating again." Meanwhile, fellow Arsenal fan @Nikkodypvik tagged PGMOL. Most Arsenal fans weren't having the excuses though and they were instead incensed by the wretched start to the match their side made following Manchester City's 2-0 victory over Newcastle at lunchtime. The majority of supporters on social media were absolutely furious that their side had allowed Bournemouth to score so easily right at the beginning of the match without Arsenal even touching the ball. Twitter user @Siphiwe84 wrote: "It was a good play by them, we were still fast asleep..." @SkyggeSpray added in response to the screenshots: "Not the reason they scored." @GoonerSpark2012 wrote: "To be fair, if they are one stride further back, it doesn’t change anything. One to just let go," while @carrim14 added: "I don’t have time for this, we shouldn't be conceding in the 9th SECOND lmao." Although Arsenal would be clutching at straws if they were to point out the incident, the Gunners have recently been on the wrong end of a high-profile error at the Emirates Stadium that saw VAR official Lee Mason leave PGMOL. Mason failed to spot a clear offside after failing to apply the lines correctly in Arsenal's 1-1 draw with Brentford as Ivan Toney struck an equaliser for the Bees. The decision infuriated head coach Mikel Arteta, who made his feelings known after the match as he felt his side were robbed of three precious points.