EastEnders's Denise Branning (played by Diane Parish) has been playing with fire lately. She has been enjoying a flirtation with bad boy Rav Gulati (Aaron Thiara) unbeknownst to her copper husband Jack (Scott Maslan). So far, she has managed to keep their liaisons hidden but that could be about to change next week when Jack gets his colleague Callum Highway (Tony Clay) to trawl through some CCTV footage of the restauranteur. The situation arises when Jack offers Callum a promotion to Trainee Detective Constable. His first day in his new role gets off to rocky start when other members of the force give him a nickname. In an attempt to stamp out the behaviour in the team Jack gets Callum to work, trailing through CCTV footage of Ravi. But with Denise and Ravi having been less discreet than they thought could he be about to rumble their affair, and more importantly will he tell Jack? READ MORE: EastEnders' Zack and Whitney shaken after baby Peach's death Denise is already worried about Jack’s investigation into Ravi and tries to persuade him to reconsider. However with Callum on the case her pleas might be in vain. She is dealt another blow when Ravi walks into the Vic with a date. Already jealous, she is stunned when she learns they’re heading to the same hotel she and Ravi had a dalliance in. On that occasion Ravi tried to take their relationship to the next level. He booked them a hotel room and gave Denise the key card. After a close call with Jack she eventually arrived for her clandestine meeting and even went as far to get into bed with Ravi. However, she stopped things before they went too far leaving him visibly rejected. DON'T MISS: Endeavour's Shaun Evans pays tribute to 'fantastic' co-star [INSIGHT]Paul Whitehouse in health update as he heads to heart assessment [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson falls foul of farmers over Clarkson's Farm error [INSIGHT] EastEnders boss Chris Clenshaw has confirmed Ravi has some darker storylines ahead, saying: “Ravi is captivating, cunning and dangerous and can go from pleasant to menacing with very little warning.” And his relentless pursuit of Denise has convinced fans that he might be the mystery murder victim teased in the recent festive flash forward. Taking to Twitter user @SukeveForever wrote: “I think Ravi is gonna become an obsessive stalker towards Denise & Suki will find out he was the one who killed Ranveer & that makes him a contender to be the dead body at Christmas... #EastEnders.” @sukistraken also feels that he has been displaying “stalker” tendencies writing: “Ravi and denise would’ve been fine as a couple for a normal affair but ravi you’re strange… break denise free from jack but don’t go to ravi  the stalker #EastEnders.” (sic) The massive Christmas storyline was teased recently in a flash forward set in an opulently decorated Queen Vic at Christmas 2023.  It culminated in six of the Square’s matriarchs; Sharon Watts (Letitia Dean), Linda Carter (Kellie Bright), Denise, Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal), Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Stacey Slater (Lacey Turner) standing over a dead body. The only clue so far to the victim’s identity is a pair of cufflinks that were seen as Sharon checked for a pulse. EastEnders fans will have to wait until Christmas Day 2023 to find out the identity of the victim, who the murderer was and how it all went down.  EastEnders on BBC One has a scheduling shake up this week due to the FA Cup. There will be a double episode on Monday February 27th at 7.30pm, Thursday night’s episode will broadcast at 7.30pm as usual and there will be an episode at 7.30pm on Friday. All episodes will be on the iPlayer at 6am on their usual date of broadcast.