Oscar winner Lady Gaga, 36, was promptly branded the “kindest” Hollywood star as she rushed to the aid of a paparazzi who had suffered a fall. The photographer took an unfortunate tumble on the Oscars champagne carpet this evening while snapping photos of the stars in attendance. Fortunately for the snapper, it wasn’t long before Poker Face hitmaker Lady Gaga ran to his side to check on him. In a video taken by a fan watching the red carpet coverage at the 95th Academy Awards, Lady Gaga can be seen walking into the ceremony, while surrounded by members of the press. However, one photographer keen to take a photo of the singer and actress fell amongst the crowd. After noticing the paparazzi’s fall, the star immediately turned around and ran back to help. READ MORE... Sky Sports F1's Naomi Schiff admits she 'made Lewis Hamilton nervous' The Bad Romance singer could then be seen bending down to check if the photographer was okay.  It wasn’t long before social media users rushed to praise Lady Gaga for her sweet-natured actions.  One Oscars viewer gushed: "Lady Gaga the only person who went back to help someone who fell on the red carpet…. this woman is is so kind and humble."  Another added: "She’s the kindest." A third fan commented: "That’s true compassion right there, no hesitation, immediately ran over to help him." A fourth Twitter user branded the singer "mother of kindness". Lady Gaga's heroic appearance on the Oscars red carpet almost didn't happen, as the megastar made a last-minute appearance at the event. She initially wasn't expected to grace the Academy Awards, as on Wednesday, show producer Glen Weiss said the busy actress had a scheduling conflict.  Don't miss... Cate Blanchett to step back from film career after 'painful' time [LATEST] Denise Welch accuses celebs of betrayal over lack of public support [OPINION] Jonnie Irwin sets record straight on A Place in the Sun return [COMMENT] Weiss explained at the time during a press conference that Lady Gaga would be busy filming the Joker sequel Folie à Deux. However, the multitalented star surprised fans on Sunday, as sources confirmed to Variety and ABC News that she would, in fact, be there. Lady Gaga is set to perform Hold My Hand from Top Gun: Maverick, which is nominated for Original Song at the Academy Awards. The nomination marks Gaga's fourth Oscar nomination and third nod for Original Song at the star-studded ceremony. Lady Gaga previously picked up an Oscar for her song Shallow from A Star Is Born. She was also nominated for Best Actress that same year for the film, in which she starred alongside Bradley Cooper. The star arrived on the champagne carpet in a black dress with sheer detailing, which supermodel Gigi Hadid had worn just days ago on the Versacee FW23 runway show in LA. Gaga's gown was designed with a sheer long-sleeve bodice, featuring exposed corset boning and a drop-waist skirt.