Social media star Emma Johnson (@emmasrectangle) went on a journey to lose weight five years ago and managed to shed an impressive 50lb. In a recent video on her TikTok profile, she revealed that the first 15lb were achieved through her diet alone - and no exercise. To help others do the same, Emma shared her '"simple" tip that can make following a healthy diet easier. Emma told her TikTok followers: "Exercise is incredible for your mental health and physical wellbeing and I 100 percent recommend you do it, but if your nutrition is not under control then you're not going to see the results that you want. "So if you're just starting out, you're overwhelmed - there's so much advice out there and you don't know where to start. This is a simple rule that I put into play that I still use. "And it makes making little changes super easy and sustainable." She explained that the key to improving your diet starts by taking a look at what's on your plate. READ MORE: Woman loses four stone in just months after 'feeling horrible' While you should also be looking at the ingredients you're eating, Emma noted that the first step is to question the colours of your food. She said: "For me personally, I'm a carb-queen. Carbs are incredible, I would never cut them out, but my plate would basically be beige. "If you are like me and a beige plate is a happy plate, then I urge you to try this tip out." The TikTok star explained that the first step to making your meals healthier is to take anything on your plate that is white and turn it brown. DON'T MISS...Four 'red flags' to watch out for online when buying weight loss aids [REVEAL]1000lb Sisters appalled by Amy’s ‘dangerous’ surgery request [LATEST]My 600lb Life's Mark Rutland refuses weight loss surgery [INSIGHT] Once you have made some healthier swaps for the white ingredients, you should then take half of anything brown, and turn it green. According to Emma, an example of this could be a bowl of white pasta and sauce. She said: "If you turn that white pasta into brown pasta and then take half the volume of food that would have been pasta, and change that into something green - for example, broccoli. "That's one of my favourite tips. Half a plate of broccoli, half a plate of pasta. It's a huge volume of food but it's a much lower density." READ MORE: Princess Beatrice's body is 'stronger as a result' of having a baby This means you still get to enjoy a full meal with your favourite foods, and in the same portion size. Emma noted that making the simple change to your plate will make you "more satiated" and give you "much more fibre". And the benefits don't stop there. She added: "You're getting your greens in, you're getting higher protein in. "And the calorie density of broccoli is much lower than of pasta." It's not just pasta and broccoli you can try this out on either. Any combination of carbohydrates and green vegetables will work for this easy dieting hack. You could try swapping white rice for brown rice and then add half a plate of courgette and kale, or another one of your favourite greens. Emma said: "It also for me removes the scarcity mindset. You're adding something to your plate rather than taking things away." One of the most beneficial things about the TikTok star's tip is that you aren't restricted from eating your favourite foods - it's just about having less of them.