The fourteenth, and final, season of the American police procedural television series NCIS: Los Angeles premiered in October of last year and is set to conclude later this year in May. Although fans may be disappointed with the long hiatus, there are “a few surprises” in store, according to showrunner R. Scott Gemmill.  At the beginning of the year, CBS confirmed that the long-running NCIS spin-off will end after season 14, with the last ever episode airing on May 14. It may be a long wait but this comes with good reason, as the show will showcase a grand two-part finale. Ahead of the finale, the cast of NCIS: Los Angeles bid farewell to Paramount Studios last week, the show's home for the past 14 years. In the midst of the goodbyes, showrunner R. Scott Gemmill lifted the lid on what fans can anticipate seeing in the finale.  The producer admitted there is some pressure that comes from writing a big finale. He explained: “In fact, the longer you’re on the more difficult it is because there’s so much expectation and how do you live up to that?” “We just took it on a character-by-character basis and tried to put them in a very good place in their lives and, hopefully, the fans will be happy with it. Despite the show's usual hard-hitting storylines, Gemmill did hint that the last scene was “really fun and hopeful” But when it comes to the finer details of the finale as a whole, Gemmill remained tight-lipped. But he did tease a potential Callen and Anna wedding. He explained: “That’s quite possible … There are a few surprises. We try to put everyone in a really good place and Callen and Anna are two of them. "Part of what happens in the finale is Callen getting to a point of contentment and I think that’s why he’s asked Anna to marry him. "He’s gotten to a point where he’s much more present and looking to the future, where for 14 seasons, we’ve seen him trying to learn about his past and figure it out. I think he’s in a good place. They both are.”  The most recent episode directed by star Daniela Ruah, who plays Kensi Blye, began with an investigation into the mysterious death of a sailor. The OSP was tasked with his mission, meaning that the L.A. office would tackle the question of why three sailors had committed suicide on the Allegiance in recent months. Fortunately, the forensics team quickly eliminate the death to be a suicide after proving Wassner's suicide note was fake, meaning his death went from suicide to murder. Meaning that neither the working conditions in the Allegiance nor Abedayo's leadership were to blame for Wassner's death.  The crime drama did take a break for more than a month earlier this year, mainly due to a CBS schedule shake-up. Thankfully the show is back to its usual Sunday time slot on CBS, as fans continue to watch the agents chase down some of LA’s criminals. NCIS: Los Angeles is currently streaming on Paramount+ and Disney+ in the UK.