Netflix’s popular period-drama The Crown is set to return later this year as it continues to follow the Royal Family throughout the reign of Queen Elizabeth II. According to an inside source, fans can buckle up to prepare to relive the repercussions Prince Harry faced after the native and colonial fancy dress party, where he dressed as a member of Rommel’s Afrika Korps. The Crown will “bring up” the controversial moment Prince Harry wore a swastika symbol to a fancy dress bash back in 2005, it has been claimed. The shocking incident saw Prince Harry all over the front page of The Sun wearing a swastika symbol on his arm, later forcing the Royal Family to apologise on his behalf. An insider told The Sun: “It is one of the most shameful incidents in Harry’s life and one that he finally addressed in December. “Older generations will remember The Sun’s ‘Harry The Nazi’ story and photo but this past episode in Harry’s life may come as news to Netflix’s many younger viewers. “In more recent times, Harry has made claims about racism in the UK and unconscious bias in the Royal Family on Netflix. It is kind of ironic that Netflix is the one to bring up this incident.” The Prince addressed the moment during the third episode of Harry and Meghan Markle's docuseries that aired on Netflix last year. Looking back Harry said the outfit was "probably one of the biggest mistakes of my life”. He claimed: "I felt so ashamed afterwards. All I wanted to do was make it right." Following the scandal The Duke of Sussex revealed he spoke to a chief rabbi and Holocaust survivor to learn from his mistake. Harry claimed he learned his lesson and stated: "I've learnt my lesson. I'm very sorry if I offended anybody. I'd like to put it in the past now. What's done is done. I regret it." However, in another shocking revelation told in his recently published and contentious memoir titled Spare, Harry claimed he asked for William and Kate's help when it came to choosing his fancy dress outfit. The option was between two outfits, a pilot's costume or the Nazi uniform.  According to Harry they "both howled" when he asked for the couple's opinion on his two outfit options. Following the accusations, Kensington Palace did not comment on the Prince's Spare allegations. This all comes after it was confirmed the Duke of Sussex’s life will be told through Luther Ford in the drama’s upcoming season. His brother Prince William will also be featured in the sixth season, portrayed by actor Ed McVey.  Harry’s sister-in-law is also set to be apart of the upcoming season, as Meg Bellamy will playing the role of young Kate Middleton. The actors playing the royal couple were pictured filming the pivotal moment the pair first locked eyes on each other during their time at St Andrews University back in 2001. They were captured bumping into each other while out for a run in the Scottish countryside during their first year of university. The drama will also entail the moments leading up to the tragic death of Princess Diana (Elizabeth Debicki) in 1997. The Crown's representatives have been contacted to comment on the revelation. Seasons one to five of The Crown are currently streaming on Netflix. Season six is expected to arrive later this year.