American billionaire Stephen Pagliuca has revealed he expressed an interest in Liverpool amid claims he could make a renewed move for the Anfield side. Pagliuca, who owns Italian side Atalanta and NBA team Boston Celtics, wanted to take over at Chelsea and was part of the process to replace Roman Abramovich before Todd Boehly was successful in becoming the club's new owner. He has been linked with a move for Liverpool and Manchester United with both clubs looking for new investment and, in the case of the latter, potentially new owners. Pagliuca has been running investment fund Bain Capital for three decades and is a billionaire having taken over at Atalanta in February last year and is a co-owner of the Celtics in the United States of America's National Basketball Association. According to reports, Liverpool's owners Fenway Sports Group (FSG) may prefer bringing onboard a strategic partner, rather than selling the club they have owned for nearly 13 years. Pagliuca was asked about his interest in Liverpool or United while speaking at the Financial Times Business of Football Summit and revealed his interest in Jurgen Klopp's side before FSG took over. He said: "I looked at Liverpool about 15 years ago when they had that situation. I can't talk specifically about any transactions we are working on because of confidentiality agreements but obviously we are aware of those transactions. "The questions on those transactions in general is what price level do we think is sustainable? Obviously the Chelsea process which received a record price has probably motivated folks to try and monetise clubs that they have owned for a long time, and we are certainly in a period where values have been driven up. "Anyone who buys a club has to assess the economic opportunity, how much money we have to put in to keep up the quality and what that will cost you. That is what we do in everything we are looking at." In February, Liverpool owner John Henry insisted that the Reds were not for sale. Speaking to the Boston Sports Journal, Henry said: "Yes. I know there has been a lot of conversation and quotes about Liverpool, but I keep to the facts. "Will we be in England forever? No. Are we selling LFC? No. Are talking with investors about LFC? Yes. Will something happen there? I believe so, but it won't be a sale."