The daughter of Epsom College headteacher Emma Pattison, who is believed to have been murdered by her husband, died of a shotgun wound to the head. Seven-year-old Lettie was found dead alongside her mother Ms Pattison who died of shock, haemorrhage and shotgun wounds to the chest and abdomen, Surrey Coroner's Court has heard. Both are believed to have been murdered by 39-year-old chartered accountant George Pattison - their husband and father respectively - before he killed himself. The three were found at their home within the ground of Epsom College, Surrey on February 5 after Ms Pattison made a distressed call to her sister An earlier inquest into Mr Pattison's death revealed he died of a shotgun round to the head. Opening the inquest coroner Simon Wickens said: "I would like to offer my deepest sympathies to George's wider family at this difficult time." Post-mortem examinations were carried out by Dr Ashley Fegan-Earl at East Surrey Hospital four days after the shooting, coroner's officer Kelly Truss said. Toxicology and histology tests were carried out, while Mrs Pattison and Lettie were identified by their teeth, the court heard. Following their deaths, Ms Pattison and Lettie's family said the two were "inseparable". A statement added: "She was everything one could hope for in a daughter, sister, mother, wife, friend, teacher and so much more. We are an extremely close family and family was at the centre of Emma and Lettie's universe. "The Epsom College community had become part of that universe for them both. "Seven-year-old Lettie was Emma's pride and joy: an adorable, vibrant little girl with a compelling curiosity, a heart-melting smile and an intellect beyond her years.  READ MORE: Woman who waved 77-year-old cyclist into fatal crash jailed  Surrey Police confirmed that a firearm legally registered to Mr Pattison was found at the scene. Mr Pattison had been in touch with Surrey Police three days before the killing to discuss his gun licence. He asked to change his address after the family moved to the school site from Caterham.After the "double-murder suicide", the police force referred itself to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC) because of its contact with him 