Houssem Aouar is set to join Eintracht Frankfurt on a free transfer this summer, two-and-a-half years after he was the subject of two mega-money bids from Arsenal. The France international midfielder was once considered to be a top target by both Mikel Arteta and Edu but Lyon chief Jean-Michel Aulas continued to dig his heels into the ground. It's understood Arsenal bid up to £33million for Aouar but Lyon were looking for closer to £45m in order to agree to a sale - eventually scaring the Gunners off. The market has changed drastically since then and at the time, Juventus and Barcelona were both considered to be Arsenal's biggest transfer rivals for the maestro. But Aouar's form soon deteriorated and Arsenal decided to move onto other targets as the player's stock plummeted. Real Betis and Aston Villa were among those linked with the midfielder last summer, but still he remained at Lyon to see out the final six months of his contract in France. READ MORE: Gary Neville 'surprised' by double Erik ten Hag Man Utd masterstroke in Carabao Cup final Real Betis and Aston Villa were among those linked with the midfielder last summer, but still he remained at Lyon to see out the final six months of his contract in France. Now Aouar is free to negotiate with foreign clubs, meaning he can already agree his next move mid-season - providing he does not U-turn and sign a late contract extension. Now Aouar is free to negotiate with foreign clubs, meaning he can already agree his next move mid-season - providing he does not U-turn and sign a late contract extension. According to Patrick Berger of SPORT1, Aouar is now set to join Eintracht on a free transfer as they prepare to welcome the Frenchman to Germany at the end of the season. It's even claimed he turned down Manchester United in the process of deciding his next move as Berger wrote on Twitter: "Houssem Aouar is close to joining Eintracht Frankfurt as a free agent. The 24yo midfielder turned down proposals from other clubs in summer, like Man United. Nothing signed yet but negotiations in advanced stages. Signing fee: €5m, salary around €3m." Separate German reporters have also confirmed the news with last season's Europa League winners now set to pull off a major coup by signing the talented 24-year-old. DON'T MISSFour options for Chelsea if Todd Boehly pulls trigger on Graham PotterLiverpool 'anger with Premier League' emerges after 33-minute Newcastle flight scrutinisedMason Greenwood 'reaction' to phone call with Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag comes to light It's believed Manchester United did in fact explore a deadline day swoop for the player before later landing Marcel Sabitzer on loan from Bayern Munich. The decision has been one they have not lived to regret following the Austrian international's immediate impact at Old Trafford. Aouar has won just one cap for France at senior level but he did make 17 appearances for their Under-21s between 2017 and 2021. Eintracht are due to replace departing attacking midfielder Daichi Kamada, who looks set to join Borussia Dortmund on a free transfer when his contract expires in June. Kamada has been considered by a host of Premier League clubs including Tottenham and West Ham but he now looks set to remain in Germany. The signing of Aoaur is another impressive pull from the club's sporting director Markus Krosche, who is attracting interest from Liverpool. The ex-RB Leipzig chief is now gaining admirers at Anfield as they search for long-term replacements for both Michael Edwards and Julian Ward.