Last month, the BBC came under fire and was forced to apologise to JK Rowling after BBC Radio 4 and BBC Radio Scotland failed to challenge the views of transgender women who claimed they were "boycotting" the Harry Potter video game, Hogwarts Legacy because Rowling was "anti-trans". During a segment on BBC Radio 4, Stacey Henley, a trans woman and editor-in-chief at The Gamer, said the Harry Potter creator was pushing "transphobia" and a "campaign against trans people". The radio host Evan Davis replied: "Obviously, JK Rowling... wouldn’t say she’s transphobic." However, the radio presenter was heavily criticised by the women’s rights group For Women Scotland for only making "perfunctory efforts" to intervene as part of the "skewed piece". After the show, Davis said the programme "hadn’t intended it that way". READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find A BBC spokesperson also responded to the backlash and issued an apology to Rowling. They said: "This is a difficult and contentious area which we do try very hard to cover fairly. "However, we should have challenged the claims more directly and we apologise that we did not." It has since been reported the BBC has renewed Strike, a programme based on Rowling's books of the same name. Deadline reported a "deal is yet to be done" but the BBC is "enthusiastic about another season". Last year, Strike made a return with its fifth series titled Troubled Blood. It was based on the fifth novel in the Cormoran Strike series, written by Rowling and published under the pseudonym Robert Galbraith. Tom Burke plays war veteran Cormoran Strike, while Holliday Grainger took on the role of his sidekick, Robin Ellacott. Don't miss... Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [LATEST] Emmerdale villain to return as fans 'work out' Rishi's intruder [INSIGHT] The One Show host issues apology after guest swears live on air [VIDEO] Season six of the BBC drama is expected to be an adaptation of Rowling's The Ink Black Heart. The book surrounds the murder of a successful YouTube animator after she becomes the target of relentless online hate. At one point in the book, one of the characters, Edie Ledwell is accused of being transphobic. The author has since made it clear that the novel is not based on her and her life. In another interview, the author said the plot was a "weird twist". "I wasn’t clairvoyant," she explained. "I just – yeah, it was just one of those weird twists. "Sometimes life imitates art more than one would like." Express.co.uk has reached out to the BBC for comment.