 Roger Federer and Wimbledon have appeared to tease fans following the Swiss star’s reported recent visit to the All England Club. The 41-year-old shared a series of snaps to his Instagram account from his trip to London and - while he didn’t include a photo of the club - Wimbledon commented with a waving emoji. It comes as the All England Club is said to be looking for a form of recognition or role for their eight-time champion. Federer looks set to be back at Wimbledon this summer following his retirement at last year’s Laver Cup. The former world No 1 has already reportedly been “in advanced talks” with the BBC to join their coverage of the grass-court Grand Slam, but Wimbledon itself is also said to be finding a way to honour its eight-time champion later this year. According to the Daily Mail, the All England Club is exploring an avenue for “some kind of recognition and role for him going forward, but its form has yet to be determined,” while it was also reported that the 20-time Major winner also visited the club a couple of weeks ago. Although Federer is yet to comment on the rumours, he has now confirmed that he was recently in London. The retired Swiss star shared a photo dump of his recent trip to the city on Instagram and, although there was no mention of Wimbledon, the tournament’s account dropped a subtle hint by commenting the waving emoji - appearing to confirm reports that Federer had paid them a visit during his stop in London. JUST IN: Novak Djokovic sets potential Daniil Medvedev showdown with Dubai win   Any role or recognition from the AELTC would be separate to his potential rumoured role at the BBC, which is expected to be in a limited capacity. Earlier this year, retired pro and All England Club board member Tim Henman discussed Federer’s potential return exclusively with Express Sport as the former world No 4 shared his wish to see his “good friend” at the tournament. “Will he come to Wimbledon this year? I hope so,” he told Express Sport. “In what capacity? I don’t know. He’s been an amazing champion in our sport, the most incredible ambassador in our sport and he’s a good friend of mine so I definitely hope I get to see him a bit more.” Asked if the Club would be personally inviting its eight-time champion back, Henman responded: “I mean he’s a member isn’t he, of Wimbledon. I hope he’s around and I’m sure he will be, he’s got too big a connection and too big a history not to be around at some stage.” DON'T MISSAlexander Zverev had Nadal theory at French Open before horror injuryEmma Raducanu receives Miami Open wildcard as schedule takes shapeCasper Ruud lands himself in hot water with press conference gaffe  But membership doesn’t appear to mean too much without a member card, as Federer recently revealed that he was denied entry to the Wimbledon grounds during a flying visit in November, when he tried to stop in before a flight home. “I had no idea where mine was, so I said no [I don't have one on me], but she insisted that I had to be a member,” the 103-time title winner said of one of the club’s security guards, speaking on Trevor Noah’s Daily Show. “I told her I am a member and normally, when I'm here, I'm playing. She tells me the same thing, so I look at her one last time and tell her, 'I have won this tournament eight times. Please believe me; I am a member!' I went around to a different gate, and one of the security guards asked me for a selfie. I was like, 'yes!' Finally, they let me in, and I thought about giving a wave to the person who didn't let me in, but I didn't do it.”