To celebrate International Women's Day on Wednesday, March 8, Meghan Markle visited Harvest Home, an organisation that helps provide housing, mental well-being support, and classes to expectant mothers who have faced challenges including domestic violence, substance use, and homelessness. The Duchess launched a "pop up baby boutique", hosted a lunch, and made a donation to the charity, according to The Archewell Foundation's website. Photos of Meghan at Harvest Home were published on The Archewell Foundation's website, and a statement read: "As an advocate for women's rights and supporter of mothers and families in need, Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex and the Archewell team celebrated the women of Harvest Home by creating a pop up baby boutique, hosting lunch from a female owned restaurant, and making a donation to the organisation. "Happy International Women's day to all of you! Whether donating your time, funds, or helping a woman in your community, let's all celebrate the women in our lives today and every day!" On the same day, the Duchess was also spotted leaving brunch with friends at Gracias Madre in Melrose Avenue in West Hollywood. Gracias Madre is a chain based in both West Hollywood and San Francisco and offers plant based Mexican food. It has welcomed many an A-Lister through its doors, including American actress Anne Hathaway. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat  For her day of events, Meghan chose a simple yet chic outfit that was all black, except for her shoes. The Duchess donned a long, black coat called the "Lilia" Cashmere Coat in Black by Max Mara, which she has worn on many occasions in the past. Costing £3,390, this coat is still available to buy on Max Mara's website. Its description read: "The ultimate cardigan coat by Max Mara in double hand-stitched pure sable cashmere is a must-have. Straight cut with a raised collar, kimono sleeves, patch pockets and a matching belt." It is also available to buy in Light Grey, Tobacco, and Sand. Meghan matched this garment with a black jumper and a pair of slim black trousers. DON'T MISS: TK Maxx plans huge expansion with 28 new shops in UK [RETAIL] Queen Letizia wows in green suit and £1,800 jewels [STYLE] Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Her wool jumper, which she had tucked into her straight leg trousers was ribbed and featured a round neckline. The trousers were simple but featured buttons from below the knee down to the hemline. While out and about, Meghan also carried a black and white bag, which was the Chanel 19 Stitch Bag from the iconic designer's 2021 collection. The bag was large and white, with black stitches embroidered in zig-zags across it. It also had a gold chain, matching the Duchess' slew of gold bangles around her wrist. Among her jewellery was the Cartier Gold Tank Francaise Watch, which was Princess Diana's £17,000 watch. Meghan inherited the valuable piece when she married Prince Harry in 2018. On her feet, Meghan wore the Valentino Garavani Roman Stud Flat Mules in Light Ivory Calfskin by none other than Italian fashion house Valentino. These featured a gold stud embellishment and have been worn by Meghan before - in April 2021. The Duchess completed her look with a pair of large, circular white earrings, and a pair of large, black and tortoiseshell sunglasses, also from Valentino. Her hair was tied in a low, chic bun at the nape of her neck, and she wore minimal make-up. Royal watchers were quick to comment on Meghan's look, with mixed reviews. Many liked her outfit, while others were not fans of some aspects, such as a detail on her trousers, and her shoes. Instagram user @luxmeagainpreloved wrote: "Love everything about this stunning outfit. The bag. The shoes. It’s all very classic but chic. And any of us can emulate this look at a lower price. It’s a win but I know people will stress themselves to find something wrong." User @franceszwei said: "Meghan, The Duchess of Sussex is epitome of elegance, class and timeless chic. What a sophisticated look. She is stunningly gorgeous." User @rebpat1113 commented: "Chic. Effortless classic look. She knows what she likes and sticks to it. I know not got everyone but she doesn't theme dress. She likes simple lines and muted colours." User @isabelq42 said: "She looks so classic and chic here. The all black ensemble given a pop with the white shoes and bag. Lovely gold accessories. Hair pulled back in her signature low bun. And anyone wondering about the climate in California... it is cold and rainy. And yes, it can be cold with the sun out. Trust me, I live in California." However, user @bedenkestehts wrote: "It's meh. An okayish look. The idea is great, but the buttons on the pants take away the chicness and the shoes aren't my cup of tea. Overall a solid six out of 10." User @jencutrerpartyofsix commented: "I've seen this coat several times, including once in person, and the fit always gives me bathrobe vibes." User @richmondharmeling added: "I hate the buttons down the side of the crops. To me, it takes away from the chic look. I see it in the stores all the time and l immediately hang them back up and move on." User @teri_dost wrote: "Too many black pieces - but love that bag! And really hate those shoes." User @austy_spumante agreed. They said: "I really like this, with the exception of the shoes."