Manchester United will switch their focus back to the FA Cup tonight as they face West Ham just three days after lifting the Carabao Cup following their victory over Newcastle in Sunday's final. The Red Devils are still in with a shout of winning both domestic cup competitions this season and will be looking to maintain their hopes of glory with another win over the struggling Hammers at Old Trafford this evening. United are unbeaten in their last 10 matches across all competitions and currently have one of the world's most in-form strikers in Marcus Rashford, who has scored 25 goals in all competitions so far this season and will be hoping to add to his tally against the Hammers tonight. However, it remains to be seen whether he will be given the nod to start as a result of his heavy workload for the Red Devils over the last few weeks.Here are all the details you need to know before this evening's FA Cup fifth-round tie... JUST IN: Erik ten Hag 'didn't blow away Man Utd' during first interview The match will kick off at Old Trafford at 7.45pm on Wednesday, March 1. Tonight's game will be shown live on ITV1 for UK viewers, with analysis set to be provided by Roy Keane, Ian Wright and Joe Cole when coverage begins at 7pm.The game will also be available to live stream on the ITVX app and website, while match commentary will come from Sam Matterface and Lee Dixon. Erik ten Hag will be without a number of United players at his disposal for the visit of West Ham, with Christian Eriksen still sidelined due to an injury sustained against Reading in the previous round of the FA Cup. Donny van de Beek and Phil Jones will also be watching on from the stands, while Anthony Martial remains a doubt with a hip injury that has been hindering him as of late.West Ham, meanwhile, will be without cup-tied Danny Ings and the injured pairing of Lukasz Fabianski and Vladimir Coufal at Old Trafford this evening. However, it remains to be seen whether David Moyes will be boosted by a potential return to action for Kurt Zouma, who sustained a small thigh tear in January. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.