Sir Lindsay Hoyle has rebuked the Government for failing to make its announcement that HS2 will be delayed in the Commons. Transport Secretary Mark Harper this afternoon said in a written ministerial statement that the Birmingham to Crewe leg of the flagship railway project will be pushed back by two years. But the Commons Speaker blasted the Government for not making the announcement to MPs in the chamber. A spokeswoman for the Speaker’s Office said: “The Speaker has consistently told the Government that major policy announcements should be made to the House first so that Members have the chance to ask questions on behalf of their constituents, rather than hearing about them via the media.” The high-speed line was due for extension between Birmingham and Crewe between 2030 and 2034 to help boost transport in the north of England. But the setback has been announced as part of cost-saving measures in the latest blow to the controversial railway line which has been dogged by criticism over its finances. Mr Harper also set out delays for services running to Euston in central London, as he instead focuses on initial services between Old Oak Common in the capital's western suburbs. In his written ministerial statement, the Transport Secretary insisted that the Government is "committed" to delivering the high-speed rail link between Birmingham and Crewe. But he added: "We have seen significant inflationary pressure and increased project costs, and so we will rephase construction by two years, with an aim to deliver high-speed services to Crewe and the North West as soon as possible after accounting for the delay in construction." Shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh said the North is "yet again being asked to pay the price for staggering Conservative failure". The Labour MP said: "Tens of thousands of jobs and billions in economic growth are dependent on this project. "This is the biggest project in Europe and delays pile costs up in the long run - ministers now need to come clean on precisely how much their indecision will cost taxpayers and the North." HS2 was officially given the go-ahead by then PM Boris Johnson in 2020 and was due to be completed by 2040. But the infrastructure project has been beset by delays and soaring costs. Those who support HS2 insist it will improve transport links and help the economy. But critics are concerned about the eye-watering cost and environmental impact. 