easyJet often offers passengers the chance to bag tickets to destinations across Europe and Africa from as little as £19.99, but like most airlines, the orange-tipped carrier has a luggage policy which applies to both cabin and hold luggage. Even if you've managed to get the best easyJet deal on your flights, if you're looking to take extra hand luggage or a suitcase away with you, there is likely to be an additional charge. Luckily, there are some ways to ensure the best value for money and avoid any unexpected, last-minute luggage fees at the check-in desk. The main thing is to understand exactly how much luggage you are allowed based on the ticket you have. While some passengers benefit from extra luggage as a perk of their ticket type, others will need to shell out extra in order to take a cabin bag. Rules surrounding hold luggage are also slightly different when it comes to passengers who have booked a package deal through easyJet holidays. All easyJet passengers can bring one small cabin bag per person without any additional fee. However, there are size and weight restrictions which must be adhered to in order to avoid shelling out at the airport. Some passengers can bring a large cabin bag on board measuring 56 x 45 x 25 cm (including any handles or wheels) if they: Regardless of your ticket or additional luggage purchases, the maximum number of cabin bags each customer is allowed is two. You can add an extra bag to your booking by visiting the Manage Bookings section of the easyJet website. Passengers are urged to check the size of their carry-on luggage before arriving at the airport, with easyJet's website stating: "We check cabin bag sizes before you board. "If your cabin bag is bigger than the maximum size allowed or if you bring a large cabin bag to the departure gate without the correct seat selection or without one pre-booked for your flight, it won’t be able to go in the cabin. We’ll have to check it into the aircraft hold and charges will apply." Hold luggage is not included in the price of easyJet flight-only tickets, but passengers can buy up to three checked bags. Passengers travelling in a group on the same flight and booking may pool their total weight allowance. This means you can spread the weight across your bags, however, no single item can weigh more than 32kg. The cost of adding a hold bag onto your flight varies depending on the dates and route of travel, however prices start from: It's worth noting these prices grow significantly when checking a bag at the airport, with last-minute hold luggage costs starting at £48 when purchased at the check-in desk. Any bags which weigh more than the designated allowance may face an excess weight fee of £12 at the airport. Every easyJet holiday includes a flight and hotel, along with 23kg of hold luggage per person for your flights. This means you do not need to pay extra to take one piece of hold luggage per person. Passengers can add luggage on to their flight at the airport, but as easyJet points out, this is the most costly option. Instead, they encourage customers to plan ahead and buy online. "Purchasing all your bags online is cheaper and will help you avoid paying bag fees at the airport and your cabin bags being placed in the hold," the budget-friendly carrier states. "The easiest and cheapest way to do this is online or via our mobile app when you book your flights. You can also add them after you’ve booked in Manage Bookings, or during online check-in." If you check in your hold luggage at the airport, regardless of whether it is 15kg or 23kg, you could be selling out fees starting at £48. These costs can even increase depending on the route and dates of travel. However, if you book online, you could pay just £9.49 for your checked bag weighing 23kg or £6.99 for a 15kg hold bag. That's a saving of £38.51 or £40.01 respectively. As well as passengers being allowed one piece of hand luggage for free, they can also take one carrier bag of duty free which has been purchased at the airport. If you are travelling with hand luggage only, duty-free or shopping at the airport is also a great way to get around liquid rules. You can purchase heavier and larger liquid items, such as shampoo, make-up, perfume or suncream at the airport. Not only does this save space in your hand luggage, but it also means you don't risk having items confiscated when going through security. However, some passengers have claimed they've successfully stuffed the odd item which won't fit in their hand luggage or even an extra handbag into their duty-free carrier bag without being noticed. Adam Ewart, CEO of Send my Bag told Express.co.uk the trick can work well if you want to sneak extra items onboard. Though "it's a bit cheeky" you can try and "carry them through the airport in a shopping bag." He explained: "You can also always try to carry additional items in a shopping bag which may attract less attention as you may have got it shopping in the airport. But if you push this too far you risk your bag being put in the hold." Although easyJet has recently launched the option to add a large cabin bag onto your booking from £5.99, the price of this varies depending on the route and date of travel. However, passengers can add a large bag and enjoy extra leg room by option for an Extra Legroom seat from £7.99. If adding an extra bag on for your journey costs more than £5.99, it could pay off to take a look at how much an Extra Legroom seat would cost. You might end up saving money on your large cabin bag and gaining room to stretch out in the process. Although easyJet sets out strict size and weight requirements, opting for a soft fabric bag could help you to squeeze a few extra items in. They can also go a long way in benefitting your weight allowance, with soft bags typically lighter to begin with. READ NEXT: