Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have reportedly been given an updated timeline to give up the keys to their royal home, Frogmore Cottage, with the couple expected to be given a new Palace home by King Charles. While the Sussexes must leave their previous residence "within weeks", the America-based couple could be offered Prince Andrew’s old suite in Buckingham Palace, according to The Mail on Sunday. The changes are part of King Charles’ residence shakeup meant to streamline the monarchy and remove perks for non-working royals. A spokesperson for the Sussexes confirmed on Wednesday that Harry and Meghan Markle were asked to leave Frogmore Cottage, which was gifted to them by the late Queen Elizabeth II after their wedding in 2018. "We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage," the spokesperson said. Instead, the King offered the keys to the 10-bedroom property to the disgraced Duke of York in a move that "stunned” the Sussexes, according to royal insiders. Despite now living in a nine-bedroom £12million house in Montecito, California, the America-based couple retained the early 19th-century property as their UK base. Although they were initially reported to give up the residence just after the King's Coronation, Mail Online reports they now have until Autumn to relocate. They renovated the house and moved in just in time for the arrival of their son Archie in May 2019. However, the renovation sparked controversy after the couple retired from public life and it was revealed that £2.4million of British taxpayers' money had been spent on the cottage's renovations. Following their relocation to California, they repaid the public funds. When the Sussexes visited the UK last year, they stayed at the house and they also went to the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations in the summer. Buckingham Palace issued an eviction notice to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex days after Harry's memoir Spare - in which he made a series of damaging claims against the Royal Family - hit UK shelves in January, according to The Sun. READ MORE: King’s olive branch to Sussexes may allow him to see grandkids An unnamed royal insider told the publication: "This surely spells the end of Harry and Meghan’s time in the UK." They are now reportedly planning to pack up their five-bedroom home and transfer everything to Montecito, California. The Sussexes’ close friend and royal biographer Omid Scobie claimed that some members of the Royal Family were "appalled" by the decision to evict Harry and Meghan. A royal insider allegedly told him: "It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. It's like [the family] want to cut them out of the picture for good." DON'T MISS:Prince Harry shielding Archie and Lilibet from his childhood trauma [REPORT] Prince Harry hopes openness will help men's mental health [REPORT] Harry and Meghan offered to stay in Buckingham Palace for UK visits [REPORT] An unnamed royal source told The Times the Duke and the Duchess of Sussex are not as "stunned" about leaving as it has been reported, with the couple believing that "if we need to move, we will get ourselves out". The Sun’s formal Royal Editor described the decision to evict the couple as "revenge" and as a "petty move" as the Firm has "plenty of palaces and properties". The last time the royal couple stayed in Frogmore Cottage was for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebration in June where they also hosted their daughter Lilibet’s first birthday. READ NEXT:Harry gushes over Meghan and says she's an 'exceptional human being''Meghan was not as cool' as Prince Harry in meeting with Rebel WilsonJeremy Clarkson hits back over Diddly Squat farm shop pricing claims Harry and Meghan may demand massive payout over eviction debacle Harry and Meghan previously dropped hint about Lilibet's christening