Recent Coronation Street episodes saw the manipulative scammer "accidentally" proposing to a smitten Elaine Jones (played by Paula Wilcox). However, as he's not really in love with her, it's likely Stephen (Todd Boyce) is hoping to get rid of Elaine next. Fans of the ITV soap know Stephen has only shown an interest in the Weatherfield resident because of her money, so he's probably been plotting her death for while. Elaine's son Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) begins to worry for his mother's safety in upcoming scenes, hinting he could be the one to expose Stephen's murderous ways. In episodes yet to air, Tim spots a picture on Elaine's laptop of a country cottage. She reveals to her son she's looking at properties and taking Stephen’s advice as they’ll be spending a substantial amount of time there, which leaves Tim concerned for his mum. Stephen ended up proposing to Elaine last week after his scheming against Carla Barlow (Alison King) took a disastrous turn. He's been drugging the businesswoman in attempts to take over her business, but last week he ended up high on LSD himself after drinking from the wrong mug. READ MORE: Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection It happened during an important presentation for Underworld, and Stephen was left with no choice but to rush away while he was supposed to be delivering his speech. He was then seeing visions of his two murder victims, Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost) and Teddy Thompkins (Grant Burgin). He killed the two men in Weatherfield last year and it seems he is willing to kill again. At that point, Elaine arrived and suggested he should retire so they can enjoy a future together. However, Stephen's enthusiastic response left Elaine thinking he was proposing to her, and she accepted. So far, the two are keeping the "engagement" quiet, but could Tim find out soon? Fans might hope Tim will encourage his mum not to trust Stephen, however, she isn't likely to listen. Since Stephen arrived, Elaine has been hoping to get close to him and is blinded by her feelings for him. DON'T MISS... Ant leaves viewers 'in tears' over Saturday Night Takeaway gesture [LATEST]Megan McCubbin details 'sadness' over Autumnwatch axe [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders producer teases Mick Carter might be alive [THEORY] All Stephen cares about is robbing people out of their money, so it wouldn't be a surprise if Elaine becomes his next victim so he ends up with her cash. As Tim becomes concerned though, he might start looking into Stephen's history properly. So far, he has managed to remain under the radar since he arrived in Weatherfield from Canada last year. With Tim becoming suspicious though, he could be the one to uncover Stephen's dark secrets. This probably isn't good news for Tim though, because the last person to clock on to Stephe's dodgy behaviour was Leo. He ended up being pushed off a balcony after he confronted Stephen about his plans to steal Aurey Robert's (Sue Nicholls) money. The death of Leo's dad, Teddy, came months later and he also worked out Stephen was up to know good and could have been involved in Leo's disappearance. Is Tim now more at risk than his mother if he begins to delve into Stephen's past? Coronation Street continues on Monday at 8pm on ITV.