Nico Rosberg feels Lewis Hamilton is not considering retiring from F1 despite contract talks yet to be finalised. Hamilton’s former team-mate believes the seven-time champion is “fully focussed” and has a new long-term goal. As well as trying to win his eighth world title, Rosberg also believes Hamilton is “relishing the challenge” at Mercedes. The Silver Arrows have struggled to compete at the front since the end of 2021 but Hamilton may be driven to bring the team “back to the front”. Rosberg told Sky Sports F1: “I think everybody including Lewis himself wants to see him right at the front with Max Verstappen for race wins. Of course that's clear. Nevertheless, for him it looks to be the case that he’s relishing the challenge to bring Mercedes back to the front once more. “And to get that eighth title because of course it’s still possible. So I don't see him thinking about retirement at the moment, I think he’s fully focussed on wanting to make the most of the season.” READ MORE: Max Verstappen shuts down rumours about his Lewis Hamilton rivalry LEWIS HAMILTON Mercedes could struggle again in 2023 with the team lacking pace in Friday's two practice sessions compared to front-running rivals Red Bull and Ferrari. The manufacturer also suffered a range of issues in testing including a hydraulics failure on day two. Hamilton’s contract negotiations have been one of the biggest talking points over the winter with a deal yet to be struck. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff confirmed the pair had a “first chat” about the future but confirmed no deadline had been set. It comes after Wolff suggested a deal would be agreed over the winter with the German manufacturer thought to be keen to keep his services. DON'T MISSReason behind Hamilton avoiding FIA penalty for wearing nose stud [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes pain may not improve for months in setback [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton may have ruled out hopes of challenging Max Verstappen [COMMENT] The strung out negotiation has led some to believe Hamilton was waiting to see how competitive his new W14 was before committing. This was suggested by ex-F1 world champions Jenson Button and Damon Hill ahead of the season-opening Bahrain Grand Prix. However, the suggestions have been denied by Hamilton, who insisted he would be loyal to his team. Speaking to The Mirror, he said: “It's mostly people creating rumours without facts. Never helpful. You would have thought they would both know me by now. "I've been with Mercedes since I was 13. We had a difficult year last year and I'm still here. And whether or not we have a difficult year this year, I'll still be here. We fight as a team."