Lewis Hamilton doesn't think Max Verstappen will "slip up" in his bid for a third successive world championship. Hamilton's run of dominance in F1 came to a controversial end in 2021 after an epic battle with Verstappen until the very last lap of the season. But that has appeared to kickstart Verstappen's era of supremacy with the Dutchman easing to his second world title last year. In contrast, Hamilton failed to win a single race throughout the entire year for the first time in his career as Mercedes struggled to build a car capable of challenging at the front. After holding initial optimism about enacting revenge from the 2021 season, it soon became clear that Mercedes were off the pace with their W13 and struggled massively with bouncing throughout the year. They ended the year on a relatively high note as the Silver Arrows appeared to close the gap to those at the front with Toto Wolff hopeful they were on the right track to head into 2023 and immediately challenge Red Bull. But they were brought back down to earth in pre-season testing as more issues presented themselves as both Hamilton and George Russell struggled with pace and grip. Meanwhile, Verstappen looked at ease throughout the three days with Red Bull seen as the strong favourites to start the season in top form.  It looks as though Red Bull will be the team to beat once again and there's even some fear that they could run away with things in the early months of the season. That would see Mercedes, Ferrari and the other teams relying on Verstappen and Sergio Perez to make some mistakes. But Hamilton doesn't want Mercedes to be relying on the two-time champion to "slip up". “I think Max will be very, very confident," Hamilton said. "I don’t think he’ll slip up. He’s a world champion. I wouldn’t question his determination or his focus. It is our job to catch up.”  Verstappen has already issued an ominous warning to his championship rivals, insisting the RB19 is shaping up to be even stronger than last year's car. “That’s the aim,” he said. “You always try to improve it. It feels nice, well balanced. "Every team lost a little bit of performance with the floor [regulation changes] but you always try to gain that back. I mean we had three really good days [testing], I think also just in general the progress we made over winter was really good. "We need to show it this weekend, and not just this weekend but continue to develop. Every track is also a bit different in terms of the behaviour of the car but the test days were good for us.”