Prince Harry has "really got it in for his father's parenting", according to a royal expert, who has leapt to King Charles's defence. In his autobiography Spare and TV promotional interviews the Duke of Sussex has accused Charles of lacking in affection, however, Ingrid Seward insists that the King was a loving father in his own way. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat Ms Seward pointed told OK! magazine: "He's really got it in for his father's parenting. What Harry fails to remember is that Charles had an appointment in his diary every 20 minutes, like the Queen did. "He scheduled time with his children and he took them to things like the polo and skiing, and he did gardening and taught them all about plants. "He did that kind of fathering."  In his recent interview with physician and trauma expert Gabor Maté Harry said he wanted to "smother" his own children Archie and Lilibet with love. He also spoke about the importance of parents not arguing in front of their children, saying: "Do not have those disagreements, arguments, whatever it is... "Luckily my wife and I don't have those. The idea of having those in front of the kids? I assume that my parents probably had a lot of those in front of me, maybe that's where it comes from." READ MORE: Charles wants ‘personal role’ in Commonwealth Day as duty set to shift Ms Seward has disputed this claim and says that Charles and Diana tried to keep their personal disputes away from their sons. She said: "I had the housekeeper from Highgrove [where Harry and William grew up], Wendy Berry staying with me when I wrote my book William and Harry: The People's Princes, and we went through very single diary of every single day that she was working at Highgrove. "She said there was never once that Harry witnessed a row between his parents. William did a little bit and he did suffer, but Harry never suffered. "He's certainly got that wrong. He never witnessed his parents fighting." Don't miss... King Charles and Camilla celebrate Charlie Mackesy's Oscars win [LATEST] King Charles's Coronation guest list in full [REVEAL] King Charles likely to completely snub Prince Harry in his will [INSIGHT] Harry's brother Prince William is also criticised in Spare for his supposed dislike of Meghan Markle, something Ms Seward believes would have been very upsetting to their mother Princess Diana. She continued: "Diana used to say, 'Harry's the naughty one just like me', but Diana was far more sensitive to people's feelings than Harry is. "She wouldn't have been so outspoken because she wouldn't want to hurt William. I imagine that Diana would be very unhappy with the way Harry has spoken about his brother. "And also I think that Diana felt it was her exclusive right to attack her husband but certainly not her children's right to attack their father."