Prince George and Princess Charlotte's favourite Disney films have been revealed by their mother Kate, Princess of Wales as she gave an insight into the hobbies of the young royals. While at a post-BAFTAs meet-and-greet, Kate was overheard talking about her eldest son's top film picks. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat The princess let slip that the classic Paddington Bear and Disney's Coco are two of George's favourites, however Prince William gave a different answer when previously asked the same question. He said of his eldest son's favourite film: "He quite likes The Lion King. We've watched that a few times." The future King then added: "We've watched Octonauts several times. He has watched some Lego movies as well, so he's watched a lot of things like that." William is President of BAFTA, making it extra special for him to enjoy watching films with his children. Kate said of the connection between his role and his family: "It's great obviously because of William's interest in film, it's great to have that father-son thing." During a trip to Northern Ireland, William said George now had a new favourite, the Viking cartoon How To Train Your Dragon. His younger sister Princess Charlotte is also a fan of Disney films, as she has been spotted dancing to the song We Don't Talk About Bruno from the hit film Encanto during a Jubilee trip to Cardiff. READ MORE: Meghan Markle fans point out Rebel Wilson jibe prior to 'cold' meeting Prince Louis has not been left out of the Disney fun, as his uncle Prince Harry gave him a very special gift for his christening in 2018. He splashed out on an £8,000 original copy of the A. A. Milne classic Winnie the Pooh from 1926 for his little nephew. A friend said: "One of Harry's happiest childhood memories was being read a bedtime story by his mother. "She loved all the old classics and Harry had the brilliant idea of starting a little library of first editions for Louis, Charlotte and George to enjoy as they get older." Don't miss... Sarah Ferguson defends Harry and Meghan's 'beautiful' life [LATEST] Clever style choices Kate and other female royals make to show unity  [FASHION] Prince Harry 'won't come to Coronation' to 'punish' Royal Family [SPOTLIGHT] At Christmas William previously let slip that his go-to festive favourite is the Will Ferrell film Elf. During a special chat with Radio Marsden, a radio station that serves the Royal Marsden Hospital of which he is patron, Prince William revealed some of his favourite things about Christmas. He said that Feliz Navidad is his favourite Christmas song and that he likes playing the board game Risk with his three young children. When asked by the presenter about his top Christmas film he said: "I would have to say, probably Elf. It's very funny and I keep watching it every Christmas and it still makes me laugh." 