Manchester United’s stand-in captain Bruno Fernandes has been told that his actions during the 7-0 drubbing by Liverpool were unacceptable. Gary Neville and Roy Keane were among those to have launched into rants over his antics on the pitch as he escaped punishment from the FA for an incident with the linesman. United have since denied that the Portuguese star asked to be substituted off, as Neville raged at the 28-year-old on commentary during the game for his gesture to the touchline, but his display was not fitting of a Red Devils captain. United icon Dwight Yorke has been the latest to scold Fernandes, who was one of several that appeared to have lost their cool at Anfield. Yorke felt that the likes of Keane and Bryan Robson would have taken a different approach, instead verbally lambasting their team-mates for the dismal performances. “Bruno Fernandes asking to be subbed off is not a good look, especially as it was our captain,” Yorke told BoyleSports. “It's easy to be happy when football is going great, when everything is going perfect. That's where the great captains like Roy Keane or Bryan Robson, they would never give in and would keep b******ing their teammates and showing their passion and desire. Don't miss... Man Utd star Fernandes escapes FA punishment after linesman push [LATEST] “This is where it has crept into the game a bit, I won't say foreigners but there is a lot of play-acting as captains in the game more and more nowadays. I come from the hard school where you get up and get on with it, the game has gone a bit too much in the other direction in my opinion. It was not a great look for Manchester United's captain to be getting called out the way he did when he should be leading the team by example.” Yorke felt that Fernandes’ actions are “not the sign of a great leader” and although Fernandes was only stepping in for club captain Harry Maguire as the England man could be set to depart Old Trafford in the summer in search of regular playing time. “Keane would be dishing it out and not complaining,” Yorke added. Don't miss... Messi vs Ronaldo - goals, titles and records to decide football's GOAT [LATEST] Man Utd stars' faces say it all as they arrive at training  [LATEST] Man Utd boss Ten Hag told to 'look at himself' over Liverpool calls [LATEST] “He would be taking a couple of prisoners down with him. There is no comparison with Fernandes, they don't have the same comparison. If I was playing in that team and saw my captain complaining, it would not have registered very well with me. We lose together, we win together, that's the saying in the dressing room and you can't look to abandon ship. It's not a sign of a great leader.” Neville kicked off the criticism of Fernandes during the game, as Fernandes gestured towards the United bench as a substitution was taking place, though the club have stated that he was attempting to hurry the change so he could take the kick-off. "Bruno Fernandes is stood in the centre circle with his arms raised saying 'Why isn't it me coming off?' Honestly," said Neville. "I think some of his behaviour in the second half has been a disgrace. The second half has been an absolute disgrace, a shambles. They have not been epitomised more than Bruno Fernandes, who has been embarrassing - a shambles - in this game.”