On Sunday night, the remaining Dancing on Ice contestants gave it their all in a bid to secure a spot in next week's grand final. During the evening, reality star Joey Essex and his partner Vanessa dedicated their routine to honour their late family members. Before taking to the ice, hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield explained to viewers Joey was skating to a song which meant a great deal to him. In a video clip, Dancing on Ice fans saw the reality star detail the reason behind his personal skate song, High by Lighthouse Family. He revealed it made him always think of his late mum and opened up about her death when he was 10 years old. Getting emotional in the clip, Joey explained his mum, who was called Tina, took her own life. READ MORE:Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction'  Confessing he was a mummy’s boy, he said: “I know she loved me, she loved my sister, she loved my dad, she loved my family. “My family loved her, she was very loved.” However, it wasn’t just Joey who shared the loss of a parent as his skating partner Vanessa lost her dad in 2021 after a six-year battle with cancer. After the duo took to the ice, the audience was blown away by the performance as it received a standing ovation.  Speaking to the couple, Holly asked how he felt after the skate. Joey replied: “It felt incredible really, obviously I did that for my mum but I did it for Vanessa, she’s been a great support for me. “Obviously this week has been really emotional, Vanessa lost her dad last year too. “You know, I felt like hopefully anyone watching this skate tonight can look at it and smile. Yeah, there’s light at the end of the tunnel.” DON'T MISS... GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [VIDEO] Emmerdale’s Naomi Walters puts Charles’ temper to the test with ambush [SPOILER] Coronation Street's Amy Barlow actress pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT]    While Joey was speaking, it was clear his skating partner was becoming emotional as she was fighting back tears. As she placed her head on Joey’s shoulder, host Holly said: “Give her a cuddle.” Embracing his Dancing on Ice partner, Vanessa started to cry as she wiped tears away when he let her go. Their emotional routine also impressed judges Oti Mabuse, Ashley Banjo, Christopher Dean and Jayne Torvill too.   Joey’s emotional skate gave him a total score of 38 out of a possible 40. Although the TOWIE star found himself in the bottom three against Mollie Gallagher and Sylvain Longchambon and Siva Kaneswaran & Klabera Komini. However, his skating skills were enough to land him in the final alongside The Vivienne and Nile Wilson in the final. Dancing on Ice continues Sunday on ITV from 6:25pm 