F1 fans can now watch races live and for free while travelling on aeroplanes after a three-year deal was agreed. The new season gets underway in Bahrain this weekend - the first of a record-breaking 23 rounds. Demand to watch F1 has never been higher as a result of Netflix's 'Drive to Survive' series which has steered a raft of new fans towards the sport. Formula 1 has now made watching races while on the move even easier after signing a three-year deal with IMG and long-haul flight providers Emirates, Etihad and Turkish Airlines. Dutch journalist Erik van Haren announced the news tweeting: "Formula 1 has now also signed a deal with IMG. Anyone who is on an Emirates, Etihad or Turkish Airlines plane during a race during the next three seasons can still watch the Grand Prix live via the Sport 24 channel. Also applies to a number of well-known cruise ships. #F1" For those wanting to watch F1 from the comfort of their home in the UK subscription service Sky Sports will be showing all 23 races including qualifying. However, this year's Sky Sports coverage will be without popular pundits Johnny Herbert and Paul di Resta who were both axed from their 2023 coverage. READ MORE: Fernando Alonso dubbed 'Darth Alonso' by fans after scaring TV presenter with near miss   Both were denied a contract extension to remain as part of this year's Sky Sports coverage. Speaking to motorsport content creator Last Lap Lucy, Herbert said it was "unfortunate" that he was not offered a deal for 2023 and pledged he would "be around". He added: "I've got various things going on. I'm enjoying things on the track and also life off the track as well." Meanwhile, Di Resta is expected to be racing this season in both the World Endurance Championship and the European Le Mans Series this year. Their departure means there are 13 members of the Sky Sports presenting team with David Croft the lead commentator.  While Sky Sports have the UK rights for live F1 coverage a deal has been struck to allow Channel 4 to show highlights of all Formula 1 qualifiers and races on their free-to-air channel. The terrestrial station will also show live coverage of the British Grand Prix weekend including the race on July 9. Stephen van Rooyen, CEO at Sky UK said: “Our partnership with Channel 4 succeeds thanks to our shared values. We both support the UK’s cultural economy across TV & film production, journalism, and the arts, and of course we’ve shared some of the UK’s great sporting moments together over the last few years. "Together with Channel 4 we look forward to giving racing fans in the UK all the twists and turns from the 2023 season.” 