Britain was battered by snow and ice last night, with an extreme blizzard leaving dozens of motorists stuck on the M62 motorway overnight. Drivers on the M62 motorway had to endure seven hours in miles-long tailbacks caused by the heavy snowfall. There are also widespread school closures today as Storm Larisa continues to take its toll. However, weather presenter Clare Nasir has warned that the worst of the wintry weather "is not over yet". Speaking to Jeremy Kyle on TalkTV, the former BBC and Met Office meteorologist said that people should be prepared "for some pretty horrible weather and for some disruption on the road" into the weekend. She warned that Scotland could see temperatures plummet to as low as -10C overnight, while Birmingham could see -6C. Ms Nasir said: "Some people were really impacted by the snow overnight, particularly northern England, northern Wales, Northern Ireland, some parts of the Midlands." JUST IN: Pensioner forced to move in with son due to cost-of-living crisis  She continued: "And it is not over yet. "There are amber warnings, which means be prepared for some pretty horrible weather, for some disruption on the road. "There are yellow warnings tomorrow. "For tonight, I want to advise your listeners to wrap up warm, and layer up.  "Temperatures across Scotland could dip down to -10C in places and we could see a -6C in Birmingham. "It will be a bitterly cold night. The Met Office has issued several yellow weather warnings for snow and ice as the deep freeze continues well into the weekend. DON'T MISS: Weather maps show snow sweeping south across UK as Storm Larisa hits [FORECAST]Lilibet christening 'mystery' over Harry and Meghan's timing of event [LIVE BLOG]Traveller was ‘cry laughing’ after airline made an error [VIDEO]  The new and updated warnings cover large parts of northern England, as well as Scotland, running until 10am on Saturday. However, hours after this weather system clears, it will be replaced by another low-pressure system, leading to further yellow snow and ice warning for much of northern England and Scotland from 3pm on Saturday to 6am on Sunday. The latest ice warnings state: "Whilst falling snow will clear from the south and east of the warning area in the next few hours, lying snow and ice will likely continue to be a hazard through the rest of this morning. "Icy stretches should become confined to higher ground this afternoon, before temperatures fall below freezing widely this evening. "This will lead to untreated surfaces left wet by snow melt becoming icy at all levels, with some disruption to travel likely." 