A businessman has been ordered to give over £105,618 ($125,000) worth of land to his neighbour after she claimed squatter's rights for her goat farm. Burton Banks, who had decided to sell the plot he inherited from his father, was left shocked to find his neighbour Melissa Schrock's goats had taken up almost two thirds of an acre. But Schrock was able to claim squatter's rights on the land she had been using for over 20 years when Banks took her to court. She said: "It's just always been my backyard since I was a little kid." Superior Court Judge Craig Karsnitz ruled in Schrock's favour after Banks, who primarily lived in Atlanta, would "only occasionally" visit the plot. Schrock had been able to lay claim to the land after proving she met the 20-year occupation threshold. Banks has since gone on to warn others after revealing he cannot afford to appeal the ruling, Delaware Online reported. READ MORE: China adopting Russian tactics to sow disinformation in US  Serena Williams, a law professor at Widener University in Delaware, has cautioned others over housing law. She said: "Inspect it regularly. "If you see something you haven't permitted - a tree you haven't planted, objects you haven't placed there − make sure to remove it, because that's the beginning of adverse possession." It comes as unchedk development has hit this once laid back beach town on Mexico’s Caribbean coast so hard that developers are now eager — even desperate — to build condominiums and hotels in a shantytown. While police are trying to evict squatters so towering condos can be built next to wood and tarpaper shacks, residents are fighting back, saying they are tired of foreign investors excluding local people from their own coast. In the latest clash on July 27, police accompanying a backhoe fired tear gas and tried to knock down some squatters’ homes in the shadow of a new, balconied condo building. The attempt ended when wind shifted the gas back on to officers, who retreated under a hail of rocks. Don't miss... Border staff stretched thin as agents sent north to cover 'weak point' [LATEST] Police respond to shooting at Bengals star Joe Mixon's home  [INSIGHT] Wife finds husband's mummified body in 'hoarder home'  [ANALYSIS] The contrast between rich and poor is stark: Gleaming white four-story condos with vaguely Mayan-sounding names and English slogans like “Live in the Luscious Jungle” and “An immersive spiritual experience” stand next to shacks made of poles, packing crates, tarps and tin roofing. On a coast where unchecked resort development has already closed most public access to beaches — there are only a few public access points on the 80-mile (130 km) stretch known as the Riviera Maya — residents of the squatters’ camp may have reason to ask whether poorer Mexicans will be allowed here at all. Officials in Quintana Roo state have vowed to relocate or remove about 12,000 inhabitants of the 340-acre (137-hectare) October 2 settlement. It was founded in 2016 on very valuable and once-public land a few blocks off the main street in town and about 1 1/2 miles (2 kilometers) from the shore. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews 