I lost my job because I wanted to talk about whether the law requires us to treat men who identify as women as if they really were women, in every circumstance. I took my employer to tribunal and lost in the first round. The judge said that because the Gender Recognition Act allows people to change the sex recorded on their birth certificate I must accept that some men really can become women. JK Rowling tweeted about my case in 2019 saying “Dress however you please. Call yourself whatever you like. Sleep with any consenting adult who’ll have you. Live your best life in peace and security. But force women out of their jobs for stating that sex is real? #IStandWithMaya.” I went on to win my case against my employer after a four-year legal battle, and with it the right for everyone to say that sex is real. This week JK Rowling tweeted again, and helped a parliament petition that I started to reach the magic number of 100,000 signatures. This is the number needed to trigger a parliamentary debate. The petition calls on the Government to clarify the Equality Act to make clear that when it comes to sex discrimination, single-sex services, single-sex schools, sports, and associations, “sex” means biological sex. It doesn’t mean how someone feels or what clothes they wear, or even if they have cosmetic surgery. People who are transgender are also protected from discrimination and harassment, but it does not mean their sex has changed. The Equality Act 2010 makes sex discrimination unlawful. It allows for single-sex services, such as women’s refuges, saunas and gym changing-rooms, accommodation such as youth hostel dormitories, single-sex schools and associations. It also permits female-only sports for safety and fairness. It defines sex as being male or female. But there is confusion about whether someone who has legally transitioned by acquiring a gender-recognition certificate (which does not require any medical treatment or surgery) is considered to be the opposite sex for the purposes of the Equality Act, and therefore for single-sex services, associations and schools. I don’t think that Parliament really intended for men to be able to share showers with teenage girls at the gym, or for organisations such as Girlguides to allow men who identify as women to serve as Guide leaders and tell parents and girls that they are female. Saying “no” to these situations is not hateful, but people are still afraid that they may lose their jobs for saying so. The debate about what sex means needs to be brought back to parliament.