Richarlison raised eyebrows after Tottenham's Champions League exit on Wednesday evening by claiming that his debut season in north London has been 's***' and lashing out at manager Antonio Conte. With the Brazilian seemingly keen to leave and his Spurs career in jeopardy, Express Sport takes you through four clubs that could sign him this summer... The Red Devils are expected to pursue a big-name striker at the end of the season and while they are linked with Victor Osimhen and Harry Kane, both transfers would be difficult to pull off. Current frontman Wout Weghorst has been praised for his hard work and pressing, which is something Richarlison could also bring to the table. Former United star Kleberson has backed his countryman to shine at Old Trafford, telling OLBG: "I'd really like to see Richarlison play for Man Utd. He's the kind of striker that could help United a lot. Especially with teams pressing, he can do a low block, he can put pressure on the centre-back and he can get inside the box." Don't miss... Man Utd takeover hopeful Sheikh Jassim 'could ditch bid' [REPORT] The Blues tried and failed with an offer to sign Richarlison last summer before Tottenham swooped in with a huge £60million bid. Todd Boehly and co have since been on a spending rampage at Stamford Bridge, although that doesn't necessarily mean that a move for the Brazilian is off limits. While manager Graham Potter is currently well stocked in attacking areas, a huge clear-out is anticipated at the end of the season which could make room for the 25-year-old. Chelsea's most alarming issue this campaign has been a lack of goals and Richarlison has a history of scoring in the Premier League - albeit not at Tottenham. Read more... Real Betis icon Joaquin posed naked and wants to be a bullfighter [FEATURE] Man Utd told Richarlison would be an 'amazing' Weghorst replacement [INTERVIEW] Messi thrown under the bus as PSG icon rants after Bayern defeat [LATEST] Years of financial trouble at Goodison Park could make a reunion difficult, but Spurs would surely be willing to take a painful financial hit on Richarlison if they decide to cash in this summer. The passionate forward loves to play football and he would certainly be given that on a regular basis if he went back to the Toffees, with whom he bagged 53 goals in 152 matches and forged a strong relationship with fans over a four-season spell that ended with his move to Spurs. The French giants were among those linked with Richarlison last summer. Although the presence of Kylian Mbappe, Neymar and Lionel Messi would make the Tottenham outcast's route into the first team virtually impossible, it seems unlikely that all three will still be at the Parc des Princes come the start of next season. Messi is soon to be out of contract while Mbappe could be discouraged by PSG's Champions League exit this week. Richarlison's stock may not be sky high at present, but his superb return for the Brazilian national team should make him a big enough name to cut it in the French capital.