America is "coasting" as China looks set to storm ahead of the US Navy with around 400 ships by 2030, a report has claimed. US Naval War College professor Sam Tangredi also argued that Washington has "forgotten" the value of its navy.  He told the US Sun: "The US has already been a global navy power. "Elites assume that the future is going to be the same as the past. "Even if you have a slight technological advantage and the intelligence networks are tied together, there will be a certain point when the enemy’s force is so much larger than the equation cannot be overturned. "Some [experts] have said that China will have around 400 ships by 2030 and the US will be stuck at around 280." Pentagon officials suggest China currently has around 340 ships and submarines. However, the number could increase to 400 vessels by 2025 and 440 by 2030. Beijing's recent increase in military spending comes after Chinese President Xi Jinping announced the nation would have a world-class military by 2049. The number of vessels in the US navy has fallen in recent decades, collapsing from 318 ships in 2002 to 298. The navy looks set to reduce the size of its fleet further to 280 vessels in 2027. Despite fraught Sino-American relations, Tangredi claimed it is unlikely that conflict over Taiwan will break out in the immediate future. He added: "I don't think there will be a war between the US and China in 2027 but there will be one sometime close to 2049." DON'T MISSWoman, 20, raped and strangled by gang member[LATEST]Man 'bound' woman in his van and threatened to kill her [REPORT]Plane averted after 'terrifying' close call [INSIGHT] Washington has recently warned Beijing could face "serious consequences" if it helps Vladimir Putin during Russia's ongoing invasion of Ukraine. In a sign of deteriorating relations, Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said last week: "We will certainly continue to make clear to the Chinese Government and the companies and banks in their jurisdiction about what the rules are regarding our sanctions and the serious consequences they would face for violating them." The ex-Federal Reserve chair also warned that the US would "continue to impose further sanctions on Russia" and would curb the Kremlin's ability to evade sanctions which are already in place. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews