Lilibet's newly-announced title may hold the key to reconciliation and "influence" the relationship with Royal Family, a royal expert has claimed. Until now, there has been growing speculation over whether Prince Harry's two children would be bestowed royal titles, after the Sussexes stepped down as senior working royals and moved to the US. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, royal expert and co-host of US Weekly's 'Royally Us', Christine Ross said: "Embracing the title, which Lilibet has held since King Charles ascended the throne in September, will certainly change her life as an individual. "[It] may also influence her relationship with the Royal Family for the future." She added: "This seems like an olive branch extended by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to stay connected to Prince Harry’s family. Or perhaps to attempt reconciliation." READ MORE: Harry and Meghan issue new statement defending children's titles: 'It's their birthright' On Wednesday, a spokesperson for the Duke and Duchess of Sussex issued a statement revealing that "Princess Lilibet Diana" had been christened. The statement read: "I can confirm that Princess Lilibet Diana was christened on Friday, March 3 by the Bishop of Los Angeles, the Rev John Taylor." Shortly after the announcement was made, the Sussexes issued a further statement defending their decision to formally use the prince and princess titles for their two children, three-year-old Archie and 21-month-old Lilibet. The couple said that the matter had been "settled for some time". READ MORE: Meghan Markle beams in first public outing since Lilibet and Archie given royal titles The statement read: "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch." In alignment with the announcement, the official website for the Royal Family updated the line of succession with the children's new titles. The children, who are sixth and seventh in line to the throne, are now included as 'Prince Archie of Sussex' and 'Princess Lilibet of Sussex'. Don't miss... Archie and Lilibet risk becoming 'royal celebrities', author says [EXCLUSIVE] POLL: Should the Royal Family have gone to Lilibet's christening? [POLL] Meghan Markle beams in first public outing since children's new titles [LATEST] Unlike Lilibet, Archie was christened in the UK, when his parents were still senior royals. Archie was only two-months-old at the time of his christening in July 2019. Lili was just three months away from second birthday.