Former Liverpool midfielder Danny Murphy believes Jurgen Klopp must completely overhaul his squad in the summer transfer window with six outgoing and as many new arrivals. The Reds are currently in a battle to climb back into the top four to salvage what has been a frustrating season so far. They're on the verge of a Champions League exit following a humiliating 5-2 defeat to Real Madrid in the first leg at Anfield last month. Klopp will want to put this season quickly behind him and the German coach has already admitted on several occasions that he's expecting changes to be made to his squad in the summer. Thiago Alcantara remains the only midfield signing Liverpool have made since 2018 and they're expected to address that in the summer market. Roberto Firmino has also confirmed that he will not renew his contract at Anfield, meaning he will leave as a free agent at the end of the season. But Murphy believes drastic changes are needed to Klopp's squad in order to return to the top of the table. "The size of that Real defeat was another example of why it will be time for a big reset at Liverpool this summer, which I think could see as many as five or six players leave and the same number signed in their place," he wrote for the BBC.  "Whoever they try to bring in, having Champions League football is a great carrot to be able to offer and of course the finances that come with qualification would be crucial for any squad rebuild as well. Liverpool made almost £100m by reaching the Champions League final last season and just by reaching the knockout stages this time they have already banked around £40m. "That money is extremely important to them and being in the Europa League does not bring anything like the same reward." Jude Bellingham is said to be Liverpool's No 1 target for the summer window and Murphy doesn't think the Reds will necessarily need Champions League football next year to convince the England international on a move to Merseyside.  "There is no way Liverpool will struggle to attract top players this summer if they aren't in next season's Champions League but if they want someone who also has offers from clubs who have qualified, it could be a deciding factor," he added. "I don't think it would affect the decision of Borussia Dortmund and England midfielder Jude Bellingham, though, to pick out just one player who has been strongly linked with the Reds. "If he is keen on going to Liverpool in the first place, then Bellingham will surely believe that his presence would help the club be back involved in the Champions League the following campaign. He only turns 20 in June so I doubt he would be bothered about missing out for one season in that competition because he has got so many years ahead of him to play in it."