Netflix’s Perfect Match brings together some of the streaming service’s most-famous reality stars in a competition to find love again. Contestants Joey Sasso and Karriselle Snow were the one couple in particular that caught fans' attention. The pair were thought to be the show's strongest couple after matching on day one, later resulting in Snow leaving with an engagement ring on her finger. Unfortunately, fans won’t be seeing the self-proclaimed perfect match walk down the aisle anytime soon. A recent Perfect Match follow-up show called Where Are They Now saw the pair separately discuss their relationship, whilst also confirming that they are no longer together. During the clip, Sasso reflected on his relationship with Snow during the series, admitting he laughs about it now. He explained:  “Sometimes we had to laugh about it. I’m like … you think some people are going to be surprised that we don't make it.” As clips played in the background of the couple looking loved up during the series, the star recalled the “ups” and “downs” of his relationship. The Circle star reminisced: “Like look at us… sometimes we're so up sometimes we're so down.” Adding: ”But we love so hard”. The conversation then switched to him discussing the reasons for the pair going their separate ways. He explained: “If someone's going to blame someone, you can blame me, I just think without going into details, things just weren't the way they were supposed to be."  Sasso also opened up about the pair’s split during an interview with Netflix Tudum. He explained that while his relationship with his co-star was “perfect” during the show, it didn't continue in the real world after they went home. The reality star added: “I think that both of us really respected each other enough to be able to walk away from the situation and really give each other time, distance, space." He went on to explain how the couple lived in different places and failed when trying to get on the same page as one another.   Despite the couple not lasting outside of the show, Sasso doesn’t regret the relationship with his former co-star. He told Tudum that he’s glad the couple didn’t hide their true feelings for one another explaining: “We love very hard, so the highs are high, and the lows can be very low.” The star continued: “At this point, we just know that we’re probably better apart, but that we really want to try to work on our friendship.” Since Sasso appeared on Perfect Match, he's been sharing plenty of behind-the-scenes clips from the series on his Instagram, and it looks like he's still on good terms with most of the cast members. As to whether the pair will reunite in the future, Sasso’s former partner, Snow, hinted that anything could happen between the pair. She explained: "Me and Joey can never rekindle and never get back together, but it's me and f***ing Joey.” The star continued: “How am I supposed to sit here and look you in the face and say 'I don't see myself ever getting back with the man I almost spent the rest of my life with'." Perfect Match is currently streaming on Netflix in the UK. 