WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS.NCIS season 20 will return for episode 16, Butterfly Effect, on Monday, March 13, after a one-week hiatus. The episode will see Jimmy Palmer's (played by Brian Dietzen) other half Agent Jessica Knight (Katrina Law) find out about her dad having a health scare while in Japan. As the chief medical examiner is there to comfort his girlfriend, CBS viewers cannot help but be curious about Dietzen's own family life. Jimmy Palmer actor Brian Dietzen is notoriously private when it comes to his loved ones. It is thought that he met his wife Kelly at a party in 2000 and married for almost two decades, now living in Los Angeles. Together, they share two children, a son and a daughter who they have managed to keep out of the public eye. For years, Dietzen didn't even give out his children's names but has since shared this small insight into his life. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find He took to Instagram in October last year to share a picture of a couple of personalised golf wedges he had made for him. They feature a few tributes to his children, including their names which are Satchel and Clover, with an Overwatch logo and musical notes etched on respectively. Dietzen explained: "Shout out to my guy @anthony.taranto for decorating some amazing new Callaway wedges for me. "Kiddos names! Musical notes for my daughter, and an Overwatch logo for my son!" He may not be the most vocal star in Hollywood but Dietzen is very much a family man. In December, he commented how Christmas was his favourite time with his family. He wrote: "My absolute favorite time of year. Merry Christmas to all who celebrate, and happy Saturday to those who don’t! "It’s been a great few days with my family in my home state. "Feeling blessed, recharged, and looking forward to getting back at it in the new year! "Hope you had something to make you smile today." Don't miss... Prince Harry has 'put himself in danger' and should 'miss' Coronation [ROYAL] Best online Mother's Day flowers for 2023 - best UK bouquet delivery [DEAL] NCIS Los Angeles season 14's finale release date has been changed [RELEASE DATE] Dietzen's character Jimmy Palmer has one daughter, Victoria Palmer (Elle Harper) who popped up in NCIS season 19. In The Helpers, an episode co-written by Dietzen himself, Jimmy took his seven-year-old daughter Victoria to the office to meet the team. But it didn't go to plan when he and Kasie Hines (Diona Reasonover) were accidentally exposed to deadly bio-toxin. Thankfully, the pair were alright, much to the relief of their friends and Victoria. NCIS season 20 will be back for Butterfly Effect next week on CBS, with the network releasing a teaser for what's to come beforehand. The description says: "The NCIS team jumps into motion to investigate who is responsible for a potential bioterror attack at a strip mall parking garage. "Knight's father deals with a health scare while in Japan." NCIS season 20 continues on Monday, March 13, on CBS in the USA.