King Charles will not be giving an interview to the BBC ahead of his Coronation in May, according to royal sources. Royal commentator and author Stewart Pearce said that the monarch was keen to talk to the broadcaster to publicise his "manifesto" for a more modern Royal Family, however the King has reportedly had a change of heart. He told The Sun: "I believe strongly, that Charles will grant another interview to the BBC, possibly with somebody like Jonathan Dimbleby, whom he trusts and likes." The King was interviewed by Jonathan Dimbleby in 1994 for the show Charles: The Private Man, the Public Role on ITV. It was during this interview that he publicly admitted he had been unfaithful to his then-wife Princess Diana with Camilla Parker-Bowles. A report had alleged talks had been held between the King and the BBC for months, with Charles possibly responding to attacks made against him in Harry's book Spare. However royal sources have downplayed the claim he will speak to the BBC for another special, as it emerged this week he has evicted Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from Frogmore Cottage. Charles officially asked the Duke and Duchess of Sussex to vacate their UK home just 24 hours after Spare was published, without offering them another royal property. Archewell said in a statement: "We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage." READ MORE: Poor Prince Harry being evicted (said precisely no-one this week)  It is understood that Frogmore will be offered to Prince Andrew, information that was unknown to the Sussexes until it appeared in the press. A Buckingham Palace source said any discussions would be a "private family matter", with another adding that the move was about "money, not malice". Harry and Meghan have already begun transporting their remaining belongings at the cottage to their home in Montecito, with their deadline to be out after the Coronation. DON'T MISS:Archie and Lilibet now ‘highly unlikely’ to receive royal titles [LATEST]Queen's funeral cost London Fire Brigade £1million in taxpayers cash [REVEAL]King's Frogmore Cottage decision tipped by author to satisfy Britons [SPOTLIGHT] This latest development has raised further questions over whether Harry and Meghan will attend the ceremony in May. Invitations are expected to go out very soon, and while the Sussexes will receive one it is not known if they will accept. Around 2,000 guests will be invited to the Coronation, a quarter of those who were present to see the late Queen Elizabeth be crowned in 1953. Prince Albert of Monaco and Princess Charlene are the first foreign royals to confirm they will be attending.