Daniil Medvedev has weighed in on Wimbledon’s potential Russia ban once again, as the world No 6 waits to learn whether he can play this year’s Championships. The All England Club barred all Russian and Belarusian players from competing in 2022 as a response to the Ukraine war and is yet to announce whether they will do the same this year. Medvedev has claimed that he isn’t “tired” of discussing the thought of being banned from Wimbledon as he reiterated his hopes of playing the grass-court Grand Slam tournament. The world No 6 has already made it clear that he wants to return to SW19 if he is allowed but won’t be annoyed if Russians are prevented from playing. “I honestly don't know anything. It is a question for them,” the 18-time title winner told AS when asked if he had received an update from the AELTC. “If I can play, I'll be happy. I love the tournament. If not, I will have to stay at home.” It comes just days after Medvedev told Eurosport: “I want to play on grass, I want to play Wimbledon.” As one of the most high-profile active Russian players on the ATP Tour, the 27-year-old has been quizzed over Wimbledon’s ban multiple times since the club first took a stand last year.  Just in Djokovic 'obsessed' with records in harsh French Open reality check [LATEST] But the former world No 1 doesn’t mind continuing the conversation, as he was asked whether he was tired of it. “Honestly, no. Because I do what I can, which is my job,” Medvedev responded. “Play tennis. I play where I can play all over the world. I try to promote good things, I try to show who I am, my good and bad side sometimes on the track. And that's the only thing I can do, the only thing I try to do well.” The All England Club is expected to announce a decision on whether they will ban Russian and Belarusian players during their spring press conference next month. And two-time Wimbledon champion Andy Murray also recently had his say on the matter, as he believes the ban won’t be repeated this year.  Don't miss... Djokovic hasn't 'given up' on Miami Open after entry request denied [UPDATE] Federer could get his tennis wish in retirement after £125m investment [NEWS] Djokovic Indian Wells ban 'doesn't matter' as Serb branded 'anti-hero' [EXPERT] “It's a really difficult one and I do feel for the players who weren't able to play last year, but I also understand the situation and why it's really hard for Wimbledon to make a call on it as well,” the former world No 1 told BBC Sport. “My understanding is that they are going to be allowed to play and I'm not going to be going nuts if that is the case. But if Wimbledon went down another route I would be understanding of that.” 