US billionaire Jahm Najafi is reportedly interested in Everton despite holding a meeting with Daniel Levy just last month. The 60-year-old, who is an owner of the Phoenix Suns NBA outfit and vice-chairman of the McLaren F1 team, was said to be lining up a £3.1billion takeover of Tottenham but appears to be more interested in their Premier League rivals instead. Najafi has been pictured with Spurs chairman Levy in recent days with the 61-year-old a guest of McLaren at the Bahrain Grand Prix. Naturally, this has only raised speculation regarding a potential takeover attempt at Tottenham however fresh reports suggest the Iranian-American has another target in mind. The Sun states that Najafi is interested in purchasing a stake in Everton which could include helping underwrite the costs of their new stadium in Bramley Moore Dock. His meeting with Levy in Bahrain was the first time the two had come across each other personally with the Tottenham chief only meeting Najafi's business partner Jeff Moorad when they discussed anything to do with a sale of the north London side. The Financial Times initially reported that Najafi and his group MSP Sports capital were considering a takeover of Tottenham, valuing the club at £3.1bn. MSP and partners were reportedly willing to put forward 70% of the purchase price with the remaining 30% will reportedly come from backers from the Gulf, in particular Abu Dhabi. However, it now appears that Everton will be the target instead. It is not yet clear what any investment in Everton would look like but the reported interest may be well received on Merseyside. The Goodison Park faithful have regularly voiced their disdain at the way their club is run and have called for the board, including Bill Kenwright and Fahrad Moshiri, to step down. There have been regular protests at matches this season with board members told to avoid attending the matches against Arsenal and Southampton earlier in the season due to a 'real and credible threat to their safety and security'. It remains to be seen what will come of Najafi's initial interest in Everton but the situation is likely to be closely monitored by fans. In contrast, Tottenham supporters no longer face any uncertainty with the future ownership of their club with Levy and Joe Lewis likely to stay for the foreseeable.