Throughout Alex Murdaugh's six-week double homicide trial, many spectators noticed the disgraced lawyer's remaining son sitting in the courtroom while the grisly details of his mum and younger brother's demise were dissected. Following his dad's conviction, twenty-six-year-old Buster Murdaugh was spirited away to one of the family's properties known as "Buster Island", according to a source close to the family. During the trial, the eldest son of the disgraced legal heir sat blank-faced following his father's conviction. Pictures taken from inside the courtroom show Buster, 26, sitting with his head resting on his left hand as he listens to the jury's verdict.  But moments after leaving the court, he broke down and began "crying uncontrollably", a source who was at the courthouse told the New York Post. He was quickly whisked away in a car by his uncles - John Marvin Murdaugh and Randy Murdaugh. Buster is believed to have been taken to a property on Chechessee Creek, near Beaufort, which has been in the family since the 1970s, known as "Buster Island". One Hampton local who has known the Murdaugh family for years, told the paper: "There is not a lot of warmth for Alex or Buster in Hampton these days. “I think [Buster] will stick with his uncles and stay out on Hilton Head. I don’t see him coming back here.”  While Alex Murdaugh, 54, was being led to a police van after he was convicted of murdering his wife and son, an onlooker outside of the court shouted: "Buster is next … your son is next, Alex!” READ MORE: Alex Murdaugh handed two life sentences for killing wife and son The remark seemingly points to Buster's suspected involvement in the death of Stephen Smith in 2015, who died under mysterious circumstances. His body was found just a few miles away from the Murdaugh family's expansive Hampton County hunting lodge, with some of the evidence suggesting he may have been murdered. Stephen's mum believes there may have been a possible conspiracy between local officials and the Murdaugh family to cover up the young boy's death. His mum told the Post: "That jury done excellent. They see through the lies and a Murdaugh is finally brought down. Now that this case is back over, they can get on Stephen’s case full-time.”  In addition to the murders of Maggie, 52, and Paul Murdaugh, 22, there have been three other mysterious deaths linked to the family. This includes Stephen Smith, their long-time housekeeper Gloria Satterfield and Mallory Beach, who died in a boat crash that was being steered by Paul when he was drunk and underage in 2019. A new Netflix true crime series, Murdaugh Murders: A Southern Scandal, delved into the notorious, powerful family's past and the scandals surrounding them. Alex Murdaugh has been sentenced to two executive life sentences. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews