Ofcom, the UK’s media regulator, is launching an investigation into mid-contact hikes by telecommunications companies with older people being among the most vulnerable groups. In light of this, experts are sharing the best broadband and mobile phone deals for over 50s who are currently on the market. Some broadband and social media companies are raising their prices above the rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation. Older people are already struggling to manage paying off the rise in energy bills, with some relying on particular discounts to get by. Kate Anderson, a personal finance expert at finder.com, highlighted the more ideal concessions are offered via social tariffs. There are deals which are exclusively for those on low income who may claim benefit payments from the Government. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance According to the consumer expert, deals from companies such as BT and Vodafone could come for as cheap as £12 a month. She explained: “For most over 50s, there aren’t specific deals when it comes to broadband and mobile phones. “The only exception here is if you are on Pension Credit as this allows you to take out a social tariff, otherwise known as 'essential' or 'basic' broadband. “BT Home Essentials Unlimited Fibre plan offers broadband speeds of 67Mb at £20 a month. Meanwhile, Vodafone has an Essentials broadband and line deal at just £12 a month with an average speed of 38Mp.” Despite this, she noted that the majority of older people may not qualify for benefits like Pension Credit which would affect their eligibility for social tariffs. With this in mind, consumers are being urged to “haggle” for the best deal possible from their supplier. Ms Anderson added: “If you aren’t receiving Pension Credit, then compare, haggle and switch. First consider what broadband speed you actually need. “If you are no longer working from home, or have fewer family members living with you, you may not need the speeds you have done in the past. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “Once you have done that, make sure to compare broadband deals. Don’t be afraid to take the best one to your existing provider and see if they will give you a cheaper deal. You could make significant savings on your monthly payments.” Consumers must also be aware of the type of contract they are on and keep up-to-date with communication from their supplier about mid-contract price hikes, according to Ms Anderson. The consumer expert said: “When it comes to mobile phone deals, check you’re not sleepwalking into a contract for data you won’t use. It may be cheaper to buy the phone outright and get a Sim-only deal. “Even if you don’t want a new handset, it’s worth checking with your provider if you can get a better deal based on your data usage. “For example, giffgaff will actively tell you if you’re not using your data allowance and suggest a cheaper deal. “Unlimited data with giffgaff is £35, but you may be fine with 5GB at £8 a month.” Under Ofcom rules, all broadband and mobile phone providers must inform their customers of any changes to prices or their contracts. Many companies give customers a 30 day notice period and the right to exit without having to pay a penalty.