Today, 1950s-born women from right across the UK are set to assemble at Parliament Square to draw attention to their cause. The women have been affected by the state pension age changes, which saw their retirement age rise from 60 to 66. While many do not take issue with the rise, some have argued they were not provided with ample notice their retirement age would change. As a result, they submit they have been impacted financially and emotionally as a result. Now hundreds are set to descend on Parliament Square to make their opinions on the matter known in a march. The march marks International Women’s Day, which is being celebrated and observed around the world. READ MORE: WASPI women celebrate major £100,000 milestone Several 1950s-born women shared their thoughts ahead of the scheduled march. One told Express.co.uk: “Thousands of women are risking their health and safety by travelling from all over the UK to show just how angry they are at the way they have been treated. “They are almost 70 years of age! They want justice, and they want this Government to stop burying their heads in bureaucratic sand admit that a moral injustice has devastated lives and offer redress for what has been done.” Another remarked: “Frequently we hear comments from some saying, ‘You wanted equality, now you’ve got it’. Don't miss... Furious Britons call for free prescription age to remain at 60 [NEWS] Britons warned the ‘price of happiness’ in retirement is £145,833 [LATEST] Britons hit out as rail fares hiked by 5.9 percent [UPDATE] “We completely agree men and women should retire at the same age. But there was no gradual increase! We were not even afforded the courtesy of a written warning!” WASPI women have also told Express.co.uk of the difficulties they have faced due to the rising state pension age. Some have said they have been unable to keep up with the expenses of their family homes, and have been forced to downsize as a result. Others argue their savings have been significantly depleted due to the unexpected expense. READ MORE: Britons could be eligible for free prescriptions Some women have cited ageism in the workforce, which makes their circumstance difficult, with one woman stating: “Nobody wants to employ a sixty something woman.” This is not the first time 1950s-born women have come together in an effort to draw attention to their cause. In September 2021, twenty landmarks across the UK were illuminated in purple at dusk to highlight the ongoing campaign. Another campaign group, Women Against State Pension Injustice 2018, told Express.co.uk at the time: “We’ll be letting MPs know in no uncertain terms that we’re not going away.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Women also previously protested outside the Tory Party Conference in October 2022, and also outside of the Houses of Parliament in 2019. Regional groups have also put together their own campaigns and protests on the matter over the years. A DWP spokesperson told Express.co.uk: “The Government decided over 25 years ago that it was going to make the state pension age the same for men and women as a long-overdue move towards gender equality. “Both the High Court and Court of Appeal have supported the actions of the DWP, under successive governments dating back to 1995, and the Supreme Court refused the claimants permission to appeal."