An animal-loving gran was mauled to death by a pit bull she took in to her holiday home as a stray. Anne Shields suffered “catastrophic” injuries to her head and arms after the dog, that she called Choccy, suddenly attacked her.    Emergency services rushed to the scene near the 67-year-old Brit’s property in Macastre, near Valencia, Spain, after neighbours raised the alarm when they heard her screaming. Their efforts were slowed by the dog who was still at the scene, local media reports. To free up the first responders, the dog was reportedly shot dead by police. The paramedics were able to stabilise the mum-of-one and took her to La Fe Hospital in Valencia, but she died the next day.   Her daughter Sarah, 43, from Preston, said: “She was an animal lover and couldn’t bear the thought of throwing Choccy back on the streets. “Her intention had never been to keep the dog but all the animal shelters were full.  “She was looking after him until she found someone who could take him. “She stuck with him and then this happened. It’s a nightmare.” READ MORE: Fury as council will not say if travellers got parking fines    Mum-of-two Sarah added: “She was so caring. This hasn’t really sunk in. We’ll miss her so much.” It has been illegal to own and breed pit bulls in the UK since the Dangerous Dogs Act of 1991, but they are not banned in Spain. The Spanish police force, the Guardia Civil, opened up an investigation after Mrs Shields was attacked on February 24 to find the animal's owner. However, the dog does not have an identifying microchip, making the investigation harder. The publication Las Provincias reported she had gone "into shock" after suffering a "catastrophic arm haemorrhage".   Don't miss... Scientist warns UK could be hit by 'mega tsunami at any time' [LATEST] Meghan Markle ridiculed by SNL as 'Hollywood is laughing at her' [LATEST] US Navy aircraft breaches Iranian airspace as it 'goes off course' [LATEST] In Spain, pit bulls are considered "potentially dangerous animals". The law there states that this category of animal should be always muzzled and kept on a leash less than two metres long. There a licence is needed to own one as they are thought to be potentially dangerous. The Sun reports that Mrs Shields was a former security guard and bought her home with her husband Martyn in 2002. Sadly he died just 18 months later, aged just 59.   