Italian fourth official Marco Serra is set to be handed a lengthy ban following his touchline spat with Roma boss Jose Mourinho earlier this week. The former Chelsea boss was enraged by the comments of the official, and it has now come to light what sparked the confrontation. Roma were firm favourites to win on Tuesday night and move into the top four of the Serie A following their impressive display against RB Salzburg in the Europa League. However, Mourinho’s side were humiliatingly beaten by bottom-of-the-table Cremonese. Goals from Frank Tsadjout and Daniel Ciofani secured all three points for the Serie A strugglers, with Leonardo Spinazzola on the scoresheet for Roma. Though Mourinho was not on the touchline to see the full-time whistle sound as he was shown a straight red card in the 47th minute. The ex-Manchester United boss was unhappy with an on-field decision and vented his frustration to the fourth official, Serra, who – it has now emerged – fuelled the fire. The Italian allegedly told Mourinho to ‘mind his own f****** business’, which aggravated the Roma boss further. As the manager attempted to confront the official, the pair were separated by coaching staff and securing, with referee Marco Piccinini soon arriving on the scene to attempt to diffuse the situation. The 39-year-old decided to show Mourinho a straight red card for his conduct, the third time that he has been dismissed this season, and told to head down the tunnel. Though Serra allegedly chimed in to get the final word, telling Mourinho that ‘they all take the p*** out of you, go home’. The official has since been removed from this weekend’s Serie A clashes this weekend for his behaviour in midweek and is expected to be suspended and face an extended period on the sidelines. Serra could also be demoted to the lower levels of the Italian football for the foreseeable future. With action being taken against the Italian, it remains to be seen whether Mourinho will see his red card rescinded or whether he will be forced to serve his two-match suspension and pay his fine. His entry into the referee’s changing room after the match was factored into the initial suspension which could count against him. Roma face Juventus later this week in what is a crucial match for both sides as they fight it out for European football, though Mourinho may not be there to see the action unfold in person.