Parking wars are often caused by people parking on someone’s driveway or taking another driver’s assigned space, as seen in recent weeks in Bedminster. A frustrated homeowner has been forced to deny that they were the culprit behind a series of notes placed on cars across the road. An anonymous resident has started putting signs and notes on parked cars, urging the owners to “park on your own street”. But now homeowners are looking to clear their own names and make sure other residents know they weren't the ones leaving the angry letters. The notes were placed on to the windscreens on a number of different vehicles on British Road in Bedminster. A house on the street has even left a sign in their window clearing themselves of any guilt, stating: “FYI: It’s not us leaving the notes on cars!” READ MORE: EV drivers can save £500 on home charger with car tax tip A number of residents have now come forward to say they are not responsible for the notes left on the windscreens. One resident, Andrew Cockerill, said when he owned a car, he would usually park two or three roads away because there were no free spaces near his home. He claimed that some households on the street had more than one car, and sometimes as many as three. Mr Cockerill added: "The people complaining don't represent me as I know how difficult it is! Don't miss... Car S.O.S returns to save a classic Ford Mondeo [NEW SERIES] 'Perfect' electric vehicle wins 2023 Car of the Year [REVEALED] Almost one million Britons risk fines for not paying car tax [WARNING] "Some houses have their front gardens converted for parking which removes several parking spots even when they're away," he told Bristol Live. Despite the anger, the residents highlighted how the notes proved how bad parking was in the area. The letters stated that they were written on behalf of the “residents of British Road”, although it is doubted whether it was collective action. The signs, which were taped to the outside of the windscreens of the vehicles, appeared overnight last weekend. READ MORE: British expats call for Spanish driving licences to be invalidated  "Some houses have their front gardens converted for parking which removes several parking spots even when they're away," he told Bristol Live. The sign read: “Dear vehicle owner/driver, The residents of British Road have noticed that you park on this street regularly, yet do not live on this street. “Please be mindful of the residents who wish to park near their own properties. We respectfully ask you to park your vehicle on the street that you live on, in future." One van which had been parked on the street had a sign on the dashboard claiming to be a “BT engineer on call”. Despite the sign being there for a while, the angry resident left a hand-written note in addition to the pre-printed notice which said in capital letters: “You do not work for BT!” Another note claimed that the van had been left unattended and added in underlined capitals: “Help yourself.” One resident of British Road, who wished to remain anonymous, said they were concerned about the trend of leaving notes on cars. They added parking is an “absolute nightmare” and people on the street spend a lot of time driving around looking for a space. They continued, saying: “I understand people get frustrated, but this is a bit sinister. “Whoever wrote this does not speak for everyone on this road at all. How do they know the people who own those vehicles don’t live nearby? "Do they keep watch all the time, and then follow them to see where they go when they park up? “As a woman driver, I’d be worried if that appeared on my car, wondering who was following me to check where I lived.” The anonymous homeowner highlighted the person who posted the note doesn’t realise they have no greater claim over the road outside than anyone else. There is no parking scheme or any restrictions on the street, meaning anyone can park where they like. Unfortunately, that also means cars from other streets can park in the road, even if this takes up someone else’s normal space.