While we were all focused on our favourite characters battling over the Iron Throne, several celebs and musicians made an appearance in the Seven Kingdoms, with some being more noticeable than others. Here’s our guide to celebrities you forgot appeared in Game Of Thrones and a few you definitely wouldn’t have missed. Comedian and It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia creator and star Rob McElhenney, 45, had a blink-and-you-miss-it gory cameo in season eight, episode one, Winterfell. McElhenney, known for his Always Sunny character Ronald "Mac" McDonald, is a huge fan of Thrones and was lucky enough to bag a brief appearance. He played an unnamed and unlucky guard who took an arrow to the eye during a scene where Theon Greyjoy rescues his sister, Yara. McElhenney also posted a close-up of his bloody Westeros moment on his Instagram with the caption "Don't blink." The late Wilko Johnson best known as the guitarist for the Essex pub rock band, Dr Feelgood has a stint in the seven kingdoms. Johnson played the mute and menacing executioner Ser Ilyn Payne, for the first two series of Game Of Thrones. Ser Ilyn serves spiteful King Joffrey after the death of his father Robert Baratheon and famously executes Ned Stark for treason, under Joffrey’s orders. Payne has a much more prominent role in the original source material novels but sadly HBO was forced to phase out the character following Johnson’s declining health. The musician announced he had been diagnosed with late-stage pancreatic cancer in 2013, and series two, episode nine, Blackwater, tragically marked his last appearance in the series. American singer-songwriter Chris Stapleton, 44, had a brief cameo in series eight’s Battle of Winterfell episode The Long Night, as a Wildling-turned-White Walker, that fights alongside the Night King. A super fan of the show, Stapleton revealed in an interview with Rolling Stone, that he was invited to appear in the final season’s epic battle episode. “I was like, you know, I would gladly fly to wherever in the world just to be a small part and get to watch that show going down,” says Stapleton in the interview. “They were gracious enough to let me come participate that way.” Coldplay’s drummer, 44, was part of the band playing at the shocking Red Wedding in series three’s The Rains of Castamere episode, where members of the Stark family met a sticky end. It’s not the first time Coldplay has been linked to the fantasy series, the band also made a Game Of Thrones musical for Red Nose Day in 2015. Snow Patrol’s lead singer made a musical cameo in series three, episode three, Walk of Punishment. Lightbody, 46, who hails from Bangor in Northern Ireland, plays an unnamed House Bolton soldier, who is part of a group that sings "The Bear and the Maiden Fair" as they travel down the road. Actor Ian McShane, 80, appeared in the sixth series of Game Of Thrones with a key cameo in series 6 episode 7, The Broken Man. McShane played religious Brother Ray, a Septon and leader of a community of peace-loving people who are building a sept in the Riverlands. In the episode, he helps Sandor "the Hound" Clegane find redemption after he survives a duel with Brienne of Tarth in the previous series. Actress Souad Faress, 74, known for roles in Coronation Street and Casualty and for her radio role in The Archers, made an appearance in two Thrones episodes in season six. Faress played Dosh Khaleen High Priestess of the Dothraki, a ruling group within the Dothraki social hierarchy. In one of her scenes, she admonishes Daenerys Targaryen for not returning to the temple immediately after Khal Drogo's death, as is expected of a widowed Khaleesi. There is no possible way that Game Of Thrones fans didn’t spot wildly popular singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran, 32, in series seven, episode one, Dragonstone. Sheeran – a huge fan of the show, played singing soldier Eddie, a member of the Lannister army that Arya encounters when travelling through the Riverland. His appearance on the show prompted a mixed response among fans, with some appreciating the singer’s cheeky cameo and others feeling that it distracted from the plot as he’s so recognisable. Sheeran said of the negative reaction to his scene: "I feel like people's reaction to it sort of muddied my joy to it."