Loose Women star Ruth Langsford confirmed the ITV talk show would be taken off air while the horse racing at Cheltenham is on during the latest instalment of the programme. The panel show will will return on Monday, the former This Morning host confirmed to fans.  Ruth told ITV viewers at the end of Monday's show: "We are off for the rest of the week because of the racing at Cheltenham." She added: "We will be back next Monday. I know it's a shame, but we will see you then." The Cheltenham horse racing festival will be airing instead of Loose Women for the rest of the week. Loose Women normally airs between 12.30pm and 1.30pm on weekdays, but the ITV lunchtime news will instead be shown until 12.50pm. READ MORE: Fiona Bruce to 'step down' from charity after Question Time remarks The horse racing will be aired from 1pm on ITV with all of the action from the racecourse covered by sports reporters. Loose Women was taken off air last year while the racing was taking place. Ruth hosted Monday's instalment of Loose Women with Katie Piper, Janet Street-Porter and Brenda Edwards. The races start today (Tuesday, March 14) and ITV will show five races a day until Saturday. Janet rolled her eyes at her co-stars on Monday's Loose Women over Hugh Grant's behaviour during his interview with model Ashley Graham at the Oscars. The Four Weddings and a Funeral seemed extremely uninterested in her questions at the 95th Academy Awards. Loose Women played a clip of their awkward exchange which saw Ashley ask the British actor what he was most excited to see at the ceremony. However, the 62-year-old star hit back that he wasn't particularly looking forward to any award. Don't miss... Janet Street-Porter brands Gary Lineker 'cocky'  [UPDATE ] Janet Street-Porter shares health concerns over 'memory loss'  [LATEST] Loose Women's Denise Welch snubbed Celebrity MasterChef '84 times' [INSIGHT ] Ashley continued: "What are you wearing?" But Hugh bluntly replied: "My suit." When she asked him about starring in Glass Onions, he replied: “Well I'm barely in it, I was in it for about three seconds." Reflecting on the interview, Janet exclaimed: “That’s what he’s like. He’s got a dry sense of humour. "He’s a bit of a curmudgeon – I don't think that’s news to anyone.” Janet asked her fellow panellists: "And we still love him, don’t we?” But Katie said: “No, I’m really cross at him, because I love Ashley Graham. I think she's a trailblazer in body positivity. "She was obviously squirming there and he was being mean. He could just have bought the energy, played the game." Loose Women returns to ITV on Monday at 12.30pm.