A package containing "suspicious meat" was confirmed to be human after it was found in the suitcase of a suspected murderer. Begolea Mendes Fernandes, 26, was stopped and arrested in Lisbon on suspicion of murdering 21-year-old Alan Lopes in Amsterdam on Sunday. The man was carrying a suitcase containing suspicious meat and blooded clothes. A lab later identified the meat as human, but it did not match with Lopes's DNA. Fernandez is said to have left Amsterdam with a flight to Lisbon where he was going to board a plane to Brasi, his home country. Dutch police confirmed Lopes was the victim of a "violent crime". READ MORE: Putin plotting ‘mass suicidal attacks’ on Ukrainans over 3 months  He was found dead in the house he shared with his mother and two sisters. Portuguese daily Jornal de Noticias reported he may have been the victim of cannibalism. A spokesman for Dutch police said: "On Monday afternoon a 25-year-old man was arrested at the airport in Lisbon in collaboration with the Portuguese authorities and the Royal Netherlands Marechaussee. "The man is suspected of having been involved in the death of a 21-year-old man who was found in a home on Vegasstraat in North Amsterdam on the evening of Sunday, February 26." DON'T MISS:Heroic Ukrainian goes toe-to-toe with Russian tank in desperate fight [INSIGHT]Russia lose 130 tanks in 3 weeks as Ukraine wins biggest ever battle [ANALYSIS]Officials 'seize confidential papers' from Sue Gray's home [VIDEO] A spokesman for the Portuguese Borders and Immigration Service said: "A 26-year-old man suspected of murder in the Netherlands was arrested at Lisbon Airport on Monday. "He was wearing clothes with blood on them and had a package containing pieces of meat. "He was held at the airport's border control after the authorities became suspicious about the legality of the Italian ID card he presented. "He was initially detained over suspicions he was travelling on falsified documents before it was subsequently discovered he was suspected of committing a homicide in the Netherlands the day before." Fernandes is now under police arrest at Santa Maria Hospital in the Portuguese capital and is expected to face extradition to the Netherlands.