Gloucestershire Live reports the tourists were visiting family in the nearby area at the time when they filmed the animal in a rural area just off the A40. Frank Tunbridge, a self-proclaimed big cat tracker, was sent the clip and he says it provides more evidence of the possibility of panthers in Britain’s countryside. Mr Tunbridge, 74, told the Mirror: “To most people throughout the UK, the concept of large predatory wild cats, similar in description to black leopards and pumas living a feral existence in our woods and other wild places is unbelievable.” He added he believes there are around 16-24 sightings of big cats every week in the UK’s countryside. However, he said many could go unreported for fear of those reporting the sightings not being believed. READ MORE: Sainsbury's shoppers stage an odd sit-in protest on egg aisle    Mr Tunbridge added the “mere thought of coming across a big cat” was enough to “fill most people with dread”. He said: “The incredible facts are though, that this happens on a weekly basis throughout the UK. I defy anyone to take a photo on their camera when faced with this situation.” He added: “Most are literally frozen to the spot with fear, and will not take your eyes off of the creature, and then after five to 10 seconds later it will be gone in a couple of bounds, generally disappearing into some nearby cover, but leaving you with an image that stays with you forever.” This isn’t the first time a member of the public has claimed to have spotted big cats in the area. In January last year, another man said he saw a lynx. Mr Tunbridge said: “The whole tantalising subject of ‘The British Big Cat’ has been rolling on for decades now, without a satisfying conclusion. The evidence is now overwhelming with thousands of eyewitness reports.” He believes the reason for the alleged rise in big cat sightings was due to Britons who once owned exotic animals being forced to release them into the wild when the government brought in tougher laws on their ownership around fifty years ago.