Kate, Princess of Wales opted for a jacket and skirt from Erdem on Monday, which looked incredibly elegant. She also carried an Emmy London clutch bag and the late Princess Diana's earrings. But Kate also made a subtle nod to Queen Elizabeth II with her outfit that royal fans nearly missed. The Princess wore a very large navy hat to go with her navy peplum suit which looked gorgeous. Royal fan @Emma4AboutRoyal tweeted: "The hat reminds me a bit of the hat worn at the state funeral of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II (but without the veil and in a different colour)." Both hats featured a side bow with a large ribbon, with the only difference being Kate's hat at the funeral had a veil. At the time, it was confirmed that Kate had worn a Philip Treacy design at the funeral, just like she had during Trooping the Colour at the Platinum Jubilee. This sweet nod to Queen Elizabeth II at the 2023 Commonwealth Day Service was a sweet gesture from Kate, who kept Her Late Majesty's legacy going. For the rest of the outfit, the Princess of Wales mainly wore brand new purchases for the day. This included her Erdem jacket and skirt in a peplum navy style. The Erdem blazer and skirt will be available for royal fans to buy in the pre-autumn 2023 collection.   Don't miss... Zara Tindall's sport of choice 'physically strengths the body' [LATEST] Meghan's 'bond with Diana' was first seen in her engagement ring [STYLE] Another royal wore a 'near replica' of Princess Margaret's wedding [ROYAL] Kate's skirt is titled a "women's flared Ottoman Jacquard midi skirt in navy" and sells for a whopping £1,369. The Princess's jacket is similarly titled as a "women's Ottoman Jacquard peplum jacket in navy" and costs £2,014. Overall, this makes Kate's Erdem jacket and skirt combination cost a spectacular £3,383. The Princess of Wales also donned Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond earrings at the 2023 Commonwealth Day Service. READ MORE: Fergie sheds light on Princess Beatrice's parenting style with Sienna  Kate last wore these jewels when she arrived in Boston on a royal tour in 2022. During a 1988 royal visit to Melbourne with then-Prince Charles, Princess Diana was renowned for donning these exquisite jewels. For the service on Monday, Kate appeared to somewhat modernise the earrings and looked stunning.  The Prince of Wales "Feathers brooch", which was owned by Queen Alexandra, was also worn by the Princess of Wales on Monday. Kate had appeared to take out the cabochon emerald that traditionally sits beneath the brooch. Whoever holds the title of Princess of Wales often wears this brooch.  When she was the Duchess of Cornwall, Queen Camilla frequently wore the brooch, as did the late Princess Diana. Kate carried her "Midnight Blue suede" £395 Emmy London Natasha clutch bag. She was initially spotted with the accessory at COP26 in Glasgow in 2021, which was nearly two years ago.