Series 12 of Vera came to an end last month and saw leading lady DCI Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) back solving a string of mysterious murders. However, the detective wasn't alone, as her colleagues Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty), Mark Edwards (Riley Jones), Jac Williams (Ibinabo Jack) and Kenny Lockhart (Jon Morrison) were by her side. Speaking in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk, the actor who plays Mark discussed what it was like filming for series 12. He went on to pay a tribute to one of his close friends who appeared as a guest star in one of the episodes. "Catherine Dryden played Joanne in episode four of this run," he said. "She was very excited for that to come on TV." Riley first met Catherine when they starred alongside each other in a play. READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges "Me and Catherine were young actors at the time," he continued. "It was actually 20 years ago this year so we were in our early 20s." When Catherine moved to London to study, Riley explained she moved in with him and his partner for a year. "We're very close friends so it was nice to be able to share that [Vera] with her," the Mark Edwards star added. "I have kept my call sheet on the day that she was in as well, which was nice to see our names on the call sheet together. "We started off at a similar point in our careers together so it's always nice to sort of share those moments. "And she was super excited because she's been wanting to be in it for a long time now, so I was very happy for her to be able to share that experience." When Riley made his debut on Vera, he started out as a uniformed police officer. However, after a brief encounter with DCI Stanhope, he was soon promoted to her team. DON'T MISS...Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [REACTION]Death in Paradise's Commissioner makes appearance in spin-off [INSIGHT]Emmerdale double exit after Cain Dingle warning [SPOILERS] "I tend not to really because all of that is out of your hands as an actor really," the actor shared as he discussed where he sees his character in five years. "You just do what you can and then when the scripts come in, and you read them, you can't really have much influence over that. "I mean, obviously all of the writers are brilliant, but what I think Sally does really well is that she does think about the ensemble and some of those nicer moments." "I am happy to be working and doing the job," he added. Series 13 hasn't been confirmed just yet, but the cast and viewers are hopeful the drama will return next year. "Yeah, I don't know," he admitted when quizzed on whether series 13 is on the cards. "I obviously hope there is and I'll be waiting to see if we get that call. "And when we do it's all go, but I am in the know as much as you." Vera is available to watch on ITVX and BritBox.