Last month, the 12th instalment of the long-running BBC period drama came to an end as viewers finally got to see Trixie (played by Helen George) and Matthew (Olly Rix) tie the knot. However, with the recent departure of nurse Lucille (Leonie Elliot), Helen confessed she has a fear of also being written out of the show. Despite a series of mishaps and blunders in the lead-up to the big day, Trixie and Matthew finally got their happy ending in the series finale.With the whole community coming together to celebrate, viewers also discovered Matthew had purchased and saved Nonnatus House.Trixie has been at the heart of the show since it began back in 2012 and featured in some of the show's biggest storylines.Although that doesn’t mean actress Helen thinks her character’s position in Call The Midwife is guaranteed as she confessed to worrying about her future in the BBC series. READ MORE:Tammy Slaton shares pregnancy hopes after smashing weight loss goals Speaking to Radio Times, the 38-year-old admitted: “You never have complete control. “Absolutely, it's a genuine fear. never have complete control. You never know. “They might just come to a point where they think, 'Do you know what, we've got nothing more to say about your character. There's nothing left to do with you. So you're off.' It happens." Helen’s comments come after fans saw Nurse Lucille make an exit in series 12 as racial tensions ran high in Poplar. The long-running character decided to head back to Jamaica to see her family, although her husband Cyril Robinson (Zephryn Taitte) learnt she had found a job whilst on her visit. After going to see her, Cyril returned as he told his friends Lucille was doing well and suggested her trip would be longer than first expected. Once the finale aired, actress Leonie confirmed she had left Call The Midwife as Lucille after six series. Taking to social media, the actress thanked fans for embracing her character as she tweeted she was onto embark on pastures new. Don't miss... Naga Munchetty's absence from BBC Breakfast questioned by fans [LATEST] Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail [LATEST] Ben Shephard forced to intervene as Gary Lineker row erupts on GMB [LATEST] Leonie commented: “Having spent six years on a truly wonderful show, with a fantastic team, I have fallen deeper and deeper in love with Lucille. “I feel honoured to have represented the pioneering Windrush generation and their incredible impact on British society. "I would like to say a massive thank you to the brilliant cast and our über talented creative team: Heidi Thomas, Pippa Harris and Annie Triclebank. “Thank you again for all your support, it is hugely appreciated. Super excited for what's coming next!" Filming for series 13 of the BBC period-drama is set to start in Spring this year with a release date of early 2024 expected. Recently, it was confirmed the show had been renewed for a further two series, meaning Call The Midwife will air until 2026. Heidi Thomas, the series creator and writer confessed she was “overjoyed” at the commission renewal. Call The Midwife is available to watch on BBC iPlayer.