US Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell has been rushed to hospital after falling at a private dinner in Washington, DC. The top Republican was attending a private dinner at the Waldorf Astoria hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue on Wednesday night when he tripped. Spokesman David Popp confirmed McConnell was taken to the hospital to be treated but did not confirm his condition. In a statement after the fall, the 81-year-old's team said: "This evening, Leader McConnell tripped at a local hotel during a private dinner. "He has been admitted to the hospital where he is receiving treatment." Mr McConnell previously suffered a broken shoulder after tripping on the patio of his Louisville home in August 2019. The Senator required weeks of recovery physical therapy to recover from his injury. He also had a triple-heart bypass in 2003 and survived polio as a child. READ MORE: Donald Trump praises Tucker Carlson as texts show Fox host ‘passionately hates’ him He is currently serving his seventh term in the Senate, having first been elected to represent his state of Kentucky in 1984. Until early 2021, McConnell was the Senate majority leader but had to give up his place to Democrat Chuck Schumer after the 2020 election. The Kentucky politician is the longest-serving Senate Republican leader in the history of the party. He was reelected as GOP Senate leader only last year after fending off attempts from Florida Sen Rick Scott to take over. READ MORE: Ron DeSantis 'laying groundwork for 2024 bid' after Donald Trump's 'controversial' speech Several members have been forced off the Senate floor due to illness in recent weeks. Dem Senator Dianne Feinstein, 90, was hospitalised last week to be treated for shingles. Pennsylvania Senator John Fetterman confirmed last month he would take time off to be treated for clinical depression. Republicans have been luckier with intermittent absences, but it is unclear whether McConnell will be in the Senate for voting on Thursday.  DON'T MISS Joe Biden branded 'out of touch' after 5.2% federal pay increase [ANALYSIS] Donald Trump dealt big blow as Mike Pence refuses to back his old boss [INSIGHT] Biden’s support for Ukraine under threat, new polling shows  [LATEST] Should he be required to take it easy for the next few days, South Dakota's John Thune will lead the party as the Republicans' number two in the Senate. The Senate has been very narrowly divided since the mid-term elections in 2022. And the absence, even if temporary, of three members is going to be felt on the voting floor. McConnell has a lot of jurisdiction over the party and is often sought out by lawmakers for advice. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews