The couple, of course, now live in California, having hot-footed it back to the States in 2020 after quitting their roles as working royals. So, what's the big deal? Certainly, in pragmatic terms, Charles has made a sensible decision. Why should a resentful and entitled couple - who've done so much to trash the reputation of the Royal family - have access to this 10-bedroom cottage (ironically built under orders of Queen Charlotte, wife of King George III, back in 1801, as a bolthole for her and her daughters to escape the pressures of the palace!) They don't even like it here.What's more, it reflects King Charles' enduring desire to slim down the monarchy. Which also explains why Prince Andrew, who lives in the nearby 31-bedroom Royal Lodge, in Windsor Great Park has now been asked to relocate to Frogmore – though the King's beleaguered brother is said to be resisting the call to downsize. (What he needs with all those bedrooms is anyone's guess – even Andrew's teddy bear collection can't be that large).Yet the King's edict is not without risk. Harry and Meghan, already deeply entrenched in their silo of martyrdom, now have more material to fuel their blinkered resentment. Indeed a friend of the Duchess of Sussex has declared that the Sussexes are “stunned” by the development, saying: “It all feels very final and like a cruel punishment. It’s like [the family] want to cut them out of the picture for good.Of course, it's the way you tell 'em. Or perhaps who tells 'em for you. Because it's unfathomable to think that Charles, for all his faults, could ever have desired this situation to come to pass.  But it seems the revelations in Harry's memoir, Spare, left him snookered. To demonstrate his strength as a monarch he had no choice but to act.Yet, in effectively telling his son that he has no home in the country of his birth, the King has made a fatal mistake. Not as a monarch. But as a father.In issuing the eviction notice, it should have been made clear - and publically so - that Harry and his family will always have a home with his father. Heck, there are enough fancy palaces to choose from. On sporadic trips back to the old country, all Harry and Meghan would need to do is pin the tail on the donkey. Sure, it wouldn't be their dedicated home but such a move by Charles would telegraph to the couple that they are still family. That the grandfather of their children still wants them to feel they have a place to stay here in the UK.When my two older sons, both married and living 200 miles away in London, make plans to come and see me, the question I ask of them is: "When are you coming home?"  Not out of denial of where their lives have taken them. But as a reminder to the boys and their lovely wives that our house is home to them whenever they want (even though, unlike Frogmore, we don't have 10 bedrooms). It's not about exerting parental rights – it's extending parental love.If Charles wants to redeem the situation and prevent this latest development from becoming cannon fodder for another explosive tell-all, he needs to act. Remind Harry and Meghan that they are welcome in his house (houses) anytime they want to come. That they should treat such places as their home when they come to the UK.It's one thing to lock the couple out of Frogmore, it's another to give them reason to believe that they have been locked out of King Charles' life. 