Time appears to have passed for Liverpool to have made two swap deals that could have transformed Jurgen Klopp’s outfit this season and helped fix their midfield woes. The Reds have struggled so far this campaign and face a big summer rebuild in order to get back to the Liverpool team of the previous few seasons under their German boss. Several Anfield stars are set to leave on free transfers at the end of the season, as Roberto Firmino’s agent has already confirmed that the Brazilian forward will not sign an extension and leave on a free. The likes of Naby Keita, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, James Milner and Adrian are also out of contract in the summer, while the Reds are unlikely to take up the option to buy in Arthur Melo’s loan. Keita has attracted plenty of interest in the past year despite his Liverpool career not panning out as planned after a £52.75million transfer in 2018. Now as an upcoming free agent, interest remains in the Guinean but as a fringe player in his final year, Liverpool could have made use of him in potential transfer dealings. Spanish outlet Mundo Deportivo's Sunday edition have claimed that Keita has attracted notable interest at Barcelona, who is one of several on the Catalan club’s agenda this summer. While Gazzetta dello Sport have stated that Borussia Dortmund are one of the clubs chasing Keita’s signature, as a potential replacement for Jude Bellingham. JUST IN: Man Utd's David de Gea contract clause offers look-in on Ten Hag plans With Liverpool’s finances likely to take a hit next season unless they do turn their season around and either finish in the top four or remarkably win the Champions League, they will be out of the top European competition and the pursestrings will likely be tightened once more. With Keita out of the starting lineup once again, as Jordan Henderson, Fabinho and Harvey Elliott started the 7-0 demolition of Manchester United on Sunday, he could have been used as a makeweight for potential transfer dealings. Both Dortmund and Barcelona have a reported interest in Keita, while Liverpool have been mentioned with two of their stars in Bellingham and Gavi who are long-term targets. The Reds’ top summer priority is Bellingham but face competition from the likes of United, Manchester City and Real Madrid. DON'T MISS...Chelsea board 'split' on sacking Graham Potter' with stance changingManchester United players 'excited' as takeover preference emergesRashford outdoing Man Utd duo Cantona and Cole as Liverpool game nears However, if Liverpool had offered the Bundesliga side Keita last summer or in January they could have driven down the price for the English teenager or been given priority in the queue for the starlet. Gavi, meanwhile, has been a long-term target of Liverpool and although it is unlikely that he will leave the Nou Camp anytime soon, Barcelona’s financial woes mean that stars could have potentially been poached - and the Reds would have certainly got a discount if they sent Keita in the opposite direction. However, that possibility is now off the table with Keita leaving on a free at the end of the season, meaning Liverpool will have to dig into their pockets if they want to sign either Bellingham or Gavi in the summer.