Sherridan said: "Eve, My beautiful little sister I've cried laughed and fought with you every week, but I've never been without you. We always said, 'I got you always', but now I'm sat here feeling so empty because you're not here with me anymore, and I can't accept this. "There is no sister like you, you always made me feel so important, sending me messages to remind me how much you love me and I'd tell you just how much I loved you more! "You saved me from so much Eve all the times I've been low it was you that I'd turn to, and now I'm feeling heavy because I couldn't save you. "I loved seeing you grow into this beautiful young woman and you used to get so worried that we wouldn't be close as you grew up, but I'd remind you that sisters don't ever break a bond and ours well there isn't, no bond like ours my girl you'll always be my baby sister. "I know you're safe up there with our beautiful sister Xana but I was never ready to let you go, my body is aching without you, please watch over me. I love you forever and always." It is believed the group had made the trip in a Volkswagen Tiguan from Porthcawl to Cardiff alongside Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, who have been unofficially named as the two injured. Eve Smith's death comes eight years after her sister, Xana Doyle, was killed in a car crash by a drug driver. READ MORE: Mum drove past spot where her daughter lay trapped alive for 48 hours  Tributes have been paid to Eve on social media. One relative wrote: "I will not comment on anyone other than Eve Smith to confirm she has been confirmed as deceased. "Thank you for your support and shares and I won't be answering messages please allow us some time as a family to digest this terrible news." A friend of Eve and her friend Darcy, added: "I don't really have the word right now. Darcy Ross, I'm going to miss you. You were one of a kind, I'm going to miss trying to 'life coach' you as you would've said. You were a real ray of sunshine, especially on my bad days. "Eve Smith you were truly a beautiful young girl, whose heart was made of gold dust like your sister', give her a big hug for me and hold each other tight until the day we all have our turn and reunite." Rea Williams said: "Darcy Ross I’m going to miss you little gypsy girl. You were one of a kind, I’m going to miss trying to ‘life coach’ you as you would’ve said. You were a real ray of sunshine especially on my bad days." Another posted "Rest in Paradise Rafel". Rafel's dad Leon, 42, played as a winger for QPR and Cardiff City before moving around a host of other clubs and retiring in 2015. Officers believe the car was involved in a road traffic collision and came off the A48(M), but it is not yet clear when the accident happened. Family of those missing had shared CCTV grabs of the Volkswagen Tiguan they were travelling in on the night of the disappearance. South Wales Police said at 12.15am on Monday officers were called to reports of a car being located off the A48(M). Police believe the car was involved in a crash and came off the A48 and have now launched an investigation into the incident.  The road has been closed in both directions by police with photographs of the scene showing large green fencing and a tarpaulin erected around the crash site. Meanwhile, a man has been arrested at the scene of the crash. Thomas Taylor, 47, was arrested for prevention of breach of the peace. It is understood he was arrested after being asked to leave the area. Mr Taylor said: "When I heard the reports, I just couldn't believe it could be possible that a car could come off and no one knew they were there. "It worries me, and I feel for the families because from what I can see from the reports they did have a feeling something was wrong and they were flagging it up." Meanwhile, a friend of Mr Loughlin said: "I'm so proud of us all pulling together out there searching for our dear friends last night. It's heartbreaking what's happened to Rafel Jeanne and those two girls. "My body is still shaking and I can't stop being sick the thought of them all there all of that time. Many times I have driven past, it just makes me so sad...how helpless our Shane must of [sic] felt trapped inside. Wish Sophie a speedy recovery and I send all my love and strength to all the families involved." A spokeswoman for Gwent Police said in a statement: "Three of those who were reported missing have been found deceased, two have been taken to hospital with serious injuries. Specialist officers are supporting the families of those involved and enquiries are ongoing. "The case has been referred to the IOPC in line with normal procedures." An IOPC spokesman said: "We can confirm that Gwent Police have advised us that they are making a referral in connection with this tragic incident and we will carry out an assessment in due course to determine what further action may be required from us." In a statement, South Wales Police said: "Referrals have been made by Gwent Police and South Wales Police to the Independent Office for Police Conduct. The last confirmed sighting of the five was during the early hours of Saturday morning." Assistant Chief Constable Jason Davies, of South Wales Police, added: "Our thoughts are with the families of all those affected by this tragic incident. Specialist officers are carrying out an investigation to piece together what has happened. "Family liaison officers are supporting the families involved at what must be a hugely difficult time for them. To ensure independent oversight, South Wales Police has referred the matter to the Independent Office for Police Conduct, as is usual in these circumstances." 