Novak Djokovic advanced to the quarter-final in Dubai with a straightforward 6-2 6-3 victory over Tallon Griekspoor. After a tough three-set clash in his opening round, the top seed needed just an hour and 21 minutes to see off the world No 39. Yet to lose a match this season, Djokovic will now face either Hubert Hurkacz or qualifier Pavel Kotov. Djokovic was coming into the match off the back of a tight three-setter against qualifier Tomas Machac on Tuesday which went to a final set tiebreak but he got off to a much faster start against Griekspoor in what was their second career meeting, breaking at the first opportunity to lead 2-0. It was a stop-start match early on as the umpire waited to see if they would be rained off but play continued as normal with the world No 39 barely getting a look at the top seed’s serve. Griekspoor then went 0-40 down while serving at 2-5 to give the world No 1 a triple set point but clawed his way back to deuce. The 26-year-old then saved another set point before finally getting broken to lose the opener 6-2 in 34 minutes with Djokovic losing just four points on his serve throughout despite making fewer first serves. The five-time former champion in Dubai carried his momentum into the second set, opening with a love-hold before breaking the Dutchman for a third time to take a commanding set-and-break lead. Djokovic continued to prove relentless, as Griekspoor found himself facing five more break points after leading 40-15. JUST IN: Andrey Rublev reacts to outdoing Murray antics in Dubai title defence After being dragged into a 15-minute, 14-deuce game, the world No 39 gave away a sixth break point and finally succumbed to the world No 1, finding himself staring down the barrel of defeat with a 0-4 deficit in the second set. Following an epic game, Djokovic needed just moments to hold to love to put himself within a game of the quarter-final at 5-0. The top seed looked to break again as he held two match points on the Griekspoor serve but this year's Pune champion fought him off this time to get himself on the board before Djokovic served for the match. And the Dutch pro had suddenly appeared to find a new gear as he carved out his first break point of the match and broke with a double-fault from the Serb to keep himself alive. Griekspoor was able to hold serve once again before Djokovic had the chance to serve for the match for a second time and was finally able to close out a 6-2 6-3 victory. He will now face either fifth seed Hurkacz or a second qualifier of the week in Kotov after advancing to the last eight. DON'T MISSEvans slams ATP threats to Wimbledon warm-up events over Russia bansThe life of Taylor Fritz including eSports wizardry and Tiktok partnerTaylor Fritz fires warning to Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal Despite a late wobble, the match will come as something of a relief to the 35-year-old, who found himself embroiled in a tight match in his opening round on Tuesday thanks to qualifier Machac. The world No 130 took the second set and was able to rally from a break down in the third to force a tiebreak, which the Serb raced through by dropping just one point. And Djokovic admitted that the Czech star’s level had come as a “surprise” afterwards, telling reporters: “Credit to him, he did surprise me. Never faced him. I did my analysis of his game and prepared myself well. Credit to him, he went for his shots, especially down the line backhand, serve and volley. He didn't miss one volley. It was unbelievable. He played on such a high quality. He wasn't missing at all.”