Spain’s Canary Islands are one of the country’s most popular destinations and a leading holiday hotspot. Tripadvisor’s Travellers’ Choice beach rankings have named one of the beaches as one of the best in Europe. READ MORE: 'Little gem' crowned Britain's best beach for staycations Sotavento Beach in Fuerteventura was crowned the best beach in the Canary Islands and the ninth best in Europe. Located in the south of the island, the beach’s fine golden sand contrasts with the rocky ravines close by. The beach’s crystal clear water is ideal for swimming and is also a popular windsurfing destination. Sotavento is actually made up of five beaches; La Barca, Risco del Paso, Mirador, Los Canarios and Malnombre. About 9km long, the impressive beach has lagoons at low tide and is perfect for a coastal walk. A visitor wrote on Tripadvisor: “Amazing place on the island. So beautiful, when you see it from the highway it takes your breath away.” Another person said: “Fantastic quiet sandy beach. Kitesurfing cafe if you need drinks and a baguette. Great place to learn to kite surf.” One traveller said: “Such a lovely beach to walk and relax at high tide. The sea is warm and at most times gentle.” READ MORE: Cruise guest complains about ‘out of control’ child Although Fuerteventura is best known for its beaches, the island is also famous for its local cheese. ‘Majorero cheese’ is one of three cheeses to originate in the Canary Islands, and tourists can meet the master cheesemakers on the island. As a volcanic island, Fuerteventura also has many dramatic landscapes to explore, which some tourists choose to visit by jeep. The island is also renowned for stargazing and Fuerteventura is one of the three Starlight Reserves in the archipelago. Britons can fly to Fuerteventura direct from many of the UK’s major airports with budget flights available. Due to its proximity to the Equator, the island enjoys warm temperatures almost year-round and is a leading destination in winter. The hottest month of the year is usually August where the average temperature is around 31 degrees. Package holidays are also available and many hotels are close to the island’s impressive coastline.