Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has put his father Stanley Johnson forward for a knighthood as part of his resignation honours list. The move has been criticised for discrediting the honours system, but what do you think? Vote in our poll.   The former Conservative Party Leader, who resigned last September, has put forward as many as 100 names for awards, which are awaiting approval by the Cabinet Office honours committee, according to The Times. A spokesman for the Uxbridge and South Ruislip MP said: “We don't comment on honours.” Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer has slammed Stanley Johnson’s nomination as “absolutely outrageous”. He said during an LBC Radio phone-in: “The idea that Boris Johnson is nominating his dad for a knighthood – you only need to say it to realise just how ridiculous it is.” He continued: “It's classic of a man like Johnson. I mean, I think the public will just think this is absolutely outrageous. The idea of an ex-Prime Minister bestowing honours on his dad – for services to what?” READ MORE: Date set for Boris's Partygate showdown as 24-page document released IF YOU CAN'T SEE THE POLL ABOVE, CLICK HERE Only Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has the power to deny nominations. Liberal Democrats Chief Whip Wendy Chamberlain has called for Mr Sunak to veto the list to stop the Conservative Party from “rewarding Boris Johnson's failure, lies and corruption”. She said: “If future honours lists are to have any shred of credibility, Sunak must step in and veto this list. Honours should be reserved for those who've gone above and beyond to contribute to our country. Boris Johnson's attempt to bestow that recognition on his father makes a mockery of the whole thing.” Mr Sunak's spokesman said there are no plans to change the honours system. They explained: “There are longstanding rules that guard the honours process. There are no plans to change those that I'm aware of. It is a matter of fact that outgoing Prime Ministers are able to nominate people in this way.” So what do YOU think? Should Stanley Johnson receive a knighthood? Vote in our poll and leave your thoughts in the comment section below.