Prince Harry and Meghan Markle were "panicking" that King Charles would move to prevent their children - Archie and Lilibet - from receiving their royal titles. Speaking to Palace Confidential, the Daily Mail's Royal Editor Rebecca English revealed that the Sussexes had appeared to "force the Palace's hand" over the matter. She explained that Harry and Meghan were upset that their children's titles had not been updated on the Royal Family's official website following the death of the late Queen Elizabeth II. Ms English said that the Palace had "constantly batted off" questions about the Sussexes' children's titles. She said: "We were all quite suspicious that there was something more going on behind the scenes. "Why wouldn't they just update it when they updated everyone else? "From what I understand, that really smarted with Harry and Meghan." JUST IN: Harry and Meghan warned US is 'absolutely sick of them'  Ms English continued: "They were a bit panicky behind the scenes that the King could bring in letters patent to change the existing rules to make it not automatic they became a prince and princess. "For Harry, this was all tied up with issues of security. "So there has been a bit of toing and froing behind the scenes about it and I personally think the Sussexes have forced the Palace’s hand on this." Earlier this week, the Sussexes announced their daughter Lilibet had been christened and they used the title princess for the first time.  A spokesperson for Prince Harry and Meghan said: "The children's titles have been a birthright since their grandfather became monarch. "This matter has been settled for some time in alignment with Buckingham Palace." This prompted a swift change on the Royal Family's official website to make the titles official. On the line of succession page, Archie, three, and Lilibet, one, are named as the Prince and Princess of Sussex. DON'T MISS: POLL: Do you support Edward being given Duke of Edinburgh title? [POLL]We voted to take control of our borders and that's what we must do [COMMENT]Lilibet christening 'mystery' over Harry and Meghan's timing of event [LIVE BLOG]  They are sixth and seventh in line to the throne, respectively. Previously they were listed as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor and Miss Lilibet Mountbatten-Windsor. Archie and Lilibet were not prince and princess at birth, because they were not grandchildren of the monarch. However, when the Queen died and her son Charles acceded to the throne, it meant Archie and Lilibet were entitled to be a prince and princess. In order to prevent the grandchildren from receiving their titles, Charles would have to issue a Letters Patent amending Archie's right to be a prince and Lilibet's right to be a princess. 