An expectant mum was left furious after a neighbour's new fence prevented her from entering her Edinburgh home. Lorraine Smith, 32, can't get her buggy into the green she shares with her elderly grandparents due to the new obstruction. But despite numerous attempts to get her neighbours to remove or alter the obstacle, she was told to "deal with it". Speaking to Edinburgh Live, she said they have barely spent a year at the property while her 78-year-old grandma has lived there for 53 years, "since she was 15". She said the property is an "old coal mine house", accessed via steps in the communal back garden. Ms Smith claimed the new residents were informed of this when they moved in last August. They could build, she added, but they first needed to put their proposed changes "in a letter to my grandparents".  But she was shocked to discover a joiner building the fence as she returned home last week. She said that, while the neighbours had informed her grandparents of their plans ahead of time, they neglected to mention "it would take up one metre of their land". Instead of apologising and agreeing to adjust their fence, the neighbours allegedly said they "couldn't understand why it was a communal area anyway". And while her grandparents initially "said that was fine" their access is now "completely restricted". READ MORE: Mum hit with fine for claiming free prescriptions without document Ms Smith said she struggled to get an answer from the neighbours for some time, and when she eventually reached them was told to "deal with it". She said: "When the joiner was building it, I went and knocked on their door but funnily enough nobody was in. “Later that night, I knocked again and they told me I was just looking for an argument and that the fence was built so I'd have to deal with it." The mum-to-be often stays with and cares for her grandparents, meaning the fence is also an inconvenience for her. Don't miss... Sisters die days apart as devastated family plan joint funeral [REPORT] Cardiff crash police face questions over 46-hour delay to find victims [INSIGHT] Girl claiming to be Madeleine McCann issues DNA test update [LATEST] But the obstacle is more than that for her elderly relatives, who are also out of pocket. She said they charged her grandparents £600 to take up "half of the steps" to the property. Unable to make progress alone, Ms Smith has now resorted to taking legal action against her new neighbours. She is taking advice from lawyers, who are drafting a letter to give the family two options in how they resolve the dispute. The letter will inform them they can either move the fence "further towards their porch", she said, or take it down. She has tried to speak with the neighbours since they drafted the letter, but complained that they "basically slammed the door in my face". The situation has caused her grandparents considerable stress, leaving her nana "in tears", she added. A spokesperson for the City of Edinburgh Council told Edinburgh Live: "We are aware of this incident and are looking into it."