Construction worker Kevin Johnson has seen his life undergo a serious refurb after a one-of-a-kind prize win, trading his current residence in East London for a £3million dream home in Islington. Along with the stunning four-bedroom home the upmarket north London borough, he received £100,000 in cash, which his young family can use to settle into their new lives.  Not only that but the house also comes mortgage-free, with all stamp duty and legal fees taken care of. The life-changing win came thanks to a £50 punt on the latest Omaze Million Pound House Draw. Kevin and his family have wasted no time in planning a move-in as quickly as possible while the door is also open for them to rent it out, or simply cash in and sell. Local estate agents estimate that if the tradesman did decide to seek tenants to move in, the property could generate a monthly income of between £6,000 and £7,000. The Omaze Million Pound House Draw, besides making Kevin a multi-millionaire has also raised an astounding £2,000,000 for the British Heart Foundation (BHF), Omaze's biggest single donation to date.READ MORE: Internet is stunned at 98-year old woman who has over 600 decedents Kevin has managed construction sites in London for 10 years and started out working as a carpenter. For the past 24 years, his wife Dee has worked in childcare and education. They have been married for 12 years and have four boys collectively. The family has lived in a three-bedroom East London apartment since 2011 that they have leased. Kevin recalled his shock on receiving the first call from Omaze informing him that he had won. He said: "When Omaze first called me, I recognised the lady's voice from the TV adverts, so thought it must be genuine – but I didn't for one second think we'd won the actual house! "When the team arrived at my doorstep to tell me the good news – I was so shocked my knees almost gave way!' "My wife was on her way home from work so I video-called her straight away – she didn't believe me at first, but when she saw the camera crew the penny finally dropped."  He added: "We've always wanted to own our own house one day, so this really is a dream come true for us – we'll be moving in as soon as we can. "I won't need to use any of my carpentry skills on the house as it's absolutely perfect – the kids are going to love it. "The house has space for three cars but the family only have one. We need to buy two more cars." Kevin described the Omaze prize win as "life-changing" and said the money would them "so much security" as a family.  Don't miss... Londoners flock to town voted UK’s fourth worst as locals want to move [LATEST] The key front door colour to ‘increase’ your house price by 36% [LATEST] Inside incredible $25.5m home bought by world's biggest lottery winner [LATEST] He added: "We're still pinching ourselves, whatever we decide to do long term, this is going to give us so much security as a family, it's truly life-changing for all of us.' Remarking on the charity money raised, Kevin said: "My wife's grandma had heart complications in later life, so we're really pleased that the draw raised so much money for the British Heart Foundation.' The Victorian family home is located just a stone's throw from central London and has been extensively refurbished and extended to the highest standards. The property features a perfect blend of contemporary and traditional design elements, with the open living space on the ground floor being the heart of the home. This expansive space includes a reception room with oak flooring and period features such as deep-set ceiling cornices and cast iron radiators, leading directly into a bright and airy kitchen and dining area with a bespoke marble centre island, marble work surfaces, and top-of-the-range appliances. Full-height bi-folding glazed doors in the kitchen open up to the garden, which further extends the living space during the summer months. The property has four bedrooms arranged over two upper floors, with the main bedroom taking up most of the first floor. This bedroom features two large south-west facing sash windows, filling the room with natural light, and has a ceiling height of almost three meters. The open en-suite bathroom includes a freestanding Corian bath, double basins, and an oversized marble-enclosed shower in one corner. Additionally, there is a substantial walk-in wardrobe running parallel to the bedroom. James Oakes, chief international officer at Omaze, said: "We're thrilled that Kevin and his family have won their dream home – and that he was able to contribute towards our biggest charity raise ever. "We're incredibly proud that the Omaze community raised a staggering £2,000,000 for the British Heart Foundation in such a short space of time. "Omaze is a win-win for both charities and entrants. By offering incredible prizes, such as this beautiful townhouse in London, we give people the chance to win the house of their dreams, while also introducing charities to audiences they wouldn't usually be able to reach. This method of fundraising has already raised £11,150,000 for good causes across the UK."