If the Mavericks thought providing their franchise player Luka Doncic with some long overdue help would instantly lead to NBA wins, their recent form suggests they were mistaken. The 2011 NBA champions acquired the wantaway Irving in a blockbuster trade that was supposed to vault the Texas outfit up the Western Conference standings ready for a deep play-off run. The Mavericks have now lost four of their first five games with Irving and Doncic starting together. After suffering back-to-back home defeats, however, with the latest featuring a final possession miss from Irving in a 124-122 defeat to the Indiana Pacers, Dallas fans could be forgiven for going to panic stations. Doncic, who returned 39 points, eight rebounds and six assists in a defeat on his 24th birthday, was quick to rally behind his new teammate and said the team still "trust” in Irving’s abilities. "It was a good shot," the Mavericks star man said. "It's Kyrie. He can make a lot of those shots, and we trust him." There were always going to be teething issues for the franchise after Irving’s arrival. The Mavericks have solely relied on Doncic’s prestigious talents and have required him to put up historic usage rates over the past few seasons to stay competitive. MUST READ Vanessa Bryant earns £24million settlement over Kobe Bryant helicopter crash images No more were these growing pains highlighted than in their 124-121 defeat to the Minnesota Timberwolves on Valentine’s Day. Indecision on who would take the last shot led to a Doncic-Irving game of hot potato as Timberwolves defenders pressed and the game clock ran out on another one possession Dallas loss. After their latest defeat on Tuesday night, Irving acknowledged feeling the pressure to perform after his high-profile trade and admitted to lacking ‘fluidity’ as he seeks to gel with his new squad. DON'T MISS LeBron James finally has 'complete team' as Los Angeles Lakers outclass NBA champions Meet 7 foot 4 NBA draft pick dubbed “most talented prospect since Lebron James” NBA star Steph Curry tops league’s highest-earner list with huge £178million deal "The last two games, I just haven't played with the fluidity of my game and just complimenting others and just doing the little things to get us wins," he said. “I mean, it's natural. It comes with it. And also, as a human being, I just naturally want to fit in with everybody and not step on anyone's toes.But the magnitude of the moments sometimes warrants special people to go up and beyond and do the extra things,” added Irving, who had 16 points on 7-of-18 shooting and nine assists Tuesday night. “I'm at that place now, but I think I just need to scale back and let the game come to me and flow into it, because when we're playing that tense, I can feel the intensity around me. I think I've just got to settle in and stay poised." The Mavs currently sit in the seventh spot in the west with a 32-31 record. And their next couple of match-ups don’t let up with a visit from the Philadelphia 76ers on Friday ahead of a Sunday afternoon clash with the Phoenix Suns, whose roster is likely to include Irving’s former Brooklyn Nets running mate Kevin Durant.