When it first aired on Channel 4, Gogglebox's concept seemed a strange one, as watching people watch TV and give their reactions had never been done before. However, the show soon became a hit with stars Sandi Bogle and Sandra Martin joining BBC Breakfast hosts Naga Munchetty and Roger Johnson to discuss the big celebration. Naga began: "Here is one of them time flies moments, it has been 10 years since the Channel 4 show Gogglebox first hit our screens. "Making household names of Mary and Giles, Steph and Dom, The Siddiqui's and the Moffats." Roger added: "It has won loads of awards because it is such a popular programme and who can forget Sandra and Sandi? We are going to speak to them in a moment." Naga continued: "There is a special show to mark the anniversary tonight, but first take a moment to remember a few of the times that BBC Breakfast found itself in the critics' crosshairs." READ MORE: Carol Vorderman's 'dramatic' appearance distracts This Morning viewers Naga began: "Here is one of them time flies moments, it has been 10 years since the Channel 4 show Gogglebox first hit our screens. "Making household names of Mary and Giles, Steph and Dom, The Siddiqui's and the Moffats." Roger added: "It has won loads of awards because it is such a popular programme and who can forget Sandra and Sandi? We are going to speak to them in a moment." Naga continued: "There is a special show to mark the anniversary tonight, but first take a moment to remember a few of the times that BBC Breakfast found itself in the critics' crosshairs."  Quick clips of the show played before heading back to the studio where Sandi and Sandra were sitting on the red sofa. Kicking off their chat, Roger asked if they could believe it had been 10 years to which Sandi expressed: "I know! 10 years is a long time. "But it has gone very quick though, amazing! Nobody thought that it was going to be what it is today. "Just to even think of somebody watching our family watching TV, it doesn't sound correct but it is an amazing concept and it works." Sandra went on to explain that the pair were approached by Channel 4 whilst sat in the pub and being branded as The Queen B of the establishment. She initially turned down the offer and asked Sandi to take the recruiter's number, before being charmed onto the show with a pizza. The pair also explained how it had changed their lives and were grateful to be given the opportunity to star in the show. Roger ended the interview and said: "Well it was great to see you both." Don't miss... Four in a Bed owner fumes after guest refuses to stay at B&B  [WATCH] Fiona Bruce faces calls to be sacked after Gary Lineker migrant tweets [INSIGHT] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST] Sandi exclaimed: "It's lovely being here! Yay!" as Sandra added: "Hey everyone, big up all my fans! 3.4 million." As the ladies continued to talk, Naga quipped: "Enough now ladies! My goodness, this is our show OK, this is our show. "You can watch, I have got to do this bit shush. You can watch Gogglebox 10 year anniversary special tonight at nine on Channel 4." Sandi and Sandra first appeared on the show in 2013 and quickly became fan favourites for their quirky relationship. Sandi left the show ahead of Sandra in 2016 to pursue other opportunities, telling The Sun at the time: "Me and Sandra were best friends long before Gogglebox and we always will be, simple as. "We come as a pair. We can go off and do our own thing but in the end, it’s always the two of us and we will do more things together in the future." Sandra remained on the show until 2017 and temporarily starred alongside her daughter, Chanchez Martin. Gogglebox 10 Year Anniversary Special airs Saturday from 9pm on Channel 4.