The King will today, March 13, deliver the Commonwealth Day Message from the Great Pulpit at Westminster Abbey, before hosting a reception at Buckingham Palace. Those in attendance will include the Commonwealth Secretary-General, High Commissioners, Foreign Affairs Ministers, and other members of the Commonwealth community. This will be Charles' first Commonwealth Day Service as the Head of the Commonwealth, having taken over from the Queen when she died in September last year. For the occasion, Sophie looked elegant in a cream coat dress with brown buttons. The coat dress looked as if it was a separate jacket and skirt as the bodice featured large pockets. It also had a wide collar and a button just below the collar and on the sleeve cuffs. The skirt was long and slightly pleated, reaching Sophie's shins. She combined this with a pair of matching nude heels. As for jewellery, Sophie wore a pair of drop earrings, which have rarely been seen by royal fans in the past - except for Sophie and Edward's wedding, back in 1999. The earrings featured tiny pearl studs with two other tiny pearls dangling from them. The latter pearls were black. For her wedding ceremony, Sophie matched these earrings with a cream and black pearl necklace, featuring a cross-shaped pendant. Made by Asprey and Garrard, the earrings were a wedding gift from Sophie's husband-to-be, Edward, at the time. The Duchess' brooch was also a rare jewel - it was heart shaped and silver. DON'T MISS: Grey hair is 'more on-trend than ever before' - how to embrace it [HAIR] Edward 'mimics the King' during first outing as Duke  [BODY LANGUAGE] Woman loses huge eight stone after being 'addicted to food'  [WEIGHT LOSS] This was pinned to the left lapel of Sophie's coat. Her coat was by Proenze Schouler - a designer she has worn on many occasions in the past. She was seen in a similar Proenza Schouler cream coat back in 2014, for a visit to Livity School in Streatham, south London. The coat retailed for a huge £1,700. But today the Duchess' coat was the Floral-jacquard cotton-blend coat, which is still available to buy on fashion website Matches Fashion. It is currently on sale for a whopping £2,535.  Matches Fashion described the coat, saying: "Proenza Schouler's ecru coat is cut from floral jacquard cotton and wool blend, shaped to an A-line frame that's balanced by oversized flap pockets." Sophie completed her look with a pair of shiny, nude heels, which seemed to be the ones she wore for her first appearance as Duchess of Edinburgh last week. The royal donned her Prada Natural Classic Pumps - these are a pair of shoes the Duchess has worn on many occasions in the past. As for her bag, Sophie carried a cream and black handbag which matched the rest of her look. The Duchess also donned a matching hat - it was cream with a black bow at the back. Her hair was pinned in a neat bun at the knape of her neck and she wore minimal make-up. Sophie donned lashings of black mascara and a subtle light pink lipgloss. As for her husband, the new Duke of Edinburgh looked suave in a navy blue pinstripe suit and a polka dot tie.