Concerning data released recently by the Department of Work and Pensions (DWP) found up to 12.5 million working-age Britons are not saving enough for retirement - making planning key. From a state pension uprating to a deadline extension to complete voluntary National Insurance contributions, Britons have a few key changes to take note of this year. The state pension age, which is the earliest age a person can start receiving the state pension, is a regular payment made by the Government depending on how many ‘qualifying years’ of National Insurance contributions a person has. It has been confirmed the state pension triple lock will be honoured this year. This will see those who receive the state pension a 10.1 percent increase in their payments, in line with September 2022’s inflation rate. To honour the triple lock, the highest percentage out of three different values (inflation, wage increases, and 2.5 percent) is used to determine how much the state pension will increase. This is to help ensure the state pension doesn’t lose value in "real" terms. As per the Government’s Autumn Statement factsheet, from April 2023, the full basic state pension will increase from £141.85 to £156.20 per week. This equates to £8,122.40 per year. READ MORE: WASPI woman slams DWP for just two years warning of age change  The full new state pension will increase from £185.15 to £203.85 per week, which amasses to £10,600.20 per year. Who is eligible? The full basic state pension is available to: The new state pension is available to: To qualify for the full new state pension, men and women need 35 years of National Insurance contributions, or NICs.  Don't miss... You'll never guess which country loathes Brits the most [INSIGHT] You could have ‘thousands of pounds’ sitting in a lost pension [EXPLAINED] Jeremy Hunt 'to unveil significant pension cap increase' in Budget [LATEST] Initially, workers had until April to plug any gaps they may have had in their records between 2006 and 2017 before the time span reduces to the last six tax years. Now, the deadline to buy back any years they may be missing to boost their state pension rate has been extended, and will now fall on July 31. Alice Haine, personal finance analyst at Bestinvest, said: “Buying back missed years is a great way to bolster retirement income as just one qualifying year of NI at the standard rate of £824.20 adds up to £275 per year (1/35 of the full rate of the state pension) to your pre-tax state pension.” She said this puts the breakeven point of making those contributions at three years after the person starts claiming their state pension. Explaining the rule change, Ms Haine said: “While Britons can typically backdate their National Insurance contribution history by six years, the Government created a one-off concession allowing them to buy back missed years from the 2006-07 tax year to 2015-16. “The resulting surge in demand meant phone lines at HM Revenue and Customs and at the Department for Work and Pensions were jammed leaving many fearing they would run out of time to make up the missed years to qualify for a full state pension.” READ MORE: Pensioners risk £370 a month by failing to report changes to DWP  She continued: “Thankfully, the Government has now extended the deadline until July 31 giving workers vital time to catch up on any shortfalls between the 2006/07 and 2016/2017 tax years. This is great news for those likely to have a gap in their record, such as women that took time out to raise a family or care for elderly relations, as well as low earners or expatriates living and working abroad.” The DWP has confirmed it will back a private members bill, which will see the Government's automatic enrolment regime expanded to reach millions more. Auto-enrolment is a scheme that automatically places an employee in their employer’s workplace pension. To qualify currently, employees must be at least 22 (to a maximum age of 66) and earn over £10,000. However, the Private Members Bill from MP Jonathan Gullis would grant two extensions to automatic enrolment, which include abolishing the lower earnings limit for contributions and reducing the age for being automatically enrolled from 22 to 18 years old. Lowering the age at which eligible workers must be automatically enrolled into a pension scheme by their employers from 22 to 18 aims to help make saving more commonplace for young adults and enable them to begin to save from the start of their working lives. In addition, the bill provides for the removal of the Lower Earnings Limit, supporting those with low earnings and multiple jobs by ensuring they are saving from the first pound earned.  The long-awaited Pensions Dashboard Programme, which will enable people to view all of their pension pots in one place, was due to be rolled out in August 2023, however, Laura Trott, minister for pensions, recently announced there will be another delay. In a written statement, Ms Trott said: “The first connection deadline is currently August 31, 2023. However, additional time is required to deliver the complex technical solution to enable the connection of pension providers and schemes.” She continued: “More time is needed to deliver this complex build, and for the pensions industry to help facilitate the successful connection of a wide range of different IT systems to the dashboard’s digital architecture.” Mr Trott said the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) will legislate at the “earliest opportunity” to amend the timing and provide clarity on the project, and a further update will be issued before the House of Commons summer recess in July. 