Actor Tyler Perry was spotted boarding his private jet in Los Angeles to meet with Meghan Markle and Prince Harry at their £12.2 million luxury villa in California. Mr Perry's visit came hours after the Duke and Duchess of Sussex confirmed through a spokesperson they had received an invite to the King's Coronation on May 6. Perry grew close to the couple after lending them his £125 million jet for their "freedom flight" out of the UK in 2020. Perry was spotted boarding his jet in Los Angeles to make the 20-minute journey to Santa Barbara, less than an 8-minute drive from Harry and Meghan's California pile. The film director was seen driving to the couple's home in a suit and tie, a bodyguard escorting him to meet the couple. Perry's visit is believed to have lasted around two hours after which he once again boarded his plane to head to his home in Georgia. The filmmaker hosted the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in his California home for several months after they stepped down from their royal duties in 2020. JUST IN: Harry and Meghan could ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s Coronation Two years later, Harry and Meghan named Perry the godfather to their daughter Lilibet Diana. In the Netflix documentary Harry & Meghan, the Duchess said the family was being hounded by paparazzi while staying on Vancouver Island and reached out to Perry to discuss the situation. She said the director immediately offered up his £14 million ($18 million) million Beverly Hills mansion for the couple to hide away with their son Archie. Meghan said: "He [was] like, ‘My house is safe.… You’re going to stay as long as you need. READ MORE: Palace accused of deliberately leaking Frogmore eviction to 'distract' from King's blunder "'And I’m going get you there safely. And I’m gonna keep you there safely until you have somewhere to go'.” Prince Harry also admitted the couple had never met Perry in person before he offered them his mansion. Perry's brief visit comes after Harry and Meghan were handed an invite to the King's Coronation. But the couple has so far refused to confirm whether they will attend or not. In the Netflix documentary Harry & Meghan, the Duchess said the family was being hounded by paparazzi while staying in Vancouver Island and reached out to Perry to discuss the situation. She said the director immediately offered up his £14 million ($18 million) million Beverly Hills mansion for the couple to hide away with their son Archie. Meghan said: "He [was] like, ‘My house is safe.… You’re going to stay as long as you need. DON'T MISS Sussexes warned they're 'stuffed either way' in Coronation dilemma [LATEST] Harry and Meghan mocked on US TV as they weigh up Coronation invite [VIDEO] Harry and Meghan might stay at Buckingham Palace for Coronation [ANALYSIS] A spokesperson for the couple told The Times: "I can confirm The Duke has recently received email correspondence from His Majesty's office regarding the coronation. "An immediate decision on whether The Duke and Duchess will attend will not be disclosed by us at this time.' Harry and Meghan's response was met with mixed reviews, with commentator Richard Fitzwilliams suggesting the invite leaves the royal pair facing an "acute dilemma." Fitzwilliams told the Mail: "On the one hand, they want discussions with senior royals and accountability for what they believe they went through when they were senior working royals. "They believe that, together with the press, the Royal Family sought to drive them into exile. They want an apology. They will not get it. "The Sussexes have contracts with Netflix, Spotify and Random House. They only have these because they are members of the Royal Family. If they did not attend this momentous event they will seem very out of touch." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews