Kate, Princess of Wales has become a style icon over the years, with millions of fashion fans paying attention to what she wears every time she steps out in public. Luxury fashion expert at Loop Cashmere, Claire Heathcote took a look at Kate’s wardrobe and how she “elevates” her outfits. Claire said: “The Princess of Wales is well-known for her sleek and stylish formal wear, stealing the show on countless occasions with her trend-setting suit ensembles. “Kate has never been afraid to add a splash of colour to her work attire, regularly donning a variety of vibrant shades.” The fashion expert referenced “bright purples to striking pinks” in particular and she said the “dynamic shades” makes the Princess “look effortless and elegant”. “In recent months, Kate was seen wearing an attractive burgundy blazer and trouser combo, layered over an eye-catching bow-collared baby pink blouse at an event in Boston. READ MORE: Kate’s key accessory to make her red carpet outfits ‘become iconic’ “Whilst the suit jacket often takes centre stage in much of Kate’s formalwear, the Princess expertly coordinates every aspect of her outfit, from her undershirts to her jewellery.” For anyone looking to emulate this style, Clare said: “Don’t hold back on going bold with your choice of colour. “Investing in a bright blazer and matching trousers is a surefire way to elevate your formalwear from plain and corporate to chic and showstopping. “Make sure to balance out your outfit with complementing accessories and underlayers to complete your look.” Don't miss... Hairdresser shares worst hair colours for older women [COMMENT] Heinz baked beans beaten by 45p supermarket version [FOOD NEWS] Man who was ‘addicted to takeaways’ sheds 6st with ‘no fad diet’  [EXCLUSIVE] When it comes to dressing for colder weather, Kate has a “fondness for knitwear” and Claire said this is “proof that comfort can still be trendy and Kate pulls off these more relaxed looks effortlessly”. “Cosy cashmere jumpers, such as the bright blue piece that Kate was seen wearing in tribute to Ukraine are incredibly versatile,” she added. “In the cooler months, the luxurious material offers warmth whilst remaining formal and elegant for official occasions. “Cashmere clothing is also the perfect attire for layering up. Take advantage of this when styling yourself after Kate and pair your jumpers with blazers, jackets and scarves for a more complex yet equally comfortable look.” READ MORE: Fast food restaurant Kate Middleton ‘won’t take her children to’ Another staple in Kate’s wardrobe is polka dots, especially during the summertime. “Polka dots have featured in some of Kate’s most memorable public appearances, such as the birth of Prince George in 2013,” Claire said. “And more recently, when photographed taking her children on the school run with her husband, Prince William, in September.” Claire said polka dot dresses “add a bright and playful atmosphere to the Princess’ look”, and the royal “isn’t afraid to get creative” by adding a matching belt or hat to the outfit. “The addition of the belt and hat is a really subtle yet effective technique to smarten up this cheerful pattern for formal occasions, and Kate can be seen doing this at a number of high-profile events, including Royal Ascot in June 2022,” Claire said. Claire has some advice for anyone “looking to steal Kate’s style but is cautious of being too overstated”. She said: “Loosen up with a flowing polka dot skirt and plain shirt. This combo is perfect for a more lightweight and laid-back feel.”