A North Carolina mother has joked about the British show Loose Women being temporarily cancelled after the programme made controversial remarks about her baby daughter and home. Reby Hardy is a professional wrestler and model who makes satirical videos on social media about her daughter who she describes as a “gothic baby”. Reby has over a million followers on her TikTok account @rebyhardy where she showcases her gothic nursery, which usually looks decked out in dark, moody colours as well as bright orange Halloween decorations. The social media star also has a satirical series on her social media where she films her daughter, Evie, short for Ever Moore. Reby jokingly narrates her daughter’s life and tells her audience this is the “day in the life of a gothic baby.” This week, Reby made a video in response to one of her fans who was celebrating Loose Women coming to a temporary end. The comment said: “Loose Women is ending, thank God” and Reby responded by mimicking a soundtrack which said: “ I don’t fu** with that bi**.” It should be noted that ‘Loose Women’ is only being temporarily cancelled and will return later this month. However, Reby’s response comes after the gothic mother-and-daughter were criticised on the show and one of the panellists branded their gothic look as “satanic.” READ MORE: 'My 11-year-old daughter came back from a sleepover with 10 piercings' In December, a segment on the show with panelists Katie, Kaye Adams, Judi Love, and Nadia Swahala spoke about if parents should “impose their lifestyle choices” on their children. The programme played a clip of Reby and her daughter on social media, in which a toy of the Sesame Street character Elmo had been given a makeover and turned into a gothic toy called “Hell-mo”. Panelist Katie Piper criticised the TikTok video and the mother’s home. She said: “I don’t like that interior.” She added: “It’s all black and dark. Babies don’t like that. I’m just going to put it out there it’s giving me satanic vibes, it’s giving me bad energy, it’s toxic, I don’t like it and also it’s a baby.” After the episode aired, ITV was hit with over 60 complaints to OFCOM about the panellists' remarks, and people online were outraged about the comments. The gothic mother also responded and made a video addressing the controversy which has received millions of views. DON'T MISS:Man accuses woman of catfishing him - but he was the catfish [REVEAL]Passenger wants to ‘slap’ man that refused to swap seats with his wife [REPORT]Bride 'furious' after mother-in-law wears bridal gown on wedding day [INSIGHT] In one video, Reby said her videos were a “skit” and showed with her camera that her whole house was not all “black and dark.” Reby said: “At least the gothic nursery has depth and colour and warmth” and also added: “I don’t understand how this is any different from someone decorating their baby’s nursery in monochromatic pink or monochromatic blue.” Reby also made another video in which she asked her audience to "not judge people by what they look like” and also spoke about Sophie Lancaster, who was a young British woman who was murdered in 2007 due to her gothic fashion. The gothic mother said she was going to donate "everything I've made off of TikTok in the last few weeks" to the Sophie Lancaster Foundation in response to the controversy, as the foundation promotes understanding towards people who enjoy alternative fashion.   Since Reby responded to the news of Loose Women temporarily ending, her audience has also reacted to the news and made jokes related to the controversy. One comment said: “That’s why you don’t come for Gothic Baby!” while someone else said: “Behold the power of Goth Baby.” Somebody else said: “As soon as they came for gothic baby, they cut those loose women loose!” while another user said: “Cannot believe they disrespected Gothic Baby!” However, other comments highlighted that the show was only going to be off the air for a short while, and said: “Unfortunately it's only Temporarily Cancelled so annoyingly it will be back at some point.” One user named Luna suggested their own idea for a television show, and said: “We should start a new show of alt/goth/gamer women. That’s a programme I’d watch.”