Facebook users have lauded a mother who dressed her son as Prince Harry for World Book Day at school. Royal fans were so impressed with Melissa Wright's efforts they praised her creativity online and suggested other parents should have done the same today - for the charity event held annually every first Thursday in March. Melissa's son, three-year-old Ellis Wright, has a bold personality, so his mother jumped at the chance to turn him into the author of Spare for the occasion. Speaking to the Mirror, the 36-year-old mum assured critics Ellis "had lots of fun" with the costume.  Some were impressed with the mum's creative suggestion, with one person posting: "That is so different and great thinking, love it." "He looks great!! Cute as a button!" added another.  Another Facebook user posted: "Best costume so far." A further person said: "Love it. He looks so cute." Other comments included: "Absolutely class", "That’s hilarious - so cool" and "Absolute legend". However, not everyone was as impressed by the costume. As one user wrote: "I thought the whole point of world book day is the child picks their favourite book, and a character from that is what they dress up as?? As if that's his choice or favourite book..." "World book day is to encourage children to read children's books I would hope!" added another. "Poor boy - prob doesn't know who Harry is," wrote a third. Harry published his memoirs in Spare in January to a mixed reception. It swiftly broke the record for the fastest-selling non-fiction book.  In response to the controversy, Melissa, who lives in Surrey, soon replied with the following message: "I promise Ellis had lots of fun and went to school beaming from ear to ear. Sorry to those I have offended or upset but thank you to those who found the humour in it. "I absolutely adore both of my children. He is 3, can’t read yet, was really excited about being a prince with a beard. Putting face paint on a very excitable little boy was the hard part and just to clarify his school doesn’t pick a winner." What do you think of Melissa's costume? Let us know in the comments below.