Brighton star Alexis Mac Allister has dropped a major hint on his future ahead of an anticipated transfer tug-of-war for his signature in the summer. The 24-year-old's stock has gone through the roof since helping Argentina to World Cup glory in Qatar, although he insists that he remains focused on the Seagulls for now. Mac Allister is one of the latest in a long line of gems unearthed by Brighton's scouting network in recent years. The versatile midfielder was signed from Argentinos Juniors in 2019 and had to wait patiently for his Premier League breakthrough. He only truly started to affect games last season and things have kicked up another notch this term, with five goals in 19 league outings. Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City and Arsenal have all been linked with Mac Allister as Brighton prepare to demand a fee in the region of £70million. Speaking to TyC Sports, the Argentine reeled off a list of teams he admires while confirming that he wants his next club to be in the Premier League. DON'T MISS: Sterling has already made feelings clear on Arteta amid Arsenal links "I don't have a particular team where I say 'this is the way I play'," he claimed. "I think that here in the Premier League there are very strong teams that play very well, like Manchester City and Arsenal. "Chelsea too. I had [Graham] Potter [as my manager at Brighton] and I know the idea he has to play football. Manchester United is returning to be what it was and Liverpool are going through some ups and downs but they still have a very important team. READ MORE...Man Utd takeover twist as 'likely' date for Glazers decision emergesMan City 'interested in Chelsea duo' as Bellingham stance emergesArsenal boss Mikel Arteta 'was annoyed with Nuno Tavares behaviour' "If I have to say a place, I would like my next step to be in the Premier League. But the truth is that I am very focused here in Brighton and enjoying the present." Favouring another Premier League move effectively rules out a transfer to Juventus, who were rumoured to be Mac Allister's preferred destination back in December. Chelsea and Liverpool could both offer him prominent starting roles, with neither living up to their billing at this stage of a troubled 2022/23 campaign. The Blues got rid of Jorginho in January and they are expected to auction off a collection of other midfielders in the summer, with the likes of Ruben Loftus-Cheek and Mateo Kovacic attracting interest. A move to Stamford Bridge would also see Mac Allister reunite with Potter, presuming he is still employed by Chelsea at the end of the season. Liverpool could undergo a similar reshuffle in the middle of the park with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Naby Keita set to leave on free transfers. Jude Bellingham remains their top target but Mac Allister could come in to complement the England man, or serve as a high-quality back-up option if the Borussia Dortmund star moves elsewhere.