American support for Ukraine is ebbing as Putin’s war rages on, new polling suggests. Joe Biden’s recent visit to Kyiv and Poland saw him promise a further $500million (£415million) in military aid to Ukraine, vowing the US and allies would “have Ukraine’s back”. "One year ago, the world was bracing for the fall of Kyiv”, Biden said in front of the Royal Castle in Warsaw. “Well, I've just come from a visit to Kyiv, and I can report, Kyiv stands strong. “Kyiv stands proud. It stands tall. And most important, it stands free.” But polls from inside the US tell a different story, as a survey finds there is no longer a majority backing Ukraine’s fight. Overall, public support for Ukraine aid has fallen from 60 percent last May to 48 percent now, according to surveys of 1,068 US residents for The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. Their poll in February found 48 percent say they favour the US providing weapons to Ukraine, with 29 percent opposed and 22 percent unsure. In May 2022, 60 percent of US adults said they were in favour of sending Ukraine weapons. In another poll from the Pew Research Center in January, 26 percent said the US is providing too much support to Ukraine, while 31 percent said it is giving the right amount and 20 percent want to give more. READ MORE: Russian MPs call for 'counter-terrorist operation' after hostage claim “It’s this way with every foreign intervention,” said Andy Surabian, a Republican strategist who advised Senator J.D. Vance, R-Ohio, and Donald Trump Jr. He told the New York Times: “In the first few months, it’s always popular. People don’t like what Russia did; it’s awful. “But as time goes on, war weariness is a real thing, especially in this country, especially when voters aren’t connecting what’s happening in Ukraine with their own security.” He also said that if Trump is the 2024 GOP nominee for President, “I 100 percent expect him to prosecute the case against Biden directly on the Ukraine issue”. It comes as Secretary of State Antony Blinken had his first face-to-face meeting with his counterpart Sergey Lavrov since the war began. Blinken told reporters that he demanded that Russia end its “war of aggression”, and that Russia return to the New START nuclear arms control treaty. He also said he demanded Moscow free Paul Whelan, an American who the State Department says is wrongfully imprisoned on espionage charges.