Luis Pineda and BDave won the inaugural Misfits Boxing tag team showdown against Ice Poseidon and Anthony Vargas to widespread praise from influencer boxing fans. The fight was wild for as long as it lasted with BDave scoring the second-round TKO over Poseidon to conclude the extravaganza. But the wildest moment didn't happen in the ring. During the first round, Vargas and Poseidon's manager appeared to strip off her top and try to storm the ring, much to the surprise of commentators Slim and Wade Plem. "And you see their manager up on the corner there. Definitely not in an appropriate way," said Plem as the events unfolded off camera. "Wait, what? She took off her shirt? She took of her shirt? What?" shouted Slim as the camera panned to the woman being escorted off the ring apron.  Pineda and BDave were in complete control throughout as they mercilessly battered their adversaries from pillar to post in the WWE-style match. The contest easily got the biggest pop of the night and fans showed their appreciation on social media after the final bell. "That tag team misfits boxing match was the funniest thing ever lol haven’t seen a ruthless Duo like these 2 since the Dudley boys #misfit005," tweeted Northern Ireland international Ryan McLaughlin. MORE BOXING NEWS... OnlyFans star Brooke delivers three-fight hitlist including Rousey Misfits Boxing 5 LIVE - Swingler headlines as Wett takes big risk Paul breaks silence on vodka company after £207k tattoo vanishes  Meanwhile, IBF flyweight champion was also watching. "Nah if you tag you’re at a risk of getting chinned," he wrote accompanied by a laughing emoji. Underneath the post, one fan (@johnwba01) replied: "Proper entertaining. If they sort the tagging in and out system it could be a good watch in future." Another supporter (Marlon_gee_) added: "I eat my words, I was against tag team boxing, but they have something with Pineda and Bdave. Had me laughing the whole time, loved it! Los Pineda Coladas will live in Misfits history."