A 24-year-old woman who was misdiagnosed with stress by doctors says she might not be able to be a mum after it turned out she actually had stage four cancer. Mollie Mulheron had been “living her best life” in the Galapagos Islands but had been experiencing symptoms so returned to the UK.    She’d had such difficulty breathing that she almost drowned while snorkelling, but doctors had told her that the issues were “in her head”. When she returned to the UK she collapsed in a supermarket and was rushed to hospital. There the doctors found she has a 15cm tumour over her heart and lungs. Now, she has been diagnosed with stage four non-Hodgkins lymphoma and says she still cannot comprehend what has happened. Ms Mulheron said: "That was the worst news of my life, I can't even explain how it felt now. "I just cried and screamed and screamed – it was out of nowhere, I knew something was wrong but I didn't think it was that wrong. "I'm waiting to hear how much it's spread. It doesn't mean I'm going to die tomorrow but it means treatment needs to start now. "They've given me an injection to try and preserve my fertility so kids aren't out the question - it's put me in early menopause, it's the worst part for me as I always wanted to be a mum."    Daily Mirror reports that Ms Mulheron, from Skipton, Leeds, went to the Galapagos Islands because she had always wanted to do some travelling. She worked as an English teacher while she was out there and enjoyed exploring the tropical islands. But she began experiencing unusual symptoms, including trouble breathing and swallowing. She booked a flight home on February 4 after being told there weren't enough students for her to teach, but within 48 hours of arriving back in the UK she collapsed and began throwing up in a supermarket. READ MORE: Brexiteer wants to take back control of roads with can the cones Bill    She was rushed to hospital by ambulance where she underwent blood tests, and X-ray and CT scans. Doctors gave her the devastating diagnosis and was told the tumour had been affecting her heart – and they said the reason she kept collapsing was because she was repeatedly having heart attacks. They have prescribed steroids to stop the tumour from growing any more, and she quickly began chemotherapy. Ms Mulheron said: "I've been fit and healthy my whole life, I've always been completely fine – I don't know what has caused this, I'm healthy and young, I was in Galapagos living my best life. "I still can't comprehend it now - [when I was told] I was screaming to my mum about my future plans, how I wanted to be a mum and get married, all I could do was stare at the wall and cry and scream. "The doctors immediately put me on steroids to stop the growth of the tumour while they tried to figure out what was going on. "They couldn't start treatment until they knew exactly what it was so I was waiting for the biopsy to come back."    Don't miss... PM deaths call man admits charges [REPORT] Massive 15ft shark attacks two swimmers in Hawaii [PICTURED] Ukraine rallies defences in final effort to hold Bakhmut from Russia [ANALYSIS] She added: "When I finally got the results, it wasn't what we hoped for – it's non-Hodgkin's lymphoma which is rare and aggressive. "The doctors seem hopeful they can treat it and say the success rate for the type of cancer I have is good and it looks hopeful. "The only sad thing is that it's stage four which means it's on both sides of my chest and has spread to other parts of my body. "I started chemo and had a bad reaction to the first treatment, but the doctors said it was because they started it too fast, and after that it was okay, I just had a few side effects like headaches. "The doctors say there are a lot of treatments they can try because I'm young, fit and healthy."      