Spring is merely weeks away, marking the perfect time to get crops planted ready for summer/autumn harvest. With there already being a shortage of certain vegetables in some UK supermarkets, there’s no better time to start growing your own. Even if you don’t a back garden or any outdoor space at all, you can still get planting either on a windowsill or a balcony. Sean Lade, gardening expert and director of Easy Garden Irrigation, has shared which vegetables you can start planting now and how to look after them for the best results. Potatoes are easy to grow as they aren’t fussy about what soil they are planted in. Sean continued: “It’s best to plant potatoes two to three weeks before your last frost date. However, it is always best to prep your soil with fertiliser beforehand to guarantee a good harvest. “Choose a sunny spot in your garden with well-drained soil, and prepare the soil by digging it over and removing any weeds or large clumps of dirt. READ MORE: ‘Whiten’ yellow stained pillows ‘instantly’ with 4p ‘essential’ “Plant the seed potatoes about eight inches apart and four inches deep, with the sprouts facing upwards. Water the potatoes well and keep the soil moist but not waterlogged. “As the plants grow, you can mound soil around their base to help support the developing potatoes. When the plants flower and start to die back, it is an indication that the potatoes are ready to harvest.” Spring is the “best time” to start sowing broccoli, unless you’re planning on growing later varieties - these will need to be planted in June. Unlike other crops, broccoli is easy to grow and will happily grow in different climates. Don't miss... Three ‘effective’ methods to deter rats ‘naturally’ from your garden [INSIGHT] Monty Don shares when you ‘need’ to mow the lawn to get the best grass [LATEST] Five jobs to prepare your garden for spring [ANALYSIS] Sean said when choosing a spot for your broccoli, you should opt for a sunny space with well-draining soil. He then suggested planting the seeds about an inch deep and 18 inches apart. The seeds will need to be watered regularly to start with. When the plants are around six inches in height, gardeners should add mulch around the crops to help retain moisture and stop weeds from sprouting. Broccoli is ready to harvest when the heads are “firm and tight”. Beetroot may be earthy in flavour but it actually loves the sun, in fact, according to Sean, “the more sunlight, the better the harvest”. READ MORE: Five ‘non-chemical’ methods to banish lawn weeds this spring Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Beetroot does not like cold weather, so it’s better to wait until spring to plant these veggies. Beetroot needs to be kept well-watered and does not like to go dry. Give them a thorough soaking every 10 to 14 days. For best results, sow the seeds shallowly and thinly before submerging the soil in water. The seeds need to be planted about an inch deep and two inches apart and need to be watered regularly once they are an established plant. Once the plants are in their maturing position, mulch the ground to ensure all of the moisture is maintained. Leeks are another easy crop to grow as, like potatoes, they are not fussy when it comes to soil. They will flourish and thrive in well-drained soil that’s not too compacted. Once planted, leeks need a good soaking every seven to 10 days to ensure they stay hydrated. Sean continued: “Once they have reached six to eight inches, they should be relocated to their maturing position. Leeks can be started from seeds or seedlings. “If you are using seeds, plant them about a quarter of an inch deep and about one to two inches apart in rows spaced approximately 12 inches apart. “Plant seeds about six inches apart in rows spaced about 12 inches apart if you are using seedlings. Water the seeds or seedlings gently, taking care not to wash them away.”