US President Joe Biden joked on Thursday that he was 400 years old and hinted Donald Trump could sit in the White House again while unveiling controversial budget plans. The 46th POTUS seemed to pour doubt on his own re-election hopes with his tip to Trump's of being re-elected in 2024. Polls show Biden is unpopular with Americans - and even voters in his own party want him to stand aside for another candidate next year. Speaking in Philadelphia on Thursday, Biden said: "I can honestly say, I have never been more optimistic about America's future than I am today, I mean that sincerely. "As you can tell, I've only been around a few years, like 400." The 80-year-old added: "I had a big fight with the former president - and maybe future president. "The big fight you may remember going on was our good friend, the former president, decided all the inspectors general... he fired them all. "I said 'you shouldn't do that.' Well guess what? Now we're finding out billions of dollars were stolen." President Biden swiped at Trump as he unveiled his $6.9 trillion plan to overhaul the US economy. The Democratic leader wants to hike corporation tax from 25 percent to 28 percent and increase tax on Americans with wealth over $100 million. He also plans to hit households making more than $400,000 a year. Biden claimed his huge tax hikes would cut the US deficit by $3 trillion over the next decade while allowing him to spend more on the country's Medicare health programme. Don't miss... DeSantis 'laying groundwork for 2024 bid' after Trump's speech [INSIGHT] Trump praises Carlson as texts show Fox host ‘passionately hates' him [LATEST] Trump plans to publish private letters from Oprah in new book [SCOOP] But Republicans have blasted the budget as a death knell for the US economy that would kill it "beyond any repair". House Speaker Kevin McCarthy said: "President Biden just delivered his budget to Congress, and it is completely unserious. "He proposes trillions in new taxes that you and your family will pay directly or through higher costs. "Mr President: Washington has a spending problem, NOT a revenue problem." Representative Lauren Boebert, a controversial figure on the right of the party, warned: "This is completely unserious and would take our already dying economy and kill it beyond any repair." President Biden's budget is widely seen as dead-on-arrival as there is almost no chance he will manage to pass it through the Republican-controlled House of Representatives. US presidents have no power to pass budgets without approval from Congress - and Democrats only control the Senate following the 2022 mid-term elections. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews