The RTS Awards took place on Wednesday night in the London Hilton on Park Lane with Channel 5 news anchor Dan Walker on hosting duties. This was his first public gig since his horror crash on February 20 when his bike collided with a car in Sheffield. He was left with extremely visible and painful looking injuries to his face. However, Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Ben Shephard insisted he was on "fine form". Susanna was nominated for an award and Ben couldn’t help but notice Dan’s demeanour. Speaking about it on the breakfast show on Thursday morning, he said: “Dan Walker was hosting…we know he had an accident last week, he got knocked off his bike, and he was on particularly fine form I thought.” Laughing, Susanna chipped in: “I thought you were gonna say particularly strong drugs because he did point out he was up to his eyeballs.” This led Ben to reveal the side effects of the medication on the usually very composed Walker to the morning show audience. “Yes, a lot of painkillers, so his benchmark for what is and isn't appropriate had gone out the window.” READ MORE: Django’s showrunner lifts the lid on reimagining 1872 Ben has personal experience of having to work while being heavily medicated as he acknowledged. “The two of you [Susanna and Kate Garraway] had to co-host with me when I was on some particularly strong drugs,” he recalled. This led Susanna to incredulously state: “When you say we've co-hosted with you -  we carried you at times when you have been on the drugs!” In 2021, Ben suffered a horror injury while playing football, which left him needing surgery on his leg. Dan needed hospital treatment after he was knocked off his bicycle on one of Sheffield's busiest roundabouts while travelling from his home to the train station. However, he subsequently received criticism for not using the cycle lane and was forced to defend himself in a Sunday Times column. "One of the pertinent questions I have been asked this week is: 'Why didn't I use the subway under the notoriously busy Sheffield roundabout that morning?'” he wrote. "The last two times I ventured down it was covered in shattered glass from the night before and, when you try to use it at that time of the morning, you will often find the cycle lane packed with pedestrians on their way to work." DON'T MISS:Dan Walker in first public appearance since crash as he covers bruises [INSIGHT]Four in a Bed fans fume at ‘super dramatic’ guests for brutal scoring [SPOILERS]Beyond Paradise Humphrey and Martha detail 'emotional challenges' [INSIGHT] The RTS awards which span 21 categories celebrate and recognise journalism talent across the television industry. Susanna was nominated for Network Presenter Of The Year alongside Huw Edwards from BBC News. Both lost out to Huw's BBC News colleague Clive Myrie in the category. BBC led the way with 11 wins across both news and current affairs. Alongside Clive’s award, the BBC also won the prestigious Network Daily News Programme of the Year for BBC News at Ten. ITV took home five awards including, Current Affairs and Nations and Regions News which was awarded for coverage of the Manchester Arena Inquiry. Sky News garnered three wins, including the coveted Channel of the Year award and Network Television Journalist of the Year, which was awarded to Stuart Ramsay. Meanwhile, Jeremy Paxman took home the prestigious Outstanding Contribution Award, for his distinguished and varied career achievements that span multiple decades in the television industry. Good Morning Britain is on ITV daily from 6-9am.