On Saturday evening, SNL returned to NBC in the USA and was packed full of hilarious skits with Super Bowl winner Travis Kelce at the helm. While the show had plenty of laughs which got fans talking, it was a touching title card tribute to John Head which also caught the eye. So much so, shortly after SNL aired its tribute to John, a number of viewers took to social media to pay their respects. Twitter user @remixchild responded to the title card: “Rest in peace John head #snl.” While @leele505 similarly weighed in: “RIP John Head #SNL.” And @MaryLynnRajkaup continued the tributes online by tweeting: “RIP John Head #SNL.” READ MORE: NCIS Hawaii's Lucy Tara irks Kensi Blye as she derails investigation John’s spot in SNL folklore stems from the very start of the show’s debut season. He helped put together the show’s legendary crew of comedians and writers from day one as part of SNL’s talent acquisition team, according to CarterMatt. SNL kicked off way back in 1975 with the likes of Dan Akroyd, Chevy Chase, Jane Curtin and many more providing the laughs. According to IMDb, John also worked on the TV movie Nothing Lasts Forever, Rolling Stone Presents Twenty Years of Rock & Roll, and Musical Shorts with Debi Mazar. There is little information about how John died available to the public at the time of writing. Elsewhere during Saturday’s show, Travis touched upon his “embarrassing” stint on E! show Catching Kelce during his opening monologue. He said: “It was kind of like The Bachelor, except instead of roses I handed out footballs, and instead of watching, people did not. As the audience laughed, he added: “It was a little embarrassing, but I got really good at reality TV.” DON'T MISS:NCIS LA's Anna leaves Callen gobsmacked as she drops wedding bombshellVirgin River’s Lilly star shares ‘exciting news’ after Netflix exitJay Leno wows fans as he shows off ‘new face’ after horrific accident The rest of the SNL line-up also provided the laughs as they took aim at Fox & Friends. Travis was also joined by an unlikely co-star during a skit with Heidi Gardner. His brother Jason left his seat in the audience to join his brother for the hilarious segment. Before the show ended, Travis and the rest of the SNL cast also managed to poke fun at Netflix’s Too Hot to Handle. Travis took on the role of Rodney during the sketch who couldn’t adhere to the Too Hot to Handle rules thanks to Glenn (played by Chloe Fineman). Heidi provided the voice of the virtual assistant and inevitably hilarity ensued. Saturday Night Live airs Saturdays on NBC in the USA.