During his time on the radio station, Ken hosted the daily music quiz that tests two fans’ music knowledge, PopMaster. However, after the launch of the replica quiz Ten To The Top was branded as a "Poundland Popmaster", some listeners accused the first contestant of cheating after noticing a pause in between the question and answer. Radio 2 stars Zoe Ball and Richie Anderson were among the first players in the morning show Ten To The Top unveiled by Gary Davies, which featured similar elements to Popmaster. The game asks two contestants 10 questions in a manner similar to pop music, with a new element of contestants gaining an extra point when they answer in order. However, as caller Sheila was delighted to be taking part in the show, many fans called out her four-second pause as "highly suspicious", claiming she was looking up the answers. Twitter user @DeborahJY exclaimed: “What a pity to hear such blatant cheating on 10 to the Top. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail "I don’t know how you stop it but it certainly spoils it for the listener. Sheila was no Popmaster.” James Callaghan commented: "Never heard such an obvious cheat as 'Sheila' on the quiz today." Susie Bassett noted: "This new quiz is a total farce. It’s the same as Ken’s Champions League. I can’t stop laughing." Alison Baker agreed: "Thought exactly the same thing when I heard it read out, sounded very convoluted indeed if a question is wrong the points go back down, lost the will to live at that point and didn't want to listen." (sic) However, not all listeners were critical of the new format for the quiz show, with Nicole Watson praising: "Great show, Gary, you have the most amazing playlist. "The quiz was good, too." (sic) Express.co.uk has contacted the BBC for a comment. Touching on the claims, a spokeswoman said to The Sun: “Prior to going on air, all Ten To The Top contestants are asked to participate alone with no assistance, books or devices.  Don't miss... The Conners viewers 'switch off' as Whoopi Goldberg guest stars [LATEST] Death in Paradise boss pays tribute to 'amazing actor' Kris Marshall [WATCH] 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton asks fans to ‘excuse’ new appearance [INSIGHT ] "And we’re confident that all players just use their music-filled brains.” When the quiz will continue when Vernon Kay takes over Ken's old slot in the schedule, as a BBC spokesman said: "'Radio 2 listeners have enjoyed a weekday music quiz at 10.30am for decades. "This will continue with our brand new quiz, Ten To The Top, for our new mid-morning show." Ken took to his Twitter account to bid farewell to his listeners two weeks ago and wrote: "I will be presenting my last show on Radio 2 next Friday. "I had intended fulfilling my contract until the end of March but the BBC has decided it wants me to leave earlier. Let’s enjoy the week ahead!" Ken has revealed that PopMaster will continue on his new Greatest Hits Radio show when it launches in the spring. “I say [the show is] brand-new but there will still be PopMaster, me and my musings and all the great records you know and love from the 70s, 80s and 90s,” he said in a statement about his new role. “I’m looking forward to getting started and to you joining me for my very first show. See you in April!” (sic)