Royal fans were disappointed not to catch a glimpse of Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis at Monday's Commonwealth Day service. The Prince and Princess of Wales appeared without their children for the service, which marked the King's first as monarch. Prince William and Kate have started to bring their two eldest children along on royal trips, seemingly getting the pair ready for their royal futures. Nine-year-old Prince George and seven-year-old Princess Charlotte have joined their parents on important royal outings, such as the late Queen's funeral last September. Although there has been no official confirmation as to why the three children were not present at Monday's service, the timing of the service would evidently clash with their school day. The royals arrived at the Abbey at 2:40pm, so the youngsters would have needed to take a half day off school to attend. Since the family-of-five's move to Windsor in September last year, the three children have all been pupils at Lambrook School in Berkshire. READ MORE: Princess Kate mesmerises in Diana's sapphire earrings at Commonwealth Day Service today This school year marked the first time that the couple's youngest, who will turn five in April, has joined his two elder siblings at school. Prince Louis doesn't often join his family at royal events, presumably due to his younger age. The youngster did, however, steal the show during the Platinum Jubilee last year, leaving royal fans amused with his facial expressions and sweet interactions with his mum and siblings. George and Charlotte have been praised by experts and royal fans alike, for their impeccable behaviour, at recent royal events. READ MORE: Meghan Markle's fans furious over 'sick' Coronation joke on Saturday Night Live The theme for this year's Commonwealth Day service was abot Forging a Sustainable and Peaceful Common Future. As well as the Prince and Princess of Wales, the Queen Consort and the newly-appointed Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh were on hand to support the monarch. Princess Anne and her husband, Sir Timothy Laurence, were also present. Don't miss... POLL: Should Lady Louise be given a new title? [POLL] King pays tribute to his 'beloved Mother' in Commonwealth speech [LATEST] King faces questions on Coronation as anti-monarchists stage protest [EXCLUSIVE] It remains unknown whether the three children, or at least the elder two, will be in attendance at the King's Coronation in May. Louis will have just turned five at the time of the Coronation, which slightly older than the King was when his mother was crowned in 1953. 