Courteney Cox, 58, has appeared on a recent podcast to discuss her health issues, as well as sharing an insight into her Hollywood lifestyle and her latest venture, Scream 6. The Friends star told the podcast hosts that previously her hair had been falling out, but shortly after that problem was sorted, she has been "overmedicated" again, resulting in her eyebrow hairs beginning to fall out. Friends favourite Courteney appeared on the Spotify podcast Gloss Angeles Beauty, and spoke openly about her thyroid battles. The Hollywood star detailed her battle with hypothyroidism, which is usually treated by taking daily hormone tablets, which replace the hormone your thyroid does not make enough of. She said: "My hair was falling out and it turns out it's because I have hypothyroidism and I think I got overmedicated because I've had it for so many years, your body changes. "I have cream-coloured seats and you could see hair everywhere. But I've started to grow now. "But then I got overmedicated again and now my eyebrows have started falling out, so thank god I microblade. Anyway, they will come back. READ MORE: Bruce Willis’ wife admits relationship with ex Demi Moore is ‘odd’ "I went to a really good Endocrinologist and I am on the right track." This isn't the first time Courteney has spoken out about being comfortable in her own skin, but admitted at one point, she got very "strange" about it. Courteney admitted having a tricky relationship with fillers and didn't realise the extent of her problems until she looked back at pictures. She previously told The Sunday Times: "There was a time when you go, ‘Oh, I’m changing. I’m looking older.’ And I tried to chase that [youthfulness] for years. "And I didn’t realize that, oh s***, I’m actually looking really strange with injections and doing stuff to my face that I would never do now." Courteney has been frequenting the red carpet this month in promotion for her latest movie, Scream 6, which sees her reprise the role of Gale Weathers, the reporter she has played since the first instalment back in 1996. She arrived at the premiere in a sleek black cocktail dress paired with a velvet jacket. Courteney then posed up a storm on the arm of her daughter Coco Arquette, 18, whom she shares with her ex-husband and former co-star David Arquette. DON'T MISS... A Place in the Sun’s Jasmine Harman details 'potentially fatal' issue [INSIGHT] BBC star Richard Osman slams 'pathetic' Gary Lineker MOTD decision [OPINION] Dan Walker aims dig at BBC as he brands Gary Lineker MOTD row 'a mess' [COMMENT] Courteney and David met and fell in love on the Scream set, but ended up filing for divorce in 2013, but have continued to work together in the franchise. However, David's character was killed off in the fifth Scream picture, leaving Courteney as the last member of the original cast to still be in Scream VI. Passing the torch to the new generation, she posed at the Scream VI premiere with its young stars Devyn Nekoda, Liana Liberato, Melissa Barrera and Jenna Ortega. Meanwhile, Neve Campbell, 49, who rose to fame through the slasher series in the 1990s, declined to be in Scream VI because of money.  Neve revealed in an interview with Deadline last year that she had turned down an offer to return for Scream VI because she felt her pay was insufficient. She said: "As a woman, I have had to work extremely hard in my career to establish my value, especially when it comes to Scream. "I felt the offer that was presented to me did not equate to the value I have brought to the franchise." Courteney has consequently had to make a Scream movie without Neve for the first time, and in a new Variety interview she said of the experience: "I missed working with her, but I’m going to support whatever she feels is right."