Crown Princess Mette-Marit greeted crowds outside the mental health conference in Gadermoen, Norway. The royal looked stunning in an outfit that seemed to pay tribute to her nation as she was adorned in red, white and blue - the colours of the Norwegian flag. Princess Mette-Marit stepped out today in a navy belted coat, a white blouse, and a pair of red trousers. Her outfit was simple but stylish, with a mixture of high street and designer pieces. The royal's coat was a chic number from Zara, called the Navy Belted Coat. The coat featured a lapel collar, long sleeves, and front patch pockets. It also had a loose belt, which could be tied around the middle to cinch in the waist. Mette-Marit has worn the coat numerous times in the past, including in October 2019, November 2019, February 2020, December 2020, October 2021, November 2021, April 2022, and November 2022. The coat is no longer available to buy on the Zara website, but there are similar versions on offer for £149. Underneath the coat, Mette-Marit donned a Navy Sleeveless Coat by Marni. This is a waistcoat-like garment which the royal has worn many times in the past. The royal matched this with a white Hugo Boss "Banora" Blouse, which is still available to buy on the Zalando website for £239.  DON'T MISS: TK Maxx plans huge expansion with 28 new shops in UK [RETAIL] Queen Letizia wows in green suit and £1,800 jewels [STYLE] Kate and William's 'intense' gesture means 'more than a hug'  [BODY LANGUAGE] Interestingly, other European royals own this blouse too. It has been seen on Queen Letizia, Princess Marie, and Crown Princess Mary. Mette-Marit wore the blouse earlier this week, on March 6 too, as well as on November 10, 2022. The royal combined the blouse with a pair of smart, slightly wide leg trousers from Gabriela Hearst. Called the "Vesta" Pants, they are no longer available to buy on the designer's website, but similar pairs of trousers are on offer. READ MORE: Mum hits back at backlash after she said her son goes to bed at 4:30pm Mette-Marit completed the look with a pair of black Louboutin heels and luxurious jewellery. Her dainty gold hoops featured a star-shaped centre and they were adorned with silver diamonds. They were by the jewellers Venyx World and cost a huge £3,360. Royal fans were quick to comment on Mette-Marit's look, and many liked it. Instagram user @ellainthecityboston wrote: "Very chic and true to Mette-Marit's style! The pants are fabulous!" User @1sarahsarah1 said: "My gorgeous sweetest Mette Marit. You look amazing. Woooow. I’m in love with your look." User @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "The double coat is kind of quirky and very cute cute. She's wearing the sleeveless one like a jacket because it's so lightweight. Beautiful lady." User @styledbybklyn added: "Kinda looked like a cape coat at first glance. Loved the outfit except for the layered coats."