The UK is set to be battered by the brutal "Arctic plunge" throughout most of this month with even more heavy snow on the way. The Met Office has issued yellow weather warnings for 10 regions until Friday morning, warning up to 15cm could be dumped on some regions in a matter of hours. But the latest weather maps from WXCHARTS indicate the freezing cold snap and bouts of heavy snow could continue as the start of spring approaches. The heavy snow will continue well into Thursday, with one map showing 13-21cm being dumped in an area between the North West and North East in England, increasing to a massive 21-28cm on Friday morning. Millions of other people will wake up to more snow, with up to 10cm showing in a region of northern England and 15cm in northern Wales, with the Midlands, London and southern England likely to receive a dusting. The threat of deep snow will continue into this weekend, with the weather maps showing a huge 17-27cm being dumped in an area between the North West and North East England in the early hours, with 6-7cm falling in the Midlands, Wales and Scotland. But this snow intensity rapidly spreads northwards into Scotland and later that evening, up to 28cm could accumulate in a northern area, while up to 12cm could fall in northern England. By next Wednesday, a huge accumulation of 36cm of snow is once again showing on one map in far northern Scotland, although all of the country could be covered in at least 5cm of snow. However, this heavy snow once again makes its way southwards that could see 16cm fall in the North East of England, 5cm in Wales and 2cm in the North West. Any hope of the snow disappearing is short-lived as the map once again turns icy white on March 18, with up to 11cm being dumped across a large region of Scotland and in the North East of England. By the first day of spring on March 20, the snow threat begins to subside, although up to 7cm could still fall in Central Scotland while later that week on March 23, much of the UK could still receive a dusting. READ MORE: Sunak wipes the floor with 'lefty lawyer' Starmer Temperatures are also set to plunge throughout much of this month, with lows of -9C showing in Northern England, along with -5C near Edinburgh, -7C in Northern Wales, -3C in the Midlands and below freezing around London on both Thursday and Saturday. But it could get even colder next week, with one weather map for Tuesday morning showing bitterly freezing lows of between -11C and -13C covering a large stretch of Scotland, and just slightly lower at -10C in northern England. This bitterly cold snap continues into next Wednesday, with possible lows of -10C in Scotland as the rest of the UK weather map turns icy blue that could see the mercury struggling to get above freezing. The Arctic freeze will continue to linger and could make an unwelcome return on March23, with one weather map showing lows of -9C in northern Scotland, -4C in Wales and -1C across much of England. DON'T MISS:  Archie Harrison takes Prince title as Harry and Meghan deliver update [LATEST] Charles, William and Kate snub invite to Lilibet's christening [REPORT] Fury at plan to house migrants in 'inhumane' RAF base [INTERVIEW] Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Helen Caughey said: "Through Thursday and Friday the snow risk spreads, to central and northern areas of the UK. "Parts of Northern Ireland, Wales and northern England are expected to see the worst of the conditions develop from early on Thursday, with parts of Scotland and northern England then seeing snow arrive through Thursday afternoon. "Snow across the northern half of the UK will persist through much of Friday, while further south, any snow will turn back to rain through Thursday afternoon and evening. "Strong winds are also expected to develop through Thursday and Friday which may create drifting snow and blizzard conditions in places." BBC Weather warned "disturbed weather" will continue through next week, adding: "Temperatures will come down a little on average, teetering between mild air from the south and chilly air from the north. "This will be due to persistent high pressure to the north of the UK and low pressure broadly to the west and south. "A cold front passing southeastwards should introduce some colder air around Tuesday and Wednesday with a scattering of rain, sleet and snow showers and sunshine in between. "Most of these will be across the northwestern UK because of west to northwesterly winds, with further snow accumulations likely in western Scotland especially. Showers in the southern parts of the UK will be mostly of rain. "After midweek, further Atlantic systems are expected to bring bands of rain interspersed with showers, and any snow should be confined to northern Scotland. "Temperatures should be near seasonal, although on average possibly slightly below in the north and slightly above in the south. There is a chance of slightly colder air coming back later in the week, with wintry showers possible a bit further south."