Melania Trump had left fans guessing where she was after failing to appear alongside Donald Trump at recent events and not posting to her social media in months. The wife of the billionaire and former model had not been by Donald's side since New Year's Eve when he held a party at his Florida home of Mar a Lago. The former president announced his bid to run again in November 2022 when he said: "In order to make America great and glorious again, I am tonight announcing my candidacy for president of the United States." In the long-awaited announcement The Apprentice star, who has been impeached twice, went on: "America’s golden age is just ahead." On New Year's Eve, Melania smiled by Donald's side as he addressed his campaign in front of friends and family, including legal adviser Rudy Giuliani. READ MORE: Man behind Melania's hat was paid at least $132K by Trump PAC last year He told reporters at the event: "We need a strong border and we need it now. We also have to bring back the economy...with inflation destroying our country." But Melania has not been spotted in public since the event. While Donald has attended events, most recently including a trip to East Palestine, Ohio, Melania has been nowhere in sight. However, she delighted fans by breaking her months-long social media hiatus with a message for International Women's Day. Melania took to Twitter to celebrate International Women's Day. She wrote: "On International Women's Day, we are reminded that all women have unique gifts to share with the world, and we must lift each other up to achieve our collective goals and dreams." The message, while innocuous, proved divisive. Many vocalised strong support for the former-First Lady. Twitter user Annie said: "You are a role model for many young women today. Thank you for your intellect, strength, poise, and grace. #FirstLady2024." Cecelia Weller wrote: "Love you Melania! Proud of everything you do!" Another wrote: "I know you will be an even better & awesome First Lady the second time around!" Don't miss... The strange Melania Trump IQ rumour fooling fans [INSIGHT] Fans complain they 'never see' Melania as she fails to join Trump [ANALYSIS] Melania leaves Donald Trump to campaign alone amid Ivanka row claims [SHOCK] But not everyone approved of the message. One person who was not a fan of the former-First Lady, Pat, said: "You are everything I don't want my daughter or granddaughter to become. Another female Twitter user, Jo-Anne Barden agreed, simply writing: "Exactly." User Gail Gullottin addressed the debate over women's federal rights to reproductive healthcare, and demanded to know: "And where do you stand on a woman's right to choose?" While Melania has not spoken publically about her stance on abortion, her husband had. Donald Trump has expressed support for banning abortion, except in cases of rape, incest, or danger to the mother's life. In an interview in January this year, Trump told Real America's Voice: "Nobody has ever done more for Right to Life than Donald Trump. "I put three Supreme Court justices, who all voted, and they got something that they’ve been fighting for 64 years, for many, many years." A number of other Twitter users responded with images of Melania wearing the now-infamous "I really don't care, do u?" coat. The controversy-sparking outfit, with a statement written on the back, was worn by Mrs. Trump during a trip to a migrant child detention centre in June 2018. A few months later in an interview with ABC News, Melania clarified: "It's obvious I didn't wear the jacket for the children, I wore the jacket to go on the plane and off the plane. "It was for the people and for the left-wing media who are criticising me. I want to show them I don't care. You could criticise whatever you want to say. But it will not stop me to do what I feel is right."