Nothing better illustrates the public’s frustration with politicians than their failure to deliver on the promises that, once free of the EU and the free movement of people within it, the daily arrival on our shores of hundreds of people in rubber boats would stop. And if you want an issue that can be used to show that Rishi Sunak, who has a deserved reputation for his intellect and work ethic, but not for being an empathetic politician, recognises that frustration and wants to deal with it… stopping the boats is it. No matter that these people may be genuine asylum seekers, they have been trafficked by criminals who are making millions off the hopes of migrants desperate to start a new life in Britain. Some will have come all the way from Afghanistan where their lives will have been in real danger, but a good many have come from no further than Albania, and all of them will have travelled through safe, democratic European Union countries to get to the French coast from which, on a clear day, they can see England. Politics is as often as much about the message as it is about the product. In the past we have heard confused messages and seen little action. I can readily understand the political imperative for the Government as a whole and for the Prime Minister in particular to be seen to be doing something about the boats. They are on our news bulletins every day and they are seen as an affront to so many whose taxes have been spent on housing and caring for those whose human rights seem to take priority over the needs and interests of our own people. But we are entitled to ask the obvious follow up question. It is all very well sending out a message that we will come down hard on illegal immigration, that we will destroy the human traffickers’ business model, or that we will remove or drastically curtail the legal rights of anyone arriving here illegally. But tough talk is not enough. It may not even help at all. What is the Government going to do which will have a direct and practical effect? This Friday the Prime Minister is meeting the French President. Although it often does not appear this way, the French are as frustrated as we are by the thousands of people travelling through their country and camping on their north coast. France is within the Schengen area and thus must allow free movement of people from other EU countries. Although it requires effort and determination, it is not all that difficult to travel from Greece or southern Italy to northern France. We can see that from the numbers waiting to cross the Channel and arriving in England. So if we are to have a new law, we also need willingly and actively to cooperate with our neighbours. Hurling abuse at the “feeble French” for not arresting people on the beaches, for not prosecuting the human traffickers, for not turning round the boats within their territorial waters, has joined the other traditional insults we throw across the English Channel. They have not done any good. Yes, we have provided money and personnel to assist in policing the French coast but, like the new law, it is not enough on its own. The EU and the UK have a shared interest in dealing with the traffickers and the illegal migrants. We have a shared humanitarian interest in providing safe haven to refugees fleeing persecution and death. So let us, starting this Friday, encourage the Prime Minister to do what he did with the EU in relation to the Northern Ireland Protocol. He not only has the skills to negotiate without getting hysterical, bombastic or just plain rude, but also the vision to be able to see that the boats, and all that they represent, are not just a problem for the UK. A problem shared is a problem, if not solved at once, at least much reduced. If Albanians, the second largest cohort on the boats after the Afghans, are coming all the way to Britain to wash cars in vacant lots, would we (and they) not be better off if we spent the billions we will spend on detention camps and on resisting legal challenges on developing the Albanian economy? Building schools, universities and businesses in the Balkans with the EU looks like a better investment than camps and lawyers.