The Aaron Rodgers trade saga continues to rumble on as reports surface on the changing landscape of his potential suitors. At the end of the Green Bay Packers’ season a long list of teams appeared to be in the running to secure the wantaway quarterback but, according to NBC Sports’ Peter King, the chasing pack has all but vanished. “The [New York Jets] could be convincing Rodgers that it’s probably the only place he can go,” King said on The Rich Eisen Show. “He’s very unlikely to go to Vegas. “I have not heard, and I talked to all the usual suspects in Indianapolis, and I’ve found nobody else who’s really chasing after Aaron Rodgers because people don’t want a short-term solution.” No matter the talent, or the off-field drama that has plagued the last few years with the Packers, at 39-years-of-age Rodgers is certainly a short-term fix at any potential landing spot. This development now leaves the four-time MVP in the unenviable decision of choosing between his current franchise and the AFC East’s Jets. Don't miss... Tom Brady tipped to reverse NFL retirement again despite £316m deal [LATEST] NFL Draft prospect tears ACL before setting bench press record [LATEST] Where to watch the 2023 NFL Draft as big trades expected [LATEST] Similarly for the Packers organisation, the lack of any market for the player is disappointing. They are stuck between an unhappy marriage with their ageing star, the willingness to promote his backup and, as a result, a lacklustre trade in a buyer's market. “I’m of the opinion that Jordan Love and Aaron Rodgers, one of them, is not going to be on the Green Bay Packers this year.” King added. “And I think the Packers would prefer that it’d be Rodgers that goes just like it was 15-years-ago this week that Brett Favre left the Green Bay Packers and Aaron Rodgers was anointed as a starter.” The Packers took a step closer to saying goodbye to the franchise great by giving him permission to speak to the Jets on Tuesday. This could signal the end of the trade saga as the Jets look to improve at the position with Zach Wilson suffering a difficult campaign last term. A deal for the future Hall of Famer will set the Jets back a little less than this time last year as the numbers on a Rodgers deal will need to be adjusted to adhere to the team’s salary cap. 