Securing a full state pension is key for millions of older people, and this typically hinges on National Insurance contributions. People usually pay National Insurance (NI) if they are 16 or over and either employed and earning above £242 a week, or self-employed and making a profit of more than £11,908 per year. This then translates to a state pension, paid out once a person reaches state pension age. James Jones-Tinsley, self-invested pensions technical specialist at Barnett Waddingham, explained the details to Express.co.uk. He said: “Currently, the state pension age is 66 for both men and women. “However, by April 2028, this will have increased to 67.” READ MORE: Pensioners warned many are ‘in the dark’ about £3,500 income boost Increases to the state pension age should mean Britons have more time to build up the necessary National Insurance contributions for a full state pension. Mr Jones-Tinsley continued: “Over 65s should be aware that regardless of the age they retire, they will need at least 35 ‘qualifying years’ to receive their full state pension. “A qualifying year is defined as when an individual either pays full rate National Insurance contributions or is in receipt of National Insurance credits. “For example, this can include carers and those on certain family and sickness benefits. DON'T MISSPensioners set to ‘suffer most’ as energy price cap set at £3,280 [UPDATE]State pension boost may be available for Britons aged 45 to 70 [INSIGHT]Pensions vs ISA - which is best for retirement [ANALYSIS] “If you have fewer than 35 qualifying years, you will receive a lower amount of state pension.” However, it is likely many people are unsure as to whether they have the National Insurance contributions required for a full state pension. Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. But according to the expert, uncertain individuals will be able to take action when it comes to the state pension. READ MORE: Santander announces savings interest rate increases Mr Jones-Tinsley added: “If you’re unsure if you have the minimum required qualifying years, it’s possible to apply for a state pension forecast. “This will help you to see how much your state pension might be when you reach your state pension age. “It is also possible to check what your actual state pension age is via the Government website. “If your state pension forecast suggests you might not receive the full amount, it may be possible for you to pay extra National Insurance contributions, to get a higher amount of state pension.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea It is worth noting a vital deadline is looming for those who want to fill National Insurance gaps and potentially boost their state pension. Usually, it is only possible to fill gaps in an NI record up to six years after the year in question. However, Britons have until April 5, 2023 to go back an extra 10 years in efforts to boost their eventual state pension. The concession is being made available for this limited time to allow a filling of historical gaps back to 2006/07. Paying voluntary contributions will not always benefit Britons. As a result, it is vital for individuals to contact the Future Pension Centre before they make any voluntary contributions. The centre will be able to tell Britons if paying extra will increase their state pension entitlement, and can be contacted on 0800 731 0175.