The BBC is set to run a ‘much reduced’ day of sports coverage as the corporation’s row with Gary Lineker and its most high-profile sports presenters enters a second day. Saturday’s Match of the Day was truncated to a farcical 20-minute highlights reel of the Premier League’s action with no studio presentation, analysis or commentary. Lineker was suspended by the BBC over a tweet in which he likened language used by government ministers concerning refugees to 1930s Nazi Germany. He was stood down from hosting Match of the Day, prompting an array of presenters, pundits and commentators to boycott their respective BBC sporting programmes. At least two BBC shows are set to be affected on Sunday as the chaos enters a second day. Coverage of the top-of-the-table Women’s Super League clash between Chelsea and Manchester United will feature no presentation or punditry. The programme, which is scheduled for BBC2, will simply show the match without any of the usual analysis. It will rely on world feed commentary. Later in the evening, Match of the Day 2 will follow the same format as Saturday’s Match of the Day. Former Tottenham striker Jermain Defoe became the latest pundit to pull out of a show when he announced that he would be joining the boycott, which was led by Ian Wright and Alan Shearer. Don't miss... Gary Lineker 'to triple wages to £4m' with ITV poised to make offer [LATEST] "It’s always such a privilege to work with BBC MOTD,” Defoe posted. “But tomorrow I have taken the decision to stand down from my punditry duties." It comes the morning after BBC director-general Tim Davie insisted he would not resign over the episode. In a remarkable interview with his own corporation’s news channel, the 55-year-old apologised to licence fee payers for the lack of sport coverage, which also saw Football Focus and Final Score cancelled on Saturday. “We are working very hard to resolve the situation and make sure we get output back on-air,” Davie told BBC News. Don't miss... Gary Lineker set to win BBC row and return to Match of the Day [LATEST] Gary Lineker will return to Match of the Day says son George [INTERVIEW] Lineker 'wanted by new sports channel' as BBC may lose England hero [GOSSIP] “I don’t want to go into too much detail about the discussion. Gary Lineker is a superb broadcaster, the best in the business, that’s not in debate. He is an outstanding broadcaster and success for me is Gary gets back on-air.” The BBC hopes that an agreement can be reached with Lineker over his social media use, with the Mail claiming on Sunday morning that the Beeb are likely to perform a U-turn and allow the 62-year-old to return to his Match of the Day duties. The former England striker’s son, George, told the Mirror that he believes his father will be back hosting Match of the Day. However, Lineker was never meant to feature on next weekend’s episode of the Premier League highlights show. Express Sport understands that Mark Chapman - who pulled out of his Radio 5 Live slot on Saturday - had long been pencilled in to anchor. BBC bosses feel that a Lineker tweet strongly critical of the government's small boats policy breached its guidelines on impartiality. Condemning the policy, which bars individuals arriving in small boats from claiming asylum, the 62-year-old compared language used by ministers to that of Nazi Germany. Hitting out at the Illegal Migration Bill, Lineker wrote: "This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the '30s, and I'm out of order?" Lineker's words caused fury among Tory MPs and commentators. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt urged the BBC to restore public confidence in its impartiality. Hunt said on Sunday: “The reason that it is a great national institution that we all treasure so much is because it is respected for impartiality, so we need to make sure that what comes out of this is that people’s confidence in the impartiality of the BBC is restored.”