Mindless vandals damaged a beloved statue of Captain Mainwaring at a Dad's Army museum. The glasses on the depiction of the iconic sitcom character have been squashed and Dad's Army Museum faces a hefty bill to repair the exhibit. It was erected in 2010 at the centre in Thetford, Norfolk, where most of the programme was filmed, and is said to attract thousands of visitors into the town every year.The attraction, which celebrates the sitcom and is run by volunteers said: "The museum is disappointed to confirm that the glasses on the Mainwaring statue have been damaged."We are hoping to get them repaired very soon."The museum and residents in the town are leading a campaign to raise funds to help cover the costs of the work. A fundraising webpage reads: "During the course of the last week he has suffered at the hand of vandals, who have attempted to squash his glasses."Despite the valiant attempts of a passer-by to push them back into shape, they still don’t look as they should and the museum is now faced with a large bill to rectify the damage."He is a big part of Thetford and brings thousands of visitors into the town every year."Don’t panic!"We are looking to raise the funds to replace the existing set and possibly order a spare pair in case of any other future mishaps!"This is where you all come in! We need the help of our followers to raise the necessary funds. Please dig deep, spread the word, and help restore our beloved Captain Mainwaring to his former glory." A Norfolk Police spokesman said: "Norfolk Constabulary received a report of criminal damage in Thetford on March 1 2023. "The investigation is currently ongoing." The museum will need to get a new set of glasses, made of bronze, moulded for the statue. The old glasses will be sent to and from a specialist in London so the new ones can be recreated. Stuart Wright, chairman of Dad's Army Museum, told Express.co.uk: "It could cost between £1,000 to £2,000 all told with the materials, labour and train journeys. "It needs a whole new set of glasses, which are made of bronze. The specialist will take the old glasses to create another set and so it will fit. "We have reported it to the police and they are investigating. There is CCTV in the area, but although the statue belongs to us, it is in a public place outside the museum. Police won't be able to trawl through hours and hours of CCTV and can't give it to us so the CCTV won't help. "It needs investigating though so I hope the police can put some time towards it. It would send the right message that this is unacceptable behaviour and hopefully deter others from doing this sort of thing."  Captain Mainwaring, portrayed by Arthur Lowe in the sitcom which ran from 1968 to 1977, is the Home Guard platoon commander in the fictional seaside town of Walmington-on-Sea during World War Two. Known for his catchphrases including "You stupid boy", he was ranked 21st on Channel 4's list of the 100 Greatest TV Characters in a 2001 poll. The sitcom, created and written by Jimmy Perry, ran for nine series and 80 episodes in total. 