Tottenham are in turmoil after their scout Jeff Vetere was discovered to be a mole who was leaking information about transfer targets on TV. Vetere has now resigned from his role at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium before being pushed, despite the fact he only joined the club last September. According to the Daily Mail, the Tottenham directors were enraged after Luton-born Vetere appeared on Colombian show Win Sports TV during a scouting mission in the South American country and revealed Spurs were targeting 22-year-old Nacional goalkeeper Kevin Mier. Spurs chiefs were astounded that Vetere had been speaking about players he liked and those the club were looking at. His conduct was deemed to be unprofessional by the Tottenham board as he was openly discussing the inner workings of the club’s scouting department and a formal meeting was called to review his probationary period. But before that process was over, the 57-year-old resigned. Sources have revealed to the Mail that Vetere would have been told to leave Tottenham anyway, with some staff at the club said to have welcomed his departure as he was not popular and was said to have ‘rubbed many people up the wrong way’. JUST IN: Tottenham strike F1 partnership with mission to achieve Hamilton dream “I see a goalkeeper who does not lack anything to cross the pond,” Vetere said as he spoke about Mier. “We are looking because it is our task to see who the best youngsters are for international football. “Taking advantage of my stay in Colombia, I took the opportunity to go there (Nacional) and meet a goalkeeper who is important to me. I think he’s going to play for the national side soon. He has things, for me, they are not normal for a boy of his age. I was surprised by his confidence and his handling of the ball.”  Vetere landed his role at Spurs due to his close relationship with sporting director Fabio Paratici. He had been out of work since being sacked as Birmingham’s director of football in 2018 after less than a year in the job. Vetere has been employed by a whole host of clubs and coached at Luton and Rushden & Diamonds in the late 1990s. He worked at Charlton, before being taken to West Ham by Alan Curbishley. Vetere was then snapped up by Real Madrid in 2007 but soon left to join Newcastle as technical co-ordinator. He was later handed the role of chief scout at Aston Villa under Gerrard Houllier but left after only three months. 