Max Verstappen has opened up on the ‘tough relationship’ with his F1 rival Charles Leclerc that caused the duo to clash early on in their racing journeys. The Red Bull star is the overwhelming favourite to claim his third consecutive world title this season, while Ferrari’s Leclerc will be desperate to close the gap on the Dutchman ahead of lights out at the Bahrain Grand Prix this weekend. Leclerc looked set to mount a title challenge early last season before dominant Red Bull took complete control with Verstappen sealing a record 15 race wins. Ferrari’s technical and strategic errors rendered some thrilling early battles between the duo as ultimately insignificant as Red Bull cruised to championship glory. But Verstappen has been wheel-to-wheel with Leclerc in the bright lights of F1, and has explained how the pair’s relentless desire to win resulted in a fractious relationship during their karting days. "Charles (Leclerc) and I had a tough relationship to start with in go-karting,” Verstappen explained, in an interview with the Daily Mail. “The beautiful thing is Charles is also someone who will never give up. JUST IN: Verstappen gives his take on Hamilton's age and how it affects title “That’s why we initially clashed quite a bit. We were both fighting at the front and wanted to win. And at that time we weren’t really communicating because we were young, in our teens. “But over time our relationship has grown and we really respect each other. We sometimes see each other in Monaco, in a restaurant or wherever.” Leclerc could be the main challenger to Verstapppen this year in his pursuit of a third world crown. And the Dutchman was effusive in his praise of the Ferrari driver ahead of the new season. “Charles has always been fast over one lap,” he added. “He can put everything together. He is not afraid, either. He is happy wrestling the car. It doesn’t matter if it snaps out a bit. He has confidence in his ability and that’s what makes a great F1 driver.” Verstappen, however, has already sent an ominous warning to Leclerc and his other rivals on the grid, suggesting that Red Bull will be even stronger in 2023. The 25-year-old has claimed that the car has improved in all areas following a trouble-free testing session in Bahrain. When asked where last year’s dominant RB18 improved, he said: “Everywhere. That’s the aim I mean you always try and improve it. It feels nice, well balanced of course and every team of course lost a bit of performance with the floor but you always try and gain it back in a way. So you have to of course find a new balance with the car but it’s been good."