The ban on sales of new petrol and diesel models is due to come into place in 2030 with new hybrids not being banned until 2035. There are currently no plans for a complete ban on petrol and diesel cars. However, according to Dorry Potter, an expert at National Scrap Car, "it’s always hard to know if these targets will be met and if the ban will go ahead". Ms Potter added: "You will still be able to buy both petrol and diesel long after the new car ban is brought in so drivers who don’t want to make the switch will still continue to buy petrol and diesel cars on the second-hand market." The expert also warned that "most drivers lack confidence that the Government will be able to create sufficient infrastructure for the transition to completely electric vehicles by 2035". Ms Potter explained: "According to a study by the Royal Society of Chemistry, drivers still don’t feel like they have enough information to make an informed decision about electric cars and whether they should choose one as their next car. READ MORE: 'Use VED to push car buyers' towards electric cars "A lot of drivers are put off EVs due to the upfront cost being a lot more expensive. "However, despite having a bigger upfront cost, if you're thinking long-term, then you’ll reap the benefits of purchasing and driving an electric car. "EVs are a lot cheaper to run, which potentially adds up to large savings over time, so the Government needs to do a lot more in educating motorists." The study carried out by the Royal Society of Chemistry showed that almost two-thirds (63 percent) of UK drivers are not confident that the UK Government is able to create a sufficient infrastructure for there to be a smooth transition to fully electric vehicles by its own deadline of 2035. DON'T MISS Elderly motorists offered course to brush up on driving laws [INSIGHT] Electric car owners can save £600 a year despite rising bills [REVEAL] Electric scooters could 'catch fire or explode' if not used properly [WARNING] Despite the UK Government’s plans to end the sale of new petrol and diesel cars by 2030 – and end the sale of new hybrid cars by 2035 - over a third (34 percent) do not intend to purchase a fully electric vehicle in the next decade. Crucially, however, almost half (46 percent) did not feel they had enough information to make an informed decision about whether their next car or van should be a fully electric vehicle or not. In spite of growing momentum behind the movement to reduce carbon emissions, the findings identified resistance to total EV adoption, driven by concerns over the environmental impact of inadequate battery recycling, continued issues with range and an overall lack of accessible information. President Professor Tom Welton said: “After we heard that the Government is delaying its Electric Vehicle Infrastructure Strategy, this research shows there is much work to be done to fully convince the public at large of the merits of switching to fully electric vehicles – but more pressingly, that efforts to deliver critical infrastructure for both charging and recycling EV batteries should be a Government priority. READ MORE: What March number plate changes mean for drivers and their cars "We must improve the flow of information around the Government’s plans for transitioning to an entirely electric vehicle network, the ecosystem to support this, and electric vehicles capabilities, all of which can help drivers to make informed purchasing decisions. “We need to ensure adequate funding to enhance battery technology, both in use and at end of life. "Not only will this ensure EVs go further and last longer, but it will lower the cost of grid electricity storage so we can better integrate renewable energy into the power system.” Well over a third (40 percent) of drivers expressed concerns that EVs might have a negative impact on the environment, over half of whom (57 percent) worry there may be a lack of recycling options for electric vehicle batteries, and 55 percent of whom are concerned by a shortage of the natural resources used to produce the batteries for EVs. Meanwhile, a quarter (26 percent) of respondents who didn’t already own a full EV would feel more compelled to buy one by its ability to have a reduced impact on the environment. This follows a third of all respondents (32 percent) stating they were unlikely to consider purchasing an EV upon learning that their batteries contain increasingly scarce and precious elements and that these batteries are difficult and energy-intensive to recycle, currently requiring them to be sent abroad. Almost two-thirds (63 percent) would also support the UK Government providing funding for businesses to improve recycling facilities in the UK for used electric vehicle batteries. Professor Welton continued: “In the decades to come we will have mountains of lithium-ion batteries that need recycling and we simply must not waste these valuable resources – for environmental and economic reasons. EV batteries contain precious elements such as lithium, cobalt, and nickel – right now we should be planning how to keep reusing these limited resources and minimise the environmental impact of mining. “It is easy to think of EVs and petrol vehicles purely in black and white terms, but in reality, propulsion technology in any form will make some form of environmental impact at some point in its life cycle – from manufacturing to disposal. There is a huge opportunity for us to significantly decrease this impact by enhancing the sustainability of this technology at the design phase. Crucially, that should be accompanied by an increase in funding to prepare recycling infrastructure to process these materials here in the UK.”