Prince Edward originally met Sophie Wessex in 1987 when she was working at Capital Radio. However, the duo did not start dating for another six years, beginning their relationship in 1993.  The Earl and Countess of Wessex tied the knot at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle on June 19, 1999. To celebrate Prince Edward’s 59th birthday today, fine jewellery experts at UK retailer Steven Stone have taken a close look at the exquisite necklace and matching earrings that Edward gifted to Sophie on their wedding day. Zack Stone, a jewellery expert, told Express.co.uk: “The unsung hero of style, Sophie Wessex stunned on her wedding day and we couldn’t take our eyes off her necklace and earrings. "Designed by Prince Edward himself, both pieces combine white and black pearls, with the necklace featuring a bold cross pendant."  READ MORE: Queen Camilla has 'awkward' interaction with a royal fan - claims The expert expanded on why pearls are so sentimental for members of the Royal Family. He added: "Pearls have always had a connection with royalty and Kate Middleton, Princess Anne and Camilla are regularly seen sporting the radiant gemstone. "The matching pieces were made by Asprey and Garrard, which adds to the sentimental value. "This is because they were also responsible for Sophie’s engagement ring, a trilogy ring worth £105,000.    Don't miss... Fergie 'shuts down when asked about Harry and Meghan' - claims [LATEST] Inside Meghan and Harry's home where 'Princess Lilibet' was christened [PROPERTY] Princess Charlene dons 'dusty blue' Akris suit - 'looks very chic' [STYLE] "The ring features a two-carat central oval diamond, flanked by two smaller heart-shaped diamonds."  The expert gave a rough estimate of how much Sophie's wedding jewellery is worth. Mr Stone claimed: "I’d estimate Sophie’s wedding necklace to be worth £30,000 and the matching earrings to be worth an additional £5,000.” Sophie, who always sets the fashion scene, donned a Samantha Shaw coat-style wedding dress in 1999 with over 325,000 pearls and crystal beads.   Some of these jewels bordered the V-neck, cuffs, and skirt and others were scattered throughout the material. The Countess of Wessex accessorised with a full-length silk tulle and crystal veil, as is expected at royal weddings. This veil was secured in place by her stunning diamond tiara, the Anthemion tiara. This tiara has links to Queen Victoria's reign. The four anthemion elements of the tiara were originally alternative pieces from Queen Victoria’s Regal Circlet, which were reworked into a new tiara.   This made it a very special piece of jewellery for Sophie because it was specially designed for her, as opposed to most royal tiaras which were taken from the private royal collection. The Countess's wedding tiara, therefore, worked as her “something old” as well as her “something new”. By adding a fresh row of diamonds to the tiara's ring along the hairline, Sophie has given the diadem her own distinctive touch. Since it holds such sentimental value to Sophie, she has worn it repeatedly since her wedding, including at a number of royal weddings in Europe.  