Gary Lineker, 62, has become embroiled in a huge debate over the BBC's impartiality after he was told to step back from Match of the Day regarding a recent Twitter message. His son, George, 31, has now spoken out about the recent events, sharing his father's "passion" for helping refugee charities while also setting the record straight on his Match of the Day return. George spoke to The Mirror about his father, saying on the matter: "Dad is a good man, a good human, and I'm proud of him for standing by his word. "That's why he was pulled off the show - because he wouldn't apologise. But he will always speak up for people who don't have a voice. "He is passionate about helping refugee charities - he took in two refugees who he is still in touch with and trying to help. "It means a lot to him to stand up for people whose only hope is to escape a country with only the clothes on their backs. That's why he's been so firm." READ MORE: Bruce Willis' wife chokes up as she talks his 'horrific' health battle George ended the interview by setting the record straight on whether he believed his dad would return to Match of the Day. He concluded: "Will he go back to Match of the Day? I think so - he loves Match of the Day. But he won't ever back down on his word." The ex-striker has been hauled to task by BBC bosses over a Twitter message in which he compared language around the government's immigration policy to that of 1930s Germany. According to reports, when Gary refused to make a "humiliating apology" he was pulled off the air, leaving bosses scrambling for a replacement. The Twitter message in question read: "There is no huge influx. "We take far fewer refugees than other major European countries. "This is just an immeasurably cruel policy directed at the most vulnerable people in a language that is not dissimilar to that used by Germany in the ’30s." Gary is yet to publicly address the news, but on Thursday he thanked his fans for their ongoing support. DON'T MISS... Olivia Newton-John's daughter still speaks to late mum 'every day' [INSIGHT] Courteney Cox's eyebrows are falling out after 'overmedicated' issue [HOLLYWOOD] Cher and new toyboy share a kiss in PDA-filled red carpet debut [PICS] He went on to say he was looking forward to presenting this weekend's Match of the Day. In view of his 8.7 million followers, he wrote: "Well, it’s been an interesting couple of days. "Happy that this ridiculously out of proportion story seems to be abating and very much looking forward to presenting @BBCMOTD on Saturday. "Thanks again for all your incredible support. It’s been overwhelming." (sic) Gary's co-host Ian Wright has also pulled out of hosting Match of the Day. "Everybody knows what Match of the Day means to me, but I’ve told the BBC I won’t be doing it tomorrow. Solidarity," he wrote on Twitter. Match of the Day ran on Saturday night for a shorter 20-minute show. The BBC was left to announce it would air the show without presenters or pundits, but even after they were hit by the withdrawal of their core of match commentators, the players' union confirmed Premier League players wouldn't be doing interviews.