The former Countdown star was invited onto the latest instalment of This Morning to discuss news headlines with hosts Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary. However, fans of the ITV show were left distracted by the 62-year-old's figure-hugging outfit during the segment.   Carol donned a bright red fitted turtle neck jumper paired with tight red trousers which were tucked into high-heeled white leather boots. She accessorised the outfit with a gold bracelet and wore her golden locks down and wavy, with a middle parting. The television personality had smokey eye make-up with nude lipstick and bronzed cheeks. As she discussed the latest headlines which caught Alison's attention, This Morning fans flocked to Twitter to compliment Carol's attire. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail   Shine penned: "@Carolvorders body is amazing! She looks great. Go, Carol! #ThisMorning." Morgan added: "Carol dressed like a power ranger is a serve #ThisMorning." Darren Bellis commented with a heart emoji: "Carol Vorderman on This Morning as Penelope Pitstop."   @DickTurpinIII remarked: "Has there been a more dramatic transformation than Carol Vorderman? #ThisMorning." Lois quipped: "Stylist: 'Carol what would you like to wear today?' Carol: 'Can you make me look like a superhero?' #ThisMorning." (sic) One user called S penned: "How amazing does @carolvorders look on #ThisMorning?"   Don't miss... Carol Vorderman causes a stir in tight leather amid Countdown return [PICTURES] Carol Vorderman divides fans with eye-catching outfit [LATEST] Carol Vorderman's curves take centre stage in skintight gym outfit [LATEST]  During the segment, Carol was joined by LBC host Nick Ferarri as they discussed struggles within the NHS. New data suggests one in three NHS staff would be unhappy to have their relatives treated in the hospital where they worked, Alison explained. "This is really worrying, isn't it?" Alison said. "Can we trust our NHS to give our relatives decent care Carol?" Carol responded: "I've only just seen this and I was quite shocked by it."   "I think they are also very tired, these people have been through trauma," she continued. "Then there were the strikes... They are exhausted and they are on their knees. "For a lot of them, they said, the system and the tiredness are preventing them from doing their jobs." This Morning continues on weekdays from 10am on ITV and ITVX. 