Three people have been rushed to hospital and one other is missing after suspected gas explosion today. A house has been destroyed in the blast, which a fire service has declared a "major incident". Emergency services have urged members of the public to "avoid the area" following reports of a gas explosion in Swansea, south Wales. Residents across the city told how "windows shook" after the "loud explosion" was heard. Images from a drone near the area show significant damage to a property. Debris is pictured strewn across a residential road. A statement from South Wales Police said: "Emergency services are responding to an incident on the junction of Field Close and Clydach Road in Morriston. Please avoid the area whilst we deal with the incident." The force later added: "Three people have been taken to hospital by ambulance. One person is currently unaccounted for, and work is ongoing to locate them. "Two properties have been extensively damaged and other neighbouring properties have also been damaged. "A rest centre has been set up by the local authority to support those affected. This is an ongoing incident so more detail will be provided when we have a clearer picture. "A cordon remains in place and people are asked to avoid the area while the incident is ongoing. Clydach Road remains closed, and traffic is being diverted. "Our thoughts are with everyone who have been affected by this morning’s incident and we would like to thank the community for their support whilst this incident is ongoing."  Writing on Twitter, one city resident said: "I’m in Swansea Vale and it shook our window, a friend of mine heard it in Cimla." Another said: "That was an enormous loud bang." Speaking to Wales Online, one resident, who does not want to be named, said they "heard a bang, saw a gust of smoke and roof tiles from a house go up in the air". Alamgir Hossain, who lives opposite the scene, said: "Suddenly I heard a loud sound and we went out and then I saw a lot of damage to the house." Leanne Lewis, who was visiting her mother, said she ran outside when she heard the explosion and "saw all the debris". "There was dust rubble, and the glass in the windows next to the house were all blown. The noise was just horrendous and I thought there had been a big crash," she said. It has been reported that local residents ran to the aid of people caught up in the explosion. Two people were reportedly pulled from one of the properties. There is a large police presence at the scene which is near homes and businesses, Wales Online reports.  Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service said they were called to reports of a gas exploison at 11.20am. Crews from Morriston, Swansea West, Neath, Gorseinon and Port Talbot were called to an incident in Morriston following several reports of a gas explosion. A statement said: "As well as Fire and Rescue Service Crews, South Wales Police and the Welsh Ambulance Service are in attendance. South Wales Police have declared a major incident, no further information is available at this time. For more information, please contact South Wales Police."  A team of engineers has attended the scene. A spokesperson for Wales & West Utilities said: "We were called to reports of an explosion at a property in the Clydach Road area of Swansea this morning (13 March) and immediately sent a team of engineers. "On arrival, we found that there had been severe structural damage to the property and the emergency services were in control of the scene. We are now working with them to make the area safe – as we do on all incidents of this nature. "We do not yet know the cause of the explosion and our engineers will continue to support the emergency services as they carry out their work."  Leader of City & County of Swansea, Councillor Rob Stewart, tweeted: "My thoughts are with the residents at this moment from what looks like an extremely serious incident, as we try and establish if everyone is safe. Our teams are onsite and working with the emergency services." There is no confirmation that emergency services are dealing with a gas explosion but the team has been called to assist with the investigation.  