F1 fans have yearned for updates on Michael Schumacher's health since he tragically hit his head on a rock while skiing with his son, Mick, in 2013. The seven-time world champion was put in a medically-induced coma for more than six months and he now lives with his family in Switzerland, with only crumbs of information regarding his condition fed back to supporters in the nine years since. That being said, Express Sport takes you through everything we know about the sporting icon's health... Former F1 team boss Eddie Jordan, who gave Schumacher his debut in the sport, has provided the most recent update. The 76-year-old was banned from visiting his former driver last year but he has since revealed that Mick has made contact. In expressing gratitude towards Schumacher's son, Jordan also shed light on the retired star's condition by admitting that he is 'there but not there'. "As far as I'm concerned, I was touched by [Mick reaching out] and the reason I was touched by it was because it can't be easy knowing that your father is not able to be part of the family, he's there but he's not there," he told OLGB. DON'T MISS: Fernando Alonso dubbed 'Darth Alonso' by fans after scaring TV presenter with near miss  Mick himself has also spoken about his father's condition in the Netflix documentary, Schumacher. The 23-year-old, whose two-year stint in F1 recently came to an end, said: "I think dad and me, we would understand each other in a different way now. "We would have had much more to talk about and that is where my head is most of the time, thinking that would be so cool. I would give up everything just for that. These moments that I believe many people have with their parents are no longer present, or to a lesser extent." After banking his first F1 points at Silverstone last year, Mick revealed over the team radio that he had told his father he would 'prove them wrong and believe in himself'. Also included in the Netflix documentary was an update from Schumacher's wife, Corinna, who acknowledged that the 54-year-old is 'different'. "I miss Michael every day," she said. "But it's not just me who misses him. It's the children, the family, his father, everyone around him. "I mean, everybody misses Michael, but Michael is here. Different, but he's here and that gives us strength, I find. We try to carry on a family as Michael liked it and still does. And we are getting on with our lives. 'Private is private', as he always said. It is very important to me that he can continue to enjoy his private life as much as possible." "I miss Michael every day. But it's not just me who misses him. It's the children, the family, his father, everyone around him. "I mean, everybody misses Michael, but Michael is here. Different, but he's here and that gives us strength, I find. We try to carry on a family as Michael liked it and still does. And we are getting on with our lives. "Private is private', as he always said. It is very important to me that he can continue to enjoy his private life as much as possible.”  Jean Todt, who spent 13 years as Ferrari boss while Schumacher was in his pomp, revealed last year that he visits the family up to three times a week. "I'm happy that the fans, not only in Germany, think of him so much," he added. "People ask so much about Michael. The fans should know that he is in the best of hands." Todt also admitted that communication with Schumacher, who won five consecutive world titles with the Prancing Horse between 2000 and 2004, is 'not the same' as before his skiing accident.