Adding to the danger, some of the least known benefits are the most generous, new research shows. Among the over-65s, there is near-universal knowledge of popular benefits like the bus pass, free prescriptions and TV licences, and Winter Fuel Payments. Yet more valuable benefits are less well known, according to the Just Group State Benefits Index. The index showed that 95 percent of over 65s know about their free bus pass, which would save someone in London £932 a year compared to buying an annual bus and tram pass. A similar percentage knew they were eligible for free prescriptions. This saves £108.10 a year compared to buying the NHS Prescription Prepayment Certificate, which gives 12 months of free prescriptions. The higher rate Winter Fuel Payment is worth £300 a year. Low income pensioners aged 75 and over save £159 a year by getting a free TV licence. Another six pensioner benefits may be worth a lot more if you can claim but often go under the radar, said Stephen Lowe, group communications director at Just Group. Up to one in four has never heard of Pension Credit, Council Tax Reduction, Attendance Allowance, Personal Independence Payment, Housing Benefit, and Disability Living Allowance, which can be worth almost £5,000 a year in some cases. Lowe said pensioners must make sure they claim all their benefit entitlements, as not all are paid automatically. Family members, friends and neighbours should also make sure loved ones are getting maximum support. Here are six worth checking out, just in case.   Pension Credit. Almost one in four over-65 haven’t heard of this means-tested benefit that offers extra money to help with living costs for single people over state pension age on less than £182.60 a week, or couples on less than £278.70. Extra help may be available if you have a disability, care for someone, have savings or housing costs. You may even qualify even if you have other income, savings or own your home. Pension Credit is worth £3,380 on average but around £1.7billion is unclaimed each year, with 850,000 missing out. Lowe said Pension Credit is particularly important as it is the gateway to other benefits including the free TV licence, support with medical and heating costs. “Claimants qualify for additional government means-tested support, including the Energy Price Guarantee, so claim if you can.” Council Tax Reduction. This is marginally better known and worth £1,493 a year on average. Again, it’s aimed at those on a low income or on benefits, and can reduce Council Tax bills by up to 100 percent. Lowe said under-claiming is rife: “Nearly two-thirds of eligible pensioner homeowners failed to claim at an average annual loss of £1,003.” Attendance Allowance. One in five hasn’t heard of this benefit that helps with extra costs if you have a disability severe enough that you need someone to help look after you. Paid to those over state pension age who are either physically or mentally disabled. It does not cover mobility needs. Worth either £61.85 or £92.40 a week, depending on severity, with the higher rate adding up to £4,804.80 a year. READ MORE: PIP claimants may be eligible for discounted council tax  Personal Independence Payment. Known as PIP, this can help with extra living costs if you have a long-term physical or mental health condition or disability, and difficulty doing certain everyday tasks or getting around as a result. If you’re awarded PIP before you get to state pension age, you’ll continue to receive it afterwards, too. Otherwise pensioners should claim Attendance Allowance. That may explain why just half of over-65s know about it. It has four payment levels with the highest worth £92.40 a week, or £4,804.80 a year. Housing Benefit. This helps with rent if you’re unemployed, on a low income or claiming benefits. It’s being replaced by Universal Credit but pensioners can still make a new claim. It is worth on average £131.98 a week or £6,863 a year. One in five did not know about it. Disability Living Allowance. This is being phased out in favour of Attendance Allowance for pensioners and PIP for younger people. For those who still claim it’s worth £92.40 a week or £4,804.80 a year. Lowe urged pensioners to get independent and impartial guidance from the free government-backed Pension Wise service for the over 50s. Your local council can provide information on financial help to pay rent or Council Tax. Charities such as Citizens Advice and Age UK are also helpful. Government portal Gov.uk provides information on all these benefits, and also provides access to a range of benefit calculators. 