 The 62-year-old television star may not be guaranteed a future on Who Wants To Be A Millionaire?, but he evidently still has a devoted fanbase that isn’t going anywhere. A new study revealed that Jeremy was voted the sexiest male star in the UK, with a few other surprise names also being included on the top 10 list.   The Diddly Squat farmer seems to be nurturing a new type of attention since his Top Gear days, according to an interesting study conducted by Illicit Encounters. The leading affairs site revealed a poll that tracked the answers of 2,000 women as they rated the sexiness of their favourite male celebrities between one and 10. The total list reportedly featured 50 of the UK’s most famous and relevant male stars, and yielded some very surprising results. Jeremy topped the list with a comfortable average score of eight out of 10, with Gary Lineker coming out just slightly short to take second place. READ MORE: Piers Morgan stunned as King Charles 'throws Meghan and Harry out of Frogmore Cottage'  I’m A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! star and Royal Family member Mike Tindall grasped third with a smooth seven points. Hollywood heartthrob Ryan Reynolds fell in fourth, while money saving expert Martin Lewis, who has become a constant presence guiding people through the cost of living crisis in recent years, was a confident fifth. Sixth place was a shock joint-place between two very different stars: This Morning’s Dermot O’Leary and Nelson Mandela actor Idris Elba. Despite the top six, the 50-strong list featured famous faces from across a range of fields - not just television presenters and stars.    Spanish Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta placed ninth on the list, while Pimlico Plumbers founder Charlie Mullins finished off the list. However, the most surprising entrant may be the politician who fell in eighth place: Volodymyr Zelensky. In the Politicians’ list, the Ukrainian president topped the charts with former PM Boris Johnson ranking second, while his predecessor Rishi Sunak fell further down the list at eighth place. Prince Harry was seen at the bottom of the public figures’ tables while Piers Morgan fell to 17th on the general list.  Spokesperson Jessica Leoni noted that Mike’s iconic budgie smugglers may have helped his score in this year’s list. She said: “Appearing on I'm a Celeb in his undies obviously worked wonders for Mike Tindall." As for Jeremy’s surprising, yet convincing win, the spokesperson shared: “With the wax jacket and tweed shirt, clearly, Clarkson's bad boy farmer vibe is working for the over 30s. "Landing top spot in our table won't earn him diddly squat, but I'm sure it will give him bragging rights on the farm."  The new poll shared comes just days after Jeremy admitted he had been in some hot water with his girlfriend Lisa Hogan. In his column for The Sun, the TV presenter joked that the “cost-of-living crisis is really starting to bite” in Manchester as the girls in one restaurant “didn’t seem to be wearing anything at all”. He added he was simply “noticing” the trend when “Lisa, my other half, delivered a sharp kick under the table". The couple have been dating since 2017, when they first met through mutual friends at a party.