A dad has received high praise for his response to a teacher who asked for "proof" of his daughter's monthly period. The dad, from Indiana in the US, said his daughter returned home from school upset, claiming she had to participate in a PE lesson despite the pain caused by her period. A friend of his shared the letter he sent to educators which had asked her to "verify her condition." Posting on social media platform Reddit, a friend of the anonymous father disclosed the letter he wrote to her teacher. He said his daughter had told him he "needed to write a note to you verifying that she is menstruating". The dad added that, while his first thought was "to simply say, 'yes, she is indeed quite difficult to deal with this week'", he felt this was "chauvinistic". He also discounted "a simple, 'yes, she is on her period'", adding: "However, additional moments of thought on the topic made me realise that I was merely taking her word for it." He questioned why, if "her word was not good enough for PE class", her word "through me as a mediator would have any more validity".  The Redditor jokingly said he offered to "investigate" and determine if he "could verify this phenomenon was occurring". He told the teacher he started his investigation by "checking the trash cans in the bathroom". While he found evidence of "feminine hygiene products", he deemed the evidence "inconclusive" as he lived with three women. READ MORE: Fatty liver disease: People with irregular periods ‘may be at risk’ The dad continued, saying he found "no traces of a monthly visitor" when checking the dirty clothes hampers. He then joked that his wife caught him in the act, leaving him with no choice "but to explain what I was doing and why". He added: "She is a feminist and has been yelling stuff about the patriarchy for about 45 minutes now. "I keep hearing the word 'divorce' and the phrase 'moving out'." The dad closed his letter by recalling when his daughter asked him to buy tampons at 6am on a Sunday. He said she assumed she was "intending to use these for their designated purpose", but, again, joked this was "merely circumstantial evidence at best". Ultimately, he concluded that "short of holding her down and doing a visual inspection of her nether region" he did not know to "verify this for you". He concluded: "Can we both just agree to take her word for it so I don’t have to go through a divorce and a CPS [child protection services] investigation? Thank you for your consideration." Redditors loved the letter, with many praising the dad's direct approach to the absurd request. One wrote: "I need to save this in case my daughter grows up in the dystopian future we are currently heading towards." Another added: "I like your friend, that is some quality snark right there." But one questioned: "As funny as this is, did it get the point across? Or did the admins just shrug it off and keep requesting verification for periods? I don't think I could let it go with just a sarcastic note."