Reddit users have piled on a woman who refused to let a 17-year-old, who designed and made her dress, attend her wedding. A man posted the situation in the social media platform’s channel ‘AmITheA**hole’, stressing he was “very happy for” his sister and her husband-to-be. The original poster noted that during a family dinner where his future brother-in-law proposed, “my sister asked my son to make her wedding dress”. “My son has always loved design and fashion, he took technical courses in these areas and sewing, and even his friends keep asking for his clothes because they are so beautiful,” he said. “He agreed, but said that he needed time and that he would need her opinion constantly. “At first my sister was very annoying. My son drew about 50 dress designs in a month and she only liked one, which he continued with. “He sewed it with great quality fabric which I paid for as I wanted to get involved in a certain way. “For five months he made several adjustments to suit her wishes, as she always complained about something. After a while, he arrived at the final model and it was just amazing. “My mother cried seeing my sister in the dress and I confess that I almost got emotional too.” But things turned sour when in February, wedding invitations were set out to all expect for the son. “I thought maybe he didn't need one, but it still felt weird,” the poster said. “I messaged my sister raising this issue and she replied that she didn't want any underage people at her wedding because there would be alcohol. “I asked if she was going to make an exception for my son, but she cut me off and said no. ‘There are no children in our family, my son is the only minor, so I didn't see any sense in this rule for family members. “And to make matters worse, my son was very sad and cried because he spent months on this dress and couldn't go to the wedding. “I was very upset and told my sister that she should look for another dress as soon as possible, as she would no longer wear the one my son made. “She called and yelled at me, saying I was being unreasonable and that I couldn't do this.” READ MORE: Prince Harry's apology demand from brother and King 'delusional' The poster then said his mother asked him to deliver the dress, and that “the family is divided”. After asking the SubReddit “am I the a**hole?” the man was inundated with support. User Low-Wear-6259 said the man was not in the wrong, and added: “If she is willing to make an adult sized request of a 17 year old, she should be willing to accept him as an adult. “There is also no reason that a minor cannot attend a wedding with an open bar as everyone venue I looked at for my wedding, and ever open barred wedding I have attended, has had a bartender that checked ID’s.” Another user, Eadiacara, also said: OMG he MADE THE DRESS and wasn't invited!?!? And so close to 18 too ! Your sister is (the a**hole). “Also charge her for the dress, and make sure to account for time spent designing, too.’ More users chimed in, with TrelanaSakuyo saying the original poster is “not the a**hole but your sister definitely is”. “She doesn't want her almost adult nephew who designed and made her dress at her wedding because ... there would be alcohol?” they said. “I could understand if she didn't want to make an exception for a friend, or even a cousin. Making an exception for her only minor nephew, especially given that she could have pointed him out when people asked about the dress, would have been not only understandable but practically obligatory to anyone hearing about the circumstances. “I have to wonder if she was even planning on letting anyone know who was the designer and tailor of the dress.” User rezdogs870 simply said the son “should go, and wear the dress”. In an update, the original poster said he took the responders advice and talked to his son about selling the dress at market price. “He calculated the price of everything and the value was quite high,” he said. “We sent the proposal to my sister and she hated it. She said she couldn't afford it because it was too expensive and it should be a gift because ‘she is family’. “I responded by saying that it was too easy to say she was family to get a free dress, but not enough to include my son. “She cried on the call and begged me not to ruin her day, but I didn't call because that to me was bulls***. “At no point did she offer to just let my son go or apologise for it. And for anyone who said that maybe she's homophobic, I'm not sure, but I think who could be influencing her is her fiancé who is a Christian and has never been close to my son. “However, I don't care if he's doing it or not. If she wants to exclude my son from this event then she will also be cutting ties with me." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews