Manchester United star Casemiro has been warned that he could face further suspensions this season if he does not change his tackling technique, in contrast to Erik ten Hag’s claim following the Brazilian’s red card in the Red Devils’ goalless draw at home to Southampton on Sunday. The 29-year-old had his foul on Carlos Alcaraz upgraded from a yellow to a red card by VAR and now faces four games on the sidelines. Casemiro’s second red card ensures he will miss games against Fulham, Newcastle, Brentford and Everton but Ten Hag hit out at the officials post-game as he defended his midfield general and claimed that he is a “very fair player” despite the red card. "Casemiro played over 500 games in Europe and never once got a red card," Ten Hag told Sky Sports on Sunday. "Now he has two in the Premier League. His absence is not the issue. We will deal with that. This game was influenced by the referee. “The referees came into the season with a policy, that we are the Premier League, we want intensity and we want to go strong. Casemiro has played 500 games in Europe and never had a (straight) red card, and now he has two. He plays tough but fair. JUST IN Man Utd could sign 'best defender in the world' for just £43m [TRANSFERS] “Of course, it looks bad when you freeze the frame but everyone who knows something about football know what is bad and what is fair. I tell you Casemiro is a very fair player.” However, Arsenal icon Martin Keown has disagreed with Ten Hag and insists that Casemiro needs to change his technique in the tackle or he will risk further suspensions in the future. “I thought that it was a sending off and I think that’s down to the technique of tackle,” Keown told talkSPORT. “As a tackler, that was my game as a contact defender, I went into a tackle on my side and for anyone listening, if you look at Casemiro he went in on his backside. Don't miss... Man Utd owners the Glazers scaling back spending on NFL franchise [TAKEOVER] Pogba's petty Man Utd remarks backfire after ruthless Ten Hag decision [LATEST] Casemiro in danger of devastating third Man Utd ban after Saints red [REACTION] “When you go in on your backside your foot has to come up and okay he wins the ball, but his studs are showing, his foot comes up above the ball and catches the opponent. If he tries to slide in on his side with a different technique he can pinch that ball and not injure his opponent. “That, for me, has crept into the game. You see a lot of it now of people leaping into a challenge and I know it looks worse in slow-mo and I would like the PGMOL to look at it that the final thing he sees when he goes pitchside is the action played at full speed. “You can’t get hurt when you go in like that. You’re protecting yourself and endangering your opponent. Change your technique, go in off your side. Slide in off your hip, it’s a different technique and the modern-day player seems to go in on their backside and what happens is you fall back and it brings your legs up and so his foot is going to rise if he takes that technique going into tackles.” Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE. 