Police are investigating a clash which reportedly occurred just hours before the deadly car crash, leaving three dead and two seriously injured, a friend has revealed. The altercation is believed to have taken place at Trecco Bay caravan park in Porthcawl, where the group of friends travelled to after leaving the Muffler nightclub on Friday night. The group of friends had been on a night out in Newport, Wales, when the car veered off the A48 into trees. Eve Smith, 21, Darcy Ross, 21 and Rafel Jeanne, 24, died after their Volkswagen Tiguan swerved off the road. Sophie Russon, 20, and Shane Loughlin, 32, remain in critical condition. Now it is believed an altercation happened at a caravan park at some point during the night before the fatal crash. According to the Mirror, a friend, who helped search for the group, took to social media: "There was an altercation at the caravan site where the security guards last saw them. READ MORE: Federer could get his tennis wish in retirement after £125m investment "Not sure what the altercation was but the security said they all jumped into this car." A spokesperson for Park Dean Resorts, which runs the caravan park, said they were not able to comment on the situation due to the ongoing investigation. A police spokesperson added: "While that investigation is ongoing we will not be commenting further." It has been reported the three dead and two seriously injured laid in the wreckage up to 46 hours before they were found. Don't miss... Man Utd make crafty Kamada move after Bruno Fernandes exit claim [INSIGHT] Man found dead and woman seriously ill in hospital [LATEST] Fergie opens up about friendship with Princess Diana [REVEAL] The victims’ loved ones have since accused South Wales Police and the Gwent force of not taking the missing person reports seriously. In a statement, the force said that shortly before midnight on Sunday, a police helicopter “was requested to search an area of Cardiff which resulted in a vehicle being located in a wooded area off the A48.” Two officers in the area then arrived to discover the car, the statement added. The five were last seen on Friday night, however, Gwent Police only put out a public appeal at 11pm on Sunday. This was about one hour before the car was discovered. This comes as hundreds of people attended a vigil for the three dead victims at the scene in St Mellons on Tuesday. Part of the road was closed to allow friends and family to gather. Luke Thole, a close friend of a member involved in the crash, was one of the organisers of the vigil. He said: "I'm glad of the turnout, a lot of people here which obviously Rafel would love. "It's very big for Cardiff and Newport to be honest with you, they're well known people. And like I said, Rafel loves all this type of stuff so he'd be happy up there seeing all what's gone on for him." (sic)