Zara Tindall, 41, lives on the Gatcombe Park estate in Gloucestershire where she regularly competes in equestrian events. The daughter of Princess Anne follows a strict fitness routine, according to an expert. Sarah Campus, the founder of LDN MUMS FITNESS, spoke to Express.co.uk to explain what training the 41-year-old goes through as an equestrian. She claimed: "Riding physically strengthens the body, especially the core. It's a full-body workout and helps to increase our balance and improve our posture. "It's likely that your posture out of the saddle will improve the more regularly you ride." The wife of Mike Tindall follows a strenuous fitness routine, claims Ms Campus, and must get her body into a "peak physical condition" in order to compete.  She clarified: "As an athlete and former Olympic silver medallist, Zara has always been in-tune with what it takes to get her body into peak physical condition. "Even now, Zara appears to have maintained many of those foundational habits formed during her years as a competitive athlete. "Zara and Mike have an extensive gym installed in their estate home. Zara likes to squeeze in a quick workout in their home gym before her children wake up – with her preference being to jump on an exercise bike for a spin. "During her peak equestrian eventing days, Zara had to 'work hard' on her fitness, which included riding up to eight horses a day.  Don't miss... Meghan's 'bond with Diana' was first seen in her engagement ring [LATEST] Another royal wore a 'near replica' of Princess Margaret's wedding [STYLE] Expert spots signs Autumn Kelly was the 'perfect ally' for Meghan [BODY LANGUAGE] "At that time, Zara’s regimen also included swimming and cycling for fitness, strength and endurance." Ms Campus also shed light on Zara's reported diet and her favourite foods. Zara has said that her morning begins at 7am with Greek yoghurt and honey, which she eats before using the exercise bike at their home, Aston Farm, she told the Sunday Times Magazine. The mother of three said: "Lunch is quick and simple, like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. READ MORE: Fergie sheds light on Princess Beatrice's parenting style with Sienna  "I don't diet but I try to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things." Ms Campus continued: "Zara follows two very simple food rules to stay on track; namely, limiting carbohydrates and sugar as much as possible. "She doesn’t diet but tries to eat well and not to eat too many carbohydrates or sugary things.  "A typical plate of hers is chock full of fresh and wholesome foods that are laden with protein, vitamins and nutrients.  "Zara tends to start the day at 7am with a simple breakfast of Greek yoghurt and honey. "This would carry her through to lunchtime, where she’d enjoy a fuss-free 'simple' meal, like soup and a sandwich or eggs and toast. "Healthy home-cooked meals are Zara’s preference at dinner time, with her husband Mike Tindall confirming that Zara is 'an awesome cook', and 'does all the cooking in the house'."  Mike has praised his wife's cooking skills in the past: "Zara can look in the fridge and plan what to eat but that's just not my skillset."