51-year-old broadcaster Savannah Guthrie has been the co-anchor of NBC’s morning show Today since 2012 and has become one of the most reliable sources for news in the US. However, the experienced presenter was forced to cut short her broadcast on Tuesday after falling ill. Guthrie tested positive for Covid-19 on Tuesday and had to leave during an ongoing broadcast. According to her colleagues she had already been feeling unwell before deciding to take a test. After she stepped out at around 7:30 am Eastern Time, her co-presenter Sheinelle Jones stepped in to explain the situation. “By the way, it has been an interesting morning for us,” she told viewers. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton ‘splits from husband and moves out’ “As we said, Savannah left early, she wasn’t feeling great, so she took a Covid test. “It came back positive. So, as soon as we found out, she rushed home to rest up. So Savannah, we love you, wishing you a speedy recovery.” Today began at 7am on Tuesday, so Guthrie was only in the studio for a short time before she had to rush home. She previously contracted the virus in May 2022 and January 2022, and had to stay home for five days to isolate. The Today show has pointed out that Guthrie is fully vaccinated and has received a booster jab. Several viewers took to social media on Tuesday to wish her a speedy recovery ahead of her likely return next week. Ruth Larson posted: “Get better @SavannahGuthrie! Great job @SheinelleJones @alroker @lastcallcd!!” @blueblondevotes said: “Wishing her a mild case and a speedy recovery.” DON'T MISS:1000lb Sisters appalled by Amy’s ‘dangerous’ surgery request [BACKLASH]Stormy Daniels teases Dancing with the Stars appearance [EXCLUSIVE]The Good Doctor fans ecstatic as star makes bombshell comeback [VIDEO] Peter Bafkas wrote: “Awww, so sorry to hear that. Wish Savannah a quick and complete recovery.” Rebecca Erikson said: “Best wishes for a speedy recovery!” “@SavannahGuthrie oh c**p please get better,” @ArtsMike exclaimed. Other viewers also expressed their concern for co-host Al Roker, who was diagnosed with prostate cancer in September 2020. The legendary presenter slowly backed away during the broadcast while Jones explained Guthrie’s absence. “Where are you going? Where are you headed?” co-host Carson Daly asked him. “Luckily Sheinelle was sitting between me and Savannah,” Roker joked in response. Today airs weekdays from 7am on NBC.