Donald Trump's allies have branded Joe Biden "out of touch" as the POTUS plans to hike federal pay by 5.2 percent. The proposal is expected to be announced during Biden's Budget on Thursday. The increase would be the largest put forward by the White House since Jimmy Carter's stint in the Oval Office.   However, vocal Trump allies have voiced concern about the potential plan. Pastor Mark Burns, an early supporter of Trump's 2016 campaign, told Express.co.uk: "Biden is taking care of the swamp, while everyday Americans are struggling with surging inflation, high energy costs, and increased food costs. "We should be prioritising every day Americans, not federal bureaucrats." He added: "That is why President Trump has pledged to drain the swamp and enact Schedule F. JUST IN: Woman who married 50-year-old man at age 16 has 234 great-great-grandchildren "We need to return to President Trump's pro-America economic policies that help every American, not just bureaucrats." Schedule F, which was repealed by Biden, was lauded by proponents as increasing flexibility and accountability. But critics warned it provided means to retaliate against federal officials on partisan grounds. Despite Pastor Burns' concerns, another Trump ally claimed the plan showed Biden's "bad judgement".  Harrison Floyd, a 2020 Trump campaign veteran, said: "It shows how out of touch the Biden administration is with overspending. There are no cuts to offset the increase. He added: "It is a good test to show how he can carefully navigate the nuances of politics. "While Americans need to see a raise in wages, there must be a better way to do it without putting our country in further debt." Biden's proposed 5.2 percent pay rise would benefit an estimated 2.1million federal employees.  DON'T MISS: Ukraine has shown Russia up as 3rd rate power - Lt Col STUART CRAWFORD [REVEALED] Joe Biden's 'radical left' budget 'will be blocked' over huge tax hike [LATEST] Novak Djokovic given hope as US politician sends letter to Joe Biden [SPOTLIGHT] However, it would still be lower than the 8.7 percent increase which was demanded by federal employee unions and several Democrats. The new salary would likely come into effect in January, a senior federal office has told the Washington Post. House Republicans are expected to oppose the increase as the Grand Old Party previously pledged to reduce federal spending. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews