WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Unforgotten.DCI Jessie James (played by Sinéad Keenan) and DI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar) in Unforgotten continue to investigate the death of a woman who was found in a chimney in Hammersmith. They discovered in episode two the body was Precious Falade, the daughter of restaurant owner Ebele Falade (Martina Laird), who was distraught when they broke the news to her. But the killer is still out there and it is up to the detectives to figure out who could be the murderer. Joining the cast of season five for the second time is forensic scientist Josef Morten. He will be on hand for Jess and Sunny to talk about what really happened to Precious. He is portrayed by Danish actor Magnus Bruun who is known around the world for playing Cnut of Northumbria in The Last Kingdom and Eivor in the video game Assassin's Creed Valhalla. Bruun can also be recognised for appearing in A Taste of Hunger, When the Dust Settles, Sprinter Galore and FBI: International. READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap At the start of Unforgotten season five, it came out Jess' husband Steve (Andrew Lancel) was having an affair but it isn't known who with. Her sister Debbie has been acting suspiciously though and fans are starting to think she could be the mystery other woman. Debbie is played by actress Gráinne Keenan who is Jess actress Sinéad Keenan's sister in real life. She starred as Fiona in the thriller series Blood alongside Line of Duty star Adrian Dunbar. Gráinne's other parts have been in Black Mirror, The Wife, The Foreigner and Three Families. Judy Mexbury will pop up in episodes four and five of Unforgotten season five. She was assigned to Precious as her social worker before she died several years ago. Fans will recognise actress Hayley Tamaddon as she portrayed Delilah Dingle in Emmerdale for two years and then Andrea Beckett in Coronation Street for another two years from 2013. Tamaddon also won season five of Dancing on Ice in 2010 with her skating partner Daniel Whiston. Don't miss... Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [AWARDS] Unforgotten's Sanjeev Bhaskar details 'challenging' Sunny Khan scenes [EXPLAINER] Coronation Street star Andrew Lancel is appearing in Unforgotten [CAST] There are a number of other memorable actors also dotted throughout the Unforgotten cast. EastEnders' Rafe Vaughan actor Daniel Boys is behind Paul Bradley, Doctors actress Michelle Bonnard is Sunny's partner Sal and The Crown of the Kings star Hubert Hanowicz plays Szymon Nowak. In addition, there's The Good Karma Hospital's Nimmi actress Mari Rodriguez and Theodosia’s Nana Agyeman-Bediako who stars as Mustafa Ali. Now halfway through the series and the investigation is starting to get more intense. The description for episode three reads: "The victim's turbulent past comes to light and leads the team in unexpected directions. "Sunny takes a trip to Paris and Jess drops in on an unsuspecting Lord, but the pair continue to butt heads as progress on the case moves slowly." Unforgotten season five is available to watch every Monday at 9pm on ITV and on ITVX.