New DWP data shows that, while a large proportion of people are under-saving for retirement, Generation X, which refers to people now aged between 43 and 58, are facing a particular pension shortfall. According to interactive investor, this is the generation who missed out on defined benefit (DB) pensions and may have only had access to a workplace pension for the past 10 years. The DWP’s analysis on future pension incomes found that 38 percent of workers aren't currently saving enough for retirement - but this under-saving is concentrated in certain age groups. Up to 59 percent of those with a defined contribution (DC) pension who are retiring in the 2030s are not saving enough. In contrast, 34 percent of defined benefit pension savers are facing a pension shortfall. Alice Guy, head of pensions and savings at interactive investor, said: “Generation X, now aged between 43 and 58, are the forgotten generation, facing a huge pension black hole in their pension saving. “Most are reliant on defined contribution pensions, which weren’t offered by all employers until auto-enrolment rules were introduced in stages from 2012. For someone now aged 60, this means they may have only had access to a workplace pension since around aged 50, leaving them with a huge pension gap.” READ MORE: Furious Britons call for free prescription age to remain at 60  Ms Guy continued: “Given these figures, it’s extremely disappointing that the Government have decided to push back pension dashboard legislation. “Time is running out for older workers to get on top of their pension saving and the delay will make it harder for older workers to keep track of all their pensions and see if they’re saving enough.” The pension dashboard programme, which will enable people to view all of their pension pots in one place, was due to be rolled out in August 2023. However, due to technical issues, the rollout has been delayed again. Key statistics According to the analysis, 59 percent of DC pension savers retiring in the 2030s will reach state pension age with inadequate pension savings before taking their lump sum, compared to 34 percent of DB pension savers.  Don't miss... Leeds Building Society offers competitive interest rate on cash ISA [LATEST] Pensioners urged to consider ‘blended’ savings approach [INSIGHT] Nearly half of Brits have set up a side hustle to help make ends meet [ANALYSIS] Up to 66 percent of DC pension savers will reach state pension age with inadequate pension savings after taking a lump sum, compared to 34 percent of DB pension savers. For those retiring in the 2040s, 52 percent of DC pension savers will have inadequate pension savings, compared to 35 percent of DB pension savers, while 59 percent of DC pension savers will have inadequate pension savings after taking a lump sum, compared to 32 percent of DB pension savers. The number of those with inadequate pension savings drops for those retiring in the 2060s, as data shows 31 percent of DC pension savers will have a shortfall, compared to 33 percent of DB pension savers. The number rises again slightly for those who take out the lump sum, seeing 41 percent of DC pension savers having inadequate pension savings, compared to 38 percent of DB savers. Ms Guy said: “It’s extremely worrying that so many pension savers retiring in the 2030s are facing a pension shortfall as they have only around 10 years of working life to make up the difference. READ MORE: Britons warned the ‘price of happiness’ in retirement is £145,833  “We can also see a pension gap opening up between those with generous defined benefit pensions and those with defined contribution pensions. Most private defined benefit pension schemes are now closed to new members, so most workers are now reliant on defined contribution pensions.” Defined contribution pensions rely on pension savers and employers saving into a pension pot which is usually invested in the stock market. Unlike defined benefit pensions, Ms Guy said this pot fluctuates over time and the pension income a person receives isn’t guaranteed. Ms Guy continued: “Those who are younger have more time to make up the difference and the good news is that most younger pension savers are currently on course for a comfortable retirement.” Ms Guy said it’s important that people keep an eye on their pension to make sure that they’re on track. She continued: “Everyone’s income needs are different and will depend on other factors like if you have housing costs, your household bills and your discretionary spending on eating out or holidays. “If you can afford it, then consider contributing more than your employers’ standard amount to your pension scheme. Even small extra amounts add up over time and you’ll get an additional boost from the taxman.”  According to Ms Guy, an £80 pension contribution is topped up to £100 for basic rate taxpayers. Higher-rate taxpayers get an additional boost from pension tax relief, increasing a £60 pension contribution to £100. Ms Guy said: “If you are approaching retirement, it’s worth taking stock of your pensions. "Many older workers lose track of previous workplace pensions as the average worker has six different jobs during their working life, potentially leaving them with a trail of small pension pots scattered across many providers. The Government pension tracing service is a good place to start.” She added: “Other tips to give a lagging pension pot a boost include taking a look at your pension fees and charges as these mount up over time and take a bite from your pension savings. It’s also worth considering consolidating pension pots to make them easier to manage and potentially save on fees.” 