A police officer fired for having a string of sexual encounters with fellow officers has claimed she was pressured into it. The 26-year-old lost her job after two separate investigations found that Hall engaged in "sexual activity and or shared intimate photos or videos" with several male officers. Speaking publicly for the first time, former Tennessee cop Maegan Hall, 26, told WTVF she tried repeatedly to repel the sexual advances of her sergeant at the La Vergne Police Department — but claimed “he wouldn’t take no for an answer”. The on-duty affair with Sgt. Lewis Powell sparked a slew of sexual escapades with five other cops. “I know what most people are saying,” Hall told the news channel. “You know, ‘You could’ve said no.’ I get it. But my response to them is ‘I did say no, and he wouldn’t take it for an answer.’ “Eventually, I gave in from pressure.” READ MORE: Now cop fired for having sex with multiple colleagues claims SHE was sexually groomed Now Hall and her lawyer are suing the department, several top supervisors and the city in Federal court for civil rights violations, with the 26-year-old alleging that she was "sexually groomed". "My supervisors worked together to take advantage of my vulnerabilities and my mental health,” Hall said. “And they used it for their gain and sexual favour. “Who do you even turn to when the chief of police is sexually harassing you? How could I get justice when the entire system, including the chief, not only condoned such behavior but participated in it?” she said. “I was lost and I felt alone.” DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's return to UK in jeopardy following eviction [LATEST]Teacher with size Z breasts put on leave [INSIGHT]Man in a scream costume terrorising public [REPORT] Hall, who blamed her behaviour on a rocky marriage, is alleging that the department fostered a coercive environment. The 26-year-old is alleging she was preyed upon by the department’s all-male second shift and lured into having sex. “When I was interviewing for the position at La Vergne Police Department, they described the environment as a family,” she told WTVF. “However, while I was aspiring to protect my community, the La Vergne Police Department was not protecting me.” READ MORE: Police officer says she was 'stupid and desperate' after sex with colleagues on duty The sexual escapades cost Hall and four other cops — including Police Chief Burrel “Chip” Davis — their jobs; two others were suspended over the scandal. Before the story went public, Hall alleged that she had been subjected to "harassing and threatening messages on my phone daily. I felt like I was terrorised". “I had no one to run to and I had nowhere to go,” she said. Hall's lawsuit characterises her as a vulnerable young woman who was regularly objectified and harassed by older male officers. “Maegan wasn’t looked at like a rookie cop to be trained and promoted,” Hall’s lawyer, Wesley Clark, told WTVF. "She was looked at like a piece of meat to be sexualised and exploited.” The 26-year-old initially confessed to having the sordid affairs with male officers after she was confronted by an internal investigator. Hall admitted to performing oral sex on Powell inside a police substation. She claimed their affair involved “a lot of sex” and came after troubles emerged in her marriage. She also claimed to have a threesome with fellow police officer Patrick Magliocco and his wife and detailed how she tried but failed to coax her husband into a wife swap. Hall and multiple officers reportedly exchanged nude images. Express.co.uk has reached out to the La Vergne Police Department for further comment