Steve Irwin died at the age of 44 in 2006 after suffering an injury caused by a stingray while he was filming a documentary. The zoologist is survived by his wife Terri Irwin, 58, and their children Bindi, 24, and Robert, 19. It has been reported that the siblings want their mum to “find happiness again”."Bindi and Robert have been trying to get Terri to freshen up her look," a source said. "She's gorgeous under all that khaki and she deserves to show it off." They added to New Idea: "There is a small ulterior motive from the kids though – they want to dress her up and take pictures so they can help her join dating apps." READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes accuses BBC of 'dismissing staff as they're too old' The source explained Steve's children know that she'll "never find another like their dad" and that they simply want their mum to "know that happiness again". Robert recently revealed the passion that he and his late father Steve share. The 19-year-old wildlife warrior told Adelaide Now that the men both have a deep love of the ocean. "I've always been about the ocean from a really, really young age. It has always been my dad who had that strong connection to the sea". "So now I feel very lucky I get to follow in those footsteps. I still use some of his old surfboards." "I get out there every morning into the water. I am definitely most at home when I'm next to the ocean." Robert went on to explain that his passion for photography is a way of carrying on his father's legacy. "I have found it to be my own individual way to push a conservation message and continue a mission that my dad originally started," he said. DONT MISS:Ant-Man actress Kathryn Newton addresses Cassie actress swap (PHOTOS)Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint (NEWS)Molly Rainford admits Strictly 'a lot more intense' than she thought (LATEST) It comes after Robert shared a heartwarming message to commemorate the 31st wedding anniversary of his mother Terri and father Steve. "It was on this day 31 years ago that my parents got engaged and set in motion what would become a legacy larger than life," Robert wrote. "I love my mum and dad so much… I'm proud to be their son." "And they're proud to call you their son! This legacy will continue on for millennia. The real warriors of our world are you guys," someone else commented.  Steve, known as The Crocodile Hunter, died on September 4, 2006, at the age of 44 after he was pierced in the chest by a stingray barb while filming a wildlife documentary called Ocean's Deadliest in Queensland. Terri has never dated nor remarried since her husband's death, despite swirling rumours of romances with the likes of Russell Crowe over the years. The Irwins have meanwhile kept Steve's memory alive through their conservation work at Australia Zoo. Their most recent tribute to Steve is the Crocodile Hunter Lodge, which comprises of luxury cabins located inside the zoo premises.