Clarkson's Farm made a comeback for a second season on Amazon Prime Video last month with all of its stars returning for the new episodes. Once again, farmer Kaleb Cooper was by Jeremy Clarkson's side, this time, giving him assistance in looking after a herd of cows. Express.co.uk has all there is to know about Kaleb Cooper's private life. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Clarkson's Farm.Farm manager Kaleb Cooper is engaged to his girlfriend Taya, who he has been with for more than six years. The Clarkson's Farm star got down on one knee in December for a romantic Christmas Day proposal. Taking to Instagram to announce the news, Kaleb said: "She said yes! "2022 has been an amazing year. This definitely tops it off. "I honestly can't wait for 2023 and all the following years after that. @tayaaaxx you're my best friend as well as the love of my life. Was a long wait for this (6 and a half years)." READ MORE: Jimmy Kimmel slams crowd for ‘doing nothing’ after Will Smith slap While the couple only got engaged a few months ago, they already have their own family. Kaleb has one son, Oscar, who is now almost two years old and is frequently featured on his social media. He was last seen pictured with his little boy as Kaleb announced he would be writing another book earlier this month. But it was in November the pair made another big reveal to their following. Kaleb, 24, and Taya are expecting their second child, sharing this time, they will welcome a daughter into the world. He shared a picture of him, Taya and their son Oscar on Diddly Squat Farm, holding up a sonogram picture. Kaleb wrote: "So excited to announce that baby cooper number 2 is cooking nicely. "My number one goal is to buy myself a farm and be able to bring my kids up enjoying what I think is the best lifestyle which is the farming lifestyle." Don't miss... Brendan Fraser triumphant as Oscar win marks Hollywood comeback [AWARDS] Clarkson's Farm slammed for 'misleading' viewers over planning meeting [REACTION] Kaleb Cooper snaps at Jeremy Clarkson over basic farming error [CAST] Kaleb started working on farms at a very young age, acting as the "man of the house" to help his mum. He would use his earnings from his tractor business to contribute to the bills when he was just 15 years old. Talking to the Sunday Times, Kaleb said: "Farming is all I've ever wanted to do... "My mum and dad split up when I was a kid, and I threw myself into the work so I didn't have to deal with that." Clarkson's Farm returned for a second season earlier this month and will be back for more. Already, there are plans in the works for a third series which is expected to come out next year. Unfortunately, it is thought this could be the final series with Amazon Prime believed to be cutting ties with Clarkson. Clarkson's Farm is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.