Steph McGovern announced on Monday that she is being replaced on her Channel 4 show while she takes a well-deserved day off. Instead, viewers will be welcomed by Nick Grimshaw, who will be stepping in to replace Steph on Tuesday's programme. Announcing the news of her replacement at the end of her show on Monday, she said: “That’s your lot for today. “I’m actually off tomorrow. But don’t worry – look who’s holding the fort!” Former Radio 1 DJ Nick Grimshaw then emerged from behind the set to cheers from the studio audience. “I’ve been hiding in that cupboard for ages waiting on you to have a day off,” he joked with McGovern. READ MORE: Four In a Bed star 'turned down' show after bosses refused request Later, Grimshaw took to the show’s Twitter account to post a video of himself in McGovern’s dressing room. As someone knocked on the door he answered it and said: “Hiya, Steph’s off so you’ve got me, Nick, tomorrow half past twelve, Steph’s packed lunch with me pretending to be Steph.” The video continued as he looked around her dressing room claiming he was “figuring out what to wear tomorrow.” He was particularly drawn to a pair of red boots claiming he need to find something to go with them. He ended the video holding up the boots and reminding people to watch “Steph’s Packed Lunch with me and these red boots.” McGovern didn’t clarify why she will be missing from the show leading fans to question her absence. Taking to Twitter user @LilKButlershe wrote: “What’s Steph up to? I hope that she’s ok. Still, looking forward to seeing you @grimmers.” Meanwhile, on Instagram a user called tom25deaf echoed this. DON'T MISS: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find [INSIGHT]Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [INSIGHT]GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [OPINION] “Huh? How Steph is all right???” (sic) he wrote on the photo sharing platform. A user called harmer.dawn also responded to the video encouraging Grimshaw to wear the flash footwear. They said: “I dare you to wear those boots. Looking forward to watching you tomorrow.” Grimshaw isn’t the first presenter to cover the show for McGovern. In September 2021 former Spice Girl Mel B presented the show For Channel 4's Black to Front Day. The day was an initiative to promote greater diversity on television. Grimshaw will welcome guests including Katherine Ryan and a hero dog to the show on Tuesday. Steph’s Packed Lunch is on Channel 4 weekdays at 12.30pm.