Natalie Dormer, 41, who shares a young daughter with actor David Oakes, 39, celebrated by having dinner at Roth Bar & Grill in Bruton, Somerset, last month. It has been reported the happy couple exchanged their wedding vows in an intimate ceremony alongside close family and friends. The wedding party is believed to have spent the evening drinking expresso martinis with their close circle. A source told Mail Online: "Natalie and David kept the wedding very low key, they didn't want it to be a huge bash though it certainly was still a day to remember. "They just wanted to share the moment with a select group of people as they're very private individuals. But it was a beautiful ceremony." Express.co.uk has contacted Natalie Dormer and David Oakes' representatives for comment. READ MORE: Christine McGuinness stayed in unhappy Paddy marriage to feel 'safe' The newlyweds were seen drinking Malbec wine while enjoying a three-course dinner at the restaurant with two other couples before continuing the night with cocktails. She was previously engaged to director Antony Byrne, but the pair split in 2018 after dating for 11 years. The Game of Thrones actress and the Vikings: Valhalla star began dating in 2019. Natalie, who played Margaery Tyrell in the HBO fantasy series, gave birth to their daughter in January 2021 and previously opened up about the pregnancy. The on-screen star joked that there was little to do but make babies during the pandemic. She said: "It's the perfect thing to do during a pandemic, is get pregnant and have a baby. "I feel like I'm probably being a bit of a cliché. She'll probably be sitting in a bar in 30 years' time on a date going, 'Yeah, I'm a Covid baby!' "I think there's going to be lots of Covid babies, because what else can you do?" Speaking on the That's After Life! podcast, The Tudors actress added: "She's an absolute joy – I'm never going to complain about shooting hours ever again because the sleep deprivation is something else." She also opened up about juggling motherhood with her acting career. Natalie explained: "I'm going to find it very difficult, I think, you don't want to warp the childhood experience. "People in the industry that I'm in do lean on nannies and they do that for a reason so that they can take children with them." She added: "But I mean for me, this is the perfect time to go back to the stage, because then I could be with her all day." Last week, Natalie confirmed that she will be starring in South African crime series White Lies, and is currently shooting in Cape Town. She said: "I'm thrilled to be in Cape Town and begin this beautiful, gripping show. "South Africa has so much to offer an international audience in its storytelling. I'm truly excited to bring Darrel's eight-episode page-turner to life with such a group of talented directors, led by John, and a superb ensemble cast."