In her latest instalment of Closet Confessions, beauty mogul Trinny Woodall had her makeup done for ultimate sexiness. Here's how women can recreate it at home. Clothes and shoes are key when it comes to looking desirable and alluring. But makeup is an equally important part of the process, from eye makeup to lip makeup to foundation. How can us ladies do our makeup to look dynamic, sultry and sexy? Makeup artist John, known as @bonzo_boy on Instagram, showed Trinny how to create this look in just a few simple steps. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures  Using only products from Trinny London, John got to work on the beauty guru's eyes. He used Eye2Eye Justice cream-based eye shade as a base over the whole eyelid. He then added Wisdom to the crease and Faith in the outer corners for more "definition and drama". Justice is a milky, "soft neutral shade", while Wisdom is a "soft neutral taupe". Faith is described as a "cool fawny brown". Trinny explained why eye makeup is essential for creating this sultry, sexy look. Surprisingly, she shunned one stereotypically sexy makeup product - red lipstick. Trinny said: "It's all about the eyes, we've decided. The red lip has gone and we're thinking it's just that sexy eye. "All you want in this 'always sexy' look is that somebody is mesmerised to look at your eyes." READ MORE: Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff shares how to look younger  Trinny does love a red lip on some occasions, however, particularly when she isn't going full glam. In a separate video on the art of the red lip, the expert stated: "I kind of love them. They're such a solution for me in different things that I wear when I'm not making an effort and just want to do one thing." But for her sexy, made-up eyes look, the beauty mogul likes to skip the lippy or go for a nude shade. As for clothing and accessories, one of the "sexy" looks Trinny demonstrated was a man's white shirt coupled with a black bodycon skirt, sheer black tights and black heeled pumps. The show-stopper was that she left a few shirt buttons undone to unveil a tiny bit of her black bra. She said: "It's sort of like you've put on your boyfriend's shirt - but there's a sexy bra underneath. "This goes against all the rules I originally have about not wearing a dark bra underneath something but it's something about it being a man's shirt fabric - not silk - so you only see a really tiny shadow of the black."