A man who never wears shoes popped into McDonald's for a bite to eat - but the store "was having none of it". James Graham, 55, says he was asked to leave the restaurant in Bexhill, Sussex, shortly after ordering and sitting down. He said a worker at the McDonald's approached him and said "no shoes, no shirt, no service". James added: "I went to McDonald's in Ravenside and ordered my food. Minding my own business, I just sat down waiting for the table service when one of the service people came up and said that I could not be in there without shoes on. "I questioned her about this and she said the words: 'No shoes, no shirt, no service', to which I told her that this was an old saying from hippie times in the US, used to restrict people from going into places. But she was having none of it. She went to get the manager, who said I may cut myself." Mr Graham, who has run 20 marathons in his bare feet, said he thought the incident was "a bit silly", as he claimed he was sitting right next to a children's play area where they were running around barefoot. He took to the chain's head office and emailed them, and was told it was down to the manager of the specific site. He said: "I think it's strange to make these decisions in a split second when I'm doing no harm to anyone." Explaining his unusual lifestyle choice, James added: "In 2013 I had a life-changing experience. My wife passed and since then I have just been living life. Life is too short to not do things you think you might want to do." Last Sunday James ran the Eastbourne Half Marathon and is planning to run through the streets of London barefoot for the marathon this year. Not all members of the public have entirely understood his choice, he said, explaining: "Some are completely horrified and don't understand it. Other people fully support it and say they wish they had the courage and freedom to do it." READ MORE: Woman with 234 great-great-grandchildren posts amazing family photo [REVEAL] A spokesperson for McDonald's said: "At McDonald's we want to create a welcoming environment for all our customers to enjoy their experience. "The Bexhill team informed the customer that for his own safety and for the comfort of other diners all customers are asked to wear footwear in the restaurant. "When he refused, the customer was allowed to remain on this occasion and finish his food before leaving." Don't miss... 'My parents made a typo on my birth certificate' [REVEAL] Mum goes viral with alternative toilet paper method  [INSIGHT] 'We gave our daughter her name as a bit of a joke - but then it stuck' [ANALYSIS]