Pulp bassist Steve Mackey has died at the age of 56. The band announced the sad news in a statement to fans on Thursday, they said: "Our beloved friend and bass player Steve Mackey passed away this morning.  "Our thoughts are with his family and loved ones. Safe travels, Steve. "We hope to catch up with you one day. All our love xx." The statement was shared with a photograph of Steve climbing in the Andes, South America, while Pulp were touring in 2012. The band reminisced on the "completely magical experience" and concluded: "Steve made things happen. READ MORE:Dancing On Ice’s Christopher Dean issues Jayne Torvill surgery update "In his life and in the band. We’d very much like to think that he’s back in those mountains now, on the next stage of his adventure." Steve's wife of 13 years Katie Grand also confirmed the news in a post shared to Instagram. Alongside a black and white photograph of the smiling musician, Katie wrote: "After three months in hospital, fighting with all his strength and determination, we are shocked and devastated to have said goodbye my brilliant, beautiful husband, Steve Mackey. "Steve died today, a loss which has left myself, his son Marley, parents Kath and Paul, sister Michelle and many friends all heartbroken.  "Steve was the most talented man I knew, an exceptional musician, producer, photographer and filmmaker. "As in life, he was adored by everyone whose paths he crossed in the multiple creative disciplines he conquered. "I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all the NHS staff who worked tirelessly for Steve. He will be missed beyond words.” Steve and Katie had been in a relationship for many years before their 2009 wedding and they welcomed their son, Marley, in 1996. DON'T MISSAndrea McLean bedridden as she admits 'I've been poorly for so long'[INSIGHT]Emmerdale star splits from actor husband 'falls for new co-star'[LATEST]Angela Rippon details brutal age comment from ex BBC director-general[NEWS]  A cause of death has not yet been given. It was announced in October 2022 that Steve would not be joining Pulp on this year's reunion tour. He wished his bandmates Jarvis Cocker, Candida Doyle, Nick Banks and Mark Webber luck and explained: "I’ve decided to continue the work I’m engaged in – music, filmmaking and photography projects." Steve joined Pulp in 1989 and has also produced other works by Florence and the Machine, Arcade Fire and M.I.A. Following the news of Steve's death, his celebrity friends have flocked to social media to pay their respects. Fashion designer Marc Jacobs penned: "Such a beautiful and brilliant man. I am lucky that I got to know and work with him. To Katie and Steve’s family my deepest, heartfelt condolences and love. Rest in Peace dear Steve." Model Martha Hunt wrote: "Oh no. Sending love and strength to you and your family @kegrand." Fendi Artistic Direction Kim Jones echoed: "So so sad love to you and @kegrand."