Liverpool duo Virgil van Dijk and Diogo Jota were both absent from team training at the AXA Training Centre on Friday, raising doubts over the fitness of both of them for the match against Manchester United this weekend. Jurgen Klopp is close to having a fully fit squad to choose from with Luis Diaz, Joe Gomez and Thiago Alcantara all closing in on returns. Liverpool have had a host of injuries throughout the year with Ibrahima Konate making his return to action in the win over Wolves this week. Picking up all three points saw Liverpool climb back up to sixth in the table and just six points behind Tottenham in fourth. With just 14 games remaining in the season, Liverpool will need to keep the pressure on their top-four rivals. But they face a difficult test against an in-form Manchester United team with Marcus Rashford banging in goals for fun. Klopp will want everyone available for the match and Friday's training session was another chance to work on their tactics for Sunday's match. However, neither Van Dijk or Jota were spotted in team training, raising doubts about whether they could be unavailable for the game against United.  Jota and Van Dijk combined for Liverpool's opener against Wolves and losing either player to an injury setback would come as a huge blow to Klopp. Both players are coming off injury lay-offs of their own with Jota returning to full fitness after suffering a calf injury back in October. Van Dijk picked up a hamstring issue earlier this year, but has been back in the side for Liverpool's last three Premier League matches. In a recent interview with The Times, Van Dijk admitted that playing "too many games" contributed to his recent six-week layoff.  "Coming back from the knee injury, I played all the Premier League games, I think, because everybody wants to be out there – I want to be out there," he said. "What caught up is that I played too many games at a time. "When it's game day I want to play. I'll do everything possible to play. But I could have also thought before the World Cup: 'Let's rest a little bit in order to be ready'. "But I didn't because I want to play and I want to be influential for this football club because I love this club."