Sarah Ferguson has revealed the sweet nickname she has for her granddaughter Sienna Elizabeth Mapelli Mozzi as she shared her experiences of being a grandmother. The Duchess of York was in New York promoting her new novel A Most Intriguing Lady when she sat down with Samantha Barry for an intimate chat at the 92nd Street Y. Tune into our Royal Family Snapchat Show, every Monday exclusively on Snapchat She referred to the one-year-old as a "mini-Beatrice" as she shared her joy at being a grandmother with the Glamour editor and revealed the nickname she has for Sienna. Fergie said: "I love seeing my girls, who are exceptional. Full stop, they're exceptional." Then, discussing her grandchildren, she added: "Then on top of that, these two little... baby Eugenie, baby Beatrice, they're looking at me with the big eyes. "They look like my girls. August is teaching me to play trains and diggers. And Sisi [Sienna] is just mini Beatrice, and she gets little pink tutus, because Beatrice likes to dress her up like Barbie."  Fergie and her ex-husband share two daughters, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, with the family remaining close in spite of the divorce. Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank also have a two-year-old son August and are expecting their second child later this summer. For International Women's Day last Wednesday Eugenie shared a charming selfie on Instagram with her mother and older sister. READ MORE: King Charles III plans major shakeup of Britain's royal residences She captioned the post: "Happy International Women's Day. I'm so lucky to have my mum and sister as two incredible women in my life. Beabea, Mumma so proud of you! Xx" Eugenie also used Instagram to reveal the news of her second pregnancy as she posted a picture of August kissing her baby bump while on a country walk. The Duchess of York has spent a lot of time in the US recently, as she appeared on Kelly Clarkson's chat show last week and is rumoured to be presenting an award at this year's Oscars ceremony on Sunday. Fergie has a close relationship with the Presley family, with the Baz Luhrmann biopic Elvis up for eight awards this weekend. Don't miss... Gayle King weighs in on Sussex children's new royal titles [LATEST] Royals and Sussexes still have 'tension' over Archie and Lili titles [SPOTLIGHT] Why Lady Louise missed out on royal title as fans rage at 'sexism' [REVEAL] She had a particularly close friendship with the late Lisa Marie Presley, Elvis's daughter, whose memorial service she spoke at earlier this year. A source told The Sun about the Oscars plan: "There have been discussions about The Duchess attending and it now looks as though that will happen — the plan is for her to present an award. "She has been a very close friend of the Presley family, especially Elvis’ daughter Lisa Marie, and she even spoke at her funeral recently. "That sparked some conversations about the possibility of her attending – and after some back and forth it looks like it’s happening."  