The £500 increase to the Government’s Energy Price Guarantee (EPG) means that millions of households will still see an increase in their energy bills despite energy regulator Ofgem reducing the energy price cap to £3,280 from April 1. A new poll has found that Express.co.uk readers think Chancellor Jeremy Hunt should cancel April's EPG hike. a new poll has found. The EPG ensures that the average annual household energy bill is limited, but the increase from £2,500 to £3,000 from next month means energy bills will increase by an average of 20 percent. The scheme was introduced last October and means no one pays the rate set by Ofgem at present. A fall in the wholesale price of energy means that Ofgem has been able to reduce the price cap from £4,279 to £3,280. Forecasts for July and October suggest this could fall below £3,000. Ofgem’s chief executive, Jonathan Brearley, said: “Although wholesale prices have fallen, the price cap has not yet fallen below the planned level of the energy price guarantee. This means that on current policy, bills will rise again in April. I know that for many households this news will be deeply concerning.” Dr Craig Lowrey, the principal consultant at Cornwall Insight, said: “Regrettably the forecast for April looks set to leave the price cap above the increased energy price guarantee level. While tumbling cap projections are a positive, unfortunately, already stretched households will be seeing little benefit before July.” READ MORE: Full list of energy bill support schemes In a poll that ran from 3pm on Tuesday, February 28, to 3pm on Thursday, March 2, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Should Government cancel April's EPG hike as Ofgem price cap falls?” Overall, 2,818 people responded with the overwhelming majority, 94 percent (2,644 people) answering “yes” in support of the EPG hike being cancelled. In contrast, six percent (161 people) said “no” it should go ahead, while 13 people said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on the EPG. The majority of readers were in favour of the EPG hike being cancelled, with username Boyak writing: “We are being systematically ripped off. I think that needs addressing.” Another, username ppirelli8i said: “Yes, cancel the hike. It’s because of the government’s useless policies that we are in this mess.” Username Oh Jeremy wrote: “These so-called price caps are of no use for customers.” And username davzz added: “Yes, yes, yes, it’s common sense.” DON'T MISS:Shapps orders energy firms to hand Britons bills lifeline [LATEST]100,000 households fall into poverty despite energy support [INSIGHT]Energy boss issues dire warning as net zero rush tipped to raise bills [UPDATE] Energy Secretary Grant Shapps told The Times that he is “very sympathetic” to suggestions from the public that the Government should cancel the planned hike. He said: “I completely recognise the argument over keeping that price guarantee in place, and the Chancellor and I are working very hard on it. I'm very sympathetic to making sure that we protect [people]. We're looking at this very, very carefully.” Dame Clare Moriarty, chief executive of Citizens Advice, warned that the number of people unable to afford their energy bills will double from one in ten to one in five if the hike goes ahead next month. General Secretary of the Trades Union Congress, Paul Nowak, said that ministers have “no excuse for not stepping in” and cancelling the planned rise. Meanwhile, Liberal Democrats Leader Sir Ed Davey described the rise as a “hammer blow” to families and businesses. He claimed his Party would reduce the average energy bill to £1,971 – the level it was last April, and called for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to “act now to save families from a cost-of-living cliff edge, by cutting energy bills instead of increasing them”. However, some readers thought that Mr Hunt should cancel the scheme entirely at the Spring Budget on March 15. Username The mug who works!! commented: “Cancel the handouts.” Meanwhile, other readers thought that the Government should stay out of energy pricing, with username The Almighty writing: “The Government can't keep subsidising the country.” Likewise, username Petercressall said: “The Government has no business interfering in the price of energy.” Username Garibaldi said: “People need to realise what the real cost of using fossil fuels is.”