King Charles may ban his disgraced brother from wearing ceremonial robes at his Coronation in May, it has been revealed. The King is said to be undecided over the decision to allow Prince Andrew to wear his velvet robes and insignia denoting his position as a Knight of the Garter after his out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre over allegations he vehemently denied.   Andrew is reportedly "furious" as he is kept in the dark while His Majesty mulls over the decision. Since stepping back from royal duties, Prince Andrew was barred from wearing his uniform at his mothers funeral in September last year. Working members of the Royal Family wore military uniform when present at five ceremonial events during the period of mourning for Queen Elizabeth II, however, Andrew and Prince Harry wore black morning suits. As the King’s Coronation approaches and Firm gears up for the historic celebrations, Andrew may be asked to don a lounge suit, after being stripped of his military appointment Colonel of the Grenadier Guards. READ MORE: Queen Letizia turns heads in silver gown with new hairstyle  Don't miss... Prince Harry needs to be 'set straight' after drug use admission [REVEAL] RMT suspends series of national rail strikes after new pay offer [UPDATE] MPs warn plot to tie UK in 'knots' could derail migrant crisis plans [INSIGHT] According to the Mirror, a source said the Prince had been “left completely in the dark” over his role and required dress for the coronation. The royal insider added: “Andrew is furious. “He’s already not playing a part and now he feels he is being disrespected and dictated to over something he is fully entitled to (wear).” Last June, it was reported King Charles and Prince William urged Her Majesty to overturn the decision to allow Andrew to appear in his full robes.   The Coronation weekend kicks off on Saturday, May 6, at Westminster Abbey with the crowning of King Charles and Queen Consort Camilla in a ceremony full of religious symbolism and pageantry. However, the service is expected to be shorter and smaller than Elizabeth II's coronation in 1953 to fit into Charles' "slimmed-down" monarchy. Elizabeth's coronation lasted three hours, while His Majesty's ceremony is set to be considerably shorter. The dress code is also believed to be more modern for those attending. King Charles is understood to have opted to break tradition and drop the wearing of silk stockings and breeches. Express.co.uk has reached out to Buckingham Palace for comment.