Benni McCarthy has received plaudits en masse for his impact since becoming a key member of Erik ten Hag's Manchester United coaching staff last summer. His ability has contributed to several aspects of improvement, including Marcus Rashford's record-breaking season, and he has a personality to match. But his desire to win has often boiled over in the past as he started his coaching career in his homeland, South Africa. Express Sport picks out his most memorable outbursts between taking charge of Cape Town City in 2017 and leaving AmaZulu in 2022. McCarthy blasted players, coaches and officials during his time in South Africa, but he also aimed fire at the city of Cape Town. His former club Ajax Cape Town were made to play a home fixture against Maritzburg United in KwaZulu Natal after there were no available venues in the city. And he didn't hold back for the refusal to allow them to use the Cape Town Stadium, built for the 2010 World Cup. He said: "The Cape Town Stadium is unavailable due to the setting up of Rugby Sevens, but we have become accustomed to being removed from Cape Town Stadium for events far less significant. "It blows my mind how a stadium that only exists because of the World Cup cannot be reserved for 15 out of 365 days for the city's premium soccer team. Football has been sold lies in Cape Town." READ MORE: Gary Neville makes Premier League title promise to Arsenal fans Premier League coaches often keep their cool when criticising referee displays because of potential fines that follow. But that didn't stop McCarthy after his AmaZulu side lost 1-0 to Orlando Pirates, blaming the defeat on the official and labelling his appointment a 'joke'. McCarthy ranted: "Losing is part of football. I'm not bitter. I can take losing, but when you lose in that manner, not against your opponent but the man in the middle, what is this, a joke? "It's the first time I've seen this referee. How can the league even consider [him for] a game of this magnitude? The team that wants to finish second is behind you." Man Utd takeover meetings finally set as 'bidders learn deadline'US political figure 'involved' in Leeds takeover bidPiers Morgan praises Arsenal trio and backs surprise star for award After a shock 1-0 defeat to Nyasa Big Bullets in their first-ever CAF Champions League outing, AmaZulu boss McCarthy told a celebrating opposition player to 'shut up' during a post-match interview. He was midway through lamenting his side's performance, stating: "It was a horror show for me. We were nowhere close to our best. "You look at the opposition; they did nothing in the game. I think it was a disastrous game." A Big Bullets player then emerged behind him chanting, to which McCarthy, matched with a stare-down, shouted: "Shut up, you!" In the most recent demonstration of McCarthy's temper while helming AmaZulu, he bit back at Matsatsantsa boss Kaitano Tembo after a 0-0 draw. He believed Tembo had called him an offensive word and responded by seemingly aiming for his career compared to his. He shouted: "You have lost every bit of respect I had for you. That is why you are always broke. "Your career... Seven Stars, Ajax – no, listen, you wanna get deep, I'll get deep with you. You call me a c**t?" Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here