The actor was best known for his 1970s detective role in the hit series Baretta as well as a string of successful films up until the turn of the millennium. However, in 2001 the actor’s career became overshadowed by his wife’s fatal shooting and his subsequent murder charges. A statement released late on Thursday evening on behalf of Robert’s niece, Noreen Austin, confirmed that the actor had died. The statement assured fans that he had died “peacefully with family and friends” after suffering from heart disease. The actor’s iconic role as Detective Tony Baretta earned him an Emmy, a Golden Globe and made Robert a household name during the peak of detective dramas in the 1970s. Robert also found unrivalled success on the big screen, appearing in the likes of Lost Highway, Of Mice and Men, Money Train and In Cold Blood.  Following the tragic incident, the actor spent a year in jail while awaiting and four years later an LA jury found him not guilty of her murder.The scandal at the time was often compared to the controversial trial of football player and broadcaster OJ Simpson which took place 10 years earlier.Robert always maintained his innocence up until his death.In a later civil case, Robert was ordered to pay $30million (£25million) to the children of his former wife.The orders led to the actor declaring bankruptcy and while he unsuccessfully appealed, he was able to get the penalty sum lowered to $15million (£12.5million).In 1961, Robert had first married fellow actress Sondra Kerr and the pair had two children together, Noah, 58, and Delinah, 57, before divorcing in 1983.Over a decade later Robert met Bonny, who had already been married nine times before and had three children from previous marriages.The Baretta star became her 10th husband in November 20 a few months after they welcomed their daughter Rose, 22.The New Jersey native started acting as a child in the 1930s, although then known as Mickey Gubitosi, first appearing in the comedy film series Our Gang, which was later renamed Little Rascals for television.He continued acting throughout his childhood and returned to the industry as an adult after a brief stint in the United States Army.With his final film in 1997, Lost Highway, many dubbed the actor’s career as one of the longest in Hollywood history as he became one of the first stars to transition from child acting to adult roles.  However, in 2001 the star’s first wife, Bonny Lee Bakley was involved in a fatal shooting. Robert was charged with her murder and acquitted but was later found liable for her death in civil court, as reported by BBC. Bonny was sitting alone in Robert's car in the Studio City neighbourhood of Los Angeles on the fateful day. The Corky star told police that they had been dining at a nearby Italian restaurant and upon returning to the car, he had realised he’d left his gun behind. Robert said he returned to the restaurant to get his gun and when he came back to the car Bonny was dead.  Following the tragic incident, the actor spent a year in jail while awaiting trial and four years later an LA jury found him not guilty of her murder. The scandal at the time was often compared to the controversial trial of football player and broadcaster OJ Simpson which took place 10 years earlier. Robert always maintained his innocence up until his death. Don't miss... Gene Hackman in very rare outing as he's seen for first time in years [LATEST] Alex Beresford warns of public 'meddling' in Royal Family affairs [LATEST] Emmerdale exit for Naomi as fans 'work out' Alex's identity [LATEST]  In a later civil case, Robert was ordered to pay $30million (£25million) to the children of his former wife. The judge's orders led to the actor declaring bankruptcy and while he unsuccessfully appealed, he was able to get the penalty sum lowered to $15million (£12.5million). In 1961, Robert had first married fellow actress Sondra Kerr and the pair had two children together, Noah, 58, and Delinah, 57, before divorcing in 1983. Over a decade later Robert met Bonny, who had already been married nine times before and had three children from previous marriages.  The Baretta star became her 10th husband in November 2000, a few months after they welcomed their daughter Rose, 22. The New Jersey native started acting as a child in the 1930s, although then known as Mickey Gubitosi, first appearing in the comedy film series Our Gang, which was later renamed Little Rascals for television. He continued acting throughout his childhood and returned to the industry as an adult after a brief stint in the United States Army. With his final film in 1997, Lost Highway, many dubbed the actor’s career as one of the longest in Hollywood history as he became one of the first stars to transition from child acting to adult roles.