Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway is back on ITV and in the most recent episode, the hosts were joined by Claudia Winkleman and Daisy May Cooper. The show was full of hilarious moments but Stephen Mulhern had to update viewers after the spotted a man dressed as Shrek fall off the stage. They took to Twitter to ask if the man was alright following the incident. Addressing the incident, host Stephen Mulhern provided the audience with a highly-anticipated update. He paused the show to say: "Don't worry if you saw Shrek fall off the stage earlier in the programme." The star joked at first as he said "Don't fear, he's in A&E". But he then reassured the audience the man inside the costume was OK. Stephen added: "I'm joking, he's fine." Viewers had taken to Twitter to share their thoughts. READ MORE: Kate Garraway calls out Prince Harry for 'inaccurate' Lilibet detail Ant and Dec did not seem to notice the fall and continued with the show. There was an advert break shortly after the fall and Stephen was quick to address the incident as the break ended. Sharing the moment on Twitter, Pamela Newman said: "Shrek fell off the stage, and you never even noticed." Someone was seen in the background helping the Shrek character up as he steadied himself. @beccajanecooper shared: "I am crying at Shrek falling off the stage HAHAHAHA #SaturdayNightTakeaway" LauraCorfe asked: "Is Shrek ok?" with a series of laughing emojis. Lesley Jones shared: "Shrek missing the step and falling over has creased me." @RyanTheSoapking added: "OMG they actually addressed Shrek falling over. IM DEAD!! #SaturdayNightTakeaway" Don't miss... Claudia Winkleman struggles with Ant and Dec prank  [VIDEO] Ant and Dec 'would have been cancelled’ if they started out today  [LATEST] Ant leaves viewers 'in tears' over Saturday Night Takeaway gesture [DISCUSSION] @Marissa64336458 joked: "Fair play to Shrek he styled it off." @SarahSawh asked: "@antanddec We need to know if Shrek is ok after his fall live on Saturday night takeaway." Elsewhere in the episode, Claudia Winkleman took part in I'm A Celebrity Get Out Of Me Ear. Claudia was standing in a supermarket when Ant told her: "Claudia, grab a trolley you are off shopping. "Hiya, how are you?" he says in her ear prompting her to say the same to a passing colleague. She is told to say: "Excuse me, can I get some help please?" however Claudia was already struggling with the task as she began to giggle. From then on in she could not contain her laughter and went on to say how bad she felt. Watching on, Ant and Dec both joined Claudia in laughing, with Dec adding: "She can't do it!"  Saturday Night Takeaway airs on ITV on Saturdays from 7pm.