Sarah Ferguson has once again jumped to support her ex-husband Prince Andrew, saying it has been "so sad" and "difficult" watching his "demise." She described her ex-husband as an "exceptionally kind" man despite the scrutiny he has faced in recent years. Ferguson, 63, has supported her ex-husband amid the backlash he has faced worldwide for his friendship with convicted paedophile Jeffrey Epstein. The royal has vehemently denied any wrongdoing and reached an out-of-court settlement with Virginia Giuffre. The Duchess of York spoke to hosts on Good Morning America on Tuesday to discuss her new book, A Most Intriguing Lady. During the conversation, she was asked by correspondent Juju Chang about Andrew, who she has remained close to since their divorce in 1996. Ms Chang said: "You've been divorced for many, many years, and yet you've been Andrew's rock. What's it been like watching him go through this withering public scrutiny?"  Ms Ferguson replied: "So sad, so sad. "We've been there for each other — you know, when I've gone through really bad times in the past, Andrew's always been there." The Duchess, who shares two daughters with Andrew, Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie, added: "He is exceptionally kind, and he is a very, seriously good grandfather. He's very steadfast for the girls. "We are women that also have had to see the demise of a very strong man, and that has been really difficult to see." READ MORE: Prince Harry trying to brand Meghan Markle as 'Mother Theresa' Fergie's relationship with Andrew also came up in a separate interview to promote her book, when she attended The 92nd Street Y, New York on Monday. Samantha Barry, the editor-in-chief for Glamour, asked her: "You live with him [Prince Andrew] when you're in the UK. Talk to me about that relationship. It seems like a very modern divorce, you live with your ex-husband." Sarah replied: "Well, I don't really. I live in the clouds — not in my head, I travel a lot, and just very lucky. I really believe that family unity is to communicate, as we've created. I really feel strongly about it. "I also feel that he… in 1986, I married a very good man." Don't miss... Fergie says 'forgiveness in key' in thinly veiled swipe at Sussexes [LATEST] Royal fans are divided over Sarah Ferguson's £1,555 jacket [VIDEO] If Meghan and Harry 'want UK base, they should buy one'—YOUR THOUGHTS [COMMENT] The Duchess also revealed in the conversation that she hasn't received an invitation for her former brother-in-law, King Charles' coronation, set to take place in May. Asked whether she had managed to secure an invite for the historic event, the Duchess joked it's "TBD" - shorthand for "to be decided" or "to be determined". When asked whether she was planning to go, Fergie said: "The invitations haven't gone out yet. Have they?"  She added: "Well I've decided the best thing about being British around a Coronation - although I've never been to one - I think we should, I should set up a tea room at the bottom of the drive with bunting and cakes." Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/ExpressUSNews and @expressusnews