The licence fee goes towards funding BBC programmes and services, but people have to pay it regardless of whether they use these services or not. The licence fee is payable by people who are watching live TV on any channel, and is currently £159 for the year. In 2021, an estimated 270,000 more people cancelled their TV licence compared to the year before, realising they no longer required the service. But some may still be paying for a TV licence fee unnecessarily, because they may not be aware of the potential for a discount or refund. There are four groups of people who could get a refund or reduction on their TV licence. The first is blind or severely sight impaired individuals, who are entitled to a 50 percent reduction. READ MORE: Britons could save ‘more than £100 a year’ on prescriptions Those resident in care homes with ARC schemes will only have to pay a concessionary licence fee of £7.50. Over 75s who are in residences with ARC schemes are eligible for a free licence. The cost of the licence fee will also be wiped out for over 75s who are in receipt of Pension Credit. The latter is thought of as the primary way to secure a free TV licence, axing the £159 annual cost. Don't miss... NatWest offers 6.17% interest rate through ‘go-to’ savings account [EXPLAINED] Britons could slash inheritance tax bill by helping grandchildren [ANALYSIS] My win on Premium Bonds made me think about interest rates [LATEST] It is thought some 850,000 people are missing out on Pension Credit, despite being entitled to receive it. As a result, the Government is urging people to claim the so-called ‘gateway benefit’ as it is likely to open individuals up to a wide range of support. People could use the Pension Credit calculator on the GOV.UK website to see what they may be entitled to. There are many reasons behind cancelling a TV licence, but some may be worried about the price due to the cost of living crisis. READ MORE: Yorkshire Building Society launches new ISA savings accounts Refunds on the TV licence are awarded if the holder does not need their licence again before it expires. People can apply for a refund up to 14 days before the date they no longer need the TV licence. If a licence has already expired, they can apply if less than two years have passed since the expiry date. On the TV Licensing website, when applying for a refund, people should confirm they will never watch TV on any channel or service, or use BBC iPlayer. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Alternatively, they should state whether they need to cancel the licence for another reason. To apply, licence holders must fill in the online refund form, including their name on the TV Licence, address and postcode. Applicants must also mention the date from when they will no longer need the licence. When asked to provide evidence by TV Licensing, it is vital that refund applicants print out the form, or save it to print later, and sign it. While calculating precise refund amounts can be complicated, TV Licensing states it will do the hard work. Its website added: “We’ll look carefully at the information you give us and let you know if we can offer you a refund, and how much it will be.”