Queen Letizia always looks impeccable whenever she steps out for a public engagement, and tonight was no exception. The royal moved away from her usual look as she donned dark, smokey eye make-up that matched her grey, almost gothic gown. Letizia's dress was charcoal-coloured, or almost silver, and shimmered in the light. It featured three-quarter sleeves, a thigh slit, and a ruched detail that gave it a modern and edgy twist. The garment had a round neckline and it was tight fitting, showing off Letizia's slim, toned figure. The royal combined the dress with a pair of black heels and a black, leather clutch bag. READ MORE: 'World's oldest makeup' look mature women should avoid - pictures As for jewellery, she wore a dainty, dangling pair that featured two diamond studs and teardrop pendants, which glistened yellow. Her hair, which is often styled down in loose curls or straight, was tied in a stylish high ponytail. The Spanish Queen's make-up was also a little different to usual - her eyes were heavy with dark eyeshadow and eyeliner. She also wore lashings of black mascara and, on her lips, was a slick of soft pink lipstick. Don't miss... Zara and Mike Tindall raise their kids with 'sense of freedom'  [PARENTING] Achieve Kate's 'incredibly thick' locks with 'necessary' tip  [STYLE] Skin on hands and neck 'ages rapidly' - how to reduce signs of ageing [AGEING] Letizia's dress seemed to be the Cuca Maltinto Ankle-Length Dress in Grey/Brown by Spanish-based label Cortana. The dress is still on sale on Cortana's webiste, down from 835€ (£744.60) to 584,50€ (521,22). Cortana's description of the dress read: "Ankle-length dress with a round neckline and dolman sleeves. "The Cuca dress has side slit and a front seam with pleats that create a draped effect. This dress is made in a maltinto stretch silk. "The maltinto cold dyeing process means that slight colour variations may occur, making each garment one-size. "These possible variations do not affect the quality of the fabric or the garment." The royal's earrings were the Diamonds and Citrine Earrings by Spanish-based jewellers Joyeria Yanes. The bag Letizia was carrying was the Arc Clutch in Black Leather by Nina Ricci. As for shoes, Letizia was wearing the Pointed Toe 100 Pumps in Black Leather by Prada. As well as the earrings, Letizia was also wearing a simple gold ring. This was the Amor Che Tutto Move Ring by Italian jewellers Coreterno. Although the ring's band is simple, the phrase "Amor Che Tutto Move" is engraved on its exterior, adding a unique touch.