In a new blueprint published today, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders (SMMT) is urging the Government to take action in response to increasingly fierce international competition. Other countries have significantly boosted their political and economic backing for their own electric vehicle automotive sectors, positioning themselves at the front of the queue for investment. Race to Zero: Powering Up Britain’s EV Supply Chain sets out the UK’s intrinsic strengths in advanced automotive manufacturing, low carbon energy and research and development. It does, however, stress the need for an urgent response to initiatives such as the US$370billion (£305billion) Inflation Reduction Act and EU Green Deal Industrial Plan. The blueprint sets out a Green Automotive Transformation strategy that would position Britain as one of the world’s most competitive locations for advanced automotive manufacturing. It would also match its world-leading market ambition to end the sale of non-zero emission cars and vans in 2035. READ MORE: EV drivers can save £500 on home charger with car tax tip The strategy identifies investment, regulation and trade as the key pillars to anchor future vehicle production in Britain. Maximising trade opportunities, meanwhile, would help secure access to essential raw materials. Such moves will secure the essential gigafactories which can underpin EV production. The UK must act on the significant progress made by the domestic automotive sector and supply chain – and its inherent advantages. To date, more than £11billion has been invested by manufacturers in EV production locally, leading to fully electric or hybrid vehicles comprising almost a third of all UK-built cars last year, with an export value of £10billion. Don't miss... Car S.O.S returns to save a classic Ford Mondeo [NEW SERIES] Electric car owners being 'discriminated against by 'pavement tax' [SHOCKING] British expats told to take Spanish driving test or stay off roads [WARNING] By 2025, the sector is anticipated to produce more than 20 models of electric cars, vans, buses and trucks, contributing to the economy and jobs in all regions of the country. Meanwhile, every part of the UK contributes to the EV supply chain, with a 25 percent increase in the number of these businesses in the last five years. Mike Hawes, SMMT Chief Executive, said: “Britain boasts a firm foundation of EV production, backed by low carbon energy, outstanding R&D and a highly skilled and productive workforce. “We must not squander these advantages. With other parts of the world turbocharging their support for the zero emission vehicle transition, we need to step up to compete in this global race. READ MORE: Residents deny leaving 'sinister' notes on cars amid parking war “Every part of the country has a stake in the switch and with fast, decisive action we can deliver for Britain the growth, jobs and green prosperity this country deserves.” Seventeen of the world’s biggest automotive suppliers have a UK base, and a new SMMT EV Supply Chain Directory reveals that Britain produces almost every component required to manufacture tomorrow’s zero emission vehicles in some capacity. British-built EVs and their components also benefit from greener production, with the UK ranking seventh best in the world’s top 20 automotive manufacturing nations for low carbon energy. Indeed, British energy generation emissions are some 17 percent lower than the EU average, and lower than those in Germany, the US, Japan and China. Jim Holder, editorial director of What Car?, commented on the report and highlighted the need for the Government to continue to invest in the UK car industry. He said: “Today, Britain’s automotive manufacturing industry employs around 180,000 people and is capable of producing upwards of 780,000 cars a year, around eight out of 10 of which are exported. “This is a potential £70billion turnover industry that generates huge income for the country that faces being decimated due to the aggressive incentives from competing global players and slow domestic decision making. “Britain's investment and support of electric car manufacturing is fractional compared to that of the US, China and increasingly Europe. “We have the skills and infrastructure to thrive with the right backing, but our position as a global leader in automotive risks ebbing away unless equivalent support to that being offered elsewhere is available.” Richard Peberdy, UK Head of Automotive for KPMG, said: "Some countries, like the USA in the form of its Inflation Reduction Act, have developed bold policy moves to encourage inward investment in next generation manufacturing facilities for the electric vehicle supply chain - and these are proving effective at securing big bet investments from car makers. "At present, the UK is proving a less attractive proposition for new vehicle manufacturing facilities. "It’s imperative for the future of the UK car industry and its related employment and exports, that industry and government jointly address how the UK can be as globally competitive as possible.”