WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us episode eight and possible spoilers from the video game The Last of Us fans are trying to comprehend yesterday's second to last episode of the HBO-hit as Ellie (Bella Ramsey) launched into their "best performance yet" when coming up against one of the franchise's "most terrifying monsters". Episode eight, titled When We Are in Need, brings viewers back to Ellie who continues to care for a still heavily injured Joel (played by Pedro Pascal). After being forced to fend for herself, she is found by a group of questionable survivors, the Silver Lakers, while out hunting in the snowy woodland. The community in Colorado's former Silver Lake resort was mourning the loss of member Alec, a man Joel killed two episodes ago at the University of Eastern Colorado. Joel and Ellie spotted a group of what they assumed were "bandits" who attacked them when they tried to escape - Joel broke Alec's neck after being stabbed in the stomach. READ MORE: Lady Victoria Hervey claims William 'behind Harry's Frogmore eviction' It was after the Silver Lakers discover that Joel was Alec's killer and that he and Ellie were hiding inside a house just a few miles from their base that they turn to their leader. Boss David (played by Scott Shepherd) appeared kind and gracious towards Ellie at first after telling her that there is "room for you in our group". Ellie remains constantly suspicious about David and the Lakers' motives – and rightly so as they later throw her into a cage. The group imprisoned Ellie despite creepy David telling her he wants to "protect her". A clear cannibal, David is seen in episode eight comparing human beings to animals as he says Ellie has a "violent heart" and that he "should know". Later in the show, and in true Ellie Williams fashion, she manages to escape David's cage by breaking his finger before burning down the building she's trapped inside. The pair get involved in a fight and Ellie attacks David before he pins her down to the ground. "I thought you already knew," he tells her before delivering a truly spine-chilling line, adding: "The fighting is the part I like most." It concludes in a bloody mess as Ellie kills David, stabbing him repeatedly while screaming a crying, the moment fans are calling her "best performance yet". "What Bella does as Ellie in this episode of The Last of Us is more than incredible to me, it's an acting masterclass for a young actor who is exceptional," commented one viewer. Another Tweeted: "Episode 8 of The Last of Us broke me. I can't breathe in the last ten minutes, this is the best performance of Bella Ramsey so far." Viewers flooded social media with messages that Ellie and David's fight should "lead them to the Emmys". Another said: "And the Emmy goes to, Bella." Joel and Ellie share one of their most heartwarming moments in episode eight as he attempts to comfort her following the harrowing fight with David. He arrived after the horror had already unfolded and Ellie was covered in blood as she sobbed after violently stabbing David to death. Joel delivers a message he never got to say to his daughter Sarah (played by Nico Parker) as he says: "It's okay, baby girl. I got you... it's okay now." "Almost cried at the end," said one viewer as fans recognised the moment from the video game. Another added: "Joel said THE LINE... I need therapy." The Last of Us airs on HBO and HBO Max on Sundays at 9pm EST and on Mondays on Sky Atlantic and NOW on at 2am and 9pm