Unforgotten has been missing from ITV for the past two years, with fans still feeling the loss of DCI Cassie Stewart (played by Nicola Walker). Fast-forward to present day and season five has begun with a new partner for DCI Sunny Khan (Sanjeev Bhaskar). While episodes are coming out every week, there is an alternative to watching the full season. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Unforgotten. Unforgotten season five premiered on Monday, February 27, at 9pm on ITV. The crime drama, which focuses on cold cases, consists of six episodes which are coming out every Monday night in the same time slot. So long as there are no shake-ups to the schedule, the grand finale will be out on Monday, April 3. Not everyone will be as keen to wait more than a month to see how the show ends. READ MORE: Mark Steyn's GB News show branded 'materially misleading' So there is another way of watching Unforgotten season five without the long drawn-out wait. After Unforgotten series five made its debut last week, the full box set came out on ITV's streaming service ITVX. Therefore, fans have the option of either watching Unforgotten as it airs on ITV every Monday night or binge-watch the drama in full whenever they choose. Series five introduces Cassie's replacement, DCI Jessie James (Sinead Keenan) who doesn't have the best start to a new job. The day before she began working with Sunny, Jessie found out her husband was having an affair. But she needed to focus as straight away, the pair were given a case after a severed leg was found in a chimney in Hammersmith. While the leg was clearly from a murder years ago, it had been moved recently to the renovated property. So it was up to Jessie and Sunny to get cracking with their investigation. Don't miss... Endeavour’s Roger Allam on Fred Thursday's future after final series [EXPLAINER] GMB’s Richard Madeley slams Prince Harry's live therapy session [REACTION] Unforgotten's Ian McElhinney addresses playing 'Tory toff'  [CAST] What caught fans' attention the most during the first episode was the introduction of Jessie. Many took to Twitter to praise Keenan for her Unforgotten debut. One viewer tweeted: “#Unforgotten without Nicola Walker was always going to be weird, but I really enjoyed that! "Looking forward to seeing how the rest of this series plays out and the characters develop… @SineadKeenan is a great addition!" While another praised: “@SineadKeenan… more like Sinéad QUEENAN...Great debut and a cracking series opener #Unforgotten” The description for episode two reads: "The team identifies the body found in the chimney flue as forensics reveal the cause of death was by gunshot. "Jess and Sunny visit the victim's mother to break the devastating news. "They find the pair had a tumultuous relationship." Unforgotten season 5 continues every Monday night on ITV. Unforgotten is also available to watch on ITVX.