Family Guy voice actor Patrick Warburton told critics he would "no longer" apologise for the controversial cartoon and its less-than-PG storylines. The Joe Swanson sitcom star, 58, stood by his paraplegic police officer character as he reflected on people taking themselves "too seriously". Patrick has appeared in the outrageous cartoon, created by Seth MacFarlane, since its original launch back in 1999, and admitted he actually used to apologise for his role. "I apologise no more," he told Fox News in a recent interview. "I apologise no more because this world is a horrible native satire. "Everybody takes themselves too seriously," he explained. "I think in many ways become an overwhelming mess." Reflecting on why he refuses to say sorry for the programme's questionable moments, he added: "We need humour in our lives." READ MORE: BBC 'frustrated' with Ken Bruce as reason show axed early emerges Patrick told the outlet: "We need love and humour, acceptance. It's all rather simple." Although, not everyone agrees with Patrick's comments – including his own mother Barbara. She is a member of The Parents Television and Media Council (PTMC), a US-based organisation which promotes family-friendly content across the media. It was back in 2011 that she hit out at her son's role in the show, urging him to stop playing the disabled policeman in the adult-themed comedy. "The wrong messages are out there and that’s my main concern," she said in an interview at the time. She added: "Shows like these are leading toward the destruction of morality… nothing seems sacred any more." Despite her disagreement with his character, Barbara described her son as a "compassionate, wonderful, caring and sincere person". After revealing her hatred for Family Guy, Barbara actually admitted to never watching a single episode in the candid conversation with Destin Log. "I have highly encouraged him to quit the show, but it hasn’t been very successful yet," she revealed at the time. DON'T MISS: Fox Marvel star 'set for Avengers Secret Wars’ 20 years after debut Tom Brady planning career change despite signing £375m NFL deal Julia Fox flashes abs in barely-there top as she brings son to MFW Patrick's mother admitted he "isn’t one of those people" who quit roles over concerns surrounding their own convictions. "It’s a dichotomy that we have… where he wants to do shows and work with people that offend God. I don’t want to offend God," she said. Family Guy follows dad Peter Griffin and his wife Lois living in the fictional town of Quahog with their children, Meg, Chris and Stewie – a talking baby. Stewie is not only an evil genius but is best pals with the family's dog Brian, who talks. Some of Family Guy's jokes have previously landed bosses in hot water – it was back in 2009 that a partnership was pulled, promoting the new at the time Windows 7 system. Executives were not impressed by the risque gags made by creator Seth and co-star Alex Borstein at the special's taping that year. The duo joked about deaf people, the Holocaust, incest and feminine hygiene, according to Daily Variety. A spokesperson for Microsoft admitted at the time: "After reviewing an early version of the variety show, it became clear that the content was not a fit with the Windows brand."