McFly star Tom didn't specify which of his three boys had landed himself in hospital, and avoided showing the unfortunate son's face in his pictures. The star is father to eight-year-old Buzz, seven-year-old Buddy and baby of the family Max, who is four. He reassured anxious fans that despite the dramatic dash to A&E, his son is not seriously hurt, but merely suffering from a "bruised knee". Tom was able to see the funny side as he joked that he had not intended to advertise his band on the hospital visit. READ NOW: Zoe Ball bids 'emotional' farewell as she shares Ken Bruce's complaint However, his son was dressed in a McFly band sweatshirt, complete with an illustration of a winged unicorn on the front. In his haste to make the journey to seek medical help, he hadn't found time to select another. "When you take your kid to hospital (he’s fine, don’t worry!) without realising the t-shirt he’s wearing," Tom captioned the shot. He then joked about his "classic Sunday evening spent in A&E". Incidentally, it isn't the first time that Tom or a family member has been seen modelling his merch. On one occasion, the McFly star even donned one of his signature band sweatshirts while "chopping wood". "Started 2022 by chopping wood. Well, splitting wood really but chopping sounds cooler," he wrote on Twitter. Then he mischievously added: "And yes, I’m wearing my own merch. @mcflymusic’s No.1 fan!" DON'T MISS... Gavin and Stacey star urges ‘disgraceful’ Prince Harry to ‘shut up’ [LATEST] Kate Garraway shares horrendous costs of Derek's care [DETAILS] Matt Hancock no longer in I'm A Celeb WhatsApp group, says Babatunde [INSIGHT]  Meanwhile, Tom gave an insight into the kind of boisterous lifestyle that his children enjoy when he posted a photo of himself and his family sitting in a tree just hours before his hospital visit. He was also accompanied by wife Giovanna Fletcher, with whom he shares all three of his boys, and the pair gazed affectionately at one another. The bond between the family members was further illustrated by another photo of himself and Giovanna at an undisclosed outdoor location with some roosters. Also that day, he and son Buddy filmed themselves singing the Bruno Mars and Mark Ronson song Uptown Funk, with the giggling youngster shouting out the lyrics. It seems as though his son has already started to show signs of inheriting his aptitude for music. Prior to that, they'd kicked off the weekend together with a horror movie. He captioned his snap: "When the movie night is a bit spooky but you get cuddles!" Reacting to one of his children perched on their blue velvet sofa with a moody expression on his face, one delighted fan exclaimed: "Omg Buzz is already in his emo phase? Wow time flies. Beautiful family."