Mason Mount is reportedly ‘far’ away from penning a contract at Chelsea and 'increasingly likely' to leave, with several clubs circling in hope of landing themselves a cut-price deal. The playmaker’s current deal expires in the summer of 2024, though the higher powers at Stamford Bridge do not want players having the opportunity to run their contracts down. Mount has been an incredibly influential player for the Blues since breaking into the first team in 2019, winning their Player of the Season award for the last two campaigns. However, the Blues may be forced to part ways with the academy product if they continue to strike a deal with the 24-year-old. Contract extension negotiations with the England international stalled recently, with it emerging that Mount had rejected fresh offers as he is keen to pen a deal that represents his importance at the club. Talks will be reignited towards the end of the season, though Fabrizio Romano reports that it appears unlikely that an agreement will be reached. He explained: “There’s still a big gap in the negotiations between Chelsea and Mason Mount, as a new deal is, again, far from being agreed. No final decision yet but chances of Mason Mount leaving Chelsea are increasing — Mount will be on the market if a new deal is not agreed before the summer.” Don't miss... Liverpool's four options to replace Klopp to become three after talks [LATEST] Liverpool have been heavily linked with signing Mount if he is offloaded this summer, with Jurgen Klopp a long-term admirer of the playmaker. The Reds are keen to bolster their ranks in the centre of the park, though Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham is top of their shopping list for the end of the season. Manchester United are also keen on Mount, with Manchester City speculatively linked as an option if they reshuffle their ranks. Though former Premier League star Darren Bent believes that Newcastle should be in the race to sign the midfielder. Don't miss... Chelsea woes under Graham Potter explained as Kai Havertz lifts lid [INTERVIEW] Chelsea tipped to snub Raphael Veiga due to 'other priorities' [LATEST] Chelsea chief Boehly gets one over on Newcastle with 'Whisper' deal [NEWS] He told talkSPORT: “I'm surprised Newcastle aren't heavily in for him because he would be perfect [for them]. Surely if you're trying to get to the next level, he is exactly what you're looking for. "He's young, he's English, he's an international. He's played in big, big games, won big trophies and been a player of the year at his club. If you're trying to build and attract players to your club, you don't go and buy someone who is 28, 29, that is maybe in between the next level or starting to fall away. He's not even in his prime yet." Free £2 shop bet with William Hill every day of the Cheltenham Festival - plus all the fantastic daily coverage you need Pick up your Daily Express every day of the festival for racing specials, day by day updates and free bet EVERY DAY. Celebrate the biggest racing week of the year- the Cheltenham Festival. One of the most prestigious National Hunt Meetings of the calendar is not to be missed…and we’ve got a bumper week of amazing content and great reader offers. Find out more HERE