Lorraine Kelly, 63, issued an apology after Kate Garraway sported the ITV star's face over her green outfit. The Good Morning Britain presenter caused a stir leaving viewers taken aback after the cheeky blunder. Kate, 55, and Lorraine, 63, couldn't contain their laughter as show producers messed around with their outfits on Thursday morning. The GMB presenter dressed in an all green ensemble with matching shirt and trousers, which divided those tuning in as some compared her to the Incredible Hulk. Her attire was then used as a green screen when she stood up and Lorraine's face appeared on Kate's body but it was more than viewers bargained for. As one viewer noted: "Not sure @GMB thought this one through @reallorraine cleavage projected onto @kategarraway #itv #gmb." READ MORE: Saving Private Ryan's Tom Sizemore's sons urge dad to 'wake up' Lorraine took to Twitter and issued a cheeky apology for the blunder. In view of 783,000 followers she penned: "OMFG - I can only apologise profusely for the damage inflicted!!" The post was accompanied with a snap of Kate with Lorraine's face and cleavage plastered across the GMB host's body. Viewers flocked to comment on the post, as Brett penned: "The amalgamation of two legends I didn't know I needed!" Lizzie penned: "Poor you and Kate!" Scott quipped: "My mother noticed it straight away. I told her it'll end up on Twitter." Deborah shared: "A meme is born." JJ added: "Thought I had a crack on my screen." During Thursday's episode of GMB, Kate stood up to reveal her changing outfit, which at one stage flipped to an image of Lorraine laughing on the front of her dress. The dresses then changed to all the colours of the rainbow, as the two hosts revealed which were there favourite colours. Lorraine admitted she liked her dress in yellow best, while Kate preferred the purple option after "trying on" a variety of colours. The prank comes after Susanna Reid was forced to change outfits last minute on GMB on Wednesday after suffering from two wardrobe issues. Susanna had only minutes to spare before going live, when her director informed her the pink dress she had chosen was blending into the background. She then slipped into a red dress, but had a new outfit mishap when the second dress "gaped open" at the chest. She was forced to rely on a quickly sewn on button to secure the ensemble and ensure she was covered up sufficiently. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays on ITV at 6am and Lorraine airs at 9am on the same channel.