Kate Middleton has revealed that her children, and particularly Prince Louis, love their time outdoors and in the garden. The Princess of Wales discussed her children during a visit to Wales earlier this week. Alongside Prince William, Kate viewed a therapy garden at a rehabilitation centre, where the Princess praised the benefits that gardening and spending time outside can bring. She revealed four-year-old Louis asks to play outside in the garden every day after school. Speaking to those at the garden, Kate was heard saying: "Louis comes home and says: ‘I need to get my energy out'." Louis is currently enrolled in his first year of Lambrook School, the same school as his brother and sister Prince George and Princess Charlotte. All three of the Wales' children go to the £50,000-a-year school in Windsor.   Fortunately for Louis, Lambrook School has been described by parents as "pretty bucolic". The youngest prince may even have joined the school's Forest Fridays where the youngest pupils head into the school grounds to build dens and roast marshmallows near a fire. During her time in the therapy garden, the Princess of Wales recalled her visit to a forest school in Denmark in February 2022 and how the children there enjoyed campfire songs. Last September, when the children started the new school year, Sunday Times Royal Editor Roya Nikkhah said the Windsor school was perfectly suited for the royal children and offered a different experience when compared to London schools. READ MORE: Chris Rock slams Meghan Markle's race claim about the Royal Family  She told Lorraine on ITV: "It's a very different setup. There's a lot of emphasis on the outdoors, there are animals there, a miniature golf course, and peacocks that roam free throughout this school. "It's a very special, lovely school where children are encouraged to get outdoors. "That's part of the plan for William and Kate for their children to get outdoors and have a more normal life." DON'T MISS: We must never again give power to power-hungry people [COMMENT]Harry and Meghan will ‘hold the upper hand’ at Charles’s Coronation [LIVE BLOG]Attempts to ban silent thought or prayer - an assault on free speech [COMMENT]  It was not the only disclosure about the Wales' children in the past, as the couple also revealed how Prince George is now learning to tackle rather than playing the non-contact game tag rugby. Kate said: “They are trying to teach him the rules. “They move them around for their confidence. Because he is tall, he has the physique. “But then there is Louis coming. Charlotte also does rugby.” 