Health chiefs have announced that over 75s and care home residents will be among those offered a COVID-19 booster vaccine in England and Wales this Spring. Others eligible for the jab - including immunosuppressed individuals and children aged five and over - will have the option to receive the vaccine approximately six months after their previous dose. Experts of the Joint Committee of Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) COVID-19 Committee said the spring booster would offer an opportunity for vulnerable individuals to top-up their immune defences. NHS England has yet to confirm the specific details of the roll-out, but all information is set to be confirmed at a later date. The boosters available will include the Pfizer, Moderna and Sanofi/GSK vaccines, depending on local supply. Professor Wei Shen Lim, chair of the JCVI’s Covid Committee, said: “Vaccination remains the best way to protect yourself against COVID-19 and the spring booster programme provides an opportunity for those who are at highest risk of severe illness to keep their immunity topped up. “This year’s spring programme will bridge the gap to the planned booster programme in the autumn, enabling those who are the most vulnerable to be well protected throughout the summer.” READ MORE: Millions to get Covid booster this winter as offer ends for under-50s The Novavax monovalent (wild-type variant) vaccine will also be offered should all alternative products be deemed clinically unsuitable. Children under the age of 12 who are immunosuppressed will be offered a version of the Pfizer/BioNTech tailored to younger age groups. Doctor Mary Ramsay, head of immunisation at the UK Health Security Agency, said: “COVID-19 is still circulating widely, and we have recently seen increases in older people being hospitalised. “It is important those at highest risk of severe illness do not become complacent and I would encourage everyone who is eligible to come forward once the booster programme starts." Don't miss... No plans to widen Covid booster scheme in UK despite tripledemic fears [LATEST] Millions to get Covid booster this winter as offer ends for under-50s [LATEST] Last call for Covid boosters for adults under-50, NHS warns [LATEST] The decision to limit vaccine availability in the upcoming programme means there will no longer be Covid jabs for a greater portion of the population. In previous statements, the JCVI highlighted that vaccine uptake was waning, which reinforced their decision to reduce the offer of a third dose. The health body also said it was following a course of action that supports a transition away from the pandemic emergency response. Offering the COVID vaccination to the most vulnerable means that anyone who develops a new health condition will still be able to receive a booster if advised by a doctor. READ MORE: Covid boosters too close together 'wipe out' immune response The Welsh Government has also confirmed an autumn booster campaign will be rolled out later this year, following advice from the JCVI. Sir Frank Atherton, Wales’ Chief Medical Officer, said: “For anyone who hasn’t yet received your primary course of the original booster - it’s not too late. “Please make an appointment to get your booster by the end of this month or your primary course by June 30.” The Medical officer stressed that the vaccination continues to offer the best protection against Covid, which continues to circulate widely in some communities. Guidance issued by NHS England last week advised GP practices to plan for the spring Covid booster campaign to start on April 3rd for care home residents. The report stated that the wider spring booster campaign would be rolled out from Monday, 17 April 2023. The NHS flu vaccine also continues to be eligible for eligible residents, including anyone who is pregnant or aged over 50. To book an appointment for an NHS flu vaccination, speak to your GP or local pharmacy.