Netflix’s latest dating series, Perfect Match came to an end last week with Georgia Hassarati and Dom Gabriel winning an all-expenses paid trip. But, the couple has since broken up and Georgia is now dating Too Hot To Handle’s Harry Jowsey, something she has recently discussed.  Perfect Match saw the return of the ultimate dating show, starring well-known faces from Netflix. It featured cast members from The Circle, Too Hot To Handle, Love is Blind and The Mole who were all looking for love. Throughout the series, fans were rooting for Too Hot To Handle star Georgia Hassarati and The Mole’s Dom Gabriel to go all the way to the finale. The couple also proved to be a favourite among their co-stars as they voted them as the perfect match, winning them the competition. READ MORE: Queen Camilla makes Antiques Roadshow history with rare find  After the series ended, Dom and Georgia confirmed they were no longer together and cited long distance as the reason for their breakup. This was believable as Dom lived in Canada, while Georgia was an Australian living in Auckland. Ahead of the confirmation, many of Georgia’s followers were already aware of the split as the star had gone public about her romance with Harry Jowsey. Reflecting on the relationship: Georgia shared: “There was a lot of doubt around mine and Dom’s connection.   “I feel like a lot of people threw different challenges and different hurdles at us and we overcame them all. “Because everyone was testing us so hard, I thought people didn’t see that we had a connection." Speaking on the Where Are They Now update video, Dom added: “It felt good to win, having everybody root for you, I was definitely shocked. “After the show, we ended before we even got the chance to redeem our prize.” DON'T MISS...Sam Claflin ‘couldn’t stop crying’ filming Daisy Jones and the Six [INSIGHT]Perfect Match's Chloe Veitch drops huge relationship update [UPDATE]Perfect Match fans fume at Netflix after star exits dating series [REACTION] Georgia explained: “We were at different levels of the relationship and he’s such an amazing person. “The last thing I wanted was for it to be an ugly ending to something so beautiful.” However, Dom didn’t feel the same way, as he recalled: “We were still talking, we were together and she had to go do a certain podcast. “The podcast came out and the title of the podcast was ‘Georgia and Harry Jowsey fall in love,’ I would say I was blindsided.” Speaking on her new romance, Georgia shared: “Meeting Harry was so weirdly unexpected. “Obviously, he’s Australian, I’m Australian. I’m from Queensland, he’s from Queensland. “We both get on the same Netflix TV show, there are so many synchronicities and similarities between us and that is the perfect recipe for me to find someone when there’s no pressure.” Georgia continued: “Dom I think you are genuinely one of the most amazing people I’ve ever met, thank you so much for making my experience so enjoyable, I wish you all the best.”  Perfect Match is available to stream on Netflix. 