Chelsea have beaten Newcastle to the signing of highly-rated Jamaican teenager Dujuan ‘Whisper’ Richards. The prolific attacker’s hometown club has announced his departure to the Premier League club on a pre-contract agreement. Richards has agreed pre-contract terms with the Blues and will be added to their long list of arrivals under co-owners Todd Boehly and Behdad Eghbali. It comes with Chelsea widely expected to sign RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku in the summer. Newcastle had Richards on trial with their academy but it appears that the Magpies have been beaten to the signing by top-flight rivals Chelsea. The 17-year-old has caught the attention of Europe’s top clubs with 31 goals and 19 assists for Phoenix All Stars Football Academy last season. “On behalf of the Phoenix All Stars Football Academy, I am proud to announce the signing of Dujuan ‘Whisper’ Richards to Premier League giants Chelsea FC,” a statement published on Instagram said. Don't miss... Liverpool told they are only club who can pull off deal for Mount [GOSSIP] “I am elated to be apart of history and to know that this is just the first step for Whisper as he’ll continue to develop and become the superstar he’s destined to be. Whisper I am proud of you. Heart and love every time.” Chelsea supporters could get their first glimpse of Richards as he has earned his first call up to the Jamaican senior national team. He could feature alongside Blues youngster Omari Hutchinson in games against Trinidad & Tobago and Mexico. Meanwhile, Chelsea boss Graham Potter hailed a ‘really good’ week after a third consecutive victory. The West Londoners beat Leicester 3-1 after victories over Leeds and Borussia Dortmund. Hailing the togetherness of his squad after a difficult few months, Potter said: "It's been a really good week. Three wins. Don't miss... Mason Mount 'misses out on £10m' after rejecting Chelsea contract [GOSSIP] Havertz can save Chelsea career and repay Potter in Leicester clash [ANALYSIS] Chelsea at risk of seventh transfer mistake in 16 years with £50m call [LATEST] “A determined performance against Leeds and then a great one against Dortmund and to back it up today is really good from the players because it's not easy to do that in the Premier League, so I'm delighted for them. I'm delighted for the supporters, they were fantastic. "It's been a team performance over the week. It takes time to develop that, but the spirit is growing. The togetherness I really like, fighting to play, ready to play. Marc Cucurella has been out of the squad for a while but has now put in two great performances. “It epitomises what we need in the squad. I'm delighted for the players because it's been a tough period we've been through and now we can look forward to the weekend to try and finish off before the international break with three points."