Arsenal youngster Marcelo Flores has signed a new two-year contract, according to reports. The Mexican's previous deal was set to expire at the end of this season. Flores, 19, has made the bench on one occasion for the Arsenal first team but is yet to make his debut. He was an unused substitute in the 3-0 loss at Crystal Palace last April. The attacking midfielder, who can also play out wide, is spending this season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo. However, he has struggled for game time, making just 14 appearances in all competitions, seven as a starter. He hasn't played a single minute since December 22 and has remained on the bench for the last nine matches. Flores made his senior debut for Mexico shortly after turning 18 and has won three caps in total. READ MORE: Man Utd set for five changes vs West Ham with double doubt  With his contract expiring in the summer, Arsenal had to make a decision about his future. Mexican football reporter Fernando Cevallos claims the Gunners have given him a new deal to keep him at the club until 2025. He says Flores' priority is to stay on loan in Spain for another season but not necessarily at Oviedo. Cevallos told Fox Sports Mexico: "What we can tell you is that he has renewed for two more years with Arsenal, they have extended his contract and the priority for Marcelo Flores will be to stay in Spain for another year. "It does not mean that he is going to stay at Real Oviedo. Oviedo ends the loan in the summer and will sit down to see if there is a project for him here, but the priority is to stay in Spain, there are already a couple of teams interested in [him]." DON'T MISSLiverpool boss Klopp finally given chance to start quartet togetherTottenham could sign four PSG stars as owners 'plan to clear out £100m'Chelsea could sign four PSG stars with 'mass exodus on cards'  Cevallos claims another year in Spain for Flores would get him a European passport, which would help him further in his career. He added: "Why Spain? "Because with one more year playing in Spain, he automatically receives a European passport, which opens the doors to all of Europe, so the priority is to stay in Spain on loan. It does not mean that it is Oviedo, although Oviedo will have a hand in some negotiation." Reports in December claimed Flores could change loan clubs and move back to Mexico to join Club Leon. But the decision was made for him to remain at Oviedo until the summer at least. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here 