Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag may regret his team selection after being warned of Casemiro’s red card in the 0-0 draw with Southampton. The Brazilian will miss the Red Devils’ next four matches against Fulham, Newcastle, Brentford and Everton but the incident could have been avoided. After 34 minutes at Old Trafford, Casemiro made a crunching tackle on Southampton’s Carlos Alcaraz which was initially deemed a yellow card offence by referee Anthony Taylor. However, the VAR official on duty told Taylor to review the decision and upon checking the pitchside monitor, Casemiro was given his second red card in his last three Premier League games. The Brazilian had to be consoled by his compatriot Casemiro as he exited the pitch, but United icon Paul Scholes previously felt that the 29-year-old was due a rest. “I don’t think Ten Hag likes making lots of changes,” Scholes told BT Sport after United’s win over Real Betis on Thursday. “He likes players having rhythm, but with the schedule and the amount of games they’ve played, some of these players need a rest now. I thought Shaw looked like he needed a rest tonight, Casemiro looks like he needs a rest.” JUST IN Man Utd told Antony deal was 'madness' by man who spent £50m on flops [TRANSFERS] Casemiro struggled in the 7-0 humiliation by Liverpool the week prior as his individual performance was picked apart by the likes of Gary Neville and Roy Keane, though he stayed on the pitch for 76 minutes at Anfield and then a few days later in the Europa League played the entire game despite United strolling to a 4-1 victory. Marcus Rashford, Antony, Fred, Luke Shaw and Diogo Dalot were withdrawn against the Spanish side. However, Ten Hag feels that it was not being overplayed that saw Casemiro shown another red, but the Premier League officials as he launched into a rant at full-time. Don't miss... Casemiro to be handed long suspension in major blow for Man Utd [REACTION] Man Utd players wearing black armbands vs Southampton explained [TRIBUTE] BBC crisis hits Sunday shows as Chelsea vs Man Utd and MOTD2 impacted [LATEST] "Definitely [a penalty should have been given for a foul on Rashford]. There's no doubt. I don't know why VAR didn't interrupt," he told Sky Sports. "Casemiro played over 500 games in Europe and never once got a red card. Now he has two in the Premier League. His absence is not the issue. We will deal with that. This game was influenced by the referee. "What I think is the inconsistency, players don't know any more what the policy is. Big compliments to the team. They showed big character to play so long with 10. They were physically and mentally strong to get a point." United have already decided against appealing the red card and Casemiro will get his rest in the forthcoming weeks, though the midfielder will be available for United’s European return fixture away to Betis on Thursday.