On Saturday, people across the globe were given the opportunity to tune into a live online therapy session between Prince Harry and trauma therapist Dr Gabor Maté. However, when speaking about the live-streamed conversation, Good Morning Britain’s Richard Madeley slammed the Duke of Sussex. Over the weekend, the public were given the opportunity to see Prince Harry open up for over an hour on zoom as he spoke about his personal trauma and healing.For £17.99, with a free copy of his memoir Spare thrown in, audiences heard the Duke of Sussex candidly touch on his relationship with his wife and dealing with the loss of his late mum, Princess Diana.However, it looked as though not everyone was impressed with the intimate event as Good Morning Britain’s Richard Madeley questioned when the 38-year-old will stop.Introducing the discussion, Richard said: “I mean, just before we talk about whether or not they’re going to be coming to the coronation. READ MORE:Sunday Brunch viewers slam ‘uncomfortable’ Crufts judge inspection “Another headline in all the papers on Saturday, after yet another interview that Harry gave, the big quote from this one was, ‘I’m from a broken family’.“I have to say when I read it I thought, ‘Are you ever, ever going to stop moaning? Are you ever going to shut up?’”Sharing his thoughts, Royal correspondent Jack Royston added there are two sides to that point as Prince Harry did encounter tough times growing up with his family.He commented: “He did have a very difficult upbringing, we focus a lot on Princess Diana dying, but I think it was probably a very difficult time while the marriage was disintegrating as well. “However, if you’re going to describe yourself as being from a broken family you do also have to acknowledge all the privilege that comes with royal life when you make that point.”Highlighting Prince Harry was brought up in palaces with people waiting on them, the royal correspondent shared the Duke was given the best education money can buy.Richard swiped: “There are compensations aren't there?”Although his co-host Susanna wasn’t happy with how Richard had referred to Prince Harry’s conversation with the trauma expert. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale’s Naomi Walters puts Charles’ temper to the test with ambush [SPOILER] Coronation Street's Amy Barlow actress pays tribute to co-star [INSIGHT] BBC Breakfast host jokes he'll leave over 'natural' young reporter [VIDEO] Interrupting, she asked: “I’m sorry, did you refer to it as an interview? It’s not an interview.“It’s a live therapy session, a live-streamed therapy session.“The complaint about invading privacy becomes weaker and weaker when you allow a live-streamed, ticketed, paid-for event which is about as intimate as you can get.”During Prince Harry’s live steam therapy session, Dr Maté diagnosed him with Attention Deficit Disorder along with the Duke compared himself to his mother. Explaining they both didn’t find it easy within the firm, Harry commented: “I felt different from the rest of my family.“I felt strange being in this container and my mum felt the same. My body was in there but my head was out or vice versa.“Whenever I was my true self, it was almost ‘don’t be yourself, come back to what you’re expected to be'."Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV1 and ITVX from 6am.