Energy bills have already risen by 27 percent since last October and are expected to increase by even more, £500, in April. This is due to pending changes to the energy price guarantee, which is the Government’s flagship policy to reduce gas and electricity prices for the average household. As it stands, the energy price guarantee is sitting at £2,500 for typical households which is the maximum amount a household with average usage will pay a year. It should be noted that the price guarantee places a limit on the amount suppliers can charge for the price per unit of gas and electricity, and is not an overall cap. Any households which exceed the average household usage will likely have to pay more towards their energy bills. However, the Government is set to raise the price guarantee from £2,500 to £3,000 annually as of April 1, 2023. READ MORE: Inheritance tax expert says now is a good time to use up allowance If this is carried out, households with an average energy consumption will have to pay around £500 more a year. As well as this, the Government is not continuing its £400 energy bill grant despite keeping the various cost of living payments for vulnerable households from last year. This £400 sum was handed out to every household in instalments between October 2022 and March 2023. With the end of this support, Britons are losing a potentially much-needed grant just before the £500 rise in energy bills comes into play. Despite this, experts are highlighting that support in combating the increase in energy prices can come outside of Government too. Notably, energy suppliers are stepping up to the plate and offering their grant schemes, as well as alternative payment plans for those who need more time to settle debts and bills Andy Kerr, the founder of BOXT, shared why energy suppliers could be a crucial lifeline for households in the months ahead. He explained: “If you’re struggling to afford your energy bills, the first thing you should do is contact your energy supplier to discuss ways to pay them what you owe. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “Your energy supplier has to help you come to a solution, but ensure you negotiate a deal that works for you and your monthly budget. “If you have asked to set up a payment plan, this will include what you owe plus an amount for your current use.” The energy expert outlined what Britons should be doing to make sure they are paying the right amount and getting the support they need. Mr Kerr added: “Your supplier must take into account how much you can afford to pay and how much energy you’ll use in future, so make sure you have your monthly income and outgoings on hand. “Also, send regular meter readings and or get a smart meter installed so your bill is always based on accurate usage rather than an estimate. “This means you’re less likely to be overpaying and also don't risk underpaying then getting a big catch-up bill further down the line.” The exponential rise in energy bills has come at a time when consumers are having to deal with soaring inflation. January 2023’s Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation came to 10.1 percent which is an additional financial pressure outside of gas and electricity prices increasing.