My 600lb Life star Chuck Turner weighed a whooping 693lbs when he first appeared on the hit TLC reality programme back in 2014. He lived with his unhappy wife Nissa who complained about being Chuck's "caretaker" after comparing his life to that of a "patient". They were adopted parents to Nathan and their relationship was unstable due to Chuck's eating habits and extremely unhealthy lifestyle. During his first appearance on the wild US TV show, Chuck told cameras that he wasn't overweight as a child but had in face piled on the pounds in his adult life. He admitted gaining weight after his 30th birthday, around the time his first wife was tragically murdered back in 2006 – sending him into a spiral of depression. Chuck had later married Nissa, and together the pair underwent weight loss surgery – but his spouse soon felt Chuck "wasn't supportive" and subsequently ended things. READ MORE: 1000lb Best Friends’ Meghan pays tribute to Vanessa after 100lb loss It was that switch-up in Chuck's relationship that inspired him to turn his life around in a bid to win back his beloved wife – who claimed he was "taking his anger out on her". Chuck underwent more surgery to remove a massive lymphedema from his leg – and shortly after, the couple got back together. At the end of his first TV appearance, he'd managed to slash his weight in half, losing 350lbs and getting back into a healthy lifestyle – everything was seemingly going okay. Now a somewhat slender 343lbs, Chuck was happy with his dramatic transformation. Chuck later returned to TV screens in an episode of My 600lb Life: Where Are They Now? back in 2015 and things had really changed in his life. He had managed to maintain his new healthy life, keeping his weight down despite a slight setback when he gained around 20lbs but he quickly got back on track. Working with doctors for around two years, Chuck eventually reached his goal of reaching just 250lbs, weighing in at 243. It was a stark contrast from his original near-700lbs and he had further planned to reach the 200 mark, his final target after slashing 450lbs in total. DON'T MISS: 1000lb Sisters’ Tammy Slaton breaks down before weight loss surgery 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton receives major weight loss news 1000lb Sisters’ Amy and Tammy ‘fighting for more money’ Everything appeared positive in Chuck's life, he had reached his target weight and was enjoying his health fix – but two things were missing. Speaking in the Where Are They Now? episode, he revealed that his wife Nissa had finalised their divorce and had taken Nathan with her. He was devastated as Nissa took full custody, but he began going out with friends. Previously living as a hermit when at his heaviest, Chuck was trying to get out more to forget about the troubles in his private life, also attending church too. Despite losing his wife and kid, Chuck continues to keep up his healthy lifestyle to this day and looks totally unrecognisable from his days on TLC. Updates on his Facebook page show he is still running his own business, Turner Wrecker, which had been previously hit by his weight gain. He had to turn down work after becoming too heavy to carry out jobs, but things have totally turned around for Chuck despite all of his major setbacks. His most recent TV appearance also saw him try and get back into the dating scene, but his current social media still says he is "divorced" - so he is likely still single. My 600lb Life season 11 continues Wednesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.