The maximum amount people can claim for childcare on Universal Credit is to be increased under changes to be set out in the Budget later this week. People currently have to pay for the childcare themselves and then receive the funding back in arrears from the DWP. Those who are in paid work or who are starting a job in the next month can claim the help. For a claimant who lives with a partner, both of them need to be in paid work unless one partner cannot look after the children. The changes are part of a series of changes to be announced in the Budget on Wednesday, March 15. READ MORE: Hundreds of Nationwide customers paid £250 - how to apply for cash boost In efforts to get benefit claimants back into work, more job support programmes are to be put in place. Hundreds of thousands of claimants will be required to do more to look for work and to increase their hours. Some 700,000 lead carers of children on Universal Credit will see their work search requirements increased and they will get extra work coach help with this. The administrative earnings threshold (AET), which is the minimum amount a person can earn without having to regularly meet with a work coach, is also to increase.  Don't miss... BT, Sky, TalkTalk, Virgin and Vodafone hike broadband and mobile costs [BROADBAND] WASPI woman slams DWP for just two years warning of age change [STATE PENSION] ‘Dominoes falling’ - Financial crisis warning as US bank crash spreads [BANK CRISIS] The threshold is to go up from the equivalent of 15 hours of earnings at the National Living Wage to 18 hours. Ministers are to scrap couples' AET, which means a second member of a claimant household may not have to look for work. More than 100,000 additional claimants will have to meet regularly with their work coach as a result of this. The sanctions regime is also to be reinforced with extra training to make sure work coaches are applying sanctions effectively. READ MORE: Barclays announces 14 more bank branches to close this year - full list of new closures Sanctions reduce a claimant’s payment if they have failed to comply with the conditions of their Claimant Commitment, such as not looking for work. Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said: “Those who can work, should work because independence is always better than dependence. “Already we’re seeing near record levels of employment in Britain, but we need to go further to build a country that rewards work and gives everyone the chance of a better future. “But for many people, there are barriers preventing them from moving into work – lack of skills, a disability or health condition, or having been out of the jobs market for an extended period of time. “I want this back-to-work Budget to break down these barriers and help people find jobs that are right for them.” Ministers are also to publish a Health and Disability White Paper as part of the Budget with plans to scrap the Work Capability Assessment. Disabled people currently have to undergo a health assessment to be found incapable of work to get additional income support. The Government says scrapping the assessment will allow disabled people to try working without the concern of potentially losing their benefits.