The bursts of warmer weather is encouraging weeds to grow, and they’re really annoying between patio slabs or driveway cracks. The experts at Simply Paving revealed the best ways to remove weeds, and what you can do to make sure they never return. The experts said: “When it comes to removing weeds, you can get the best results with the most straightforward method: stripping them out by hand. “Ensure you wear a thick pair of gardening gloves to protect your hands and get a good grasp on the stems, then pull the weeds out, roots and all.” There are also a few common household solutions that can make the removal of weeds easier. They shared: “White vinegar and salt can be used to dry out the weeds, often making them easier to remove. READ MORE: Steps to fix your lawn after snowfall and allow it to ‘thrive’ “But removing weeds is only half the job: you need to ensure they don’t just return in a month’s time too. There are some simple ways to keep your patio free of weeds.” The first was sprinkling bicarbonate of soda on weeds, and the second was using boiling water. “Bicarbonate soda is probably the simplest and safest way to soften up and kill weeds,” the experts said. “All you need to do with it is sprinkle it over your patio slabs and then sweep it into the gaps between your slabs. Don't miss... Mum worries she’s ‘mean’ for refusing daughter to stay over boyfriends [COMMENT] Meghan Markle puts her own needs before Harry’s, expert claims  [VIDEO] McVitie's digestives compared to supermarket’s own in a taste test  [REVIEW] “Once you’ve done this, simply pour some water down the gaps too. “Not only does this kill the roots, the combination of bicarbonate soda and water also means they’ll be easier to uproot too. “If you repeat this process every month or so, you’ll easily be able to stop grass growing between slabs.” As for pouring boiling water on weeds, the experts continued to explain: “Boiling water can cause serious damage to any weed roots or seeds you missed with your gardening gloves. READ MORE: Eight easy gardening tips to ‘increase the value’ of your home “Simply boil the kettle, or heat up some water in a pan, and then pour the boiling water into the gaps between the paving slabs to prevent weeds from growing. “Pouring boiling water onto weeds can also make pulling them out easier. The soil and roots soften up and do not cling as stubbornly to the earth. “Make sure to take care when pouring the boiling water, always pouring from a short height and directly onto the weeds themselves.” Simply Paving added: “These tips will help to stop weeds growing in your patio, as well as algae and moss. “But, if your patio does need a little more TLC when it comes to removing algae or pesky lichens, which are the black and white spots that cover your paving slab, then there are some easy steps you can take.” “1. Wearing protective gloves, dilute equal parts warm water and bleach and mix together. When combining any harsh chemical, like bleach, to water, always remember to fill your bucket with water first, and then add the chemical. This helps to reduce potential splashback. “2. Pour the solution over your algae and lichen-covered areas and leave it to work its magic for a few minutes. “3. When ready, rinse away with clean water. The bleach should have lifted the algae away by itself, but if it hasn’t, a quick scrub with a hard-bristled brush and more water should clear away any remaining green specks. “4. Lichens will take several scrubs to remove completely, so keep repeating step three until your block paving is all clear. It could take around four or five attempts to remove every lichen speck, so be patient and persevere – we promise your efforts will pay off,” the explained.