Lewis Hamilton is unlikely to win an eighth title at Mercedes this season as fears grow that Mercedes are “unravelling”, according to Ted Kravitz. The Sky Sports F1 pundit stressed the Silver Arrows are unlikely to be competitive for “another year” in a dent to Hamilton’s ambitions. The German manufacturer appeared to struggle over three days of pre-season testing in Bahrain which has dampened expectations for the new campaign. Kravitz told Sky Sports F1’s Vodcast: “Unless something really weird happens. Lewis is not going to win an eighth championship this year is it. “Eventually he is still looking for an eighth. The other ‘E’ word at Mercedes is eventually. Toto said at the launch, ‘we hope to have a car capable of challenging for the championship eventually’. “George Russell used eventually twice in one answer at day two in the press conference in Bahrain. I mean they are still catching up from how many months they were behind, nine, ten, eleven months behind with last year’s car. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton contract speculation spikes as Damon Hill shares theory “I think it's going to take another year for Mercedes at least.” The Silver Arrows failed to trouble Red Bull and Ferrari’s pace in Sakhir while Aston Martin could prove worthy opponents in the fight for third. The team were also plagued with a series of issues which limited their running. Hamilton was forced to abandon crucial time behind the wheel after suffering a damaged floor. Meanwhile, Russell was forced to stop 90 minutes before the end of the day on Friday due to a mechanical failure. Engineers have since confirmed the issue was a hydraulics glitch which will be a concern heading into 2023. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton tipped to reject deal and retire if conditions not met [INSIGHT]Fernando Alonso issues Ferrari warning that may impact Lewis Hamilton [ANALYSIS]Mercedes set to 'eat humble pie' as Hamilton and Russell face problem [COMMENT] Mercedes struggled with porpoising last season but bounced back to challenge at the sharp end after new upgrades were introduced in the United States. However, Kravitz warns Mercedes' era of dominance could be over like other dynasties before them. He added: “Championship dominant teams always unravel sooner or later. Ferrari unravelled, Ross Brawn left, Jean Todt left, Michael Schumacher. The Red Bull team with Sebastian Vettel after a rules change. Dominant teams eventually unravel and it's cyclical. “Good people leave. Andy Coles gone, James Allison’s gone on to a higher role, Niki Lauda passed away, James Vowles has gone now. Is the once dominant team unravelling?”