The UK’s state pension age rise to 68 could come into effect “earlier than planned”, according to recent reports. If existing Government proposals remain in place, older Britons will be eligible to get the state pension at 67 by 2028. However, further changes to the age threshold could see people wait longer for their state pension. Recent reports suggest that the Government is considering bringing forward the time at which the state pension age is increased to 68. It is claimed the Treasury wanted this rise to the pension age to take place as early as 2035, in just over a decade’s time. This will primarily affect those who are 54 as of today, with there being discussion of the change being implemented in 2034. Increases to the eligibility age are based on life expectancy data in the UK and are carried out to help save money. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come Official Government data suggests improvements in average life expectancy improvements have reversed since the pandemic. As such, making people wait longer for their state pension is likely to be a controversial move which may disenfranchise many in the country. Despite concerns over the likely changes to the retirement age, pensioners are set to receive an immediate financial boost in the short term. During his Autumn Statement last year, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt confirmed that the triple lock on state pension payments would be instated after being temporarily suspended during the pandemic. The triple lock is a pledge to hike the state pension by either inflation, average earnings or 2.5 percent; whichever is the highest. Using the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation for September 2022 as a metric, payments will not be raised by 10.1 percent. This will see the new state pension be raised to over £200 a week for claimants during a time of sky-high inflation and energy bills. However, concerns have been raised over the long-term viability of the triple lock and whether maintaining it could result in the state pension age being hiked even further. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing Steven Cameron, the pensions director at Aegon, outlined the dilemma facing pensioners across the country. He explained: “This will mean a record breaking increase of 10.1 percent to the state pension which is good news for state pensioners whose 3.1 percent increase last April fell short of inflation then. “However, the state pension is paid for by those of working age through their National Insurance and the 2023 increase comes with a very high price tag. “There’s a big question over whether the triple lock can be sustained in future years, when both price inflation and earnings growth are high and subject to sharp changes.” The pension expert also broke down the likelihood of changes to the state pension age which will add further anxiety to those worried about retirement. Mr Cameron added: “As well as uncertainty over future increases to the state pension, we’ll hear more in the new year on the future age at which people can draw their state pension. “There is speculation this could go up to age 68 earlier than planned, possibly from the early to mid 2030s. “The state pension is a significant part of most people’s retirement income so it’s important to understand when you’ll receive it so you can plan ahead to make sure you have adequate private or workplace pensions.”