DCI Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) bid farewell to pathologist Dr Malcolm Donahue (Paul Kaye) during Sunday's episode as the detective solved the murder of a council enforcement officer. During the case, Malcolm revealed to Vera that he was moving on to new pastures. Sunday's episode of Vera saw DCI Stanhope and her sidekick Aiden Healy (Kenny Doughty) being called to a lighthouse after a body had been found. They later discovered it was council enforcement officer and experienced amateur sailor Frank Channing. However, the team soon got to work as they lined up their suspects, and it didn't take Vera long to solve the case. Speaking in a new interview ahead of the series, Brenda paid a tribute to Paul, who has been a staple in the drama since series nine. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row “We say goodbye to the wonderful Paul Kaye as pathologist Dr Malcolm Donahue in the third new film Against The Tide," Brenda began as she paid a tribute to her co-star. "Paul is one of the most positive people I know. No matter what the circumstances he’ll find something positive to say. "There was total respect between Vera and Malcolm along with some very dry humour from him. “The relationship between Vera and Malcolm has been interesting to play. But his replacement is good news." Discussing, Malcolm's replacement, the DCI Stanhope star explained a pathologist called Dr Paula Bennett played by Sarah Kameela Impey would be joining the ITV series. "When they first meet Vera isn’t quite sure what to make of her and thinks she’s a bit too clever for her own good," Brenda said before adding: "But she is clever in a good sense. “We meet Paula in the fourth film For The Grace Of God. "That’s a really good story that deals with ex-Army personnel and homelessness when a former soldier ends up down and out on the streets of Newcastle. DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Nicky's link to Lydia in DNA twist [SPOILERS]Phillip Schofield is 'genuine' as expert speaks out on Holly 'feud' [EXCLUSIVE] "While the fifth new film, Blue is about a murdered copper found floating in a lake in a park.” Brenda has played the iconic DCI Stanhope since the series began in 2011. She was originally joined by Joe Ashworth (David Leon) until his shock departure in 2014. Joe was quickly replaced by Aiden, who has remained by Vera's side ever since.  Riley Jones, who plays Mark Edwards, has also been a staple since series one. He was later joined by Jac Williams, who is portrayed by the actress Ibinabo Jack. While Brenda has no plans of leaving anytime soon, the actress admitted she contemplates hanging up her hat and mack after filming every series. Vera airs on Sunday at 8pm on ITV.