Inflation has been crippling for the UK for many months, with the cost of living wreaking havoc on incomes. Although it may not be felt at present, experts suggest energy prices are retreating “rapidly from painful highs”. As a result, inflation is set to tumble from its double digit percentage levels, creating some level of reprieve for Britons. It is the ultimate aim for the Bank of England to bring inflation down to its target of two percent. The central bank has attempted to do so by hiking interest rates on a number of occasions - typically good news for savers. Sarah Coles, senior personal finance analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown, explained the pressure on pockets will be “relentless”, with savers impacted too. READ MORE: Britons may be able to boost their state pension She said: “Inflation remaining at elevated levels is likely to mean the pressure remains on the Bank of England to raise interest rates in the coming months. “However, for those who are waiting for the ideal moment to fix their savings, it’s key not to be lulled into a wait-and-see strategy. “Forthcoming rises are baked into current fixed savings rates, and lower interest rate expectations further ahead are also increasingly priced in. “We’ve already seen some of the best fixed rates withdrawn, and we may well see this trend continue. DON'T MISSWoman, 35, helps parents in saving £3,000 [INSIGHT]Woman ‘lost everything’ in £113,000 devious fraud attack [UPDATE]Pension reform may be on Rishi Sunak’s list [WARNING] “If you’re planning to opt for a fixed-rate savings account, it may pay to do it sooner rather than later. “The good news is that with the best one-year fix at 4.33 percent, the best two-year fix at 4.5 percent, and City forecasters estimating inflation will be around 5.2 percent this year, you can get reasonably close to matching inflation with your cash.” The chief economist of the Bank of England, however, has warned high rates of inflation might last longer than expected. Speaking at a conference in New York, Huw Pill said the UK was facing a “distinctive” combination of challenges. READ MORE: ‘Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash He suggested even if energy costs fall, the “threat” of persistent price rises could remain. Mr Pill explained: “The distinctive context that prevails in the UK – of higher natural gas prices with a tight labour market, adverse labour supply developments and goods market bottlenecks – creates the potential for inflation to prove more persistent.” When it comes to saving, people are generally urged to build up three to six months worth of expenses in an easy access account. There are various ways to save which will suit different circumstances best, so it is vital to undertake research. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Jonathan Watts-Lay, director at WEALTH at work, said: “Cash ISAs could be a great way to start saving whilst offering easy access to your savings should you need them. “It is often a good idea to set up a standing order for saving rather than waiting to see what is left at the end of the month. “This way you see saving as something you have decided to do, rather than something that is optional. “It may also be worth speaking to your workplace to see what saving vehicles they offer to help you achieve your goals.”