A horrified pregnant mother-of-one has seen her apartment infested with mice, which have gnawed at her underwear and bitten her daughter's feet. Jessica Fisher claims she has come across 13 dead mice around her home, with one decomposing in her daughter's room. They have "absolutely destroyed" the flat and left waste on her little daughter's bed and toys, the 22-year-old mum said. Ms Fisher, who is now 35 weeks pregnant, heard that mice had been multiplying in the neighbourhood from one of her neighbours a few months ago. The neighbour told her that her apartment block in Sussex Court, Grimsby, had literally been "invaded", she said. Shortly afterwards, the mum-of-one was left frightened when she started hearing scratching sounds coming from inside her own walls. Over the last few months, mice have wrecked her flat, she said, nibbling on her clothes, leaving holes in the walls, skirting boards and taking aim at her daughter's bed and toys. She told Grimsby Live: "I started hearing them inside my flat scurrying about. I wouldn't say I was scared but it creeped me out a little bit. It's been a good few months now since I started hearing them." Despite multiple pest controls to her flat, she said the issue has worsened. She explained: "They sent someone from Pest Control to put down some mouse/rat poison boxes, but it was only a session of three weeks, so now the boxes have all been taken out and it's just getting worse." She reports having seen 13 dead around the whole flat, with five found in her daughter's room. She added: "There was one in my daughter's tent that was decomposing. "The smell of it was awful, just walking into a room made everyone heave. I've found two in my bedroom, two in my front room, and one underneath my fridge the other day. They're everywhere." READ MORE: Over a third of dog owners feel regret or doubt after getting new pup With the help of her mother and brother, Ms Fisher got rid of the dead mice. But she is still concerned about "health hazard" left in the flat and how they could affect her pregnancy. She said: "It upsets me to be honest because a lot of my daughter's toys have been destroyed. They've been nibbled or they've been that badly pooed on that I've had to throw them away. "My clothes have been nibbled, even my underwear has been nibbled and I've had to throw them out. They've absolutely ruined my flat, there are just holes everywhere". She even believes that the animals have been biting her daughter's feet in her sleep, as they both found out marks on them in the morning. DON'T MISS:Every Chinese zodiac animal explained ahead of Chinese New Year 2023 [REPORT]    6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [REPORT]    Drivers who hit cats could face huge fines after actress's campaign [REPORT]  She said: "It was like flaky skin that was coming off, but her feet are always so cosy and warm in her bed so there's no reason for her skin to be chapped. It wasn't long ago that I found droppings in her bed, so I put two and two together and realised it was the mice nibbling at her feet. "She's woken up before and screamed so I don't know whether a mouse has been in her bed or touched her." The desperate soon-to-be mother of two has asked her housing provider, Lincolnshire Housing Partnership (LHP), to move her and her daughter from the mice-infested flat. After reporting the situation on "numerous occasions", she said she was told another Pest Control worker would stop by and inspect the premises. A spokesperson for LHP told GrimsbyLive that they have carried out the appropriate tasks, with a repair man blocking any access points in communal areas and pest control attending properties when residents have reported mice. The spokesperson added: "This week, a member of our Housing Team will be attending the block of flats alongside pest control experts. We will speak to all residents and inform them of an overarching treatment plan for the communal areas." READ NEXT:Aggressive 'special needs' puppy undoes miracle transformationPioneers on urban farming as movement celebrates 50th anniversaryDog shot four times in the head survives in miracle for new ownerEffective ‘tea bag’ hack to stop cats using your garden as a toiletIt’s a dog’s life training pooches after lockdown