Britons are bracing for a 3,000-mile "North Pole donut" that will send temperatures plummeting and could bring up to 10cm of snow as the brutal cold weather makes an unwelcome return. Forecasters have warned the huge circle of winds - dubbed a donut after Homer Simpson's favourite snack from The Simpsons - will trigger brutal chills and bring snow to the UK in February. Cold air is set to rapidly spread southwards as the loop in the Polar Vortex weakens, opening the path for freezing air trapped inside the Arctic Circle. The same brutal phenomenon caused the destructive "Beast from the East" in 2018 and the "Big Freeze" in 2010. Weather forecasters have warned of heavy snow for February mixed with intermittent freezing snaps and overnight frosts, according to The Mirror. Met Office forecaster Alex Deakin said: "The donut of strong winds at the Pole is the Polar Vortex. And there's a weakening of the Polar Vortex." Any changes in the Polar Vortex can trigger a weaker jet stream, allowing more frequent cold air from the Arctic. The latest weather maps from WXCHARTS show heavy snow starting to smother large parts of the UK on February 9, with 6cm forecast to fall in an area of western Scotland. This will be accompanied by a bitterly cold snap, with temperatures set to plunge to as low as -3C throughout most of England at 6am on that day. The snow intensifies heading into the weekend with almost the entire UK map turning icy white, apart from London and South West England. Nearly all of Britain is at risk of snow on February 12, with up to 7cm forecast to fall in Central Scotland, with the remainder of the UK receiving a dusting. Temperatures will again plunge, with lows of -4C forecast for midday throughout Wales and an area of southern England. The map once again begins to turn icy white on Valentine's Day, with snowfall of between 1-7cm showing, with Scotland once again being hit heaviest. READ MORE: Police search ‘abandoned’ house near where missing mum’s phone found However, it could be one of the coldest days so far in February, with the weather maps showing lows of -5C in the Midlands, -8C in Wales and -9C in Scotland. AccuWeather Senior Commodity Forecaster Dale Mohler told Express.co.uk: "Temperatures across the UK next week are likely to average 2-4C below normal early in the week, then perhaps 4-6C below normal for a few days later next week. "While there are no large scale synoptic storms shown, there may be 2-3 days where cold east winds blowing across the relatively mild North Sea waters are able to generate sea effect snow, just inland from the coast. "Areas where this is most likely to happen are from East Anglia on northwest through North Yorkshire. There can also be snow showers which would accumulate over the higher ground of Scotland and northern England. DON'T MISSTesco announces major shake-up with more than 2,000 jobs at risk [REPORT]Lord Frost outlines 12 Brexit wins as UK celebrates major milestone [COMMENTS]Missing walker's haunting words about 'spooky' path before vanishing [LATEST] "It's a little early for amounts but there can be 3-6cms from the sea effect snow, (locally over 10cms) from East Anglia to North Yorkshire while the Scottish highlands to the north can get 5-10cms. "There can also be an area of mixed rain and snow next week from northern Ireland to northwest Scotland, along the boundary between the cold air to the east and the milder Gulf Stream air mass to the west." Brian Gaze from The Weather Outlook also told Express.co.uk: "There are growing signs of temperatures dropping next week as high pressure builds northwards and colder air begins to filter in from the continent. "At the moment, most computer models are pointing towards rather cold and dry conditions which would lead to a renewed risk of frost and fog. "However, an increasing number of them, although still a minority, are forecasting a bitterly cold and potentially snowy Beast From The East weather pattern. "If that happens, the coldest and snowiest weather could be focused on southern and eastern counties. "In the past mid-February has brought some severe periods of wintry weather, and there are hints of a very cold air mass flirting with the UK on Valentine's Day this year."