Liverpool were shown how their midfield could be reshaped with two signings after being thrashed 3-0 by Brighton on Saturday. The Reds have been linked with Seagulls pair Moises Caicedo and Alexis Mac Allister in recent months, and both were excellent in the South Coast outfit’s victory. Brighton were superb against a lacklustre Liverpool team. Solly March struck a brace while veteran striker Danny Welbeck added gloss to the scoreline, which could have been far worse for the Merseysiders had it not been for goalkeeper Alisson Becker. It was in the midfield area that Brighton truly won this game. The Seagulls have shown the rest of the Premier League how to recruit cleverly, and there are few better examples than Caicedo and Mac Allister. Caicedo was a £3million arrival from Ecuadorian outfit Independiente del Valle, and has already been linked with moves worth well over 10-times more. Liverpool, Manchester United and Chelsea all expressed an interest in the summer, despite the 20-year-old having only played four Premier League games at that time. JUST IN: Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp 'very concerned' after Brighton loss Midfield partner Mac Allister was acquired from Argentinos Juniors for £6m in 2019. Just under four years on, the 24-year-old has played a key role in a World Cup win and is thriving in the Premier League. Against Liverpool, Mac Allister made his first start since returning triumphant from Qatar. His partnership with Caicedo continued in the same remarkable form as before the World Cup. Caicedo, an effervescent ball-winner, won possession more times (11) than any other Brighton player in the win. No team-mate won more duels (five), nor did they win as many tackles (three). Mac Allister, playing alongside the 21-year-old Ecuador international, carried the ball up the pitch and continually started attacks. Their tenacity and enthusiasm was the antithesis of their Liverpool counterparts, who have for a long time not been able to produce the high-energy performances of old. DON'T MISS...Liverpool crisis reaches new depths as Kaoru Mitoma destroys RedsLiverpool 'plot Neves transfer' as chances of Newcastle move ratedLiverpool told they made mistake signing Cody Gakpo over a midfielder Jurgen Klopp’s midfield is made up of players on the wrong side of 30 and younger starlets who have shown promise, but do not have the experience to compete in a side at the top of the Premier League. Caicedo and Mac Allister would refresh Klopp’s side and add some much-needed quality. Klopp has argued that he does not have the funds. The German has insisted that the January budget has already been spent on the £43m deal for Cody Gakpo from PSV, while the summer funds will largely go on Jude Bellingham, should the England star be tempted to snub Real Madrid and move to Anfield. But Bellingham will not solve Liverpool’s problems alone. This is a midfield that requires a huge overhaul. Had either player been available to Klopp, Caicedo and Mac Allister would have given Liverpool a far better chance of a positive result against Brighton.