Having been a professional British ice dancer, Jayne and her dance partner Christopher Dean were gold medal winners at the 1984 winter Olympics. They have stayed prominent in the ice dancing world ever since, winning various medals and becoming judges on the popular Dancing on Ice skating show, which has returned for it’s 15th series. Whilst Torvill has been a household name for more than 35 years, she tends to keep her home and family life out of the spotlight. While Torvill is mostly seen on screen, Sussex residents often see the Olympic skating star around the county, which is now the place she calls home. Living a peaceful life in the market town of Heathfield with her husband and two children, Torvill appears to love life in Sussex, despite originally being born in Nottinghamshire. Having been spotted on various occasions around Heathfield, Torvill is more involved in community life than some may think, having launched a video appeal to raise funds for PPE to support a local care home. The ex-Olympian also frequently posts Instagram uploads from across the county, enjoying days at the seaside with her family and time in her country-style home. READ MORE: John Torode’s quiet life with wife Lisa Faulkner in North London Heathfield is a small market town in the Wealden District of East Sussex, England, with a big view. Standing on a ridge, it is surrounded by beautiful, rolling Sussex countryside and has magnificent vistas to the south from the High Street. The area is designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. To the south lie the South Downs and the coast. To the north of the town there are beautiful views towards Ashdown Forest. The area is 16 miles from the coastal town of Eastbourne and 17 miles from the historic spa town of Royal Tunbridge Wells in Kent. DON'T MISSI used baking soda to clean my greasy air fryer - here’s the results [INSIGHT]‘Tacky’ interior trends to avoid that make your home appear ‘cheap’ [EXPERT]‘Worst place’ to keep your peace lily or risk negative effects [TIPS] London commuters have found this particular area of Sussex a perfect location to live and also access the City with a number of mainline train stations to choose from, including Etchinham, Stonegate, Buxted and Wadhurst. Heathfield has a rich and unique culture, and the strong community ties you'd expect from a quiet little town. The town had the beginnings of a village before the Norman period and is thought to have been established around the 12th century. Heathfield was awarded a Market Charter in 1316. The town was originally called Old Heathfield, which has now become the name of an old section of Heathfield. Between 1945 and 1972, the number of houses in Heathfield more than doubled as new estates were created. READ MORE: Lee Mack’s quiet life with his wife Tara in charming Surrey town From the mid-60s to the early 70s, Heathfield’s population grew at the highest rate in East Sussex. Many of the new tenants who moved to the area were retired, but with the building of the new Community Secondary School (now Heathfield Community College) in 1950, younger families soon followed. In the 1990s Heathfield and Waldron Parish Councils merged to form the biggest parish in the country, with 11,500 tenants today. In terms of house prices in Heathfield, they are relatively affordable compared to other towns in East Sussex. According to Rightmove, properties in Heathfield had an overall average price of £376,125 over the last year. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea The majority of sales in Heathfield during the last year were detached properties, selling for an average price of £495,186. Semi-detached properties sold for an average of £375,667, with terraced properties fetching £283,000. Overall, sold prices in Heathfield over the last year were seven percent up on the previous year and six percent up on the 2020 peak of £356,079. The most expensive property currently listed on Rightmove is a four bedroom detached house, with a guide price of £1,195,000. According to the listing, this property is an “impressive” 2,201 square foot detached high specification bespoke new build luxury family residence with large gardens, electric entry gates and “beautiful far reaching rural views” to Mayfield and beyond. The lowest priced property is currently a one bedroom terraced bungalow on sale with a guide price of £80,000, conveniently located for access to Heathfield with its wide range of shopping facilities.