Lola Pearce (played by Danelle Harold) has been trying her best to protect daughter Lexi Pearce (Isabella Brown) but she decides it’s time for the truth about her cancer diagnosis to be revealed. However, as Lola’s mum Emma (Patsy Kensit) secretly arrives in EastEnders, Lexi struggles to cope while striking up a friendship with her grandmother. In next week’s episodes, Lola’s worried when Lexi pretends she’s ill so she can stay off school. Ben Mitchell (Max Bowden) takes her in anyway but receives a call soon after to pick her up. Lexi’s teachers tell her dad she wants to be with her mum 24/7 until she’s better. After hearing this, Lola decides it’s time to be honest and tell her daughter she’s dying. Read more: EastEnders' Janine Butcher star still gets 'hate' over Mick storyline Lola braces herself to tell Lexi she’s dying and fears her daughter, understandably, will take the news badly. The news crushes Lexi but the schoolgirl demands to be taken back to school. Instead of crying, Lexi hits out at her mum for lying to her. After school, Lola’s mum Emma approaches her granddaughter in the playground. Emma offers some kinds words to Lexi before heading off to Fox & Hair. She books an appointment for the next day and asks for Lola. Lola returns to work and welcomes her new client oblivious to the fact it’s her mum. Emma keeps her true identity a secret but enjoys the chance and getting to know more about her daughter. DON'T MISSEastEnders boss opens up on 'challenge' of beloved character's exit [INTERVIEW]EastEnders sacking as Nish Panesar makes cruel decision [SPOILER]EastEnders fans 'work out' the new owner of The Queen Vic [THEORY] However, Lola begins to feel unwell and Denise Fox (Diane Parish) is forced to step in. Later, Emma watches Lola’s latest vlog and gets an awful shock. The new arrival returns to the salon and asks for a nail appointment as she makes the most of being close to Lola. Emma is soon discussing Lola’s latest vlog with her and the latter lets slip that a girl at school has been nasty to Lexi. She explains Lexi’s classmates have seen Lola’s videos and have lashed out, upsetting Lexi. Will Emma return to the school to step in and teach the kids a lesson? It’s clear the newcomer wants to get to know Lola but will she have the courage to reveal her true identity and make the most of the little time her daughter has left? EastEnders airs on BBC One from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm.