Buffalo Bills star Damar Hamlin is now communicating and breathing without assistance as he continues his remarkable cardiac arrest recovery. Hamlin’s condition has significantly improved over the last couple of days after he collapsed on the field midway through the first quarter against the Cincinnati Bengals - and he even told his teammates he loves them. The crucial game between the Bills and Bengals - which was set to play a big role in deciding the first seed in the AFC - was suspended amid a chilling scene following Hamlin’s collapse. With just under six minutes remaining in the opening quarter, the 24-year-old fell to the turf after making a tackle and had to be revived on the field before he was rushed to the University of Cincinnati hospital. Hamlin was placed into an artificial coma due to damage to his heart and his family reported that he also suffered further damage to his lungs. There has been an outpour of support for Hamlin and his family, with the sporting world uniting together behind the safety. On Thursday, University of Cincinnati Health physicians Dr. Timothy Pritts and Dr. William Knight announced Hamlin began to wake up that morning, while they confirmed his neurologically function was intact. While there was ‘substantial improvement’, Hamlin remained critically ill in the ICU. READ MORE: Leeds United facing uncertain future as 49ers takeover faces rival bid However, the Buffalo Bills released an update on Friday on behalf of the physicians at UCMC. The team announced Hamlin’s breathing tube was removed overnight - which means he is breathing himself - while he continues to progress remarkably. Hamlin has reportedly been speaking to his care team, family and Bills teammates. The update is incredibly heartening and speaks to the incredible effort of the medical team at University of Cincinnati, as well as on both the Bills and Bengals organisations. According to the Bills, Hamlin FaceTimed into the team meeting to talk to players and coaches. He apparently said: “Love you boys.” DON'T MISSNFL star Damar Hamlin receives positive update after cardiac arrestDoctor explains Damar Hamlin health condition after cardiac arrestDamar Hamlin 'had to be resuscitated twice' but NFL star improving The Bills are scheduled to face the New England Patriots in the final regular season match of the 2022 season this Sunday, with New England chasing a spot in the playoffs while Buffalo hope to wrap up the first seed in the conference. Iconic Pats head coach Bill Belichick was involved in a rare show of emotion yesterday as he discussed Hamlin’s condition, but he - along with so many around the NFL - will feel inspired by the safety’d progress. Josh Allen and co. will undoubtedly be looking to secure a win and build more momentum as they enter the postseason buoyed by the positive Hamlin news. The Bills have never won a Super Bowl and haven’t reached the championship game since 1993, where the lost to the Dallas Cowboys.