This year's Dragons are Peter Jones, Touker Suleyman, Steven Bartlett, Deborah Meaden, and Sara Davies. But who is richest of all? All Dragons are successful buisness owners who turn around millions every year. Thanks to their incredible careers, they have huge fortunes in the bank. But one Dragon is richer than everyone else. It will come as no surprise to some fans of the show that at the top of the list is Peter Jones. The business owner, 56, has been on the programme since it started in 2005. Peter runs the Peter Jones Enterprise Academy (PJEA) and has a whopping net worth of £1.157billion, as of 2021, according to the Sunday Times Rich List. READ MORE: Meghan wasn't afraid to 'embarrass family' during final days as royal Born in Langley, Berkshire, Peter moved to Maidenhead as a boy and attended the Windsor Boys' School. He set up a business where he made personal computers under his own brand at just 16 years old. A slew of other businesses followed, including a cocktail bar, an online retailer specialising in the sale of wine and champagne, and a specialist recruitment business. In 2009, he founded PJEA to teach entrepreneurial capabilities within the UK. It has several campuses across the country, including Amersham, Sheffield, Manchester, Southend, and Oxford.  Peter is the sole remaining original Dragon on the BBC's Dragons' Den, and he has also appeared on Hustle, ITV's Celebrity Juice, and the BBC's Never Mind the Buzzcocks. The second richest Dragon this year is Touker Suleyman, 69, with a net worth of £200million.  Business owner and podcaster Steven Bartlett, 30, is next, with a huge net worth of £68million. READ MORE: Princess Kate's 'favourite' tiara was special gift for Queen Elizabeth Steven co-founded social media marketing company Social Chain in 2014. Since then, he has made headlines for his highly successful podcast The Diary Of A CEO. Deborah Meaden, 63, is next on the list, with a net worth of £50million. Born in Somerset, Deborah has helped run many businesses over the course of her career, including Weststar Holidays, a family holiday park operator based in Exeter. In 1999, she led a management buyout and acquired the majority shareholding. By the time she sold the company six years later, Weststar was providing holidays for more than 150,000 people each year with an EBITDA in excess of £11million. In 2011, Deborah launched The Merchant Fox, an online store selling British-made luxury goods. As well as Dragons Den, she has appeared on a slew of TV shows, including Strictly Come Dancing (in 2013), Pointless, Loose Women, Lorraine, Hustle, and Celebrity Antiques Road Trip. The last Dragon on the list is 38-year-old Sara Davies. The founder and owner of Crafter's Companion, a crafters supply company she started in 2005, she is worth a huge £38million. Sara was born in Coundon, County Durham, and graduated with a first class Business degree from the Univeristy of York in 2006.