Happy Valley's final ever instalment will air on BBC One at 9pm on Sunday evening, but some viewers have spotted a distressing clue about what they think is in store for Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire), Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) and evil Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton). They are convinced the major giveaway is on a promotional image for the Sally Wainwright series. Fans were left with a lot of questions after episode five of season three aired on Sunday evening. Tommy's hoping to get away with murder and start a new life in Spain following his dramatic escape from the courtroom, Ryan is slipping through Catherine's fingers and Clare Cawood (Siobhan Finneran) was delivered a crushing blow from her heartbroken sister. Will Catherine finally get justice for her late daughter Becky and rapist Tommy's other victims in the show's finale? Has 16-year-old Ryan been brainwashed by Tommy enough to leave Halifax and his loving home behind? READ MORE: Emmerdale's Kim Tate's marriage on the rocks after her betraying Will Happy Valley viewers have been hunting for answers for weeks about the programme's ending, but some believe the conclusion was actually revealed a month ago. Taking to Twitter on Monday, David Chipakupaku shared an official promotional image for the third series. Tommy, Catherine and Ryan are in the centre of the image, with areas of Yorkshire acting as a backdrop. There are other elements in the artwork which show fire and Tommy's abandoned bike.  David shared: "Has the ending been staring us in the face all along? "This is the artwork for series three, which was released more than a month ago. "You can see the road bike Tommy uses circled (crassly) in red. "And then, in blue… A massive fire." One follower asked what was on fire within the image to which David replied: "That’s my question! Is it a house, in which case, does Tommy try to burn Nev’s castle down? DON'T MISS...Happy Valley kitchen clue confirms location of Tommy's final attack [LATEST]James Norton 'isn't too attractive' to play Happy Valley villain [UPDATE]Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ how Tommy Lee Royce dies . [THEORY] "Or maybe he sets light to Catherine’s place because he can’t get a gun?" Sharyn penned: "Seeing this picture lots so I’m guessing the barn, the fire and the discarded bike, that’s all to come... #HappyValley." Nacnud shared: "Spoiler alert - it’s going to end in a siege and someone’s going to die in a fire. The clue is in the BBC promo artwork! #HappyValley." Lady Sherlock theorised: "The fire references have not been put in there for nothing. The lighter Catherine caught [Ryan] with when he doesn't smoke and he told her a few weeks back 'revenge is a dish best served cold'. #HappyValley."  Andrew McBride said: "So Ryan is going to tell Tommy where he is, he’ll turn up at Nev's house, Catherine will get her taser out, then Tommy will start a fire but they’ll all get out of the house later for the big Tommy v Catherine showdown. Ryan will get hold of the gun and he’ll shoot Tommy #HappyValley." (sic) The show's writer Sally confirmed earlier this year that season three will be the last series of Happy Valley. Happy Valley returned for the final season on New Year's Day following a six-year hiatus. Happy Valley continues on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. 