Manchester United want a new striker to move to Old Trafford this month. And, at present, Wout Weghorst appears to be a priority with the Netherlands international keen on the prospect of playing under Erik ten Hag in the Premier League. However, with speculation growing in volume, history suggests the 30-year-old could merely be a smokescreen for a different signing instead… Manchester United are being linked with Weghorst at a time where they’re hunting a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo, who left back in the summer. And speculation has been cranked up several notches with the Red Devils on the lookout for somebody to fill the void left behind by the 37-year-old’s departure. Weghorst is apparently seen as a player who can give United a different option in attack, especially given his prowess in the air. They reportedly feel he has the right character to succeed at Old Trafford, too, despite the 30-year-old toiling at Burnley last term. And with the player unlikely to cost a significant amount, United are reportedly open to the prospect of bringing him back to the Premier League. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big However, it’s also possible that it’s all a smokescreen and United are working on a different deal instead. In recent years, the Red Devils have allowed the rumour mill to run its course - before springing a surprise out of the blue. Take 2015, for example. United were managed by Louis van Gaal at the time, with the Dutchman steering them into the Champions League at the first time of asking. United then proceeded to lose two strikers, however. Robin van Persie was shown the door to Fenerbahce, with the former Arsenal star declining following his heroics for the Red Devils under Sir Alex Ferguson.DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And Radamel Falcao was allowed to return to parent club Monaco, having bagged just four goals during a disastrous loan stint. United were, at the time, strongly linked with Edinson Cavani - who was strutting his stuff for Paris Saint-Germain. Yet then, out of nowhere, they announced the signing of the unknown Anthony Martial from Monaco instead. It was a random signing, one nobody had really seen coming given how the striker had gone under the radar. And Martial has been at United, for the most part, ever since - though did spend six months on loan at Sevilla last year. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here United also used the name of Josh King as a smokescreen when it came to landing a new striker in January 2020, too. Many expected the Red Devils to land the Norway international, who had even got his hopes up of returning to Old Trafford - having left earlier in his career. But, while United were linked with King, they then negotiated for Odion Ighalo behind the scenes. The Nigeria international was signed as an alternative to King and would score five goals in a year before returning to parent club Shanghai Shenhua. There are further examples, too. United did want Frenkie de Jong but, when it became apparent they wouldn’t be able to land him, leaked interest in Adrien Rabiot. However, that was all a cover with the Red Devils instead spending three months working on a deal for Casemiro instead. And United also used Alvaro Morata as a smokescreen when it came to hijacking Chelsea on Romelu Lukaku back in the summer transfer window of 2017. Whether Weghorst joins the club remains to be seen. But United do want a new striker - and history suggests they’ll be able to get one in by the time the transfer window slams shut.