With inflation hitting double digits, and energy prices increasing, any financial support could be vital for families on low incomes. The cost of living payment eligibility has changed, so Britons are urged to check if they qualify for the next set of payments. The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has now shared an update of the payments and when people can expect to find out who is entitled to claim them. The next round of financial help is worth up to £1,350 in total. This is for those on a low-income, people claiming disability benefits and pensioner households. The DWP has only confirmed the payment schedule for the £900 means-tested payment, which will be made in three lump sums of £301, £300 and £399, the £150 disability payment and £300 pensioner payment. READ MORE: NatWest announces 23 more bank branches to close this year - full list of closures This payment will be tax-free, will not count towards the benefit cap, and will not have any impact on existing benefit awards. A £150 disability cost of living payment will also be made during Summer 2023. This will be paid to eligible claimants receiving Disability Living Allowance, Personal Independence Payment, Adult Disability Payment, Child Disability Payment, Attendance Allowance, Armed Forces Independence Payment, Constant Attendance Allowance and War Pension Mobility Supplement.  READ MORE: Lloyds Bank's ‘exclusive savings account’ offers customers ‘top’ rate of 5.25% This payment will be tax-free and will not have any impact on existing benefit awards. Older people in receipt of Pension Credit will also qualify for the £900 means-tested cost of living payment and the £150 payment if they are receiving support through one of the listed disability benefits. The £300 cost of living payment for pensioner households will be added to annual Winter Fuel Payments during Winter 2023/24. In total, pensioner households could get an income boost of £1,350 during 2023/24. The DWP stated: “Further details on eligibility criteria for cost of living payments will be detailed” in legislation due to be introduced to Parliament in early 2023. The response came following a query from Alba MP Neale Hanvey, who asked when the DWP plans to publish the eligibility criteria for the 2023-24 cost of living payments. In a written response, Mims Davies MP, minister for social mobility, Youth and Progression said: “Primary legislation will be introduced early in 2023 as soon as Parliamentary time allows, and further details on eligibility criteria for Cost of Living payments will be detailed in that legislation.” People who are eligible for any of the Cost of Living Payments and receive Tax Credits, and no other means-tested benefits, will receive their payment from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) shortly after DWP payments are issued.