No-one can escape the cost of living crisis but pensioners and people on disability benefits are feeling the squeeze even more as they often need to have their heating on more resulting in much higher energy bills. At the same time, many have had their energy bill support lifeline removed simply because they live in smaller houses and are no longer eligible for the £150 Warm Home Discount.  Energy bills are two and a half times what they were this time last year yet some pensioners, the disabled and parents on low incomes with young children have been told they won't receive the Warm Home Discount of £150 this year. Changes to how the energy bill support is paid were made in 2022 but it's only now that vulnerable people are realising this vital lifeline is being taken away - and they are angry and upset. People who live in flats, bungalows and small houses won't receive the lifeline this year despite the fact they rely on the state pension, disabillity benefits such as PIP and low income benefits to survive. Disabled dad James O'Grady, from Erdington, told BirminghamLive: "People are losing their homes. The Government needs to prioritise (who it helps) but they are not doing it. It's £150 - it's not like loose change." READ MORE: Savings account where you can get 'top' interest rate of 4.5% Mum-of-five Louisa Smith, from Leicester, whose husband has cancer, said it is "frankly disgusting" people are going to miss out on this "vital support". She was counting on the cash to see her through the cold winter months and feels many others will be upset when they realise they won't get it this year. Louisa added: "I assumed I would qualify for this again since I did last year and was actually relying on this to get my family through the winter. "Many low-income families who are forced to live in smaller properties, the majority of which will be in some sort of disrepair or in dire need of updating, are going to miss out on this vital support due to this change in the way the scheme is operated." DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis fan saves £2,400 a year on energy bills - check now [ALERT]Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash [WARNING]Mental health issues lose Britons £8,400 in earning [INSIGHT] Express.co.uk contacted the Government's Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, which was responsible for changing the criteria. A spokesperson said: “This is not true - people on disability benefits who are also on means-tested benefits can qualify and that was the case previously. “Our reforms last Spring mean that more households in fuel poverty will benefit from the Warm Home Discount than ever before. "An extra 800,000 pensioners and low-income families will benefit this year compared to last and it is awarded according to people’s financial circumstances.”   Louise Rubin, head of policy and campaigns at disability equality charity Scope said: “Amid the worst cost of living crisis in a generation, it makes no sense to cut disabled people out of the warm home discount. “Disabled people and charities sounded the alarm at the time, and now we’re seeing the consequences of the government’s actions. “Life costs more if you are disabled. Thousands of disabled people have no choice but to power lifesaving equipment, such as breathing machines and hoists. One family Scope heard from is facing bills of £6000 a year – more than double the energy price cap. “The government must reverse this decision so that disabled people can get maximum support during a time of crisis.”    Have you discovered you won't receive the £150 Warm Home Discount this winter? Express.co.uk would like to hear from anyone who has been affected by this, readers can share their experiences in the comments section. Meanwhile, eight million people on benefits in the UK are due financial help worth up to £900 in 2023 to help them make ends meet. Britons could also be eligible for a further £150 disability payment and an additional £300 if they qualify for the state pension, totalling financial support worth £1,350 for pensioners on a low income with a disability - these are the dates when people can expect cost of living and energy bill support in 2023. 