The New Year is here and it’s the perfect time to restart with new fitness goals. Huel is the world’s top complete nutrition brand and has already impressed Express.co.uk with its Hot and Savoury meals - but its new range is its most affordable meal yet. Huel aims to help you make easier changes to your diet with its easy-to-make shake range and is praised by shoppers for being delicious. The health brand has now launched its cheapest meal yet with the Huel Essentials range, which costs only £1 per serving. Available in chocolate or vanilla flavours, the Huel Essentials range is a nutritionally complete meal that can be made into a shake and delivers 26 essential vitamins, minerals with 20g of plant-based protein. Whether you’re looking to incorporate more plant-based foods into your everyday diet or lose weight, the Huel Essentials range is the perfect starting point. Loved by shoppers for helping them improve their health, the Essentials range also includes Omega three and six, up to eight grams of fibre from oats and flaxseed and less than one percent of sugar from natural ingredients. The Huel Essentials range is also perfect if you’re short on time as it can be made in minutes, and also saves money from grocery shopping as the shakes help you feel fuller during the day. Plus, first time shoppers can get a free shaker and all shoppers can save an additional 10 percent more when they subscribe. Huel experts recommend that adding more plant-based choices into your diet gradually can help you start making long time lifestyle changes. There are over 13,000 glowing reviews on Trustpilot from shoppers who praise Huel for helping them lose weight while being tasty. Maciej commented: “Due to my anxiety issues I can rarely eat "normal" meal because of my digestive problems and nausea, I tried to use medical food but this was too expensive for me. Huel shakes gave me an opportunity to eat something healthy, nutritious and cheap.” Dave agreed: “I’m using it to support some weight loss by using one or two servings a day and it has stopped me snacking.” Perter Colwill added: “Many delicious flavours to choose from so no getting fed up or bored with it. It has helped me lose weight and get fitter and faster in running and cycling.”