Cristiano Ronaldo could be set for an awkward first meeting with his new club Al-Nassr after their head coach joked that he wanted to sign Lionel Messi before the Portuguese superstar's arrival. The former Manchester United forward completed his lucrative free transfer to join the Saudi Arabian outfit on December 30 to ensure he will become the highest-paid footballer in history. The 37-year-old has signed a two-year contract worth a reported £175million a season, with all commercial opportunities and incentives included. He has also pocketed an eye-watering £100m signing bonus as part of the deal as Al-Nassr celebrate the biggest signing in Asian football history. A tweet confirming his arrival on the club's official account read: "The world's greatest athlete officially signed for Al-Nassr." But according to popular belief - and apparently Garcia - that may well have been Messi, not Ronaldo, given his apparent preference for the PSG star. Speaking after Al-Nassr's win over Al-Khaleej, Garcia quipped: "First I wanted to bring Messi from Doha." READ MORE: Jaw-dropping details of Ronaldo's Al-Nassr contract emerge While it was clear that the Frenchman was speaking with his tongue firmly in cheek, such comments could provoke an angry response from Ronaldo, who is unlikely to receive his comments in the context they were meant. The Portugal icon has maintained a friendly but fierce rivalry with Messi over the course of the last 15 years, with the Argentine winning the Ballon d'Or seven times and Ronaldo on five occasions. But he has demonstrated a clear preference for his team-mates and close friends to back him in public over Messi when asked to name one of the pair as the greatest footballer on the planet. Such a debate appears to have been settled after Messi claimed the World Cup with Argentina in Qatar in December, while Ronaldo is the leading all-time international goalscorer but only has a Euro 2016 winner's medal to show for his Portugal career. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag makes Ronaldo feelings clear after Al-Nassr moveRonaldo left with egg on his face as two claims resurfaceRonaldo 'rejected specific clause' before Al-Nassr transfer Perhaps realising the error of his ways and not wanting to risk irritating the player's ego, Garcia attempted to backtrack by praising the veteran striker and insisted his previous relationship with Roma icon Francesco Totti proves he can manage players with high-ranking status. "I can't say anything about Cristiano because otherwise it would immediately appear in the headlines: 'García: about Ronaldo'. What I see is that it has been a soap opera and it has been a very important promotion for Al Nassr," he told reporters, via Marca. "I have always thought that the great players are the easiest to manage because they are very intelligent, I verified this with Francesco Totti at Roma. At the moment, the goal with Al Nassr is simple: win titles." Ronaldo could make his Al-Nassr debut in the top-of-the-table clash with Al-Shabab on January 14, with Al-Nassr hoping to leapfrog their Saudi rivals into top spot. And Garcia will be hoping Ronaldo is all smiles by then as they aim to win the title for the first time since 2019.