Royal fans are speculating that an interview with Prince Harry and Prince William broadcast in 2009 showed the cracks in their relationship, seven years before Meghan Markle was on the scene. In the BBC piece the brothers spoke about their desire to serve their country in the armed forces.  Back then both were learning to fly helicopters at RAF Shawbury in Shropshire, with Prince William training to become an RAF search and rescue pilot, while Prince Harry was six months into a course to become an Army helicopter pilot.  TikTok user RealRoyaltyDocs has now posted part of the interview with the caption: “The beginning of Harry and William’s rivalry or just sibling banter?”  And they pose the question: “In Spare, Harry talks of the potential jealousy William could have felt in this moment.  “Was the beginning of their rivalry jealousy over Harry being allowed to go to war?”  The point in the video which has caused most speculation amongst royal fans since it was posted on TikTok is when Prince William said: “I didn’t join the forces to be molly-coddled or treated any different.  “As far as I’m concerned, in my eyes, if Harry can do it then I can do it. I don’t really separate myself in that much difference. “And I think as a future head of the Armed Forces, it’s really important that I was, at least get the opportunity to be credible and to the job that I signed up for and to do the best I can. “And that’s all I’ve ever wanted to do. The search and rescue role is now slightly different than obviously being able to go to Afghanistan but it’s still doing an important job.”    Commenting on the clip, Linda Barron wrote: “William took over the interview and told us several times that he could do what Harry does and that he was the future leader of the armed forces. Receipts.” And TikTok user Lay said: “I think this is the beginning of Harry seeing that William felt there was a rivalry. “Harry’s face changes when the digs keep coming.”   But others said this was just normal behaviour for two brothers. Lanica87 wrote: “That’s what firstborn do. We’re overprotective, take centre stage, worry too much, we want to take the role of the parent not present. My opinion.” And Kayla said: “My husband and his brother talk in exactly the same way to each other.” READ MORE: Real-life 'chamber of secrets' hidden beneath housing estate  Viewers of the TikTok video are also split between whether they think the comments between Prince William and Prince Harry are just friendly banter, or rooted in sibling rivalry. In the clip, when asked whether this is an emotional moment for them because it may be the last time they will be living together, Prince Harry is quick to say: “First and last time we’ll be living together.” And Prince William added: “It’s been a fairly emotional experience.” They then discuss the rivalries between the RAF and the Army before Prince Harry grimaces as Prince William says he cooks and feeds his brother every day. The journalist asks Prince William about Harry’s assertion that he does all the washing up, to which the now Prince of Wales said: “He does do a bit of the washing up then he leaves most of it in the sink and then it comes back in the morning and I have to wash it up.”  Prince William also says that he has to tidy up after his brother and that he keeps him up all night by snoring.  DON'T MISSIggy Azalea drops racy pic in lingerie to mark her debut on OnlyFans [PICTURED]Ana Walshe 'had many fights' with husband before disappearing [REVEALED]Iranian regime uses Prince Harry to take outrageous swipe at UK [REPORT]  And he tells the reporter Prince Harry will not have realised its his birthday in a few days time, and that he hasn’t got a present for his brother and he will be lucky to get a card.  Commenting on the clip, Kokonutheads wrote: “This interview is a real eye opener with regard to the relationship between these two.  “The story of the relationship between brothers is biblical!”  Janet A. Baelinger said: “This is such normal sibling banter and yea, one usually steals the show!  “It’s so too normal to label it as issues.” 