In 1556, disaster struck China. The country, known for its history and culture, experienced one of the world's largest and most destructive earthquakes ever. It claimed the lives of nearly one million people and hasn't been matched since. Today, Shaanxi, where the earthquake occurred and which covers more than 205,000 square kilometres (around 79,000 square miles) of northwest China, is home to 37million people, and contains one of China's oldest cities, Chang'an, the oldest of the Four Great Ancient Capitals. But centuries before finding its place as the country's 15th biggest economy, the picturesque region succumbed to the natural disaster, which struck the county of Huaxian during the Ming dynasty. It caused absolute devastation, striking at Shaanxi's core. Its residents, who lived in man-made caves called yardangs in the Loess cliffs, were left buried alive as buildings and the natural landscape collapsed around them. On top of this, the quake, often referred to as the Jiajing Great earthquake, sparked landslides which engulfed and destroyed human life and structures they met. The earthquake, according to predictions, immediately killed more than 100,000 people. Imperial records from the time say the total loss of life was 830,000. The event itself erupted out of the Wei River Valley, near Huaxian, which is now the Huazhou District of Weinan. As a result, Huaxian was entirely destroyed, taking with it half the area's population. Though estimates of the scale of the tremors have changed, modern estimates give it a magnitude of eight on the Richter Scale, which is described by the US' Seismological Facility for the Advancement of Geoscience as being a "great earthquake" that "can totally destroy communities near the epicentre". The natural disaster is not the worst experienced in China. While it remains the world's most deadly earthquake, China also saw four million of its people die in the floods of 1931, as well as the Yellow River floods of 1887, which claimed the lives of two million. The country's annals described the quake's destruction as a "catastrophe", adding: "In our Hua County, various misfortunes took place. Mountains and rivers changed places and roads were destroyed. "In some places, the ground suddenly rose up and formed new hills, or it sank abruptly and became new valleys. In other areas, a stream burst out in an instant, or the ground broke and new gullies appeared. JUST IN: Global financial crash warning as world facing economic ‘earthquake’ "Huts, official houses, temples and city walls collapsed all of a sudden." Other damage included the destruction of 40 of the 114 Kaicheng Stone Classics. Qin Keda, a scholar who lived through the earthquake, described its effect on the region. Describing what he learned from the disaster, in what might be viewed as an ancient safety protocol, he wrote that "at the very beginning of an earthquake, people indoors should not go out immediately". He added: "Just crouch down and wait. Even if the nest has collapsed, some eggs may remain intact." DON'T MISS: BBC's Tomasz Schafernaker caught in massive earthquake in Indonesia [INSIGHT]January 17 - On this day: 54 years since the first satellite spacewalk [LATEST]Huge warning after huge earthquake detected in tourist hotspot [ANALYSIS] In total, 97 counties in Shaanxi, Shanxi, Henan, Gansu, Hebei, Shandong, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, and Anhui were severely impacted by the earthquake, where up to 60 per cent of their population were wiped out. Cities such as Beijing, Chengdu, and Shanghai saw some damage but nowhere near the same levels. Overall, the total cost of the destruction is impossible to measure in modern times. Gaspar da Cruz, a Portuguese-Dominican friar, visited Guangzhou after the devastation and described what he saw in the final chapter of his 1569 book, A Treatise of China, in which he claimed the quake may have been punishment for people's sins. He also suggested that the Great Comet of 1556 could have been a sign of the destruction, as it may have been a sign of the Antichrist's birth.