While recession fears loom, people have been searching for ways to prepare financially for this period of economic uncertainty. Building up savings pot is key, and regular savers are currently benefiting from some of the most competitive interest rates on the market. Simon Coll, director of wealth management at Arbuthnot Latham, said: "An emergency fund is always important, but even more so during times of economic uncertainty. Financial experts typically recommend having six months' worth of bills and expenses saved should you find yourself in a position of needing to rely on savings." There are a variety of savings accounts to choose from, from fixed-term to easy access accounts. Regular savings accounts, however, are an effective way to start building up a savings pot. These accounts typically offer higher interest rates and the terms generally encourage savers to pay money into the accounts monthly. Savers just need to meet certain requirements on the respective accounts and they’ll earn interest on their savings on the basis they make minimal withdrawals and deposit regularly. While there are no savings accounts that beat the UK’s soaring inflation rate, some are offering notably high interest rates. Money comparison site Moneyfacts has pulled together the top 10 available right now. READ MORE: Barclays issue scam warning after man loses £25,500  Ranking top of the list is NatWest’s Digital Regular Saver with an Annual Equivalent Rate (AER) of 5.12 percent. The 5.12 percent interest rate is awarded to savings up to £5,000, after which a 0.5 percent rate will be awarded to figures from £5,001 and over. There is no minimum deposit required to open the account and it allows people to save up to £150 each month. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and interest is awarded monthly. Placing second is Royal Bank of Scotland’s Digital Regular Saver, also with an AER of 5.12 percent. Like NatWest, the same interest rules apply to this bank account (5.12 percent paid up to £5,000, then 0.5 percent on any funds over), interest is applied monthly, and unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. DON'T MISS:  TV licence explained - Simple steps to claim refund worth £159 [EXPLAINED]Two-thirds of Brits have stopped buying non-essentials amid crisis [ANALYSIS]Grandparents risk throwing away £5,437 in savings for grandchildren [INSIGHT]    In third place is Principality BS’ Christmas 2023 Regular Saver Bond with an AER of five percent. This one year bond requires a minimum £1 deposit to open and a maximum of £125 can be invested per month. The account is intended for people who might want to save for something specific, and who won’t need to touch the money during the course of the term. Because of this, withdrawals are not permitted. Interest is calculated on the money in the account each day and paid one year after opening. Coming in fourth is Nationwide BS’ Start to Save (Issue 2) with an AER of five percent. Interest is calculated daily and paid yearly on each anniversary of its opening, and those who regularly save between £25 and £50 per month will also be entered into a £250 prize draw with multiple winners. READ MORE: ‘At last’ - Hunt to smash 55pc pensions ‘horror tax’      This is an instant access savings account, which means people can get access to their money whenever they need it. But, those who do withdraw may need to repay all or some of it back in during the same calendar month to be eligible for the prize draw. Placing sixth is TSB’s Monthly Saver Account with an AER of five percent. Savers can open this account with just £1 and interest is calculated daily and paid at the end of the 12-month term. A monthly standing order between £25 and £250 must be set up from a TSB current account, and only one payment can be made each month. Withdrawals are permitted instantly without penalties, however, the funds can not be replaced. Hinckley & Rugby BS’ Regular Saver 30 Day Notice Account places seventh with an AER of 4.75 percent. A £10 deposit is required to open the account and up to £500 can be deposited monthly. Subject to a 30-day notice period, unlimited withdrawals are also permitted. However, if two payments are missed, the account will revert to Plain Sailing Easy Access Account. In seventh place is Yorkshire Building Society’s Christmas Regular Saver with an AER of 4.5 percent. The account can be opened with £1 and interest is calculated daily and paid on maturity on October 31. Up to £300 can be saved per month but just one withdrawal is permitted throughout the course of the term. Placing eighth is Lloyds Bank’s Monthly Saver with an AER of 4.5 percent. A minimum deposit of £25 is required to open the account, and regular savings between £25 and £250 must be deposited every month. Savers must have a Lloyds Current Account to open it, and interest is paid after 12 months when the term ends. Withdrawals are permitted, free of charge. Placing ninth is Halifax’s Regular Saver with an AER of 4.5 percent. Similar to Lloyds Regular Saver, a minimum deposit of £25 is required to open the account, and regular savings between £25 and £250 must be deposited every month.  The AER is fixed for 12 months and will be applied to the balance on the anniversary of the account opening. After which, the money will be transferred into an Everyday Saver account. Withdrawals are not permitted, but the account can be closed before the term ends without charge. Finally, in tenth place is Bank of Scotland’s Monthly Saver, offering an AER of 4.5 percent. This account is also a 12-month bond and allows savers to deposit £25 to £250 a month. People also must have a Bank of Scotland current account in order to open it. Unlimited withdrawals are permitted without penalty and after 12 months, the account will change to an Instant Access Savings Account. 