Netflix is preparing to launch the latest supernatural teen drama inspired by the works of Jonathan Stroud. Lockwood and Co follows Anthony Lockwood (played by Cameron Chapman) and his colleagues Lucy Carlyle (Ruby Stokes) and George Karim (Ali Hadji-Heshmati). Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old the Anthony actor is. The series is set in a world plagued by ghosts where after curfew, the rest of the public face huge risks. Teens Anthony, George and Lucy band together as paranormal investigators to keep the spirits at bay. In the books, 15-year-old Anthony is in charge of London's smallest agency and he is known for his mysterious personality. He is calm but reckless and is never too far away from trouble, which keeps his job exciting. Actor Cameron is a few years older than his fictional counterpart. READ MORE: Lockwood & Co trailer teases Bridgerton star’s new role The star was born in December 2002, making him 20 years old. Cameron appears to be making his small-screen debut in the highly-anticipated Netflix show. He studied at the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama, graduating in 2021. This will be his first role since leaving education, so he is already seeing huge success. At this moment in time, not much else is known about the rising star, but he is likely to land more major roles off the back of the series. The actor is on Instagram, but he has only shared two posts which both promote his new project. He has already received a lot of support from his 745 (at the time of writing) followers. This number is expected to rise drastically following the release of the series. DON'T MISS... Wednesday’s Enid star pays tribute to Jenna Ortega [INSIGHT] That 90s Show sparks major fan frenzy with Michael and Jackie cameo [DISCUSSION] Dorothy Wang is returning for Bling Empire New York [INSIGHT] In the original books, Anthony Lockwood is a year older than his friend Lucy Carlyle. His age was never explicitly mentioned, although it was suggested by the author. A fan had asked on GoodReads: "How old are Lucy, Lockwood and George?" To which Jonathan responded: "I'm thinking 14, 15 and 15 respectively, in the first book, at least. "As the series goes on, they age a few months each time." Anthony has the ability of sight, which means he can see how people died long after they have gone. He suffered a tragic past as both of his parents died when he was just a child. He also had a sister, Jessica, who was older than him and she died when he was just nine years old.  Lockwood and Co airs on Netflix on January 27.