Dr Michael Mosley is the man behind the infamous 5:2 diet and over the years, he has gone on to create the Very Fast 800 and Way of Life plans to make losing weight easy and seamless. Together with his wife, Dr Clare Bailey, the Fast 800 Keto has been developed and the weight loss expert recently spoke about the benefits of a keto diet, and the delicious, healthy meals that can be eaten. The Fast 800 Keto is a “dynamic weight loss plan” that claims to be “healthier and more sustainable than a typical keto diet”. It combines a traditional keto diet with low-calorie intermittent fasting - only 800 calories are consumed every day. As for what a keto, or ketogenic diet is, it is a high-fat, adequate-protein, low-carbohydrate diet that forces the body to burn fats rather than carbohydrates. Dr Michael explained in an Instagram video the basics. He said: “When you’re on a Keto diet, the main thing is to cut out the sugary stuff, but also the carbs - that means things like potatoes and rice. Instead, you pile in all those luscious, green leafy veg. READ MORE: Queen Maxima weight loss - Royal shed 10 kilos in leadup to birthday “The point of a Keto diet, is when you go on it, you lose weight very fast, but it also suppresses your hunger hormone, something called ghrelin. On top of that, it also helps preserve your muscles. “So I think the Keto approach - which is scientifically based - is a really safe and effective way to lose weight.” By following the Fast 800 Keto diet, Dr Michael claims you can lose over nearly a stone in 21 days. Anyone looking to lose a few pounds can also follow it for a week. To see whether the diet really works, Dr Michael put himself on the Fast 800 Keto diet after he overindulged at Christmas. DON'T MISS...Stylist shares most ‘youthful’ hairstyle every woman 40+ should have [COMMENT[Royal Family heirloom William most likely to inherit instead of Harry [STYLE]Luckiest animals in the Year of the Rabbit 2023 [HOROSCOPE] “All those mince pies, alcohol and hearty meals I’d consumed over the festive period did serious damage to my waistline,” he told the Daily Mail. “While I normally weigh 12.6 stone or 80kg, I hit 13 stone or 83kg and had to loosen my belt.” Dr Michael followed the Fast 800 Keto recipes and consumed 800 calories a day for seven days. He said in that time, he’s “shed most of that excess weight” he gained over Christmas - 3kg. As for what he ate, dishes like pizza, kievs, kebabs and fry-ups are on the menu, albeit low-calorie keto versions. The Fast 800’s keto pizza is made with “just a handful of ingredients” and is customisable. The pizza also contains only 374 calories, 18.5g of protein and just 9.8g of carbs. READ MORE: Keep bread fresh for 3 weeks with handy food storage hacks 200g cauliflower, roughly chopped25g almond mealOne large free range egg, beatenHalf a tsp dried oregano15g basil pesto (choose a basil pesto that is olive oil based with minimal ingredients)60g pumpkin, cut into 1cm thick slices10g rocketSalt, pepper and optional chilli flakes. According to the Fast 800, your body can “burn fat” if it has a reduction in three things; carbs, calories and eating window. Less carbs - by eating fewer carbohydrates, your body naturally has less glucose to burn. Less calories - by consuming about 800 calories each day, your body can swiftly burn through your glycogen stores and start burning fat instead. Less often - by eating less frequently, your body can remain in the fat-burning zone for longer.