Emma Raducanu has targeted getting fit and ready for Wimbledon after revealing she was on crutches just 10 days before the Australian Open. The former US Open winner admitted her frustration with her lack of match sharpness as she lost 6-3 7-6 to world No 7 Coco Gauff. The British No 1 had two set points to take an entertaining match into a third set in her first appearance in the Rod Laver Arena but was unable to convert either. “I think I had a lot of chances today,” she said. “It obviously sucks a bit, but it's fine.” Raducanu could be so sanguine after her latest early exit because she feared she would miss the first Grand Slam of the season after rolling her ankle in Auckland on January 5. “Ten days before the tournament I was in crutches and doing pool rehab,” she laughed. “I think we did a great job to get onto the court this week. It has been a massive effort. “I would say all the chips were against us, and the chances of me playing this tournament were very, very low. So I had extremely limited practice time, and I think I can say that now I'm not competing anymore. MUST READ: Coco Gauff makes Emma Raducanu request after winning Aus Open clash “I still think I didn't necessarily play my best today. But props to her. She's a great, great opponent and great athlete. I'd really like to play her again. I think that maybe with more than five hours under my belt of practice.” But Raducanu has won only four matches in her five Grand Slams since her New York triumph and has failed to get beyond the second round. She lost at the same stage here last year to world No 98 Danka Kovinic after suffering from blisters on her racquet hand following a layoff with Covid. Before Wimbledon she played only 34 minutes on grass because of a side strain. This time it was her left ankle. The Bromley-based star, 20, will now aim to rebuild her fitness and her game with new German coach Sebastian Sachs, fitness trainer Jez Green and physio Will Herbert. DON'T MISS...Emma Raducanu shuts down reporter question on new injury worryNovak Djokovic drops ominous injury update to Australian Open rivalsRafael Nadal's Aus Open conqueror uncovers weapon behind surprise win “I'm really buying into and trusting the work that I'm doing with Sebastian and the rest of the team,” she said. “I'm feeling good and confident that in six months' time I know it's not going to be the finished product, but hopefully I would have made strides. Obviously I've just got a lot of work to do from here.” While the world No 77 will look at playing in Thailand or the Gulf before the Indian Wells Masters in March, French Open finalist Gauff is seeking her first Grand Slam title. “But tomorrow I will probably play doubles,” said the 18-year-old. “But if not, playing cards with my parents or embarrassing them on TikTok!”