Chelsea boss Graham Potter is looking forward to the arrival of Mukhaylo Mudryk, according to reports. The Ukraine international had been expected to move to Arsenal, with the Gunners making him their top transfer target. However, he’ll now be moving to Stamford Bridge after the Blues agreed a fee with Shakhtar Donetsk. Late on Saturday, it emerged Chelsea had hijacked Arsenal’s deal for Mudryk with the 22-year-old poised to sign on the dotted line. It represents yet another statement of intent from the Blues, who are determined to back Potter despite their nightmare season so far. Many Chelsea fans are questioning the logic in signing Mudryk given the wealth of attacking talent they already have at their disposal. Yet The Athletic say Potter wanted Mudryk and believes the youngster can provide a ‘spark’ as he looks to turn things around. Not every club signs players with the manager in mind. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But with Potter wanting Mudryk, Chelsea were happy to stump up the initial £62million that Arsenal had been so reluctant to pay themselves. The Blues will certainly be hoping the Ukraine international can live up to the billing, with the player expected to be in the stands for today’s clash with Crystal Palace. They’ve scored just 21 goals in 18 Premier League matches so far, and sit 10th in the table. Potter is getting all the players he wants with Todd Boehly willing to support the first managerial appointment of his Chelsea reign. And it’s not the first time they’ve hijacked another club, having done so on numerous occasions when Roman Abramovich was in charge. Chelsea pounced to land John Obi-Mikel from under the noses of Manchester United back in 2006, having done the same with Arjen Robben two years previously. They stole Florent Malouda from Liverpool in 2007, with the France international previously looking set for a move to Anfield. Chelsea gazumped Arsenal to sign Juan Mata back in 2011, while they then beat Tottenham to the arrival of Willian two years later. And whether Mudryk can shine in the Premier League, after impressing for Shakhtar, remains to be seen. Arsenal fan Piers Morgan, meanwhile, has admitted he’s annoyed at the Gunners’ failure to land Mudryk. He tweeted: "I’m irrationally annoyed about this Mudryk fiasco. "If Arsenal want to win the League this season, we can’t faff around for weeks on key targets and then get outflanked/outbid at the last minute. Looks weak. "We must buy another top class striker asap." He’d previously said: "How can this be happening? Ridiculous that Arsenal let this transfer saga drag on so long we’ve apparently ended up losing him." Mudryk is the fifth Chelsea signing of the January transfer window. The Blues have landed two youngsters in David Datro Fofana and Andrey Santos, with the pair both ones for the future. Benoit Badiashile arrived from Monaco for a fee of £35m earlier in the month. And Chelsea were also able to acquire Joao Felix, loaning in the striker from La Liga giants Atletico Madrid.