Prince William sent a clear signal he is focused on carrying out his royal duties as he was spotted leaving the grounds of Windsor Castle today in a car he shared with his wife Kate. This marked the first time the Prince of Wales was spotted in public since Spare, Prince Harry's memoir, was released. William appeared relaxed as he could be seen smiling through the window of the vehicle. The senior royal, who sat next to his wife Kate in the back seat of the car, wore a jacket on top of a green jumper and white shirt. Kate also appeared in high spirits, as she was photographed smiling softly. This is the second time the Princess is seen in public this week, as she was caught on camera while driving her car on Wednesday.  SEE PICTURES OF KATE AND WILLIAM'S ENGAGEMENT IN LIVERPOOL HERE Kate and William's outing comes two days after the worldwide release of the book Spare, which included a number of revelations, damaging claims and criticism against the Royal Family and its members. In his book, Prince Harry took aim at Prince William, laying bare their relationship had been strained for years, much longer than thought by the public. The Duke also alleged there had been a physical altercation between him and the Prince of Wales in early 2019, when the Sussexes were still living on the grounds of Kensington Palace. The heir to the throne and his wife, Harry also claimed, never got close with the Duchess of Sussex. READ MORE: Harry's claim William was 'glum' on his wedding day rubbished Spare includes a few episodes showing the relationship between Kate and Meghan, ranging between cold to lukewarm during the years the Duchess of Sussex lived in the UK. Kate, Harry claimed, seemed reluctant when Meghan asked, during a behind-the-scenes moment at the Royal Foundation Forum in February 2018, to lend her a lip gloss, and "grimaced" when the future Duchess squeezed some of the product on her finger. The book also included private text messages between Meghan and Kate focused on the notorious bridesmaid dress row, which took place four days before the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's wedding. Kate and William aren't the only royals sending a message that, despite the Duke's allegations made in various interviews and in his book, it is very much business as usual for the Firm. Earlier today, King Charles visited Aboyne and Mid Deeside Community Shed in Aberdeenshire, a community hub offering a wide range of services to locals. He also met representatives from local charities, including a food bank, and appeared in a very good mood as he stopped to chat with some residents and royal fans. Meeting a woman in the crowds coming from Down Under, the King asked her to "send my love to Australia", a nation he has visited multiple times. His Majesty's sister, Princess Anne, has also carried out a number of engagements over the past few days, when she undertook an official visit to Cyprus. No member of the Royal Family has yet made any public remarks regarding Harry's recent allegations. Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace have also not yet commented on the claims and criticism made by the Duke in his interviews and book.