Anthony Joshua could be set to face the fourth-best ranked heavyweight in Australia when he returns to the ring in 2023. The former world champion was left reeling in August when he was out-pointed in his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk, scuppering his hopes of a unification bout with Tyson Fury. With his career at a crossroads, rumours have circulated wildy over who Joshua will face next. After an impromptu offer from Fury on Twitter of a December clash, negotiations began for a bout in Cardiff, but the talks broke down with the two sides left blaming each other. A fight has also been touted with Deontay Wilder, who himself ended a year-long exile with a first round KO win over Robert Helenius in October. But the American's trainer Mailk Scott has warned that a clash would be bad news for the British fighter. But now another name has been thrown into the mix. Boxing UK's official Twitter account posted: "JOSHUA v McKEAN? According to @AdamCatterall - Anthony Joshua’s next fight will be against Australian Demsey McKean. A decent test for AJ after the two Usyk defeats?" JUST IN: Tyson Fury's unification bout with Oleksandr Usyk edges closer as contracts exchanged McKean, 32, has previously sparred with Joshua, and has a 22-0 record at pro level. But the former Australian national champion is currently ony ranked No 4 down under, behind Lucas Browne, Justin Huni, and Faiga Opelu. He also has kickboxing and MMA bouts on his record, but fans suggested 'AJ" was deliberately targeting a fighter to get himself back on track: "Exactly what it’s meant to be ‘confidence builder’ I’d be shocked if AJ doesn’t blast Mckean out inside 6," wrote @DreamsR4Real999. DON'T MISS:Daniel Dubois bad-mouthed again as Joe Joyce twists the knife after lucky escapeOleksandr Usyk could get inside scoop on Tyson Fury as left-field sparring partner pickedJoe Joyce believes he knows why Anthony Joshua is avoiding him as two reasons reeled off @tawallah23 added: "If anyone has earned a easier fight, it’s AJ. He needs a confidence builder, for sure. I would much prefer him face (Otto) Wallin next, but getting a highlight reel KO would be a good way to come back." Joshua, 33, has insisted he is still aiming for a world title despite the consecutive defeats to Usyk. The possibility remains of facing the winner of Fury vs Usyk, who are set to meet in the Middle East in March.