Prince Harry has not said if he will be attending his father's coronation this summer as the release of his memoir is due to happen in a matter of days. The Duke of Sussex said the "ball is in their court" and that he hopes to sit down his family. But royal expert Hilary Fordwich has since pointed out the numerous olive branches Harry and Meghan Markle have been offered from the Royal Family. She told Fox News: "Olive branches have been offered to [the Sussexes] for the world to witness. "First, right after the passing of the queen, Charles, in his first speech as monarch, made a warm overture to Harry and his wife, referencing them as ‘much-loved members of the family.’ "Secondly, during the national days of mourning, they were invited by Prince William to join him and the Princess of Wales in viewing flowers. "Thirdly, they were invited to Sandringham for Christmas. READ MORE: Where to watch Prince Harry's three new interviews "Last, but not least, this fourth overture of peace [which is expected] for the coronation. The ball is most certainly in Harry’s court." Harry went on to describe how a "red mist" came over the Prince of Wales during his alleged physical assault, as the revelations from his memoir continued. Harry has insisted he still wants reconciliation with the royal family, but warned there needed to be some accountability first. He shared more details with ITV's Tom Bradby, in an interview to be broadcast in full on Sunday, about his claims William knocked him to the floor during a furious confrontation in 2019. "I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him," Harry said. "He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to." In a clip from an interview with US show Good Morning America, Harry says his late mother Diana, Princess of Wales, would have been "sad" over her sons' fractured relationship. Meanwhile, he also told CBS he was "probably bigoted" before he started dating his now-wife the Duchess of Sussex, and he was "incredibly naive" about how the British press would treat his relationship with the American mixed race actress. DON'T MISS Harry reveals why ex Chelsy Davy was 'different' from the rest [INSIGHT]Camilla 'didn't care' about impressing Harry on first meeting [ANALYSIS]POLL – Should the Royal Family respond to allegations in Spare? [POLL] In the controversial tell-all book Spare, which was leaked ahead of publication next week and also put on sale early in Spain, Harry also recounts his final words to his grandmother, the Queen, when he visited her body after she died at Balmoral. "I whispered that I hoped she was happy and that she was with grandfather now. I said that I admired her for having carried out her duties until the end. The Jubilee, the welcoming of the new Prime Minister," Harry revealed. Kensington Palace and Buckingham Palace have declined to comment, but the inflammatory claims and intimately personal book are being seen as damaging Harry's fragile relationship with his brother - a future king - beyond repair.