Former Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said it is "absolute nonsense" that he was helped by BBC Chairman Richard Sharp to secure a loan guarantee. His latest statement comes after days of controversy surrounding his relationship with the BBC boss. Last week the Sunday Times reported that Mr Sharp helped arrange a guarantor on a loan of up to £800,000 for Mr Johnson in 2020. Mr Sharp said he had "simply connected" people and there was no conflict of interest while Mr Johnson maintained that his financial arrangements were "properly declared". Now, the former Prime Minister has challenged the allegations, adding that Mr Sharp doesn't know "anything" about his finances. Mr Johnson told Sky News: "This is a load of absolute nonsense. Let me just tell you Richard Sharp is a good and a wise man, but he knows absolutely nothing about my personal finances. I can tell you that for 100 percent ding dang sure. "This is just another example of the BBC disappearing up its own fundament." Mr Johnson's statement comes shortly after Mr Sharp addressed the allegations again with a statement on Monday. He said that he wanted to ensure “all the appropriate guidelines have been followed” and has asked the nominations committee of the BBC board to review any potential conflicts of interest. Mr Sharp said: "We have many challenges at the BBC and I know that distractions such as this are not welcome. "Our work at the BBC is rooted in trust. Although the appointment of the BBC Chairman is solely a matter for the Government...I want to ensure that all appropriate guidelines have been followed within the BBC since I have joined. "The nominations committee of the BBC board has responsibility for regularly reviewing board members' conflict of interest." Last week, the Labour Party called for an investigation into the BBC appointment process for its chair. Shadow culture secretary Lucy Powell wrote to the Commissioner for Public Appointments, William Shawcross CVO, asking him to investigate. Labour has also reported Mr Johnson to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards. Mr Johnson also denied the allegations last weekend, saying that his decision to give his friend the top BBC job was not influenced by loan discussions. The former Prime Minister denied receiving or asking for financial advice adding that there "has never been any remuneration or compensation…for this or any other service". A spokesperson for Mr Johnson said: "Mr Johnson did indeed have dinner with Mr Sharp, whom he has known for almost 20 years, and with his cousin. So what? Big deal. Mr Sharp was appointed as BBC Chairman in January 2021. He was once the boss of Prime Minister Rishi Sunak when they both worked at Goldman Sachs. Previously, Mr Sharp was an unpaid adviser on the economic response to the coronavirus risis and has also been a major donor to the Conservative Party. He donated more than £400,000 from 2001- 2010.