Michelle Heaton, 43, formerly a singer in Liberty X, had a dramatic collapse just over two years ago after a battle with alcohol dependency. She has shared photos of herself at her lowest point, while confined to a hospital bed, as a cautionary tale to others experiencing the same troubles. The collapse was a wake-up call for the songstress, who is totally sober, and will be a show contestant on ITV's Dancing On Ice. However, the journey to freedom from her addiction didn't come easily at first. Sharing a photo on her Instagram page of herself looking frail while hooked up to an IV drip in hospital, she courageously admitted: "Two years ago this was me." The star, who first sailed to stardom after appearing on the talent show Popstars alongside the likes of Strictly contestant Kym Marsh, explained: "I was admitted to hospital, not for the first or the last time." READ NOW: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss Heartbreakingly, the strength of her addiction at that time was so intense that as soon as she was released from hospital, she rushed straight to the off-licence. "I had collapsed in active addiction. I left the hospital the next day, I walked over to the off-licence and bought more vodka," she lamented. "Seems insane? It is! But it was the only way I knew how to live. So I thought." She added: "I swore to my peers, family and doctors I was on the mend. I meant it. But my mind of an addict had a different plan."  Michelle also recently shared a photo from Christmas Day 2022, featuring herself and husband Hugh Hanley, who is an Irish businessman, enjoying the festivities. The couple have been married for more than 12 years, and Hugh has stood by her throughout her battle to stay sober. They also have two children together - daughter Faith, who was born in 2012, and son Aaron, who arrived in 2014. Hugh admitted on the Lorraine show: "There were many times where I could have walked away [from Michelle]. It would have been easier." However, he added that he was glad he didn't step away. "There’s no getting away from it, life with an addict is extraordinarily hard [but] we’ve got a second chance," he explained. Sharing a photo of the pair's Christmas online, Michelle seemed equally grateful that their relationship had survived the tough patch. "My 2nd Christmas clean and sober … my heart is full of gratitude and joy that today was not spoilt by my behaviour and chaos, but filled with love and laughter," she declared proudly. Last month, she celebrated 600 days of sobriety - and, as she embarks on her Dancing On Ice journey, she hopes her freedom from alcohol addiction will continue. If you or someone you know is battling addiction, contact Alcoholics Anonymous for understanding support, and your GP. You can also contact the Samaritans 24 hours a day on 116 123.