Donald Trump faces an "uphill battle" to win the Republican nomination for the 2024 US Presidential election, a US political expert has warned. Speaking to Express.co.uk Simon Dolan, a political commentator and author of 'Trump: The Hidden Halo', said the Queens-born billionaire had a "lack of vocal supporters" compared to his previous campaigns in 2016 and 2020.  According to the former racing driver, the real estate mogul has "had his time" and voters want a "new voice". Mr Dolan said that Florida Governor Ron DeSantis is the favourite to win the Republican nomination, despite the fact he has yet to declare his candidacy, adding it would be "unthinkable" for him not to win the nomination. Mr Trump is unlikely to run in an independent, which could split the Republican vote in the way that many argue Ross Perot did to George HW Bush in 1992, but Mr Dolan argued the former Apprentice host is "unpredictable". He told Express.co.uk: "The current clash between Trump and DeSantis, in spite of the fact the latter has yet to declare he will run, has shown a crack in the Grand Old Party (GOP).  "DeSantis has been able to carry both establishment and anti-establishment support, whilst Trump has a distinct lack of vocal supporters. "It is evident that Trump has had his time but he seems unwilling to back down from a fight. "Polling has already shown an uphill battle for the Trump campaign, and it seems that voters want a new voice. "It seems unthinkable that DeSantis wouldn’t get the nomination, but then, would Trump run as an independent which would likely gift the Democrats a win?  READ MORE: Body of missing mum, 43, found wrapped in plastic in shallow grave "I doubt he would but Donald Trump is nothing if not unpredictable.” Many pundits were predicting that Mr Trump would comfortably win the race for the Republican nomination last year. However, last November's disastrous midterm results for the Republicans, including the failure of a number of high profile Trump-backed candidates and DeSantis' landslide re-election in the Florida, appears to have shifted the narrative. According to polling from Five Thirty Eight, Mr DeSantis could defeat Trump in the GOP primary contest. DON'T MISS: A mother and her boys were found frozen to death in a field [REVEAL]Child's body found in search for missing Athena Brownfield, 4  [INSIGHT] Jean-Pierre shut down as DeSantis hits back at White House swipe  [SPOTLIGHT]  Polling conducted earlier this week by Big Village had DeSantis on 55 percent and Trump on 45 percent. However, some other polls were more positive for Trump, including on conducted by YouGov last week which had him on 44 percent compared to 32 percent for DeSantis. In contrast, polling by The Economist appears to show that DeSantis would have a better chance of beating Joe Biden in a hypothetical 2024 match-up. Two seperate polls showed that Biden would beat Trump 46 percent to 42 percent and 42 percent to 36 percent in a re-run of the 2020 election. But one poll showed a 43 percent tie between Biden and DeSantis, while another showed the Democrat prevailing 42 percent to 36 percent. 