Elvis Presley’s ex-wife Priscilla Presley, 77, has reportedly filed legal documents over the couple’s only daughter’s trust. It comes after Lisa Marie Presley’s tragic death at the age of 54, after suffering from two cardiac arrests earlier this month. Her grieving mother Priscilla has since claimed she's been “written out and replaced” due to an amendment to Lisa Marie’s trust. Lisa Marie executed a living trust on January 29th 1993, which was later changed on January 27th 2010, to Priscilla’s disapproval. According to legal papers seen by the New York Post, the change eliminates Priscilla and Elvis' daughter's former business manager Barry Siegel as trustees, with her grandchildren Riley and the late Ben Keough replacing the duo. The new documents, which appear to challenge Lisa Marie’s daughter Riley, reportedly show Priscilla is asking a judge to set aside the change made to the documents over ten years ago, which removes her as a trustee, while claiming an 'inconsistent' signature was used. READ MORE... Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo  Express.co.uk has contacted Riley and Priscilla Presley for comment.    The papers claim Lisa Marie’s signature “appears inconsistent with her usual and customary signature”.    Prior to her death, Lisa Marie accused Seigel of mismanaging her assets.    The legal filing reads: "Lisa Marie Presley appointed her mother, Petitioner, and her former business manager, Barry Siegel, as co-Trustees effective as of the date of the 2010 restatement.  "The 2010 restatement further provides that Petitioner and Barry Siegel shall continue to serve as co-Trustees upon Lisa Marie Presley's subsequent incapacity and/or death. "There are many issues surrounding the authenticity and validity of the Purported 2016 Amendment." The filing goes on to add: "The Purported 2016 Amendment was never delivered to Petitioner during Lisa Marie Presley's lifetime as required by the express terms of the Trust.The date of the Purported Trust Amendment was added via .pdf on March 14. DON'T MISS:Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's genderCheryl received 'sign' from Girls Aloud's Sarah Harding through radioMonty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ In the filing, Priscilla is attempting to invalidate the amendment and return to the trust, according to the aforementioned publication.  The reported legal challenge comes after Priscilla shared her heartbreak over losing her daughter.  Opening up on Twitter, Priscilla penned: “To YOU, I’m truly overwhelmed with your words, your prayers, your love and your support. “Thank you from the bottom of my heart in trying to help me get through this loss.    "Every parent who has lost a daughter or son knows what a dark painstaking journey it is," she wrote alongside a broken heart emoji.    Lisa Marie’s mother previously revealed on the social media platform: "Thank you all for your condolences, you have touched me with your words.    "It has been a very difficult time but just knowing your love is out there makes a difference." 