Novak Djokovic overcame hamstring issues during his clash with Grigor Dimitrov on Saturday to book his spot in the Australian Open fourth round via a 7-6(7), 6-3, 6-4 win. The Serb was moving gingerly in the first set but soon slipped back into his devastating rhythm, and his error-prone opponent had no answers. A taped-up thigh was a major concern for Djokovic fans before Saturday's showdown with 27th-seed Dimitrov. The 21-time Grand Slam champion admitted that the issue was 'worrying' after his second-round win over Frenchman Enzo Couacaud. Djokovic immediately established control over Dimitrov with an early break of serve, and he made his opponent do the running with powerful hitting from the baseline. One or two uncomfortable movements saw Djokovic pull up and move cautiously on his left leg, however, which began to bother him at the end of the first set. Dimitrov pounced on the vulnerability and even had points to take it, but Djokovic forced a tie-break and somehow found a second wind to prevail 9-7. A brief medical timeout saw the nine-time Aussie Open winner put his injury struggles behind him as he kicked on in the second. DON'T MISS: Novak Djokovic clashes with umpire during Grigor Dimitrov Australian Open tie Things only got more comfortable for Djokovic after brief worries that he could withdraw, with his accurate serve keeping energy-sapping points to a minimum. Dimitrov left plenty to be desired in terms of consistency, allowing Djokovic to take the second set 6-3. With momentum building in favour of the veteran, he notched two early breaks in the third as Dimitrov continued making mistakes. Having hobbled his way through the end of the first set, Djokovic and his team were undoubtedly over the moon to get back to the locker room with a 7-6 6-3 6-4 victory, sealed just after a stunning 31-shot rally in the final game which saw both players fire up the crowd. In reaching the last 16, Djokovic has set up a showdown with 22nd seed and home favourite Alex de Minaur. The Aussie has only dropped one set so far with wins over Yu Hsiou Hsu, Adrian Mannarino and Benjamin Bonzi in Melbourne, while he will be bidding to make it into the quarter-finals for the first time in his career. Djokovic's gutsy showing against Dimitrov will serve as a warning to De Minaur that the Serb doesn't plan to give up easily and is prepared to play through pain. "My situation with my injury is not ideal. I don’t want to go too deep into it, but the good thing is we have a day off in between the matches," said Djokovic after victory over Couacaud on Thursday. "I have time to recover and prepare for the next match. I am not practicing in the days between matches to give my leg a chance to perform at a high level. I am worried, I cannot say that I’m not. "I have reason to be worried and I have to adjust myself and my team so that I can be able to play every match. There are two choices; leave it or keep going. I am going to try and stick with it. I’ll take it match by match and see how it goes." 