The 82-year-old Loose Women star spoke out about not wanting to retire during Wednesday's instalment of the ITV talk show. Gloria returned to the show earlier this month after being rushed to hospital in the build-up to Christmas. While she told the panel she has recovered, she did say she had fears about the future during her hospital stint. When asked if it was fair to raise the retirement age in the UK, Gloria began: "Retirement isn't in my vocabulary. But I do understand a lot of people look forward to their retirement." She continued: "But for me, I like work, I think it keeps the brain ticking over and I met lovely people like you and the audience. "For me, I like it and it just depends on what job you do and if you like it or not." Denise Welch started discussing growing older, and shared: "We go from saying Gloria fell down to Gloria had a fall." READ MORE: Tony Blackburn hits back at BBC complaints 'Switch it off' Gloria replied: "On quite a serious note, I was quite sick over the Christmas period with kidney stones." She said it was the "first time" in her life she has been worried about her age. Gloria added: "I haven't been anxious about it as I am still doing what I have been doing since I was about 20 or 30 years old. "But it was the first time ever [at Christmas] I sat on my chair watching TV and I thought, 'Is this what it is going to be like?'  "But do you know what? I have forgotten about that now." The Loose Women panel praised Gloria for "bouncing bag" following her health scare Gloria was referring to when she was rushed to hospital in the run-up to Christmas for a medical emergency. The Loose Women star was taken to hospital following a kidney infection and sepsis and she was forced to take time off the ITV talk show. DON'T MISS...Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes failed Loose Women kissing challenge [UPDATE]Janet Street-Porter makes savage dig at Loose Women star's appearance [INSIGHT]Loose Women's Nadia Sawalha reflects on 'sadness' in old bikini pics  [PICTURES] Her blood pressure fell very low and it took Gloria more than three weeks to recover from the ordeal. Gloria returned to Loose Women on January 10 where she was met with a warm welcome from Ruth Langsford and the rest of the panel. Ruth said at the time: "People might just assume that you've been away, been on holiday, but you've actually been very unwell. Gloria added: "To see the audience, to see all you girls, I'm really happy to be here."  "I had kidney sepsis and a chest infection, so I had it all," Gloria added. "People have been ill over Christmas, I know that, but with me, it was like somebody had turned a tap." She was rushed to a hospital with kidney stones months after suffering from a "horrific" fall which left her with broken bones last June. Loose Women continues on weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV and ITVX. 