Cleaning bathroom tiles can be a laborious task, especially if you have floor-to-ceiling tiles. Often, people go about scrubbing tiles and then wiping them over to remove stains and give them a shiny finish. However, this can take a while and can be difficult for those who struggle with their mobility. Luckily, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their handy hack for cleaning bathroom tiles using a common household item. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Wendy Lewis posted: “Best thing to clean bathroom tiles?” READ MORE: King Charles was desperate to live in London home - but Queen refused The post was inundated with responses but the most common suggestion was to use a mop. Paula Hughes said: “I’ve just cleaned mine and the ceiling with my Flash mop! So easy.” Anne Baxter agreed and said: “Had to find a way to clean PVC ceiling in bathroom and kitchen. “A squeeze mop and a bucket with some Flash liquid in the water. Perfect.” DON'T MISS'Five things I would never do as an interior designer' [INSIGHT]5 ‘bad habits’ to avoid that ‘drastically’ add to your energy bills [UPDATE]Monty Don shares key 'principle' pruning fruit trees in winter [ANALYSIS] Paula Hughes told Ryan Laffan: “I’ve used the Flash mop on tiles and PVC ceiling! The mop with the wet wipes! So easy.” Mops are a great way to clean tiles, especially if they’re floor-to-ceiling bathroom tiles. However, using a sponge mop could push dirty water into grout lines which could look unpleasant if you have white tile grout. Also, try not to use too much detergent as this can cause a build-up of product on the tile surface. READ MORE: ‘Most common misconceptions’ about mould growth in the home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea There are a plethora of floor mops available that can be bought either online or from supermarkets. Vileda 1-2 Spray Mop costs £16.66 from Argos. Addis Spray Mop costs £12 from Dunelm. Flash Floor Cleaner Speedmop Starter Kit costs £10 from Asda. Vileda Turbo Smart Spin Mop costs £20 from Dunelm. Other suggestions for cleaning bathroom tiles included using white vinegar, Cif, Method bathroom spray, Ace bleach, Flash bleach and Pink Stuff. Jane Austin Keen Butler said: “White vinegar and Fairy original liquid in a spray bottle with water. No effort and leaves no streaks.” Jill Constable replied: “Cif bathroom grime and limescale. I use a non-scratch scourer then rinse it and then buff with a microfibre cloth.” Helen Williams commented: “I love Method bathroom spray.” Clare Khalil suggested: “Ace bleach (the blue one) in a spray bottle.” Teresa Mcmillan said: “I discovered Flash bleach with bicarbonate of soda! It smells so fresh. Always dry after cleaning.” Joanna Drummond replied: “Pink Stuff. It's amazing.”