A spending/borrowing economic mess, largely caused by the pandemic and Vladimir Putin’s assault on freedom in the Ukraine, with a cost of living crisis; illegal immigration out of control; a vindictive EU cross over Brexit: the NHS in deep trouble with 500 reported to be dying every week because of the backlog; police forces choosing which laws to enforce; education and national institutions taken over by the deranged wokerati; and trade unions striking at will just to make life more difficult and so supplant the Government with one they can control as its paymasters. That is enough for any country to have to cope with, and that’s before factoring-in the marked reluctance among many public servants generally to do their duty. Of course, we know that we shall be able to elect a new government next year. This is more than many other countries can say because they have adopted proportional representation which just recycles the same old dross. Unfortunately, our Labour Opposition does not promise any improvement. Indeed, it could be damagingly worse. This is not a pretty sight. Nor is there any the prospect of any improvement this year. Yet the majority of the population keep their heads and carry on. They remind me of the sanguinity of First World War Tommies in the trenches. And that is precisely where we are in 2023: fighting not for our lives but certainly for freedom and prosperity. It is only when you examine one aspect of this tale of woe – namely, the endless public service strikes – that the full forbearance of the British public hits home. Just who are our 5m public servants – I jest – striking against? I suppose they would say the Tory Government to persuade it to loosen the purse strings and pay a decent wage. No recognition that there is no money in the kitty. What do they care about the economy? As for pampered railway workers, I wonder just how brazen some trade unionists can get. I suspect they would find it difficult to live happily on fading footballer Cristiano Ronaldo’s ridiculous new Saudi salary. But to return to who they are fighting. Apart from trying to oust the Tories, the Government is only a means to an end in their current and most other extortion campaigns. Their real target is the mass of taxpayers with the aim of persuading them to press the Government to pay up or go down in a general election. So, to pile absurdity on cheek, they are depriving the very people of crucial services who pay their salaries, bonuses and contribute to their index linked pensions. And still we tolerate these modern highwaymen. If that is not forbearance, I don’t know what is. Is there no end to it? Not so far as I can see, if Britons remain as passive and neglectful of their often vital interests. There is nonetheless hope. The Trade Unions are well known for killing the goose. A procession of Trade Union leaders destroyed their members’ jobs and even their industries from the 1960s, notably shipbuilding, steel and car manufacture. In the 1980s Arthur Scargill wrecked the coal mining industry in an effort to oust the Tories. He met more than his match in the Iron Lady. Yet still the unions persist in using the strike weapon even with new sources of labour in the form of artificial intelligence and robots round the corner. One of these days we shall find a strike having no discernible effect because technology has taken over. That will prove once and for all that not only are their leaders utterly dense but are motivated entirely by Marx and his class war - Capitalism, that great bread machine, has to be destroyed at all costs, even their members’ livelihoods. The conclusions to be drawn from my New Year homily are: Governments should never give an inch – it just jacks up the price; taxpayers should insist strikes in public services are outlawed this day; employers should go a bundle on technology to try to induce some rationality into the class warriors; and Trade Unionists should either get new, constructive leaders or just walk out. There is no future in forbearance.