Father Brown is back on the BBC with its 10th season and the comedy-drama has featured plenty of stars over the years. Bridgette McCarthy (played by Sorcha Cusack) was Father Brown's (Mark Williams) church secretary at St Mary's. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about why the TV star left in the previous season. Irish actress Sorcha Cusack is one of the stars not returning for season 10, along with Emer Kenny and Jack Deam. Their absence was confirmed when a publicity shot for the new series was released. Actor John Burton, who plays Sergeant Goodfellow, explained why the cast shake-up had taken place. Taking to Twitter, he said: "Occasionally long running shows need to be refreshed due to artists' availability. READ MORE: Father Brown season 10 will have some intriguing cases "So it means we do have some absentees this year, with a few long-term artists moving onto other projects for their own career progression. "This is part of an actor's life, and we must go where the work takes us. "Yes, there are some changes - but they are brilliant changes, and I truly believe you will absolutely love the new/returning characters. "For the moment, we have said goodbye to a few characters who have been brilliant to work with over the years." With this in mind, it appears Sorcha left the series to explore pastures new. However, from John's statement, it appears the door has perhaps been left open for her return. Sorcha, 73, does not seem to have addressed her exit from the series at this moment in time. The busy Irish actress comes from a family of famous stars, with her parents being actors Cyril and Maureen Cusack. DON'T MISS... Tom Chambers pays tribute to Father Brown star Mark Williams [INSIGHT] Father Brown's Mark Williams details on-set accident after fall [DISCUSSION] Father Brown star addresses major shake-up ahead of new series [EXPLAINER] Her sisters, Sinead and Niamh, are both actresses, as well as her half-sister Catherine Cusack. Niamh played Mrs McCarthy's sister Roisin in the 2020 episode of Father Brown, called The Numbers of the Beast. She is also the aunt of Call the Midwife's Nancy Corrigan actress, Meghan Cusack. Her credits over the years include Inspector Morse, Jane Eyre, Coronation Street and Mrs Brown's Boys. She joined the cast of Father Brown for its debut in 2013, lasting a decade on the show. Other stars leaving Father Brown include Jack Deam as Inspector Mallory and Emer Kenny as Penelope (Bunty) Windermere. However, there are some new faces joining the cast, including Mrs Devine (Claudie Blakley). Season 10 is made up of 10 episodes, which will air weekly from 1.45pm.  Father Brown airs on BBC One on Fridays