Rafael Nadal delayed his Australian Open first-round match against Britain's Jack Draper after his favourite racket went missing court-side. The number one seed looked confused as he explained to the umpire that he thought a ball kid had taken the wrong racket to the stringer during the opening set. Nadal hesitantly disrupted the flow of a hard-fought start to the match at the Rod Laver Arena, with the score at 4-3 on the changeover. As the defending champion searched for his favourite racket on his bench, he realised the ball kid had taken the wrong one to the stringer to get repaired. It led to an entertaining exchange with the just-as-bewildered umpire, leaving Eurosport commentators and spectators watching on in confusion. Clearly in disbelief at the blunder, he told the umpire: "It's this one for the stringer, not that one. I need the racket back! It is this not one. I need the dampener and everything. The ball boy took my racket!" Nadal eventually played on with a different racket before breaking Draper's serve to take the opening set 7-5 in Melbourne. JUST IN: Raducanu tames injury fears with statement Aus Open win over Korpatsch Eurosport commentator Guy McCrea joined Nadal and the umpire's puzzlement over the farcical incident. "I'm not sure what is going on here. Something is missing," McCrea attempted to explain. "They have taken the wrong racquet to the stringer - the wrong one has been taken to the stringer, the one he was playing with. "He plays with a vibration dampener, and that has been taken with the current racquet he was playing with. I don't think he has a spare one, so I think there is going to be a delay here! Let's see if he can fish out another dampener here. READ MORE: Australian Open star in tears as Raducanu sets up Gauff clash "He must have a spare one, surely! I think he is just getting one out of the packet there, and we are good to go here because he was a spare one!" The winner of Nadal vs Draper will face unseeded American Mackenzie Mcdonald after his victory over Brandon Nakashima in a five-set thriller. Despite his successful 2022, Nadal is second in the ATP rankings behind US Open champion Carlos Alcaraz. However, his fellow Spaniard dropped out of the Australian Open, leaving him the reigning king and top seed for the first Slam of the year.