A woman "panicked" and took an ATM apart with her hands after it swallowed her card. Charley Harrison, 26, went to the cash machine at an Asda to withdraw money for her friend but, upon returning to her pal, the woman was unable to find the money.  A court heard Harrison searched for more than an hour to find the missing cash and returned to the ATM. It was at that moment she realised she also didn’t have her friend’s bank card, Teesside Live reports. Harrison, who "didn’t want everyone to think she had nicked a bank card or money"’, decided to "rip up the ATM with her hands". Harrison, who claims disability benefit, pleaded guilty to criminal damage at Teesside Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday. Michael Embleton, prosecuting, outlined how police were called to the store near Redcar, Teesside, on September 24 after someone spotted a person using a saw to cause damage to an ATM. Officers attended the supermarket and approached Harrison who was standing near the cash machine. However, a saw - or any other piece of equipment - was not found. Harrison told officers that the ATM had "swallowed her cash". When officers inspected the machine they found that the cash strip was broken, the screen had been smashed and parts of the machine were on the floor. Harrison was interviewed by officers and when asked if she was responsible for the damage she replied "yes". She told how she went to the cash point but didn’t take the money from the machine. She then left and noticed her balance had gone down, Mr Embleton told the court. She then noticed that she didn’t have the bank card used either and stated the machine had ‘swallowed her card’. Mr Embleton described how Harrison “took the cash machine apart” and when asked what she had used, Harrison responded that she used ‘her hands to rip things apart’. Harrison denied using a saw to cause damage to the machine which belongs to Barclays. The prosecutor added that Harrison has six convictions for eight offences. Harrison, who was unrepresented during the hearing, agreed with all facts the prosecutor outlined to the magistrates’ bench. She told how it was her friend’s bank card and she went to the cash machine to withdraw money for her. “I got cash out but there was no cash on me," she said. “I was searching for it for an hour and a half."  She added that when she returned to the ATM that the bank card was not in the machine. "I was panicking," Harrison added. "I didn’t want everyone to think I had nicked a bank card or money. I ripped it up with my hands." The magistrates’ bench ordered a pre-sentence report to be prepared before Harrison learns her fate. Harrison, of Thornaby-on-Tees, Teesside, will return to Teesside Magistrates’ Court on February 2 for sentencing. She was granted unconditional bail.  