Fans of Nick Kyrgios have been left blaming Netflix after the star withdrew from the Australian Open. The home favourite confirmed on Monday that he wouldn't be fit to take part at Albert Park, having failed to recover from the knee injury that ruled him out of the United Cup at the 11th hour this month. Fears over the Canberra man's participation in the first Slam of 2023 grew when he also pulled out of the Adelaide 2 International, which was set to serve as his final warm-up tournament. However, a hastily arranged exhibition match with Novak Djokovic at the Rod Laver Arena on Friday secured the star some much needed practice time. Addressing the media, the world No 21, who will need minor surgery to remove a cyst from his left knee, said: "I'm devastated, obviously, it's my home Slam and going into this event as one of the favourites, it’s brutal. Bad timing. Injuries are part of the sport.” Last week, Kyrgios had starred in the opening episode of the much-talked about new Netflix series, Break Point. The second episode focuses on WTA players Ajla Tomljanovic and Paula Badosa, both of whom are also absent in Melbourne due to injury. And it's all led to tennis fans pedalling a new conspiracy theory. JUST IN: Australian Open star in tears as Raducanu sets up Gauff clash - overnight round-up The iPaper reporter James Gray tweeted: "The #NetflixCurse has now ruled Ajla Tomljanovic, Paula Badosa and Nick Kyrgios out of the #AusOpen," and he also jokingly warned about stars of future episodes, adding: "Pray for Casper Ruud, Taylor Fritz and Frances Tiafoe..." @jon_wertheim, also referencing top seed Carlos Alcaraz being ruled out, added: "We'll joke about the Netflix curse.But Kyrgios withdrawal means four 'ascending stars' of doc series are missing the Australian Open, the first Major of the season, because of injury." DON'T MISS:Russian flag on show at Australian Open as Ukraine ambassador calls for actionRafael Nadal comes through tough Jack Draper test at Australian OpenEmma Raducanu tames injury fears with statement Australian Open win over Tamara Korpatsch   @nadarufan echoed the words of many by writing "The netflix curse is real," while an Alexander Zverev fan noted: "Ok so if Fritz is also affected by the Netflix curse Sascha (Zverev's nickname) makes quarters?"