Can you smooth over your Artex ceiling yourself without enlisting the help of an expert? It’s an age-old question that seems to be gaining momentum as more of us try and tackle home projects ourselves. Artex ceilings don’t often work well with contemporary interiors unless you’re purposefully channelling a 70-style look. An Artex ceiling’s swirly pattern and rough texture can quickly date a room, making it almost impossible to achieve a clean, slick finish. A plasterer can easily skim an Artex ceiling but this comes at a cost - and rightly so. The average cost to skim a ceiling can range from anywhere between £200 and £575 depending on the size of the room, according to Checkatrade. Furthermore, an Artex ceiling with asbestos can cost £3,000 for an average-sized ceiling, according to the site. It’s also likely that if one ceiling in a property has Artex, the other rooms will too, making it a potentially costly project to complete. This is where DIY and home interiors content creator and writer Claire Douglas comes in. The experienced DIYer, 39, from Tunbridge Wells has managed to successfully smooth over lots of Artex ceilings in her own home using common DIY tools and cost-effective products. The interior sensation realised the extent of the problem when her social media posts detailing a solution quickly went viral. Claire, who has more than 24,000 followers on Instagram and her own website, Claire Douglas Styling, has shared her step-by-step guide exclusively with Express.co.uk so you can learn how to achieve a perfectly smooth ceiling without enlisting the help of a professional. READ MORE: When to wash your bed sheets to eliminate germs and 'critters' What you will need will depend on your previous experience and the size of your hands, according to Claire. She explained: “A DIY plastering tool set costs around £20 so experiment with different combinations. “The aim is to develop a system that you can repeat quickly and effectively, this might be with a trowel and hawk board, a taping knife and plastering pan or my current method involves sitting the tub of plaster on the top step of the ladder, scooping out plaster onto a taping knife (similarly to a hawk board) and loading just the right amount each time onto my trusty ConcreteLab.co.uk skimming spreader.” If your Artex ceiling has not been tested for asbestos, ensure you do not disturb the ceiling by drilling, sanding or scraping at it in case it contains asbestos. Before you start work of any kind on an Artex ceiling, you should ideally have it tested for asbestos. Unfortunately, white asbestos, also known as chrysotile, was added to Artex until it was banned in the UK in 1999. Asbestos is not harmful if it is left intact and undisturbed, however, when the dust is released into the air it can be harmful to our health. Breathing in asbestos fibres can cause shortness of breath and can even scar the lungs of some individuals. DON'T MISS5 ‘essential’ garden plants that need to be pruned in winter - and how [INSIGHT]6 safe and effective methods to stop rats visiting your garden [UPDATE]Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore [ANALYSIS] If you choose not to have your ceiling tested, you should take the same precautions as you would for a positive result and be certain not to disturb the Artex when you skim over it. When it comes to selling your property, be sure to notify the new owners of the work you have carried out. 1. Make sure the surface is clean, dry and sound and remove any dust and grease. Sugar soap is best for this, however, ensure the Artex doesn’t get too wet or it could fall apart. If you are using a multi-finish plaster, apply a diluted PVA solution and allow it to go tacky. Alternatively, blue grit bonding agent works well. 2. Mix your plaster to a smooth creamy consistency, if using a ready-mixed product be sure to dilute it a little to help you achieve a smooth finish. 3. Working in sections, apply the first coat of plaster to the ceiling starting at the edge and working inwards. Don’t worry about smoothing it too neatly at this stage, instead focus on getting a thin, even coat. 4. Once applied, start in the corner and make smooth even passes from one side to the other with your spreading tool of choice. Hold the spreader at a slight angle to ensure you only get one line/seam in each pass then smooth over it in the next pass. READ MORE: DIY expert shares how to paint radiators for a ‘seamless’ finish 5. Allow it to dry a little while you complete the adjacent section, then go back before it has fully set to identify any imperfections. This will save any sanding later which is best avoided. Use a damp sponge or cloth to gently wipe over and smooth out the imperfections. 6. Cover the whole ceiling following the above steps and allow it to dry. 7. Repeat the above steps for the second coat, working in passes at right angles to the first coat. 8. If your ceiling is uneven, you might need a third coat in some localised areas. 9. Once dry, admire your smooth new ceiling which should be ready to paint. Practice on a wall first It’s easier to work on a surface in front of you than on a surface above your head. So spend some time honing your skills before plunging in the deep end. Make sure you always start with clean tools Even the smallest lumps of dried plaster on your spreader will leave tracks in the newly applied product. Water is your friend Dilute the ready-mixed product (if that’s what you’ve used) initially and then continue to moisten the surface while you are smoothing it. You can use a mist spray directly onto the applied plaster then smooth it with your tools or even a damp sponge afterwards to smooth out any imperfections. After smoothing, each coat should be 1-2mm thick, meaning a total thickness after two coats of approx 3mm. If your ceiling is very uneven you might have patches which are slightly thicker. Apply a third coat rather than applying too thickly in these areas to prevent cracking.