Long-running pros on the BBC competition Gorka Marquez and Karen Haur could be swapping their dancing shoes for number panels one day in the future. The duo, who have been staples on Strictly Come Dancing since 2012 and 2016, revealed their hopes of becoming a judge in the future. Last year viewers of the BBC dance competition watched as wildlife cameraman Hamza Yassin walked away as the series champion with professional partner Jowita Pryzstal. Following close behind were Fleur East and Vito Coppola, Molly Rainford and Carlos Gu, and Helen Skelton and Gorka Márquez. Gorka, who joined the Strictly Come Dancing professional line-up in 2016, is currently preparing for the UK tour of Firedance with fellow Strictly star Karen Hauer.   READ MORE:Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row  Although many fans are used to watching them take charge on the dancefloor, the duo confessed they wouldn’t be opposed to hanging up their dancing shows for a different role. Speaking to Hello! magazine, Gorka and Karen were questioned on whether or not they’d like to take the same path as Anton Du Beke, who joined the judging panel in 2021. Karen confessed: “I would love that 100 per cent. Gorka and I with Anton would be perfect.” Echoing his co-stars thoughts, Gorka added: “I will dance for as long as my body allows it, but I would love to be in the chair like Craig (Revel Horwood) and Anton – and give an opinion.”  Viewers first saw Anton switch positions in 2020 when he sat in for Motsi Mabuse for two weeks alongside Shirley Ballas and Craig Revel Horwood. It wasn’t until 2021 that the professional dancer became a permanent fixture as a judge when he replaced Bruno Tonioli. Bruno stepped down from his role after 18 years on the show with the long-running judge admitting that the travel between the UK and the US for Dancing with the Stars had become too strenuous. When it was announced Anton would be a full-time judge on the show, the 56-year-old told fans he was thrilled at the shake-up. DON'T MISS... Dancing on Ice star shares message from 'fierce friend' Oti Mabuse [DANCING ON ICE] The Masked Singer Rubbish star addresses backlash to knocking Lulu out [INSIGHT] Shirley Ballas queries US career after sharing how much she misses son [VIDEO] At the time, he said: “My loves, I cannot tell you how thrilled I am to be stepping into Bruno’s brogues for the next series of Strictly. “It’s a dream come true to be judging alongside the best of the best and I promise to be kinder to all the couples than any of them have ever been to me.” Speaking about Anton following in his footsteps, Bruno had nothing but high praise over the decision.  He said: “I have to tell you, Anton IS Mr Strictly and if anybody is filling in for me, it has to be him. “I honestly wouldn’t have it any other way and I am so excited to see him waggle his paddle.” The last time Anton competed in the series was in 2020 when he was partnered with former home secretary Jacqui Smith. Sadly, the duo were eliminated in the second week with Bill Bailey and Oti Mabuse taking the championship. Strictly Come Dancing is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 