Manchester United starlet Amad has shown Erik ten Hag what he is missing after starring once again on loan at Sunderland. The Championship side defeated Michael Carrick’s Middlesbrough 2-0 on Sunday and the loanee scored the second goal which clinched three points for Tony Mowbray’s outfit and moved them up to ninth in the table.   Ross Stewart scored the opening goal of the game six minutes after the half-time restart and shortly after Dael Fry was sent off for the visitors, but Amad sealed the three points for Sunderland nine minutes from the end with his latest impressive strike. He took over possession inside the box and cut inside on his left foot and curled an effort into the near corner. The goal was the 20-year-old's seventh of the season in what has been a very successful loan spell. His success has caught the attention of boss Ten Hag but the Dutchman doesn't want to recall the winger despite his stunning form. The Ivorian was named man of the match once again, at a time where United's right side of attack has been questioned. Antony has not had the immediate success that he would have hoped for after sealing an £85million move from Ajax in the summer. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Jadon Sancho has only recently returned to first-team training and is set to ramp up his progress after missing several months, while Anthony Elanga has rarely featured since the World Cup break and there has been talk that he may leave Old Trafford on loan. Bruno Fernandes has often lined up on the right and Amad could've given United another exciting option to have as they look to mount an unlikely title tilt but Ten Hag has made it clear he doesn't want the player back just yet. At the start of the month, Ten Hag was asked about potentially recalling Amad but insisted he would prefer for the youngster to see the season out at Sunderland.  "We consider everything, but I have a little bit of reservation about that because I don’t want to stop the process," Ten Hag said. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see "He's made really good progress there so I’m happy with that. When we decide for him to come back, he has to be a player who can compete for the starting line-up or come on for a lot of games and make an impact." Ten Hag may now be regretting that decision after Amad yet again stole the headlines. Sunderland boss Mowbray admitted he had a "long conversation" with United officials regarding Amad, but hopes that he remains in the north-east until the end of the season. "I had a long conversation with coaches at Manchester United this week who were asking about Amad," he told the Northern Echo. "He undoubtedly has the talent to play at the top level. What happens with young footballers is it's whether they have the internal mechanisms, the personality to play with the demands of that club." 