A boyfriend threw his partner a KFC-themed birthday party - because she loves fried chicken so much. David Goodings, 28, pulled out all the stops to surprise Gemma Whittaker for her 30th birthday so put together a bespoke gravy fountain and bucket of chicken made of cake. Friends and family also enjoyed chicken buckets, and special graphics on the TV at the home in Chessington, southwest London. David said: "She loves KFC, if we're ever having a takeaway we always choose KFC, we live just around the corner from one - which is great, but it's not great for our diets. We have a balanced diet, but we do love our food. "For us, we just love the chicken, but the best bit has got to be the gravy. "There's something about it that's quite special, and we love the popcorn chicken, the thighs, we love it all." Gemma, who works as a field sales executive, loves KFC so much that every time the pair decide to order a takeaway it's her go-to choice. Speaking to Mirror, David continued: "For Gemma's birthday, knowing that she loves KFC, I decided to put together a whole afternoon with a KFC theme. "We got red and white balloons, I made a little graphic for the TV with the logo on and it had a message saying happy 30th Gemma."  David used Facebook Marketplace, an online platform to buy and sell secondhand goods, to source a chocolate fountain, which he spray-painted red and turned into a gravy fountain. "It went down really well, it was like a chocolate fountain but with gravy instead, I think they should be on sale in the shops because it went down a treat," David added. "I bought some flowers from the shop and then I stuck chicken pieces in the flowers to keep it in the theme, and then I also got a local cake baker, she's really talented, she made a whole KFC-based cake which looks completely real - If you've seen the show Is It Cake?, you get the idea, it looks so real you wouldn't know. "The chicken bits on top were actually cake, it's made to look like a bucket but of course, it was all made of cake."  David continued: "Apparently the chicken on top, to make it look real she used bits of broken-up cornflakes, she did a really good job on it and it tasted amazing too. "It didn't taste like chicken, weirdly the chicken cake bits tasted better than the actual cake, I guess it's the texture of the cornflakes and the icing, and the psychological thing as well. "Gemma was completely surprised by it, she didn't know what was going on, I kept it top secret from her and she loved it. "In her words, she said she couldn't have asked for a better present and I know her too well." 