Buffalo Bills head coach Sean McDermott thanked several people for going above and beyond since safety Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest on the field Monday night in Cincinnati. However, the coach had one very important shout-out at the end of the list.  He said: “Finally and just as important as anything is glory to God for his keeping Damar and his family in the palm of his hand over the last couple of days and his healing powers." “The amount of faith, hope and love that we saw on display over the last three days has been nothing short of amazing,” he added. McDermott, who described himself as a “Christian man,” became emotional while speaking about the outpouring of prayers for Hamlin and the millions of dollars in donations to his Chasing M’s Foundation toy drive. He said: “I’m not a big social media person, but [Bills quarterback] Josh [Allen] did share something with me via text that he saw today, earlier today, and I looked at it, and it was … about what maybe Damar’s mom is going to share with him when he wakes up.   “It’s amazing to know the impact that this has had on so many people, and for now, Damar to be awake and [for] his mom to be able to share that with him is incredible.” On Thursday, the Bills announced that doctors said Hamlin has shown “substantial improvement” at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center, where he was still listed in critical condition. When asked how the team felt about playing the team’s next game, Allen said at the news conference that Hamlin’s father, Mario, urged the team to focus on playing. Allen said: “His dad said the first thing he was going to ask was ‘who won the game,’ and sure enough that’s what he did.” READ MORE: Mum faked kidnapping after murdering & dismembering toddler  On Friday, staff at the University of Cincinnati Medical Centre confirmed Hamlin’s breathing tube had been removed overnight. He has since spoken to family, friends and teammates, with Bills head coach Sean McDermott revealing Hamlin delighted his teammates by flexing on a video call. With the second-year safety on the mend, the final weekend of the regular season will go ahead as planned and the NFL has announced each team will hold a pre-game tribute, with a message to be read before kick-off as well as a scoreboard graphic. The Bills will go a step further, with a patch adorning Hamlin’s number three to be stitched to their players’ jerseys for the crunch clash against AFC East rivals the New England Patriots, with the Bills chasing the number one seed in the AFC. DON'T MISS:Harry 'wanted his face to be the first thing Lilibet saw' [REVEAL]Putin humiliated as over 20 Russian diplomats and spies defected  [INSIGHT]Princess Anne in high spirits as she wear brooch to symbolise 'unity' [SPOTLIGHT] Dr Timothy Pritts said Hamlin, after waking up, asked in writing who had won the game Monday night, according to Fox News. Dr Pritts said: “When he asked did we win, the answer is yes, Damar, you won the game of life.” 