Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodriguez are set to break Saudi Arabian laws after he completed his blockbuster transfer to Al-Nassr earlier this week. The 37-year-old striker was unveiled on Tuesday, but he could make a controversial start to his new chapter in the Middle East. Ronaldo has moved to Saudi Arabia with his partner Rodriguez and their five children after signing a two-and-a-half-year contract worth £177million per year at Al-Nassr. However, considering the pair are not yet married, they will be breaking the law by living together in the country. It is illegal to live under the same roof in Saudi Arabia without being married, raising questions about how Ronaldo and Rodriquez will be treated as they embark on a new adventure. But Sport have referenced an EFE report, which features the professional opinion of two Saudi lawyers. Both believe the authorities will ignore the infringement. One said: "Although the laws still prohibit cohabitation without a marriage contract, the authorities have begun to turn a blind eye and do not persecute anyone. Of course, these laws are used when there is a problem or a crime." JUST IN: Man Utd think they’ve found ‘feasible’ Ronaldo replacement at last  A second lawyer backed up that view, stating: "The Saudi Arabian authorities, today, do not interfere in this matter [in the case of foreigners], but the law continues to prohibit cohabitation outside of marriage." Ronaldo met Rodriguez, a 28-year-old Spanish-Argentine model, during his Real Madrid days and has recently admitted he wants to make her his wife. Speaking with Piers Morgan in his bombshell TalkTV interview in November, he said: "I'm not thinking now about that, but I can see in the future I think I deserve, she deserves. "But it's something that's not coming now in my plans, but in the future, yes, I want." READ MORE: Illan Meslier has already made Newcastle feelings clear amid links  Ronaldo will have to wait to make his Al-Nassr debut due to FIFA rules over punishment for his actions at Manchester United. He'll miss games against Al-Ta'ee and Al-Shabab while he serves a two-match ban for smashing a phone out of an Everton fan's hand after United's defeat at Goodison Park last season. The English FA charged him with improper and violent conduct and handed him a £50,000 fine. But if the reception at his unveiling is anything to go by, Saudi fans can't wait to see the five-time Ballon d'Or winner in action. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here