Cristiano Ronaldo has been left red-faced after fans saw right through an Instagram post made in the aftermath of his Al-Nassr debut. The Manchester United icon is settling into life in Saudi Arabia and has been sharing snapshots of his first few matches on his social media channels. Ronaldo made his debut in his new club’s 1-0 win over Ettifaq last Sunday. The veteran attacker failed to get on the scoresheet, with strike partner Anderson Talisca instead getting the match-winning strike. But his lack of a goal did not prevent the 37-year-old from posting a cheery message to Instagram. “First game, first win - well done guys. Thanks to all the fans for the incredible support,” Ronaldo wrote. The post was attached to a series of images from his maiden outing for Al-Nassr, including a pre-match team photo, a few of him in possession, one of him celebrating with Talisca, and another one of the Real Madrid legend attempting an audacious overhead kick. JUST IN: Ronaldo anonymous as wait for first Al-Nassr goal goes on in defeat However, the image of the acrobatic effort was not all as it seemed and some fans were not fooled by it. The picture appears to show Ronaldo lining up an incredible effort, proving that he still has the technical and physical qualities to play at the highest level. Television replays showed that the bicycle kick was not quite a carbon copy of his famous strike for Madrid against Juventus in 2018, though. In fact, Ronaldo completely misses the ball and is made to look rather silly as he lays on the floor. As the cross comes into the box, Ronaldo lines up the incredible effort, clearly dreaming of a remarkable debut goal. His marker then misses their header, leaving the Portugal captain free to execute his volley. DON'T MISS...Man Utd have a brilliant double act back thanks to Cristiano RonaldoMarcus Rashford urged to make Ronaldo demand as Man Utd's main manCristiano Ronaldo has new rival in Odion Ighalo as 'threat' discussed But Ronaldo is left embarrassed as he completely misjudges the flight of the ball. One fan took to Twitter after seeing Ronaldo's post with @SinbadYaro writing: "So Ronaldo hurt the guy with a failed overhead kick and still went ahead to post it? No way." There was another incident when the striker attempted a ball roll but failed to pull off the trick, with the ball hitting his left heel and spinning away from his possession. It has not been the most remarkable start for Ronaldo in the Middle East. Al-Nassr were knocked out of their domestic cup competition in his second appearance on Thursday evening, losing 3-1 against Al-Ittihad. Ronaldo has signed a two-year deal worth a reported £350m to see out his career with Al-Nassr. The Saudi club are confident of keeping him for the duration of his contract, with it reported that European teams could attempt to lure him back into the Champions League should he perform well in the Saudi Pro League.