We put a rapist in a women's prison. A double rapist actually, with a penis, a well-built male physiognomy and clearly a deep hatred of women... in a women's prison. Because he said he was a woman. And no-one - NO-ONE - in the entire chain of credulous imbecility from arrest to cell block stopped to say "er, are we sure about this chaps?" Because we live in a time when the rights of a double rapist, a violent piece of woman-hating filth, are deemed sacrosanct. We have gone mad. It was a Scottish prison - well of course it was. And until a few hours ago the decision was defended by Nicola Sturgeon's increasingly unhinged Scottish National Party. But at First Minister's Questions yesterday afternoon an utterly shameless Sturgeon finally collapsed in the face of a tsunami of public outrage. At FMQs she announced that the person, who was Adam Graham until the moment he appeared in court on rape charges, would be moved from Cornton Vale women's prison. Stirling's Cornton Vale houses 400 female inmates. And, according to a report which the authorities must have been aware of, contains a high incidence of women who have experienced physical, mental and sexual abuse. Yet the Scottish Prison Service still incarcerated a woman-hating double rapist within those walls - a move fully supported by SNP Justice Secretary Keith Brown. Then, without betraying even a flicker of shame, Sturgeon stood at her Holyrood lectern and U-turned, spouting a mix of self-serving bilge and lies aimed at saving her political skin. She said: "This is not about whether an individual is trans or not" - it is. "The safety of other prisoners is paramount" - it's clearly not. "The chief executive of Rape Crisis Scotland said 'I don't see how it's possible to have a rapist within a female prison ... I agree with that." And yet, there the rapist was.. in a women's prison. And if not for an absolute torrent of public backlash (of the severity which can end political careers of course) he would still be there. And Adam Graham would still be there because he told everyone he was now a woman, and we have been so intimidated by so many aggressive, self-serving woke lobbies no-one had the courage or sense to say "er, no you're not". It may be that the bull-necked, shaven-headed former Mr Graham, who now insists on Isla Bryson, has indeed known he was trans since the age of four - as the court was told during his trial. Or it may be, as his estranged wife Shonna Graham (who, you may conclude might know him better than anyone) contends he is "bullsh*tting the authorities"  to avoid a tough male prison where sex offenders are not always warmly welcomed. Jaw-droppingly, even as Sturgeon squirmed her way through her humiliating U-turn she continued to champion this rapist's human rights. "It would not be appropriate of me to give details of any prisoner as to where they are being incarcerated...." she said without a flicker of self-awareness. Why wouldn't it Nicola? Why wouldn't it be appropriate for the public to know where the state is housing an evil, dangerous double rapist? Might he find it triggering? The media, you may have noticed, has been tying itself in knots over how to refer to stocky, facially tattooed Ms Bryson. Her? Him? They? Indeed the full insanity of where we have got to was perfectly exemplified by a prosecutor, presumably a sane and well-educated lawyer, who told Glasgow High Court "she" had used "her" penis to commit the rapes. But, as far as I'm concerned, he carried out these rapes as a man called Adam Graham, so I'm going to stick with that. He doesn't get to hide behind his new identity. If you feel I'm offending this poor rapist's rights please feel free to comment below. Because this is not an anti-trans piece, it's an anti-rapist piece, an anti-getting conned piece, and more than anything an anti-idiocy piece. The very fact anyone, anyone at all, could think it anything other than criminally stupid to house a rapist with vulnerable women shows how far down a very dark and very stupid path we have come. Justice Secretary Dominic Raab has insisted this madness could not happen south of the border. But given the catalogue of criminal idiocy revealed this week which allowed poor Zara Aleena to be murdered by a convicted killer just days after his early release was authorised.. I'm not sure I have much confidence in his words. The trans-crisis in our prisons has been staring us in the face for many years, and no-one has lifted a finger to tackle it. The Ministry of Justice says there has been a 17 percent surge in trans prisoners in England and Wales during the past year alone. And, surprise-surprise, there has been an increasing number of sexual assaults and coercive behaviour by male-bodied inmates in prisons. A male-bodied prisoner at Bronzefield women's prison in Surrey, who had previously sexually assaulted a woman was caught having sex with another inmate. The one with the penis is reported as saying: "I love p**sy — why would I want to be in a man’s prison?" And all this before we even get to Nicola Sturgeon's Gender Recognition Reform Bill. The Bill, which has not yet been ratified, will allow anyone over 16 in Scotland to self-identify as the opposite sex without needing medical diagnosis of gender dysphoria. It is controversial, it has many critics, yet the Scottish Government is ploughing ahead. Now, as we all know Sturgeon is a big fan of referendums. Perhaps she should go to the country on this issue and see what they make of this piece of legislation in the shipyards of the Clyde, the malting floors of Speyside and the fish markets of Aberdeen.