David Moyes is more convinced than ever that the board is still behind him despite five successive defeats. But he needs his players to know just how much he is hating the whole situation.“I would hope they do,” Moyes said tersely. “I want them to recognise that. The players want honesty and I will always be honest with them. If they play well I would tell them. If they played rubbish and not played well, I would tell them that as well. Most people in life want to be told the truth.” By the same token, Moyes is convinced the continued support of David Sullivan and the rest of the board is wholly genuine - despite the club being just one point above the relegation zone.“I can only give you my thing and I’ve had incredibly good backing from the board.“They’ve been fully supportive, I’m having regular conversations with them to tell them exactly where I think we are with what’s going on.“I’ve done everything I possibly can to give them that information and in return they’ve given me their support and their backing. “They have shown a bit of experience as well in not panicking. They want the club to win and the manager to do well, so they are giving me great support to let that happen.“But I am not stupid enough to think I can keep losing.”Moyes believes going into the trip to Leeds that most fans are still on board, though, given his track record of rescuing them in the past.“Yes, as we all get older we all get a little wiser, don’t we?” he said. “I don’t like saying it as I don’t want to be a boastful one, but we avoided relegation, we made Europe and the top six, we fought last season to be in Europe, we got to a semi final of a European competition.“If I was going  to blow my own trumpet then I would probably say, ‘Well look there has been three years that have been pretty good.’.“I came into a situation twice before when we were in a worse situation than we are now. “And the owners saw me as the right man for the job.“So I don’t think at any time they think I am not the right man for that job now.”A number of names have already been linked with his job, nonetheless, but Moyes has no concerns that some of those candidates will have been trying to press their case with the West Ham board already.“That is the way the game works and that may well be the case,” Moyes said. “It doesn’t worry me.”