Though Danny Reagan (played by Donnie Wahlberg) was making progress in the love department it could be a while before fans are provided with a highly anticipated update. CBS confirmed a brief delay as Blue Bloods was met with a major scheduling shake-up. Blue Bloods was a huge hit when it first premiered in 2010 as many fans were enthralled by the family of law enforcers. Led by the police commissioner Frank Reagen (Tom Selleck) his adult children followed his footsteps as they chose their careers. Sadly for fans, they won’t be seeing a new instalment of the Reagan family this week as CBS has pushed episode 11 further into the future. As the show has been consistent with episodes it’s likely fans will be disappointed to see the new episode, The Big League won’t air this week. READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive  Although the hiatus could be met with annoyance, fans can rest assured the delay will be short as Blue Bloods will return to screens the following week. As CBS confirmed, The Big Leagues will premiere Friday, February 3. Though bosses haven’t shared a reason for the hiatus, networks often take breaks within the season to keep the momentum going and viewers eager for new episodes. This ensures the show’s viewership figures and ratings continue to climb as any significant drop could result in the series being cancelled. As episode 12 won’t premiere this week, CBS hasn't released a synopsis for the upcoming episode. However, fans can expect to see the fallout of Danny’s date with detective Laura Acosta (Jessica Pimental). She was introduced in the previous episode after Sid Gormely (Robert Clohessy) asked Danny to ask Frank to help her get her full medical benefits. Acosta had been critically injured on the job when she filled in for Danny who took leave to grieve the death of his wife Linda (Amy Carlson). DON'T MISS...Lorraine Kelly baffled by odd background in Ghislaine Maxwell's cell [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods’ Abigail Hawk leaves co-star ‘crying’ with sweet tribute [INSIGHT]Blue Bloods season 13, episode 12 release date [INSIGHT] Since Linda’s tragic death in season seven, Danny closed himself off to any hopes of new romance. When questioned about her connection to Danny, Laura shared she was covering his shift when her leg was crushed and suspected he had always felt guilty. Frank came to realise it wasn’t feelings of guilt but instead he had genuine romantic feelings for Laura. While Danny insisted: “Laura was there for me when Linda died, that's all there was to it.” Blue Bloods season 13 returns to CBS on Friday, February 3. A UK release date is yet to be announced. 