Stefanos Tsitsipas has been told that he must turn to one of his biggest rivals in Daniil Medvedev to have a chance of beating Novak Djokovic in Sunday’s Australian Open final. It’s the second time the Greek star is facing the world No 5 in a Major final and Karen Khachanov believes that a phone call to Medvedev could reverse Tsitsipas’ fortunes after he lost to Djokovic when they played for the 2021 French Open title. Tsitsipas is bidding to win his maiden Grand Slam title and make his world No 1 debut as he faces nine-time Aussie Open champion Djokovic in the final. The 24-year-old has already suffered defeat to the Serb in a past Grand Slam final and Sunday’s match will be even more difficult given Djokovic’s record at Melbourne Park - never losing his nine previous finals. If he can pull off the upset, the Greek star would be just the fourth player born in the 1990s or 2000s to win a Major after Dominic Thiem, Daniil Medvedev and Carlos Alcaraz, and just the second from his cohort of “next gen” players after the Russian. Medvedev and Tsitsipas have had a frosty rivalry going back almost five years, but the 24-year-old’s semi-final opponent believes he could benefit from the Russian’s advice. “Obviously in a Grand Slam I think nobody from that generation didn't beat him, except Daniil I think in the US Open final,” Karen Khachanov said after losing to Tsitsipas in their semi-final match, allowing the third to go on and have a chance of facing Djokovic for the title and world No 1 ranking. JUST IN: Nadal may have played last ever Aus Open as Spaniard backed to retire   “Maybe Stefanos has to call to Daniil to ask him what he did that day,” he smiled, knowing the strained relationship between the two. “I don't know if that's going to happen, but you can advise him once he comes, yeah.” While Thiem and Alcaraz were also able to win Grand Slam titles they defeated Alexander Zverev and Casper Ruud in their respective finals, making Medvedev the only player born in the 90s and 00s to beat a member of the Big Three in a Major final. The current world No 8 eased past Djokovic in straight sets to win the 2021 US Open title when the Serb had won the first three Majors of the year and was playing for both the Calendar Grand Slam an what would have been a then-record 21st Slam title. Tsitsipas had faced Djokovic in the French Open final earlier that year and lost from two-sets up, but he will have a chance to reverse his fortune on Sunday. And the 24-year-old himself believes his game is the best it’s ever been heading into what will be just his second Grand Slam championship match. DON'T MISSAus Open allow Z T-shirt man back for Djokovic match after questioningAus Open finalist struggles for sponsorship deals as Raducanu rakes inNovak Djokovic makes Aus Open request to father after controversy “I'm playing great tennis. I'm enjoying myself. I just see no downside or negativity in what I'm trying to do out there. Even if it doesn't work, I'm very optimistic and positive about any outcome, any opponent that I have to face,” he explained. “This is something that has been sort of lacking in my game. I genuinely believe in what I'm able to produce. That is more than enough. I go about this way. I do this with a lot of - I strive for it every single day. It might not go the way I want it to, but I put 110 per cent out there.” 