The Channel 4 programme returned on Tuesday night and saw 45-year-old Kirsty being rushed to Queen’s Medical Centre in Nottingham after dislocating her ankle during a charity fun run. As the nurses and doctors rushed to Kirsty's aid, viewers struggled to watch after her ankle "was hanging on by a thread". Graphic warning: Some may find the images and details distressing As she lay on the hospital bed, Kirsty said: "I just need something to knock me out." ‘Kirsty, we’re going to move you and get you something strong for pain relief my darling," the nurse replied as they tried to comfort her. As they wheeled Kirsty to another room, the doctor rushed to her side to give her pain relief. "Kirsty, I am Anna one of the doctors," she said before adding: "I am going to be looking after you today. READ MORE: Camilla Tominey shuts down This Morning host in probe over Harry "I am giving you some drugs now. This medicine here is fantastic I promise you." However, things took a turn when the doctors and nurses tried to spin Kirsty on her side. "Kirsty, I need you to stay nice and still for us," the doctor warned. Although, it got a bit too much for Kirsty and she ended up lashing out at Anna, resulting in a punch to the face. "I don't know how we are going to do this, folks," another nurse said. Despite the setbacks, the doctors managed to save Kirsty's ankle after sending her in for emergency surgery. However, some viewers were left sickened by the graphic segment, with many taking to social media to share their thoughts. Graham Doherty wrote: "#24hoursinaande #CHANNEL4D omg just seen worse break ever nearly sick." DON'T MISS...Chicago PD boss rules out highly anticipated return for key star [INSIGHT]Emmerdale history to repeat itself as new serial killer 'exposed' [SPOILERS]Ruth Langsford admits 'it's been terrible' as she shares Eamonn update [VIDEO] "OMFG that ankle injury! #24hoursinaande," user @MRadclyffe wrote. (sic). While Chloe added: "#24hoursinaande the start of this episode, that injury is horrific an ankle hanging by a thread that poor woman." (sic) Steve tweeted: "Oh my day's Kirsty's p***ing ankle. That is the worse thing I've seen. #24hoursInAandE." "And she said she lost her trainer. No doubt as high as kite. I would have amputated from the neck down to get rid of that. B****y awful. Glad she's on the mend." (sic) Fiona went on to say: "I literally can't unsee that snapped ankle, its probably the worst thing I've ever seen! "I don't know if I'll sleep!! lol #24hoursinaande." "That ankle break is horrific! Poor woman," Cate commented. 24 Hours in A&E continues on Tuesday at 9pm on Channel 4.