Grand Admiral Thrawn is heavily rumoured to make an appearance in the upcoming Disney+ series Ahsoka, starring Rosario Dawson as the iconic Jedi Knight. The series will partially be a continuation of the popular animated show Star Wars Rebels, with the likes of Sabine Wren (played by Natasha Liu Bordizzo) and Ezra Bridger (Eman Esfandi) set to appear, but could Lars Mikkelsen also be returning as their most formidable adversary? Danish actor Lars spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk about the rumours of his return to the Star Wars universe. Unfortunately, his potential casting as a live-action Thrawn has remained a mystery, and the star is still unable to set the record straight. When asked about reprising the role, Lars could only laugh evasively as nothing has been confirmed just yet. “I am aware of that, yes,” he said of the ongoing fan campaign for his return. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz As for whether Lars is considering playing Thrawn again, he admitted: “Well, I haven’t had the offer. But, yes, sure.” Known for a range of iconic roles across animation and live-action, the Danish star is certainly open to returning to Star Wars. He has also become one of TV’s most reliable villains, having appeared in the likes of Sherlock, Devils and House of Cards in antagonistic roles. In Rebels, Thrawn is a high-ranking Imperial officer who menaces Ezra’s crew with his tactical cunning and legions of starships at his disposal. The character was previously rendered non-canon after Disney’s acquisition of LucasFilm, but was brought back for the animated series and several subsequent Star Wars novels. Thrawn is now considered one of the most iconic villains of the franchise despite never appearing in live-action, and is heavily rumoured to appear in at least one of the upcoming Disney+ shows. The cast of Ahsoka also includes Ray Stevenson as a “villainous admiral”, though it’s still unknown if he’ll be portraying Thrawn. In the run-up to Ahsoka, which will be released later this year, there are still plenty of Star Wars fans keeping their hopes up for Lars’ return. DON'T MISS:1000-lb Best Friends backlash as Meghan branded ‘horrible friend’ [REACTION]Abbott Elementary star’s body ‘crashed’ before Crohn’s diagnosis [INTERVIEW]NCIS season 20 dealt ratings blow with near-record low [LATEST] When rumours of Daniel Craig portraying the character hit Twitter, user @RexCapripes asked: “Wait, is Craig actually cast as Thrawn? “Why not actually use his voice actor from Rebels? Lars Mikkelsen is a phenomenal actor, and not just with his voice.” “In cases where the character design/writing is informed by the person voicing them, they should ABSOLUTELY be casting that person,” @GeneralTekno said. “It's why I'm really hoping Lars Mikkelsen is reprising Thrawn given they did the design with him in mind. And why I'm sad Jason Isaacs wasn't in Obi-Wan.” And @CanOfDietCoke12 tweeted: “If Lars Mikkelsen isn't playing live-action Thrawn there will be riots in the damn streets.” The cast of Ahsoka also includes Hayden Christensen reprising his role as Anakin Skywalker once again, as well as Ivanna Sakhno and Mary Elizabeth Winstead in undisclosed roles. Unfortunately, Star Wars fans may not find out if Lars has returned as Thrawn until they’re finally able to tune into the highly anticipated new series. Star Wars Rebels is available to stream on Disney+. Ahsoka will premiere in 2023.