Chris Eubank Jr's promotional team may decide to launch an appeal to the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) over an alleged elbow by Liam Smith during their fight at the OVO Arena last weekend. Smith produced a barn-storming performance to finish his rival after just four rounds of their long-awaited grudge match, wrapping things up with a devastating combination of punches that left Eubank Jr out on his feet. Smith's impressive victory was undoubtedly one of the biggest of his professional career but has been followed by claims on social media that he allegedly used an illegal elbow during one of the bout's final exchanges. Kalle Sauerland of Wasserman Boxing, the company that promotes Eubank Jr, has since revealed that he is considering an appeal to the BBBofC to investigate the situation."We are looking at it," Sauerland told Sky Sports when asked about a potential appeal. Eubank Jr's trainer, Roy Jones Jr, had also raised suggestions of an illegal elbow from Smith in the aftermath of the fight by writing on Instagram: "Avoid Roy Jones Jr as a trainer! Never mind this elbow…… Just avoid him - Damn, If I can take all that away from a fighter via training, no wonder I raised so much hell in my day!"Eubank Jr retains the option to invoke an immediate rematch with Smith via a clause inserted into the Brighton native's contract, although a decision is yet to be made on the possibility of another fight between the pair. JUST IN: Joshua dupes Whyte as rival speaks out on fury over failed promise Sauerland went on to explain that Eubank Jr and his team will be considering whether to activate their clause in the not-too-distant future, adding: "We obviously have that rematch clause, but we'll let the dust settle. We've got a few weeks to activate that. We'll take an internal discussion, see what the best way forward is for Jr and go from there."The build-up to Saturday's bout was bitter at times, with both fighters aiming personal digs at one another in press conferences and other media appearances leading up to the event in Manchester. Eubank Jr, who was stopped for the first time as a professional by Smith last weekend, previously hinted at the possibility of his opponent using an elbow in a pre-fight edition of The Gloves Are Off. He said: "I'm just saying, I like when I see guys doing the headbutting and the elbowing. Because that means that they're not true, and when the going gets tough they look for ways out, they look for ways that they're not supposed to use."Smith wasted no time in snapping back at Eubank Jr, with the Liverpudlian replying: "You're reading that all wrong. I'll do anything I can to beat you, anything. It's a fight, it is called a fight." Follow our new Express Sport page on Instagram here.