Asylum seeker Lawangeen Abdulrahimzai has been sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 29 years for the murder of 21-year-old Thomas Roberts after an argument outside a Subway takeaway in Bournemouth. The defendant was already on the run for murder charges in Serbia when he arrived in the UK but his past went undetected. Police were also reportedly warned of Abdulrahimzai carrying a knife seven times before he went on to stab Mr Roberts. On the ngiht of the attack Thomas's was acting as the "peacemaker" after his friend, got into an argument with Abdulrahimzai. His friend wanted to take an e-scooter Abdulrahimzai had claimed for himself and left propped against the window of the shop. The confrontation, which lasted only 24 seconds, saw Mr Roberts slap Abdulrahimzai in the face. The court heard that the defendant then revealed the knife, which he has hidden between two pairs of trousers. He stabber Thomas twice before running off into a nearby woodland, burying the knife and burning his trousers, jacker and Afghan flag he was wearing as a scarf.   Upon arrival in the UK, the fugative was placed into foster care despite being convicted in his absence of murdering two people with a Kalashnikov assault rifle in Serbia. He managed to supe officials into believeing he was 14, up to six years younger than his actual age. The Home Office said it will investigate the "red flags missed" and look at the full circumstances surrounding the case. The court previously heard that the killer had believed he was the younger age because that was what he had been told by an uncle while in Afghanistan. READ MORE: Police ordered to 'suspend recruitment across the country' A Home Office spokesman said it welcomed the sentencing in a "horrific case". They added: "Our deepest sympathies are with the family and friends of Thomas Roberts, whose life has been needlessly cut short. "Foreign national offenders who exploit our system and commit crimes here in the UK will face the full force of the law, including deportation at the earliest opportunity for those eligible. "The Government is committed to stopping abuse of the immigration system, taking decisive action against those who try to play the system."  Sentencing Abdulrahimzai, Judge Paul Dugdale told the defendant: "I sentence on the basis that Mr Abdulrahimzai was at all times the aggressor that night and by his behaviour created a situation that led to Thomas Roberts' death. "Over and above that, he was looking for trouble."  Turning to Abdulrahimzai, the judge continued: "You started the conflict, and throughout you were the threatening aggressor. "In seconds you took the life of a thoroughly decent man with a bright future who was loved greatly by so many people. "Your momentary act of extreme, senseless violence has left a family with a tragic loss that they will feel for the rest of their lives." 