Also known as non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, fatty liver disease refers to a variety of conditions caused by a build-up of fat in the liver. Early stage fatty liver disease often doesn’t show symptoms and can be harmless. However, if it is allowed to develop it can be potentially fatal. This is because if left untreated it can reach the most severe stage, known as cirrhosis. Cirrhosis is permanent and occurs after years of inflammation. The liver becomes scarred, lumpy and shrivelled. Ultimately it can lead to liver failure and liver cancer - both of which can result in death.  READ MORE: Jack Lemmon died from a disease that people have 'very limited' awareness of - signs NHS Inform explains: “Cirrhosis is scarring of the liver caused by continuous, long-term liver damage. “Scar tissue replaces healthy tissue in the liver and prevents the liver from working properly. “The damage caused by cirrhosis can't be reversed and can eventually become so extensive that your liver stops functioning. This is called liver failure. “Each year in the UK, around 4,000 people die from cirrhosis and 700 people with the condition need a liver transplant to survive.”   Initially cirrhosis might not trigger symptoms. “There are usually few symptoms during the early stages of cirrhosis,” NHS Inform says. “Noticeable problems tend to develop as the liver becomes more damaged. “In early stage cirrhosis, the liver is able to function properly despite being damaged.  READ MORE: The 12 risk factors for dementia - charity launches survey to determine your likelihood “As the condition progresses, symptoms tend to develop when functions of the liver are affected.” One such symptom is having “tiny red lines,” which are blood capillaries, appearing on the skin above waist level. Other symptoms of cirrhosis include: If cirrhosis progresses you might also notice blood in your vomit or poo.  This is due to the fact that blood is unable to flow through the liver properly, causing an increase in pressure on a vein carrying blood from the gut to the liver. There are a number of potential causes of fatty liver disease, including eating too much fatty food and being overweight. To lower your risk the NHS advises: Although fatty liver disease is not caused by alcohol, cutting back on drinking is also recommended. 