Best known for Saturday Kitchen and his home-style show, James Martin's Saturday Morning, the TV chef is no stranger to enjoying a taste of his own freshly cooked meals with guests. Even after his impressive weight loss during the coronavirus pandemic, the 50-year-old has managed to maintain his trim figure while leading a relaxed lifestyle. He recently revealed that he still tucks into sweet treats and enjoys a Friday night tipple as part of a balanced diet.  Celebrity chef James Martin famously dropped three stone by cutting out fizzy drinks from his diet just a few years ago and has mastered the art of maintaining a balanced lifestyle since to keep the weight off. While his original weight loss venture back in 2005 saw him drop a staggering five stone by following a strict diet and exercise routine, James has continued to have a more active lifestyle so he can still enjoy his homemade luxuries. In a recent post on his Instagram page, the popular cookbook author shared a sweet rhubarb tart he had made as part of a new recipe, noting that it went down particularly well with his colleagues. He wrote: "New season rhubarb and ginger custard tart. Made… and all gone in five minutes with the crew!!" READ MORE: James Martin and guest clash over ‘north-south divide’ Another short video posted in his profile showed an indulgent doughnut tarte tatin and a large dollop of clotted cream on the table, captioned with the words: "Testing, testing!" While the chef is known for using full-fat ingredients like butter and milk in his recipes, it seems that everything in moderation is the solution to maintaining a trim figure like his. It's not just his own home cooking that James enjoys as a treat to supplement his healthier way of life. The Yorkshire-born chef also still enjoys a Friday night drink to welcome the weekend before his Saturday morning show airs. Earlier in January he posted a one-off video ahead of the programme with a lager in hand. He said: "Hi there everybody, and cheers! Happy Friday night. DON'T MISS:James Martin in tears after 'TV dad’ gives emotional health update [INSIGHT]Kate Middleton's car collection ‘reflects’ her personality [ROYAL]James Martin opens up on not having kids because of his career [LATEST] "I don't normally post stuff like this the night before a show but I just wanted to send you a message to say that we've got a very special appearance from a very special chap tomorrow." Wearing a flat cap, striped shirt and blazer-style jacket, James attracted a host of flattering comments from his followers. On the Instagram post, one user named Tracy Tyson wrote: "Marry Me", while another noted that the chef was "looking good in the cap". The adoration from his fan base continued in a more recent photograph of James posing for his new American Adventure book which features a Valentine's day message. READ MORE: 'Healthy' recipe for 'flaky' and 'tender' air fryer salmon burgers Stood against a wall in a shirt and dark wash jeans while holding a white cowboy hat, James showed off his trimmed-down silhouette - and it didn't go unnoticed. One social media user who goes by the name @susan_maycock commented "looking good James", and another named @jenfinc added: "Great picture of you!" Another one of James's fans (@stevedxdubai2) even went as far as saying that he is the "sexiest chef on the planet". When it comes to keeping active outside of his cooking endeavours, James is known to enjoy life in the countryside that surrounds his Hampshire home. As well as walking his dog Cooper every day, the cook makes sure to avoid fizzy drinks and instead consumes at least two litres per 24 hours. Not only does this stop him from snacking but also means he's not consuming any "empty calories" that he pointed out were rife in soft drinks when speaking to the Loose Women panel last year. While the chef makes it look effortless to maintain his trim waistline, James had previously revealed that it can be difficult for him to keep his weight consistent. Back in 2005 when he appeared on Strictly Come Dancing, the TV chef was candid about his unexpected and rapid weight loss, though he has since admitted that it takes a little more effort to continue to stay fit and healthy since turning 50.