Liverpool reportedly moved quickly to sign Cody Gakpo out of fear for PSV's other two 'saleable assets' being sold first and preventing them from potentially signing the attacker later this month. In turn, the Dutch side could possibly look to hold onto both Ibrahim Sangare and Noni Madueke which may come as bad news for West Ham and Aston Villa respectively. The Reds took everyone by surprise on Boxing Day when it was announced an agreement had been struck with PSV for the signing of Gakpo. Injuries to both Luis Diaz and Diogo Jota had left Jurgen Klopp short of options in attack, albeit on a short-term basis. Whether Liverpool were planning on bringing in a new attacker to help with the mini-injury crisis was initially unclear. But all was revealed after Christmas as they made their move for Gakpo in a £44million deal. The Dutchman had been expected to join Manchester United this month - which the forward had even admitted himself. However, United were caught off guard by the speed of Liverpool's move for Gakpo with the attacker now set to make his debut for Klopp's side this weekend.  According to Goal, Liverpool's decision to move early in the window stems partly from some concern that PSV wouldn't be so keen to let him go if one or both of Sangare and Madueke had already been sold. Sangare is a reported target for the Hammers as David Moyes looks to bolster his midfield options while Madueke has attracted interest from Villa among other clubs. Now with Gakpo departing PSV first, the Eredivisie side may well be re-evaluating their own January transfer plans. While Gakpo's move to Liverpool doesn't necessarily affect Sangare's position in the PSV team in central midfield, it does drastically weaken Ruud van Nistelrooy's squad.  The 25-year-old has been a regular for PSV this season as one of only a few defensive midfielders in their squad. Madueke may also be set for more minutes following Gakpo's departure with the Englishman capable of playing on both wings. The report mainly points out that if PSV had sold both Madueke and Sangare before Gakpo that it would have potentially scuppered Liverpool's chances of signing the Dutchman. But now Gakpo has departed, Van Nistelrooy may want to shut up shop and look to keep the remainder of his squad intact as they continue to fight for the Eredivisie title. PSV are currently three points adrift of Feyenoord at the top of the table with the season getting back up and running this weekend.