  Dame Laura Kenny, 30, has shared how meeting Prince William to receive her damehood had been "one of the best days of her life" despite experiencing the "worst year of her life" in 2022. The Olympic athlete, who tragically suffered through a harrowing ectopic pregnancy last year, revealed the royal addressed her ordeal and provided words of comfort in an exclusive interview with Express.co.uk.      Speaking in a wider interview about eating healthy with the #TwoBeforeTenChallenge from the Dried Fruit Alliance, Dame Laura described how “brilliant” it had been to meet the Prince of Wales. “Honestly, I would say it was just one of the best days of my life. Just the whole experience from start to finish,” she revealed. When the time came to step forward and receive her honour from the royal, she remembered how considerate he had been about the tough year her family had endured. “He was actually brilliant,” the Olympic cyclist recalled fondly. “It hadn’t been long - it had maybe been two weeks since I’d said about having the ectopic (pregnancy) and the miscarriage.” READ MORE: Gino D'Acampo says wife 'knew he would break the cage' in marriage     “And he just said, ‘Oh, I’m so sorry to hear what you and your family have been through.’ “And then he also said he would see us again at the Commonwealth Games,” she added. “Just the fact that he’d even brought up what had gone on with our family just felt so personal. “I just thought, ‘I’m so happy.’ Because then it also gave me an opportunity to say, ‘Thanks for caring!’      “Because obviously it’s a difficult subject, but I was just glad and, I guess, happy that he had brought it up. Dame Laura also spoke about how she was thrilled to find that she and husband Jason Kenny had a “much more private ceremony than usual” when receiving their respective damehood and knighthood. “When we've been before, you all go into a room and then you basically go through one at a time and you go and get your award,” the athlete explained. “But then everyone watches it so everyone's family members are all in the same room, so once you’ve got yours you go and sit with them, which means you basically end up in a room of about 300 people.” READ MORE... Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home [NEWS] Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [INSIGHT] 'Goddess' Amanda Holden's hottest bikini pics unveiled [PICTURES]     “Whereas this time, because they were still having the COVID protocols, you literally just went into the room,” the sportstar revealed. “When (Prince William) did ours, our family were actually in there next to him - so obviously, Will’s here and then our family members were standing just to the right-hand side. “It just felt so personal,” Dame Laura continued. “They’d even thought about the fact that Jason and I were getting awards one after another and about leaving me in the room. “So I was able to then go and stand with my family and Jason's family while Jason went and got his knighthood. It was so special.”     Crediting the “great” friends who helped her with her hair and makeup, the sports legend went on to admit that the event felt similar to “her wedding day”. Referring to her hair and makeup, Dame Laura said: “Sometimes, you know, they'll do it and I'm like, ‘Yeah, it's fine.’ And I’m not really that bothered because I can’t be bothered to do it myself anyways. “I'll never feel 100%,” she continued. “But I would say the way they made me feel - and how special I felt on that day - was the same as our wedding day. “Just the fact that it was another massive experience that we got to share with all our family. “Honestly. I loved it,” she concluded. It couldn't have been better and the weather was absolutely beautiful as well.” Dame Laura Kenny is taking part in the #TwoBeforeTenChallenge to raise awareness of the health benefits of dried fruit. 95% of us are not getting our five a day, the research also shows that if you start the day the right way – with a breakfast containing two of your five a day – then you are statistically more likely to hit your recommended daily intake. For more information on the campaign head to the @EatMoreDriedFruit Instagram page.    