In 2020, ABC confirmed Erin Andrews would not be returning to Dancing with the Stars for season 29. Since her unexpected departure, Erin has opened up about her current relationship with her former co-host Tom Bergeron.  Erin worked alongside Tom throughout her tenure on the acclaimed competition series. From 2014 and 2019, the pair became household names as millions tuned in to ABC to see celebrities take to the dance floor and compete against one another. However, in September 2020, Erin and Tom’s time with the series was cut short as ABC revealed the former supermodel, Tyra Banks, would replace them as hosts. Erin recently shared an update on her friendship with Tom and confessed she “owes him a text.” READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row     As she expressed there were no hard feelings with the show, Erin revealed she had been in recent contact with the professional dancers. The 44-year-old shared: “I have texted Maks [Chmerkovskiy] a little bit here and there. “Obviously with everything happening in Ukraine, I had reached out to him. “I had reached out to Val [Chmerkovskiy]. Val just had a baby [with Jenna Johnson], so I texted him the other day that I loved him and congrats and things like that.”   Although they’re no longer co-workers, Erin detailed: “It’s little things like that where I’ll DM the dancers or they’ll reach out as well.” Speaking about Tom, she told US Weekly it had been a while since they last spoke: “Actually, I owe him a text message. “So, Tom, if you see this, I owe you a text message and I promise once Super Bowl is over, I will reach out,” Erin joked.  DON'T MISS...Meghan Markle 'converted' Prince Harry to 'new religion of woke' [REACTION]Dancing With the Stars' Jenna Johnson and Val Chmerkovskiy welcome son [INSIGHT]Strictly’s Shirley Ballas hails 'priceless family time' with ex Corky [INSIGHT]  Following her departure from Dancing with the Stars, new career opportunities have opened up for Erin as she has returned back to the screens as an NFL reporter. She revealed the role has kept her busy as she has not had a chance to tune into the show since her exit. Erin explained: “I give my best to them. My schedule has been so crazy with [football commentating], the clothing line, the podcasts … trying to have a baby, that I think it was the best thing for me”. “They wanted to go a different direction, and they’re doing that now. So, hopefully, they’re happy”.   At the time, ABC’s decision to fire Erin and Tom sparked major backlash from viewers who took to social media with fury at the network’s decision. However, showrunner Andrew Llinares defended the choice as she stated: “It’s about evolution,” “When a show has been on for this many seasons, it’s very easy to stay in a place where there’s nothing wrong, but actually does the show feel fresh, exciting and new? It’s tough. "I've worked on many shows of this type and we’ve always been at our most successful when we continue to move things on,” Andrew added to Deadline.