Manchester United star Marcus Rashford replied emphatically to Paul Scholes’ claim that the attacker’s misdemeanour could see his excellent Premier League form falter. Rashford was left out of the Red Devils’ starting XI for their trip to Wolves by Erik ten Hag over a disciplinary breach. The 25-year-old came off the bench to score the winner in the 1-0 triumph at Molineux. He revealed afterwards that he had overslept and missed an important team meeting in the build-up to the game. BT Sport pundit Scholes had ripped into Rashford after Ten Hag put down the in-form forward’s absence down to “internal disciplinary” matters. The former midfielder suggested Rashford risked ruining his excellent form with a “stupid” error. Scholes said: "He’s jeopardising his own form a little bit by being stupid or whatever he’s done wrong and the manager has seen it to take him out the team. Transfer news LIVE - Arsenal 'to hijack' Chelsea deal, Mudryk warning "But when he is on form, he’s looked so happy and if you look over the last 18 months, he’s looked miserable and hasn’t performed, could this jeopardise him going forward? He looks a bit miserable there [warming up] because he’s not playing but I hope it doesn’t jeopardise the next six months of the season.” At that point, it was unclear what Rashford had done to face the wrath of Ten Hag. but the England international responded perfectly by scoring a fantastic solo goal in the second half, proving to Scholes that his disciplinary issue was not going to get in the way of his scoring run. While Ten Hag would not provide detail on the issue, Rashford elaborated in his post-match interview. The academy graduate, whose goal was his 11th of the season, revealed that he had overslept and was late for a meeting, adding that he wished to draw a line under the problem. DON'T MISS...Man Utd boss Ten Hag’s four best players are clear after Wolves winMan Utd's XI if Liverpool and Dortmund didn't hijack their transfersMarcus Rashford giggles as Man Utd star explains Wolves axing "Obviously it's team rules. I made a mistake. That can happen. I'm obviously disappointed not to play but I understand the decision and I'm happy we managed to win anyway,” Rashford told BT Sport. "We draw a line under it and move on. I was a little bit late for a meeting. I overslept but it can happen." Rashford has been in excellent form this season, a marked improvement from his displays under Ralf Rangnick last season. He has 11 goals across all competitions, including six in the Premier League, and struck three times at the World Cup.