Manchester United loanee Eric Bailly hospitalised his opponent with a horror tackle in Marseille’s Coupe de France win over Hyeres. The defender was sent off for his kung-fu kick into the chest of his opponent. It was a challenge that earned him not only a deserved red card, but also a place among football’s worst-ever tackles. Express Sport looks at five more. Martin Taylor on Eduardo, 2008 Eduardo had enjoyed a successful start to life at Arsenal after joining in the summer of 2007. Signed from Dinamo Zagreb, the Croatian attacker scored 12 goals in his debut campaign before disaster struck in an infamous Premier League clash with Birmingham in February. Blues defender Martin Taylor’s shin-high sliding tackle left Eduardo with irreparable ankle damage. Arsenal were five points clear at the top of the Premier League at this stage, but a 2-2 draw with Birmingham saw them crumble and they eventually finished third. Eduardo - then just two days away from his 25th birthday - did make a playing return following his injury but was never the same player. He departed Arsenal for Shakhtar Donetsk in 2010, having scored just eight more goals in the remaining two years of his stay. Taylor - who was sent off for the tackle - did visit Eduardo in hospital and received death threats following the incident. Aged 28 at the time, the centre-back retired in 2014. READ MORE: Eric Bailly channels inner Nigel de Jong and hospitalises opponent Paul Gascoigne on Garry Parker and Gary Charles, 1991 It was the moment that changed England icon Paul Gascoigne’s career. Early in the 1991 FA Cup final, the midfielder produced a chest-high tackle on Garry Parker that is widely regarded as one of the worst tackles in the competition. Incredibly, Gascoigne remained on the pitch and just a few minutes later lunged in on attacker Gary Charles, coming off far worse than the Nottingham Forest man. Knee ligament damage ruled him out for a long time, and he joined Lazio without playing another game for the north Londoners. Former Spurs team-mates have often recalled that Gascoigne was far too psyched up for the clash, which Spurs won 2-1. He later wrote in his autobiography: “I was a bit revved up, even before I got on the pitch.” DON'T MISS...Ex-Arsenal star Lukas Podolski sent off in charity matchLeeds 'submit £22m bid' for World Cup star Ounahi after agent switchKieran Trippier was ignored by Newcastle stars on nightmare debut Nigel de Jong on Xabi Alonso, 2010 Why English referee Howard Webb decided not to send off former Manchester City midfielder Nigel de Jong in the 2010 World Cup final remains a mystery. Xabi Alonso was fortunate not to be seriously injured, let alone play on, when De Jong flew studs-first into the Liverpool icon’s midriff. De Jong said last year: "I was lucky to still be on the pitch after a foul on Xabi Alonso. I often think about how much that would have affected me, if I'd have had to leave the pitch so early in the game. I'd always have to carry that with me for the rest of my career.” Roy Keane on Alf Inge Haaland, 2001 Manchester United legend Roy Keane sought revenge on Alf Inge Haaland - father of Erling - in a 2001 Manchester derby clash. Keane had been infuriated by Haaland laughing at an injury of his own several years earlier. The midfielder launched into a high tackle and trudged off without even looking to check that the referee had produced a red card. Keane later admitted to telling his stricken victim: "Don’t ever stand over me again sneering about fake injuries. And tell your pal [former Leeds man David] Wetherall there’s some for him as well." The myth that Keane ended Haaland’s career persists. However, he actually finished the game in question and played for Norway four days later. He said following his retirement two years later: "The knee still hurts, that isn’t going to go away. I have to accept that. "Did that tackle end my career? Well, I never played a full game again, did I? It seems like a great coincidence, don’t you think?" Harald Schumacher on Patrick Battiston, 1982 France star Patrick Battiston was fortunate to be alive after Harald Schumacher’s awful assault at the 1982 World Cup. Schumacher, Germany’s goalkeeper, came racing out of his goal, was lobbed by Battiston, and had ample time to slow down before colliding with his opponent. But instead, Schumacher leapt into the air, twisted his body and ploughed his hip into the Frenchman's face at high speed. Battiston was left unconscious, had three teeth knocked out and has not fully recovered over 40 years on. To make the incident all the more horrifying, the tackle was so late that everyone had followed the ball and referee Charles Corver simply pointed for a goal kick.