Thomas Tuchel admitted that he used to love Tottenham when he was a child after pretending to be the club as he played with his friends. The German is reportedly under consideration to become the next Spurs’ manager with Antonio Conte increasingly likely to leave at the end of the season when his contract expires. Tuchel has been out of work since he was sacked by Chelsea in September last year and has reportedly turned down at least two Premier League jobs in the months since. However, the Tottenham vacancy could be one that takes his fancy should Conte depart in the summer. The Spurs board are becoming reluctant to activate their option for a 12-month extension given the team’s recent on-field struggles according to the Daily Mail. The Lilywhites have won just three of their last nine games in the Premier League in an alarming slump of form which has seen the club fall out of the Champions League places. There is also an understanding between both parties from both parties that an extension would not be beneficial if their visions are not aligned. Conte has a reputation for winning trophies and will not hang around if he does not feel he can do that in north London. As such, speculation has started to turn to who could replace him with Tuchel among the names said to be under consideration. When asked last season whether he would consider taking on the job at Spurs one day, he simply laughed before replying: "I have enough to do here (at Chelsea)." However, the German has already given his view on Spurs, suggesting he used to emulate their stars while playing football as a child because he liked the name so much. The comments came after his Borussia Dortmund team knocked out the Lilywhites in the Europa League in 2016 while he also praised the club staff for making him feel so welcome. “I just have something to say because as a little kid in my garden when I played I was always a team from the Bundesliga, of course, but there was one game I played with my friends when I was Tottenham Hotspur because I liked the name so much,” he explained. “I had not a picture, I did not even know that they play in London and so on. For me to play them in two legs was very special and when what I didn't know as a kid, what I felt today and yesterday, so many friendly people here in around the club. "The coaching staff, first of all, from the opponent, team and all staff around down in the stadium in front of the dressing rooms at the benches and so on was unbelievable. Such great support, such a good atmosphere and so many friendly people made us feel very, very welcome.” It remains to be seen if Tuchel’s stint at Chelsea has changed his view on the north London side. If it has not, he could well be in the Tottenham dugout for the first game of next season.