Dr Adrian Boyle, president of the Royal College of Emergency Medicine, said that December’s A&E and ambulance waiting times would likely be “the worst ever”. He added: “We think that somewhere between 300-500 people are dying as a consequence of delays and problems with urgent and emergency care each week. We need to actually get a grip of this.” High numbers of admissions for flu and rising Covid cases have added to pressure on overwhelmed services this winter. And more than a dozen NHS trusts and ambulance services declared critical incidents over the festive period as hospitals struggled to cope. In November, almost 38,000 patients waited more than 12 hours in A&E for a decision to be admitted to a hospital department, according to figures from NHS England. This was an increase of almost 355 per cent compared with the previous November when less than 11,000 waited that long. The issue has been compounded by a bed-blocking crisis. Elderly and infirm patients do not have social care to turn so thousands of patients are languishing for hours in A&E departments until a bed becomes available. Health chiefs have been urged to declare a national major incident to rescue collapsing services. Dr Boyle said it was time to “get a grip” to prevent patients suffering “unsafe and undignified” care. Dr Boyle added: “We went into this December with the worst-ever ­performance against our target and the highest-ever occupancy levels in hospital. “We don’t know about the ­waiting time figures because they don’t come out for a couple of weeks. I’d be amazed if they’re not the worst we’ve seen over this December.” Dr Boyle said graphs were “all going the wrong way”. He told Times Radio: “We cannot just shrug our shoulders and say, ‘This winter was terrible, let’s do nothing until next winter’. “We need to increase our capacity within our hospitals, we need to make sure that there are alternative ways so that people aren’t all just funnelled into the ambulance service and emergency department. “We cannot continue like this – it is unsafe and it is undignified.” Last week, one in five ambulance patients in England waited more than an hour to be handed over to A&E teams. NHS trusts have a target of 95 per cent of ambulance handovers to be completed within 30 minutes – and 100 per cent within an hour. Recent reports of appalling episodes include an unnamed patient taken to Swindon’s Great Western Hospital by paramedics last week and left on a trolley for 99 hours while staff tried to find a bed. Meanwhile, dad Tom Hook shared a photo of his three-year-old daughter sleeping on chairs after waiting hours to be seen at the children’s A&E department of John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. He wrote on social media: “Exhausted, dehydrated and fighting multiple illnesses, this is the best the NHS could do, five hours after arriving at A&E and 22 hours after we phoned for help.” Dr Tim Cooksley, president of the Society for Acute Medicine (SAM), called on ministers to declare a national major incident –as happened during the pandemic. The move would trigger a coordinated response from all four UK nations to allocate resources to help meet demand for care. He said: “The current situation in urgent and emergency care is shocking. It is in a critical state for patients and it is extremely difficult for healthcare staff who are unable to deliver the care they want to. “Political leaders across the UK need to listen, meet urgently and accept the need to declare a national NHS major incident.” Other alarming incidents include paramedics being pictured treating people at the entrance of A&E at Aintree University Hospital. Patients were also seen lying on the floor. And at Royal Stoke University Hospital, ambulances were queuing outside. Dr Cooksley said NHS services across primary care, social care, mental health and ambulances need more investment. He added: “There must be a seven-day range of options to which NHS 111 and ­primary care can direct patients and hospitals must urgently expand same-day emergency care, delivered by acute medical teams, for patients referred from primary care and 111.” Dr Cooksley also called for diagnostic services to be available seven days a week and an expansion of community care so patients can be discharged quickly. He said: “This is a time of crisis and there are fears this will worsen further over the coming months. “So leaders must prioritise those improvements we can make now that will help us to navigate this turbulent period.” Rising hospital admissions for flu are adding to the strain. There were on average 3,746 patients with influenza on wards last week, up from 530 a month earlier. Dr Boyle said it was “absolutely never too late” to get vaccinated and urged those eligible to do so to reduce pressure on hospitals. A bigger flu outbreak was expected as immunity dropped after two seasons of very few cases due to Covid restrictions. Staff sickness is exacerbating workforce shortages and patients with flu and Covid have to be treated on separate wards. Dr Boyle added: “The infectious disease outbreak is extremely ­disruptive. This is shaping up to be a pretty awful flu season.” Saffron Cordery, interim chief executive of NHS Providers, warned that pressure on the NHS was now “equivalent” to that of the early stage of the Covid crisis. She explained that during the pandemic the pressure was exerted by tens of thousands of patients having a contagious disease doctors did not know how to treat. Ms Cordery added: “We’ve still got that coming through the door but then we’ve also got the legacy of Covid – a worn-out workforce. We’ve got even higher levels of staff shortages and vacancies. We’re up to 133,000 across the NHS now. And we’ve got the imperative to make gains on the waiting list.” Ms Cordery said more people were being treated than ever before, but a fully costed and funded workforce plan was needed to end the staff shortages. She added: “If I did have a silver bullet that might solve a significant chunk of this, it would be the investment across local government as well as the NHS and social care, in public health and in ­prevention, because it’s the denudation of those services which has had a massive impact on the NHS.” A Department of Health and Social Care spokesman said: “We recognise the pressures the NHS is facing after the impact of the pandemic and are working tirelessly to ensure people get the care they need, backed by up to £14.1 billion additional funding for health and social care over the next two years. “This winter, the Government has provided an extra £500million to speed up hospital discharge and free up beds. “And the NHS is creating the equivalent of at least 7,000 more beds to help reduce A&E waits and get ambulances back on the road. “We’re supporting and growing the workforce through training and recruitment campaigns at home and abroad, and there are record numbers of staff working for the NHS, including 9,300 more nurses and almost 4,000 more doctors compared to September 2021.”