Millions of viewers have been gripped to Happy Valley since it returned to BBC One for series three after a six-year hiatus. The stellar cast, including Sarah Lancashire, Siobhan Finneran and James Norton, are all still part of the gritty crime drama which is set to reach a conclusion at the end of episode six. James, who portrays murdering rapist Tommy Lee Royce, opened up about the latest series on The One Show, but his appearance left viewers distracted.  James, 37, was interviewed by Jermaine Jenas and Alex Jones on Wednesday's instalment of The One Show. While he was not able to give too much away about episode four of Happy Valley, which airs on Sunday night, he was able to open up about playing such a fearsome and troubled character. He told the hosts: "I mean, I kind of love it. For a long time, I felt like I should say how kind of troubling and how much it cost me to play. But the truth is, it’s really fun." The actor added: "Obviously the really despicable stuff and the violence is complicated. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update "But the feeling of wandering around in that boiler suit and people giving you a wide berth, that doesn’t happen to me in real life, you’d be surprised to hear. "So it’s incredibly empowering and I kind of love it." Tommy has been in prison for several years and in the current series his son Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) starts visiting him. Ryan is still unaware his mother Becky Cawood was raped by Tommy and took her own life when he was six weeks old.  The youngster has been raised by his police sergeant grandmother Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire) who was left heartbroken when she discovered her sister Clare Cawood (Siobhan Finneran) had been dropping Ryan off to visit his father in jail. Tommy actor Ryan was not able to share which direction the series, written by Sally Wainwright, would take viewers on, but The One Show was able to show a short clip of his character getting a haircut in prison. James shared: "What was amazing about that scene is that we basically let the cameras roll, and I just got a haircut. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley character most likely to be killed off next exposed [THEORY]Here's a look at Catherine Cawood's daughter Becky in Happy Valley [MUST SEE]Happy Valley’s James Norton on weird but 'magical' moment for Tommy [INTERVIEW] "Usually, you have cuts, you know, minutes or two, three minutes here and there, but that (the haircut scene) was like a 40-minute shot." As he was speaking, many viewers took to Twitter to comment on his outfit, with Paula penning: "Is James Norton wearing the longest men’s socks ever? #TheOneShow." Robert replied: "I’m wondering if they are tights?" Lynsey shared: "What is James Norton wearing? #TheOneShow. Possibly long sheer socks, is this a thing?"  Ryan asked: "Is he wearing pop socks?" Meanwhile, @Sockdaft noted: "He looks great in sheer socks." James was wearing a bright blue woolly jumper, beige trousers, black trainers as well as some long black socks or tights. Happy Valley continues on Sunday on BBC One at 9pm. 