Nick Kyrgios looks set to take his love of basketball a step further as the world No 21 is reportedly in “advanced talks” to join a group of NBA stars in taking over Australian team the South East Melbourne Phoenix. The 27-year-old is a huge fan of the Boston Celtics and previously admitted their results would even affect his own matches. Kyrgios appears to be exploring avenues away from the tennis court, as the seven-time title winner is part of negotiations to take over NBL team South East Melbourne Phoenix as part of an ownership group alongside a series of current and retired NBA players which include LA Clippers star John Wall. “Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios is in advanced talks to join the @SEMelbPhoenix as a co-owner in Australia's @NBL,” basketball insider Mark Stein tweeted on Wednesday. “Kyrgios would join a Romie Chaudhari-led ownership group that includes John Wall, Zach Randolph, Al Harrington, Josh Childress and Dante Exum.” And according to Fox Sports, it is thought that the deal will be officially announced following Kyrgios’ next practice session at the Australian Open on Thursday. The world No 21 has previously shared his love of basketball, often donning a Celtics jersey in training sessions, and took part in the Sydney Kings’ Starlight Celebrity game last year. JUST IN: Raducanu 'looking better' as Brit still a doubt for Australian Open   He joined a side captained by radio host Ben Fordham, taking on a squad led by New South Wales Premier Dominic Perrottet and made waves in the celebrity game, showing off his defensive skills when he blocked a shot from basketball pro Perrottet. Kyrgios has also confessed to having his performance affected by NBA results, joking that he was a tougher opponent when the season was over. “I've literally thrown tennis matches if they've lost in like, double overtime,” Kyrgios said during Wimbledon last year, referring to the Boston Celtics. “If someone plays me and they know the Celtics have lost, that's your chance. That is for sure your chance, to play me on that day.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic told Australian Open hecklers will be 'kicked out'Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal told GOAT debate 'won't be settled'Djokovic raises Aus Open injury concerns as Serb abandons practice Speaking before he faced Stefanos Tsitsipas in the third round and eventually won, going on to reach the final, he added: “Unlucky for Stef, the [NBA] season is over. I literally watch like live streams, everything. I barely miss a game and if they lose I am in a pretty bad mood. “Basketball is my meditation but at the same time, it's good fitness as well. People don't realise that defensive slides and defensive movements of basketball are almost identical to the way people move on a tennis court.” 