Angel Strawbridge, whose series Escape To The Chateau has now concluded its final series, had felt she was living in paradise after moving from a cramped two-bedroom apartment in Essex to a sprawling lakeside chateau with its own moat. However, she has now admitted that there were struggles behind the scenes. Angel admitted that the huge 45-bedroom estate has its fair share of issues - including how "dirty" it can get. If renovating their huge home was exhausting enough, readers can imagine the struggles they have experienced in keeping it clean. Perhaps surprisingly, the 44-year-old has admitted that she and husband Dick muck in themselves to keep it sparkling and fresh. "Every Friday, we all have a good clean and before every wedding or event all the windows get cleaned [too], but that can take a couple of days," she shared. READ NOW: Denise Welch named ‘abusive bully’ by Piers Morgan's son in Meghan row Meanwhile, she admitted the animals and birds can also present a problem. She told Ideal Home: "[I hate doing] anything in the dark - like putting the chickens and geese to bed in the winter!" Their home was far from glamorous when they first moved in too, with the electricity and heating both off-limits at the start. Dick, 63, has chuckled that plumbing tasks are less than "sexy", but the former British Army Colonel, who has also been an engineer in the past, got his teeth into the challenge. However, their TV show - which wrapped up in December 2022 after a final emotional episode - has opened a door onto the showbiz circuit. The pair have two children - Arthur, who turns ten this month, and Dorothy, who is eight - and part of the reason they ended their show was to give the family more privacy. "Does it feel right to do another series?" she quizzed in an interview with the Guardian, adding: "It’s our family life." She added jokingly: "We [also] wanted to go out on a high, rather than someone asking us to stop!" DON'T MISS... Johnny Depp ‘totally devastated’ after friend Jeff Beck suddenly dies [TRIBUTE] Prince Harry fails to mention 15 celebrity pals in Spare snub [LATEST] Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safari [PHOTOS]  In the same interview, Angel shared the moment the pair first decided to leave behind their predictable life and find their own fairytale chateau. She and Dick had been on a romantic break to Carcassonne in Southwest France, which has an imposing chateau as its main tourist attraction, when she was inspired to look for her own. Angel logged onto the internet and got a little carried away. "I started searching in the lower price brackets, then a couple higher, and by the end of the evening I was looking at £6m chateau!" she exclaimed. "I think that’s when I said, ‘Let’s reach for the stars and see what we get.'" Dick's favourite Chinese proverb to describe the situation they found themselves in is: "A journey of 1,000 miles begins with a single step." That step took them to a chateau which is now well-known the world over, in the idyllic market town of Martigné-sur-Mayenne. Meanwhile, despite the much-loved TV show ending, this isn't the last fans will see of Angel and Dick. The pair, who have 446,000 Instagram followers, will also be starring in their own spin-off show with a travel theme, Escape To The Chateau: Secret France.