Britons who pay council tax in 10 instalments can look forward to a break from paying in February and March. These are typically the two months of the year when people don't pay the tax and could be welcome news to those struggling to meet the cost of living.  That said, it will depend on which kind of payment plan people are on as to whether they get it or not. Some people choose to pay their council tax in 10 instalments, while others spread the cost by paying over 11 or 12 months. Those who do pay in 10 instalments will be due a break in February and March but will have to pay it this month. Britons may want to check their bill to find out whether they could be entitled to a two-month council tax break. READ MORE: The 15 groups of people who could get free NHS prescriptions in 2023 Not everyone has to pay the full council tax amount - households with a single adult are entitled to claim a 25 percent discount. Almost half a million people (400,000) are thought to be paying too much council tax because they’re in the wrong band. Government statistics show nearly a third (29 percent) of people who complained because they were in the wrong council tax band between 2021 to 2022 were successful. It's something that MoneySavingExpert founder Martin Lewis has been highlighting for years. DON'T MISS:Santander has increased interest rates for savers [UPDATE]Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year [ALERT]Pensioners urged to be ‘strategic’ as tax can apply to state pension [WARNING] Charity Turn2Us says almost three million people (2.7 million) are losing out on billions of pounds in council tax support and could save between 25 and 100 percent. Britons in receipt of certain benefits like Universal Credit and Pension Credit can usually get a discount. Some 10 groups of people don't have to pay council tax including those on certain apprenticeship schemes, certain students and people who are severely mentally impaired. In 2020, one man challenged his band and saved himself and his 29 neighbours tens of thousands of pounds, according to MSE, however, it comes with a warning.  If the council finds people should be in a higher band, they could end up paying more council tax rather than less - so it’s worth doing a bit of research beforehand. However, Britons who have moved house into a lower band property could find they are owed money. To question a council tax band for properties in England and Wales, people need to submit their challenge to the Valuation Office Agency (VOA). They will usually review the band and decide whether to agree to the challenge.  10 groups of people are disregarded from paying council tax bills such as those who are: 