Reece James has delivered a promising update regarding his and teammate N’Golo Kante’s injuries. The Chelsea and England right-back hinted that the pair are edging towards recovery in a recent social media post. Taking to Twitter, James uploaded a picture of him and Kante in the Chelsea medical room with the caption: “On the mend,” accompanied by a robot emoji. Both men were sidelined by injury at the back end of 2022 and continue their recoveries alongside each other. Kante is expected to be out of action for four months after undergoing an operation on a hamstring injury in October. Meanwhile, James will be out for up to a month after injuring his knee during Chelsea’s 2-0 victory over Bournemouth last week. James’ latest knock comes after he was ruled out of the World Cup finals by a similar knee injury which kept him off the pitch for 60 days. A statement released by Chelsea on Wednesday, read: "Defender Reece James underwent assessment earlier today after being substituted during the second half of last night's 2-0 Premier League victory over AFC Bournemouth due to a knee injury. "Scan results have regrettably confirmed a setback for the 23-year-old, with Reece now set to be ruled out for up to a month." On the same day, a deflated James wrote: “2022 has been the toughest year to date. Just wanna thank you all for the support, none of you go unnoticed. It’s naturally effected me mentally, I’m currently just tryna deal with the cards I’ve been dealt. I hope your end of year is filled with peace, joy & happiness.” MORE CHELSEA NEWS... Enzo Fernandez may be left red-faced with Chelsea 'cooling interest' Chelsea target Enzo Fernandez returns for showdown Benfica talks Chelsea take Rafael Leao risk as 'talks advance' after Fernandez push With James set for a period on the treatment table, Chelsea are on the lookout for more options in his position. According to reports from Sky Sports News, the west London club are interested in acquiring the services of Celtic right-back Josip Juranovic but will have to fight off Spanish giants Barcelona - who have also expressed interest in the player. Sky Sports’ Mark McAdam reports: "Chelsea have held internal talks about a possible James replacement. Josip Juranovic at Celtic, the Croatia full-back... Chelsea have held talks with the recruitment team about the player and he is someone they could potentially be interested in. "There's been no formal approach to Celtic, but we know the player has coveted a lot of interest from clubs in the past few weeks. Barcelona has been linked with him and he has good experience. He only joined Celtic in the summer from Legia Warsaw for £2.5m. The fact he's now being talked of as a £20m full-back gives you an indication of how well he's performed in that period of time."