Prince Harry, 38, has been urged not to attend King Charles’ upcoming Coronation in May, after airing his grievances about the Royal Family in both his book, Spare, and throughout his and wife Meghan Markle’s Netflix docuseries. The Apprentice star Karren Brady, 53, has insisted the Coronation should be a “happy occasion”, claiming this won’t be achieved if the Duke of Sussex makes an appearance. It comes after Karren found out the majority of Brits agree Prince Harry should be invited to the King’s Coronation at Westminster Abbey, despite the current Royal feud. The businesswoman was baffled by the results of a recent survey around the debate, writing about the verdict in her latest column. She argued that if Harry and Meghan don’t opt to “stay at home” in California, the Coronation will be filled with “awkward faces and sour grapes”. Karren fumed in The Sun: “A new survey found that 60 per cent believe the Duke of Sussex should be offered a place at the ceremony. READ MORE... Karren Brady says Camilla's 'unscathed' but Harry 'put a sock in it' “May I ask why? Imagine the awkward faces, the sour grapes.  “This is supposed to be a happy occasion.  “Please Spare us,” Karren added as a tongue-in-cheek reference to the title of Harry’s explosive memoir, which was released earlier this month.  Harry recently raised eyebrows as he shared an insight into a physical altercation he had with his brother, and future King, Prince William, 40, over the Duchess of Sussex. Princess Diana’s youngest son claimed in his tell-all memoir Spare that his older brother called Meghan “rude” and “abrasive”. Harry then claimed William ripped his necklace while knocking him to the floor and into a dog bowl. He also accused the Palace of planting negative stories about former Suits actress Meghan in the media. During an interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby to promote his book, the Duke of Sussex said he was unsure over whether he and Meghan will attend his father’s Coronation. DON'T MISS:Strictly 2022 stars reignite romance rumours after cosy bar visitSofia Vergara risks wardrobe malfunction in tiny black dressDame Esther Rantzen shares she is battling lung cancer as it 'spreads' However, Harry went on to share hopes that his family will be “willing to sit down and talk about it”.  Buckingham Palace officials have declined to comment on any of the allegations made by Harry in both his book and docuseries.  According to a source, King Charles “wants Harry to attend his coronation despite resistance from William”.  Harry’s father has reportedly asked the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby to broker a deal to allow him and wife Meghan to attend. Sources close to Lambeth Palace told the Mail on Sunday: “The issue of substance is whether they attend the coronation, and if they do, under what terms and conditions.  “The family is split, and all the indications are that Harry is being advised to agree to nothing at this stage and ‘play it long’ right up to the last minute, which is making negotiations with him very difficult.  “Harry’s camp made clear that the idea that he would just attend the coronation and behave himself but then be stripped of his titles was a total non-starter.”  Charles’ Coronation on May 6 comes after his mother, Queen Elizabeth II, died aged 96 last year.