Prince Harry has claimed his brother William physically attacked him in the kitchen of his former London home, Nottingham Cottage, in leaked content from his forthcoming memoir. According to the Guardian, Harry wrote in Spare: "[William] grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and... knocked me to the floor."I landed on the dogs bowl, which cracked under my back, the pieces cutting into me". Harry writes that William wanted to meet to talk about the "whole rolling catastrophe", however appeared "piping hot" on arrival at Nottingham Cottage, located on the grounds of Kensington Palace and nicknamed 'Nott Cott'. During their meeting, William complained to Harry about Meghan, referring to her as "rude" and "difficult" and "abrasive". However, Harry claims the confrontation escalated, which led to William grabbing Harry and knocking him to the floor in his kitchen. Viewers of Harry and Meghan's explosive Netflix series got a detailed look inside the couple's kitchen, where the alleged assault is said to have taken place. Images show a set of dog bowls, unlikely to be the ones Prince Harry says he landed and was injured on. READ MORE: Harry accuses William of acting like the heir who doesn’t understand in ‘piping hot’ row In the Guardian piece, Harry reportedly accused his brother of acting like an heir and failing to understand why his younger brother was not content with being a spare. Falling to the floor, Harry added: "I landed on the dogs bowl, which cracked under my back. The pieces cutting into me." He added that he lay there "dazed" before telling William to "get out". Harry wrote that William urged him to hit back, citing fights they had as children. READ MORE: WATCH William joke he’d ‘obviously’ win in a fight against Harry because he’s ‘bigger’ William later returned "looking regretful, and apologised". Harry claims that during the exchange his necklace was ripped, which sparked speculation it was the same pendant he has been pictured wearing on numerous occasions. Following the alleged attack, Harry claimed that William had told him that he didn't "need to tell Meg about this". Which he did, until she noticed the "scrapes and bruises" on his back. Harry's book will be released worldwide on January 10. DON'T MISS Prince Harry and Meghan 'hurt' as new Netflix show flops [LATEST]Prince Harry 'wrong' to claim Charles 'not willing' to heal rift [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry urged to ditch anger and self-pity  [SPOTLIGHT] The book will also be available in an audiobook version, read by Harry himself. The printed copy will be available in 16 languages. The 416-page memoir will be published by Penguin Random House, who revealed the upcoming book in July 2021. It was originally scheduled for release in late 2022, with the official January release being made public last year.