Prince Harry has told CBS host Stephen Colbert that he is certain that Buckingham Palace have launched an active campaign to undermine him and his memoir Spare. Mr Colbert asked the Duke of Sussex directly if such a campaign had been launched.       He said: "Do you think right now there is an active campaign by the rest of your family, by the Royal House as it were, to undermine this book and you?" In response, the Duke said: "Yes, of course, and mainly by the British press..." Mr Colbert interrupted by asking: "But aided and abetted by the Royal House?" The Duke said that that was the case but that he was now presenting his side of the story.  He said: "Again, of course, but this is the other side of the story after 38 years. "They told their side of the story, this is the other side of the story and there's a lot in here that could perhaps make people feel uncomfortable and scared." During the interview, the Duke attempted to tackle the claims made by critics of his memoir that he boasted about killing 25 people during his military service in Afghanistan. He claimed that it was a "lie" which was being spread by the media. The 38-year-old said: "Without a doubt, the most dangerous lie that they have told, is that I somehow boasted about the number of people I killed in Afghanistan." The Duke added that his words in relation to the matter "are not dangerous" but the spin on his "words are very dangerous." READ MORE: Prince Harry spotted leaving The Late Show after downing tequila Mr Colbert also asked the Duke about his memories of his late grandmother Queen Elizabeth who died last September. In response, he recalled her legendary "sharp wit" and sense of humour along with "her ability" to respond to people with a straight face when she was joking. He also said that he was "happy" that she had enjoyed an amazing career and was buried with the Duke's beloved grandfather Prince Philip. He said: "Her sharp wit. Her sense of humour.  DON'T MISS: Prince Harry shares dream for Archie and Lili after royal row [REVEAL] Harry revealed Taliban kills 'for own healing' in new interview [INSIGHT] William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [SPOTLIGHT]  "Her ability to respond to anybody with a completely straight face but totally joking." Harry added: "Again, as I've said in the book. I am now and I was then genuinely happy for her as she finished life. "She had an amazing career and was buried with her husband. "And bearing in mind the suffering, global suffering everybody has experienced over the last three years. "There was less suffering for both my grandparents and I'm really grateful for that."  Buckingham Palace have been contacted for comment.