In 2015, Prince Carl Philip and Princess Sofia of Sweden said "I do" at the royal chapel in Stockholm. Many royal fans may have spotted that the bride's wedding dress was very similar to another royal. Created by Swedish designer Ida Sjöstedt, Sofia's bridal outfit featured a modest V-neckline with scalloped lace edges, a flattering A-line skirt and a hand-stitched train. Perhaps most notably, it also boasted intricate couture lace made by José María Ruiz with Kate Middleton-esque long lace sleeves. Four years before the Swedish royals exchanged vows on June 13, 2015, the Princess of Wales wore a similar gown designed by Sarah Burton for Alexander McQueen. While Kate's lace sleeves are now seen as iconic, royal brides have been sporting sleeved gowns for many years due to the modesty required at a church wedding. READ MORE: Fergie weight loss: How Duchess of York 'lost close to 50 pounds'  Grace Kelly, who became the Princess of Monaco, and Lady Gabriella Windsor, the daughter of Princess Michael of Kent, also chose similar styles. Princess Sofia's accessories were suitably regal, as she wore a sweeping bridal veil, an emerald tiara and delicate diamond drop earrings. She additionally clutched a beautiful bouquet of peach-coloured roses. To be specific, Princess Sofia wore the Palmette Tiara. The tiara was a wedding gift to Sofia from her new parents-in-law, King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden. The tiara features petite diamond palmettes set on a slender diamond studded base and interspersed with diamond spikes.   Originally, Sofia wore the tiara with a set of emerald toppers. The original setting of the tiara featured a rigid, coronet-style base, which sat perched atop Sofia’s head. The newly married royal couple were joined by family, friends and a host of guests from around the world. Following their emotional ceremony, they celebrated their nuptials with a carriage ride through the streets of the Swedish capital and a lavish reception, complete with dinner and dancing that continued long into the night. However, their wedding was not without controversy. At the age of 20, Sofia was published in photos in the men's magazine Slitz wearing only a bikini bottom and a live boa constrictor around her upper body, and was later voted "Miss Slitz 2004" by readers. READ MORE: Meghan Markle is not 'deliberately copying' Princess Diana - claim  When her relationship with Prince Carl Philip was made public in 2010, the publication Expressen republished the photos, leading to much controversy. However, the couple went on to marry and on their five-year anniversary, the couple took to Instagram to share some never-before-seen photographs, writing: "Sometimes every person comes to a decisive choice; a choice that determines one's future and is about who one is and above all, who one wants to be. "And often it takes courage. Courage not to choose the easy path just because it is easy, without courage to stay on the hard road because it's right." Prince Carl Philip's marriage proposal came as a complete surprise to Sofia.  The then 35-year-old popped the question in the morning, something of a shock to Sofia as she said she is usually the first to wake. Talking about the proposal later, he showed that even Princes get butterflies when they propose. "I was nervous," the royal said of the proposal. "I woke up several times the night before, I don't know if Sofia noticed. I wanted it to be a surprise." They have since welcomed three children: Prince Alexander, six, Prince Gabriel, five, and Prince Julian, one. 