Extraordinary has just arrived on Disney Plus and Hulu and the superhero comedy has gone down a huge hit with fans. Trying to navigate a confusing world and armed with nothing but hope, Jen (played Máiréad Tyers) begins her journey to find her maybe-superpower. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about how old she is. The Irish actress who plays Jen was born in January 1998, making her 25 years old, and she is otherwise known for her roles in Belfast and Tell Me Everything. She was born in Cork and went to school there, but currently lives in London in the UK. She went on to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and graduated with her degree in 2020. The star began acting at a young age as she enjoyed taking part in school plays. READ MORE: Extraordinary creator admits sitcom was ‘s**t’ before twist Speaking about her new role she told Rolling Stone: "We all do what Jen does, especially when we’re in our mid-twenties. “We say things like ‘when I get this job or have this relationship, I’ll be happy’. And so throughout the series, we see her trying to find her superpower through any means possible.” The star also spoke to Graham Norton on Virgin Radio and he asked her whether it was dull filming the superpower moments. She said: "Not that dull, I mean the opening sequence when I come out of the interview and walking down the road, there's an Uber Fly situation. "So instead of say getting in a car like a regular Uber drive or whatever, you are hopping onto someone's back whose superpower is they can fly. "And I quite literally had to walk down Bishopsgate and there was a man in wires, and he had this little seat that would flap down out of his back. "Then another man had to hop on it. So it wasn't dull in any way." She stars alongside Sofia Oxenham as Carrie, Bilal Hasna as Kash and Luke Rollason as Jizzlord. DON'T MISS... Pamela Anderson brands Disney 'a**holes' over Pam and Tommy series The Walking Dead star lands major Lex Luthor role in Superman and Lois Will Smith lands first Disney film since Chris Rock Oscars slap Guest stars include Derry Girls actress Siobhán McSweeney and Snatch actor Robbie Gee. Actress Tyers is on Instagram and she has been paying tribute to her co-stars after the show's debut. Sharing a photo of herself with the stars she said: "#Extraordinary is out now on Disney Plus. I love these three more than anything and I can’t wait to wreck their heads for another season. Thank you @eamoran93 for making us funny." Speaking to Movie Web, the star explained what she feels the story says about life. She said: "With the name of the show being Extraordinary, and the whole series being Jen trying to find her superpower and being the only one she knows who doesn't have one [...] it’s that it feels as if everyone else around her is blooming or has blossomed into these ‘extraordinary’ people. "Yet she feels like such a late bloomer. It’s that idea of not buying into it, which we often do, where you say, 'Oh, when I get this thing, I'll be happy,' or, 'When I achieve this, then my life will be sorted.' "That’s quite a black-and-white idea to have of the world and of life." The series is made up of eight episodes with season two already in the pipeline. Extraordinary is available to watch on Disney Plus.