The SNP and Nicola Sturgeon have been humiliated after signs calling for Terfs (trans-exclusionary radical feminists) to be decapitated were shown at a pro-transgender rights rally attended by politicians from the party. MP Kirsten Oswald and MSP Kaukab Stewart were embarrassingly pictured in front of a homemade sign in Glasgow that said "Decapitate Terfs" next to an image of a guillotine. Another sign at help aloft by someone at the rally appeared to call for Terfs, an acronym that is often used to describe women who do not believe males can become female, to be eaten. The SNP politicians have been left shocked by the banners, insisting they were not aware of the shocking signs while condemning them after pictures emerged on social media. Ms Oswald tweeted: "That's a horrific sign, and it wasn't there when I joined the demo. It most certainly doesn't represent my views, and isn't language I would ever use. "Violent hateful language, of any kind, is unacceptable and has no place in the peaceful movement for LGBT equality and democracy." Ms Stewart said: "I was not aware of these hateful signs when I attended today's protest in defence of Scottish democracy and the rights of trans people, and I utterly disagree with them. "Violent hate speech is totally unacceptable and has absolutely no place in our public discourse." But Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling took to Twitter to mock the "temporary blindness" of the SNP politicians who posed near the horrifying sign. She shared the picture of the pair and said: "A few of Scotland's wonderfully progressive and kind politicians, posing proudly in front of banners calling for women to be decapitated and eaten." The author later added: "A strange new form of temporary blindness has broken out among Scottish politicians. READ MORE: Should the PM compromise on Brexit to improve relations with the EU? "None of them could read placards calling for violence against women while standing inches away from them, yet they were instantly cured when photos of them posing with the signs hit the press." SNP MP Joanna Cherry said: "I'm sure my colleagues didn't realise they were standing in front of a hateful sign threatening violence against women and will distance themselves from it. But the Scottish Conservatives have lashed out at the SNP politicians. MSP Murdo Fraser said he reported the sign at the rally to the police, adding it was 'clearly a hate crime and a public order offence'. He added: "Good grief [Nicola Sturgeon], should your MP and MSP [Kirsten Oswald] and [Kaukab Stewart] really be standing under a banner with a guillotine and this the slogan 'Decapitate Terfs'? And this is meant to be 'progressive'." DON'T MISSLabour reports Boris to standards watchdog over 'murky' BBC boss loan [LATEST]'Gender law row's Scotland’s get-out, says expert [COMMENTS]SNP 'well below' 50% needed for 'de facto referendum' [POLL] Fellow Scottish Tory, Jamie Halcro-Johnston wrote on Twitter: "Scotland in 2023 - where SNP politicians stand smiling in front of a banner which calls for violence against women. Shameful." Other SNP politicians who attended the rally included MP Stewart McDonald and MP Alison Thewliss. Mr McDonald tweeted: "The violent sign at yesterday's rally is utterly heinous and condemned without question. I suspect it may even be unlawful. "The moron who made it and is holding it has done those protesting for trans equality and democracy no favours - quite the opposite." Ms Thewliss said she had not seen the sign and that but she had she would "have told the person involved how inappropriate and offensive it was, and to get rid of it". The rally on Buchanan Street in Glasgow on Saturday was attended by several hundred people and was to protest against the UK Government vetoing the SNP’s gender recognition reform bill, which would have made it easier for people to legally change their gender. The Equality Network, a leading pro-trans organisation that backs the SNP gender reforms, has reacted angrily and said personal abuse and threats of violence were "not acceptable" A Police Scotland spokesperson said: "We have received a report regarding a sign which was displayed during a rally on Buchanan Street, Glasgow on Saturday, January 21, 2023. Enquiries are ongoing."