After season six ended on a major cliffhanger, Outlander fans are eagerly awaiting for the show to return to Starz. However, the lead actors Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe decided to take a break from filming for a “little getaway.”  The last time viewers saw Highlander Jamie Fraser (played by Sam Heughan) he was galloping with his men seemingly in the direction of Wilmington. He and his men were headed there to save his wife Claire (Caitriona Balfe) who he had been forcibly separated from and was about to stand trial for a murder she didn't commit. Although viewers are eager to discover if he made it in time, the show hasn’t confirmed that they have wrapped production. Thankfully for fans, Outlander dropped a teaser trailer which revealed season seven will land on screens in the summer. READ MORE: BBC could ‘warp Britain’ with ‘woke’ TV dramas, claims report With the cast and crew hard at work, Sam and Caitriona took some time away from the set. Taking to Instagram, Caitriona took a selfie in front of an Audi and wrote: “Little getaway to end the year. Thanks @audiuk for the wheels.” Sam also followed suit, as he posed in front of an Audi and shared how he was spending his break. The caption read: “Back in black! Ending the year in Edinburgh, exploring the sights. Thanks, @audiuk for the wheels this year, been a dream!     He added: “Here’s to some more adventures in 2023.” While there are fingers crossed for Jamie and Claire’s reunion, it's unlikely the pair will meet again without a fight. In true Outlander form, fans are expecting Jamie to step back into his warrior shoes and take down a few of Richard Brown’s (Chris Larkin) men to save his wife. Viewers still have a long wait ahead as season seven will have significantly more episodes than the previous instalment. DON'T MISS...Outlander’s Jamie Fraser star recalls ‘tearing’ at Catriona Balfe [INSIGHT]Outlander’s Sam Heughan teases campaign to join rival series [INSIGHT]Outlander fans convinced author ‘abandons’ Jamie and Claire [REACTION]   Despite the many storylines, season six only had eight episodes as production was affected by Covid-19. Bosses decided to make up for this and extend season seven with 16 episodes. As the show is the on-screen adaptation of Diana Gabaldon’s hit novel series, many have looked to the books for insight. Season seven will be based on her seventh novel Echo in the Bone and the plot line reads: “Jamie and Claire Fraser, are now in the midst of the American Revolution.    “Their daughter Brianna, her husband Roger MacKenzie, and their two children settled at Lallybroch in the 1970′s (finding their feet after their return from the past - but are unaware that that past is just about to leap out at them again). “Lord John Grey and his stepson William (Jamie’s unacknowledged illegitimate son), are embroiled in the revolution on the British side with William in the army and Lord John on the clandestine side of intelligence. “And Jamie’s nephew Young Ian and his troubled love life is about to take another sharp left turn.” However, fans will have to stay tuned to see if the upcoming season will depict the same storyline as its source material. Outlander seasons 1 to 6 are available to stream on Starz in the US and on LIONSGATE+ in the UK.