Fawn is among the disguises taken on by this year's secret famous faces, and after a series of clues in the latest episode of the ITV staple, viewers think one of the All Saints sisters Natalie or Nicole Appleton could be behind the mask. After the latest instalment of the competition saw Fawn giving a few cryptic hints as to who she really is, fans took to social media to share their predictions. The popular show returned at the start of the month for its 2023 series, and several theories are already doing the rounds. The 13 new contestants also include the show's first-ever duo, Cat and Mouse. During Fawn's introduction clip, she could be seen walking through a forest while dropping clues. "You might think a fawn is a young deer," she remarked, adding: "But I'm certainly not the baby." READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire The hidden celebrity went on: "Although, I admit that when I was younger, I was somewhat awkward. "Call me a boffin, but maths was a passion. Though my brain helped me to win later in life. "Now that I'm all grown up, I'm not awkward at all. Tonight, you better hold onto your seats for dear life." Fawn also referred to black coffee, which is the title of a song by the girl band. She also mentioned sand, which could be a reference to All Saints' song Pure Shores, which was featured in the film The Beach. With further references to spices as well as the "baby" comment, some have picked up this could be a nod to the band's rivals, The Spice Girls. With these clues in mind, several fans came to the assumption the Candian singer was definitely the identity of Fawn. Twitter user @walkmich84 shared: "Why do I feel Fawn is Natalie Appleton?? #MaskedSingerUK." DON'T MISS... Fern Britton stirs outrage as My Cornwall viewers fume [REACTION]EastEnders fans in tears over 'heartbreaking' Zack Hudson twist [LATEST]Karren Brady gives health update for absent Apprentice co-star [EXCLUSIVE] @brumagen_sam penned: "Fawn - Nicole Appleton? Sandy, beach, pure shores. "Coffee, no milk, Black Coffee, 5 sugars 5 number 1 hits? #MaskedSinger." @dreamredux added: "I swear to god Fawn is Natalie Appleton from All Saints! Sounds almost exactly like her. "And the ‘black coffee’ clue sealed it for me! As a massive All Saints fan, I really hope it’s her #TheMaskedSingerUK." @Normsi2 posted: "Reckon #Fawn may be Natalie Appleton. "She's the oldest member so not the baby & 'Sandy' on the necklace could be reference to #PureShores, No milk, Black Coffee #MaskedSingerUK." @Dead0nTheBeach shared: "Why are people saying Heidi Range is Fawn on masked singer UK? That sounds nothing like Heidi. It is 100% without a doubt Natalie Appleton." The Masked Singer continues on Saturday at 7pm on ITV.