Prince Harry, 38, has shocked the nation with some of the regulations he has made in his memoir, Spare, with the former royal not holding back on matters. This paired with his and Meghan Markle's Netflix series, and their bombshell interview could mean "the penny has just dropped" for their famous friends, according to one expert, due to their explosive revelations regarding the Royal Family. Harry and Meghan have not left many windows untouched as they share the truth about their decision to leave the Royal family. The royal released his autobiography, while also doing interviews with ITV and CBS, and the couple recently released their docuseries, Harry and Meghan on Netflix. Speaking to the Daily Star, PR expert and CEO for 10 Yetis Andy Barr opened up on his thoughts about the couple and their future stateside after their latest revelations. Barr admitted he thinks former celebrity friends may turn their backs on the former Royals due to growing cautious over the couple's actions. READ MORE: Life after Barbara - ‘I still wake and think I’ll see her' He said: "The penny has just dropped for the Hollywood elite - if Harry and Meghan would do this to their own actual family, what could and would they potentially reveal about their A-Lister pals? "This realisation means you can see the distance between the pair and the ‘Hollywood Royalty’ now beginning to grow." This comes after much speculation that some of the Hollywood elite including Oprah Winfrey and George Clooney have distanced themselves from the couple. Prince Harry also used his book to thank Oprah, James Corden and Chris Martin, while snubbing the Royal Family. In the opening acknowledgments of Spare, there is no mention of the Prince of Wales, his father King Charles or his grandmother, the late Queen, or other Royal Family members, although he does thank his wife and children Archie and Lili. However, the prince mentions a host of celebrity names, with "thanks and hugs" for Martin, Oprah, James Corden, Tyler Perry, and Nacho Figueras and his wife Delfina Blaquier, for "their unwavering friendship and support". Harry also said his mother's siblings deserve a "standout thanks for their love, support, time and perspective". DON'T MISS... George Clooney looks dapper in suit as he arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live [PICS] Lisa Marie Presley died aged 54 from second cardiac arrest in hospital [INSIGHT] Carey Mulligan confirms she is expecting third child at AFI Awards [ANNOUNCEMENT]  It comes as the Duke insisted he "would like nothing more" than for his children to have relationships with the Royal Family on the day his controversial memoir was finally published. In his interview with People magazine, Harry said of his book, which was ghostwritten by JR Moehringer: "I don't want to tell anyone what to think of it, and that includes my family. "This book and its truths are in many ways a continuation of my own mental health journey. "It's a raw account of my life - the good, the bad and everything in between." Adding that he was hopeful for reconciliation, Harry said: "I would love nothing more than for our children to have relationships with members of my family, and they do with some, which brings me great joy." Harry is known to be close to his cousin Princess Eugenie, who has visited him in the US. Harry and Meghan's children, Archie and Lili are the grandchildren of the King but live thousands of miles away from the Windsors in California. The Duke also previously confessed he has not spoken to Charles in "quite a while", and is not in text contact with William at the moment.