The recent episode of TLC’s hit reality show, 1000lb Sisters saw Tammy Slaton celebrate a successful weigh-in. The 36-year-old has struggled on her weight loss journey, but was finally on the right path after shedding 60lb.  When season four returned to screens, Tammy had agreed to enter rehab, but after just one day, her health took a turn for the worse and she was rushed to the hospital. After struggling to breathe, Tammy was placed in a medically induced coma. The close brush with death proved to be a huge wake-up call for Tammy as she returned to rehab and took her weight loss seriously. She branded her weight loss journey "one of the best moves I’ve ever made". READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row    As well as a focus on healthier eating, Tammy has also been moving her body more. She explained: “When I first got here, I could hardly walk through the threshold but I’ve been working on trying to step away from the walker. "I'm moving around more, now I can do it and not be so out of breath." All her efforts were reflected during a recent weigh-in, as Tammy got on the scales and learned she had lost 60lb which made her feel like she could “conquer the world".   Reflecting on her journey, Tammy shared: “When I got here I weighed 689lb, Doctor Smith wants me to lose 100lb while I’m here. “I’ve worked so hard and just don’t know if it's going to pay off.” After the scales displayed her new weight of 631.3, Tammy admitted she felt “good” as she remarked: “That’s a lot.” Speaking to cameras, Tammy added: “I’m down 60lb, honestly I didn’t think I could get that much off. DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [REACTION]1000lb Best Friends fans to 'switch off' over Meghan and Jon's actions [REACTION]1000lb Best Friends’ Meghan opens up on health issues affecting weight [INSIGHT] “It’s hard work and it's paying off … I can conquer the world.” Although Tammy was closer than ever to her goal of a 100lb weight loss, the 36-year-old began to feel homesick and was convinced she could lose the rest at home. This sparked major concern for the administrator, Kelly Yarborough, who wanted to ensure she was making the right decision. As she probed: “Tammy are you sure that you’re ready to go home on your own, without support and face the temptations when you get there by yourself?” Defending herself, Tammy stated: “I’ve been here long enough, I’ve seen what to do, I’ve just got to do it.” However, when Tammy returned home she was also met with concern from her family members including her sister, Amy Slaton. During her welcome home party, Amy told her: “You want to do this for yourself but you’ve got to show us that you can do it.” Speaking to producers, Amy added: “Tammy left rehab early and now she’s annoyed everyone’s giving her a lecture but we only want the best for you.” 1000lb Sisters season 4 continues Tuesdays on TLC. 