Arsenal have been told that Eddie Nketiah has saved his side up to £70million this month with his performances, which could be used for future moves as the Gunners eye summer bids for both Declan Rice and Moises Caicedo. Mikel Arteta’s outfit signed Jorginho on deadline day for an initial £10million fee in addition to previous January transfers Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior. Arsenal were expected to enter the market for a summer when Gabriel Jesus returned from the World Cup early through injury and had knee surgery. The Brazilian striker has been sidelined since and no timeline has been placed on his return to the team, though Nketiah has deputised ably in his absence. Many felt that Jesus’ injury could destabilise the Gunners in their quest to lift the Premier League title this season, but Nketiah has stepped in and proven the doubters wrong as his side remain top of the table and hold a five-point gap over second-placed Manchester City with a game in hand. Arsenal icon Paul Merson admitted that Nketiah has surprised him and initially felt that a striker signing was going to be necessary this month, but the Englishman has saved the north London side a considerable amount of money from their transfer budget. "Nketiah is surprising me in a way. He's going to save Arsenal a lot of money,” Merson told Sky Sports. “You've got to be lucky in football. He got that lucky opportunity and he's took it with both hands. "If he'd have had two bad games Arsenal would be buying a centre-forward in this window for £50-70m. Now he's done it, he got his break. I can't speak highly enough of him. He's shocked me in a way - I thought he might do it for one or two games. The kid has been outstanding." DON'T MISSLeeds rocked by Zaniolo twist with Roma ready to approve transferMan Utd 'on the verge' of signing Sabitzer in deadline day U-turnChelsea make decision on letting Gallagher seal Man Utd or Newcastle loan That money saved could help the club in the summer as they look to sign both Caicedo and Rice in the summer transfer window. Sky Sports have claimed that the January signing of Jorginho will not impact pursuits for either midfield target and Arsenal will push ahead and attempt to sign both at the end of the season. West Ham have reportedly dropped their asking price to £70m for their captain, which Arsenal may have spare after Nketiah’s performances prevented the need for a striker signing mid-season. Arsenal had multiple bids rejected by Brighton for Caicedo despite the Ecuadorian’s public pleas to leave the club, as the Seagulls turned down a proposal of £75m for their star and remained firm in their stance that he will not leave the club. Though they may be more open to a summer sale, when Arsenal are expected to return for the 21-year-old.