Karen Khachanov addressed the Australian Open’s ban on Russian flags following his semi-final defeat on Friday. The 18th seed fell to Stefanos Tsitsipas in four sets but shared a poignant moment with the crowd before leaving Rod Laver Arena and explained how he felt supported by the Russian fans despite the nation’s flag being banned earlier in the tournament. It comes after four pro-Putin protesters were kicked out of the grounds following Andrey Rublev’s quarter-final loss to Novak Djokovic. Khachanov paid tribute to his Russian and Armenian supporters after crashing out of the Australian Open in the semi-final. The 26-year-old had used his camera messages in the earlier rounds to send support to Artsakh amid Armenia’s claims that the breakaway republic had been blockaded by Azerbaijan, and on Friday he also thanked the fans from his home nation. After losing 7-6(2) 6-4 6-7(6) 6-3, the world No 20 noticeably put his bags down to wave to the fans before leaving the court and was asked about the emotional moment. “I felt really during the tournament a lot of fans,” he explained. “I had some matches on John Cain. Actually the fans were cheering more for my opponents. Then I think last match on Rod Laver and this one, they were really kind of almost equal. They gave me so much love. I just wanted to appreciate this moment to some Russian fans, to my Armenian fans, and people who came to support with the flags.” JUST IN: Robson calls out 'inexcusable' Court comments in Aus Open broadcast     Following Khachanov’s messages to Artsakh, fans brought both Armenian and Artsakh flags to the four-time title winner’s matches and he commented on the fact that the Russian fans had been unable to do the same. “Grateful for them to cheer, to support, to come over,” he continued. “And also Russian fans, they were not allowed to bring any flags, Belarusian as well. But I heard them as well. There were many Russians as well screaming and supporting me all the way. Just really happy to see everybody on that court and to give me love all the way until the end.” Russian and Belarusian flags, as well as the Z symbol, were banned from the tournament after day one when a Russian flag was clearly visible during a match between the country’s Kamilla Rakhimova and Ukraine’s Kateryna Baindl, prompting the Ukrainian ambassador to Australia and New Zealand to complain. DON'T MISSCoco Gauff comes out swinging after helping Aus Open billionaireStefanos Tsitsipas issues Djokovic warning to reach 'childhood dream'Ukrainian star fears 'aggressive Djokovic fans' after slamming protest  And Russian flags caused even more controversy on Wednesday when a group of fans were able to sneak in Z t-shirts and Russian flags with Putin’s face following Djokovic’s match against Rublev. The Serb’s father Srdjan was then seen posing with two of the protesters who were holding a Putin-clad Russian flag, causing a storm. Tennis Australia was forced to call the police on the protesters when some “threatened security” and confirmed that four of them were ejected from the site on Wednesday. After footage of Srdjan standing alongside some of the protesters emerged on Thursday, TA confirmed that they had reminded players and their teams of “situations that had the potential to disrupt” and on Friday, Djokovic’s father released his own statement. “I am here to support my son only. I had no intention of causing such headlines or disruption,” he said. “I was outside with Novak’s fans as I have done after all of my son’s matches to celebrate his wins and take pictures with them. I had no intention of being caught up in this. My family has lived through the horror of war, and we wish only for peace. So there is no disruption to tonight’s semi-final for my son or for the other player, I have chosen to watch from home. I wish for a great match and I will be cheering for my son, as always.”