Happy Valley has been missing from BBC One's schedule for seven years so when news of its return came out, fans couldn't have been more thrilled. The crime drama once again follows Sgt Catherine Cawood (played by Sarah Lancashire) who has been the guardian of her grandson Ryan Cawood (Rhys Connah) since the death of her daughter, caused by her rapist Tommy Lee Royce (James Norton). There was another shock in store for Catherine though at the end of season three's second instalment. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Happy Valley.Happy Valley's Tommy Lee Royce is portrayed by actor James Norton who famously plays vicar Sidney Chambers in the hit ITV drama Grantchester. He led the cast of Grantchester for five years with season eight expected to air in early 2023, this time with actor Tom Brittney in the starring role. Apart from this and Happy Valley, Norton has been in The Trial of Christine Keeler, McMafia, Mr Jones, Little Women and Rogue Agent. Most recently, Norton was behind Hugo Swan in the sci-fi HBO series The Nevers. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer The Happy Valley star James Norton is 1.85m tall which is equivalent to 6ft 1in, according to Celeb Heights. In comparison to his co-stars, the 37-year-old is taller than Neil Ackroyd actor Con O'Neill 5ft 8in. Whereas actress Sarah Lancashire is 5ft 7in and Claire star Siobhan Finneran is 5ft 4in tall. In an interview with Radio Times, Norton explained how creator Sally Wainwright described the character of Tommy to him. He said: "She didn’t say he was a psychopath. The implication very early on was that I could decide how to define him, if at all. "I was sent to talk to a criminal psychologist at the Priory who’d read the script. "We tried to get deep inside Tommy. Everyone thinks of him as a psychopath, a vicious, murdering, raping, horrible monster, but of course, that’s not his truth. "He was badly abused as a child, he sees the world as inherently dangerous and hostile. "So my way in was through the sheer wretchedness and desperation that young Tommy would have felt." DON'T MISS...Power’s Naturi Naughton sends touching tribute to co-star [TRIBUTE]Happy Valley's Mr Hepworth star left squirming in ‘frosty’ BBC moment [CAST]We look at Sarah Lancashire's life outside Happy Valley [EXPLAINER] Happy Valley returned for its third and final outing on New Year's Day and will consist of six episodes in total. As long as there are no schedule shake-ups, the last ever episode of the show is going to air on Sunday, February 5, on BBC One. But there is still quite some time before viewers find out how the drama is going to finish. Fans and Catherine herself were stunned when it was realised her sister Claire had been going behind her back. Claire and her boyfriend Neil had been taking Ryan to see his dad Tommy in prison without Catherine's permission. He had already been to visit Tommy four times over the past year but Catherine couldn't believe it. But when she decided to follow them in the car, she saw for herself that Claire was betraying her but how is she going to explain her actions to her sister? Happy Valley season 3 continues every Sunday at 9pm on BBC One.