Last season the residents of Poplar were shaken after a train crash which involved Dr Turner (played by Stephen McGann) and Sister Julienne (Jenny Agutter). During the Christmas special, Nurse Trixie Franklin (Helen George) got engaged to Matthew Aylward (Olly Rix) whilst Rhoda Mullucks (Liz White) returned pregnant with her fourth child. However, newcomer Sister Veronica (Rebecca Gethings) left fans divided with many taking to their social media. Sister Veronica stormed into the series on her Vespa and made quite the impression amongst the other nuns in Nonnatus House. She even got on the wrong side of Mrs Higgins (Georgie Glen) which left fans fuming about her arrival in Poplar. Taking to their Twitter account @Jadelou_xxx wrote: "I’m not warming to Sister Veronica #CallTheMidwife." Debbie Blackman commented: "Sister Veronica is an odd one, isn't she? #CalltheMidwife." READ MORE: Yellowstone plot hole: Fans expose questionable Jamie and Beth scene @kamfinsa added: "Not sure what I make of Sister Veronica. #CallTheMidwife." @xowildflowerxo said: "It's hard getting used to these new characters. Think it'll take a while to warm to Sister Veronica (if at all!) #callthemidwife." @777interlvde fumed: "I don’t trust sister veronica one bit #CallTheMidwife." @Momrocks50 expressed: "Another excellent episode and Sister Veronica is going to be a naughty nun not so perfect in every way #CallTheMidwife." (sic) Rebecca Gethings recently opened up about arriving on the show and explained that Sister Veronica could be set to make some trouble for Nonnatus House. When discussing her character, she told Express.co.uk and other press: "Her dad was in the army so she travelled around a lot so she was always the new girl at school. "You can go one of two ways there, she has a really thick skin because I don't think she was always the most welcome person so she doesn't necessarily pick up on hints of behaviour the way other people do. "She kind of hobnail boot her way into situations and ruffle feathers but she has got a really good heart and she means well." DON'T MISS...King Charles is waiting for Meghan and Harry to 'destroy themselves' [INSIGHT]1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go' [WATCH] Discussing the trouble that is in store, she teased: "She can do yes but always with good in mind. She is a bit annoying." The synopsis for the first episode read: "It is April 1968 and change is coming to Nonnatus House. The sisters intend to make a good impression on new recruit Sister Veronica. "It's clear she is no shrinking violet and will ruffle a few feathers. Racial tensions cast a shadow over Poplar following Enoch Powell’s incendiary ‘Rivers of Blood’ speech. "Nancy and Trixie team up to support a terminally ill patient, and Fred is saddened to receive an official letter confirming the disbandment of the Civil Defence Corps." The festive period saw Sister Hilda (Fenella Woolgar) and Sister Frances (Ella Bruccoleri) leave the series with no future to return at this present time. Following a similar format to the previous series, Call The Midwife series 12 will consist of eight episodes, which will air weekly on Sunday evenings at the same time slot. Call The Midwife has been commissioned for a 13th series which is set to air in early 2024, although it’s not yet confirmed if the BBC drama will get a 14th season. Call The Midwife airs Sunday from 8pm on BBC One.