Camilla stunned today in a red dress reminiscing of the one donned by Kate on Monday evening. The Queen Consort visited Lille Barracks this afternoon, marking her first official engagement as Colonel of the Grenadier Guards, a role she was trusted with in December. During the engagement, King Charles's wife met members of the Battalion and joined a reception during which the Commanding Officer presented a champagne toast to celebrate Her Majesty's appointment. Later during the afternoon, Camilla presented medals, including two Long Service and Good Conduct honours and a further 10 Shader medals, granted in recognition of Operational Service in Iraq. She also met the families of the medals' recipients. During the engagement, the royal posed for a picture with members of the force, with her red dress stealing the scene while she sat among the camo-wearing soldiers. Buckingham Palace announced in late December a significant shake-up focused on military patronages. Alongside Camilla's appointment it was also shared that Prince William would become Colonel of the Welsh Guards, in line with his new title of Prince of Wales. Kate, on the other hand, took on the role of Colonel of the Irish Guards, previously held by her husband. Prior to Camilla's takeover, the role of Colonel had been held by Prince Andrew. He relinquished it in January last year, among his other royal and military patronages. READ MORE: Prince Louis’ £8,000 gift from Harry paid tribute to Diana Camilla's outing in a red dress comes just hours after Kate donned a bright red Alexander McQueen trouser suit to the pre-launch of Shaping Us. Accompanied at BAFTA by Prince William, Kate celebrated the new initiative - part of her lifelong commitment to raise awareness of the importance of the first five years of life for the development of healthy and successful children. Delivering a speech during the event, she said: "It is essential, to not only understand the unique importance of our earliest years, but to know what we can all do to help raise future generations of happy, healthy adults." The launch of Shaping Us has been accompanied today by the release of two videos - one 90-second animated film and a video message by the royal. The claymation film shows the first five years in the life of Layla, during which she is cuddled by her parents, plays with her toys and goes to nursery school. A statement by Kensington Palace read: "In the film, we see Layla navigate her way through various experiences as a newborn, a toddler and young child, with the help of those around her. "The film shows how her interactions with people and places— from her parents’ cuddles, to a reassuring arm on her shoulder from a nursery teacher and supportive cheer from a swimming teacher—stimulate her brain and development." To promote the launch of Shaping Us, Kate headed today to Leeds to speak with locals and business owners at a market about their experiences with the early years and with students at the University of Leeds about what they are learning on the topic.