Millions of households across the country are set to benefit from more support in 2023 and 2024. Today, the DWP announced when further cost of living payments will be made. The exact payment start dates for the cost of living payments are yet to be confirmed. However, Britons can expect the following: A new £900 boost will be due for over eight million eligible means-tested benefit claimants - split into three payments over the course of the financial year. Pensioners can once again expect a £300 boost if they are eligible for support, while disabled claimants are set to receive a separate £150 payment. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get up to £1,350 in cost of living support  In total, some Britons who are eligible for all three forms of support could get up to £1,350.  The cost of living payment is likely to provide welcome relief to those worried about rising prices and soaring bills.  Myron Jobson, senior personal finance analyst at interactive investor, said: “The fresh cost of living payments from this spring will help take the sting out of the increase in the energy price cap from April for those who need it most, with average energy bills set to rise from £2,500 to £3,000 a year.  “If the Bank of England’s forecasts are correct, the next round of support will land at a time when inflation could start to fall back significantly. DON'T MISS‘Impact of inflation’ can’t be ignored by state pensioners [LATEST]New Year’s Resolutions may help Britons retire earlier than planned [UPDATE]Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win [INSIGHT] “But there are no certainties when it comes to inflation and the UK faces other challenges, including slowing economic growth, heightened financial vulnerabilities tied to high debt levels and rising interest rates which could squeeze household finances further.” Mr Jobson warned although various cost of living support schemes and measures will help to “ease the inflationary crush”, Britons should always be alert. This is because these forms of help often have a “shelf life”, limiting the time people will be able to lean on this kind of financial support. Once the cost of living payments come to an end, budgets may be squeezed once again. READ MORE: Money-saving challenge that promises almost £7,000 in one year As a result, people may already need to start thinking about their finances going forward. Mr Jobson added: “It remains important to have a comprehensive understanding of your financial position. “Make the necessary adjustments to ensure that your financial position holds strong long after the cost of living measures expire. “The fact remains that individuals will have to do most of the heavy lifting to fortify their finances. “If you don’t have a budget, now is a good time to start – and stick with it.” What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Chancellor Jeremy Hunt said in a statement: “I know these are tough times for families across the UK who are struggling to meet rising food and energy costs, driven by the aftershocks of COVID-19 and Putin’s war in Ukraine. “That’s why we’re putting a further £900 into the pockets of over eight million low income households next year. “These payments are on top of above inflation increases to working-age benefits and the Energy Price Guarantee, which is insulating millions from even higher global gas prices. “Tackling inflation is this Government’s number one priority and is the only way to ease the strain of high prices, drive long term economic growth and improve living standards for everyone.” Payments will be tax-free, and will not count towards the benefit cap. The payments will also be made automatically, so eligible Britons have no need to take any further action.