It was reported the dancer would be replacing David Walliams on talent contest Britain's Got Talent, and the 67-year-old has now broken his silence on the news, describing how "excited" he feels to be joining the popular ITV show. He will join Amanda Holden, Simon Cowell and Alesha Dixon after David quit the series over remarks he had made about a contestant.  Dancing legend Bruno was a judge on Strictly Come Dancing from series one in 2004 until 2019. He took a break from the annul show due to travel difficulties during the COVID-19 pandemic, but last year it was announced former contestant Anton Du Beke would be permanantley replacing him. On joining Britain's Got Talent, Bruno commented: "Here we are, Britain’s Got Talent. I am so excited. "It’s my first show, I have no idea what’s going to happen, but I’m sure it’s going to be brilliant."   Now in its 16th series, the multi-award-winning talent extravaganza is set to return bigger and better than ever before. More acts will be battling it out for the chance to scoop the massive £250,000 prize and perform to royalty at the prestigious Royal Variety Performance. The show has delivered some of the most talked about performances and most memorable TV moments of the last decade and more, including Paul Potts, Diversity, Tokio Myers, Lost Voice Guy and singer Susan Boyle. Throughout the show's history, a few different judges have come and gone, including Piers Morgan. The broadcaster was part of the judging panel from series one in 2007 to series four. However, the past few years have seen Simon, Amanda, Alesha and David all firmly become staples on the show. Bruno's casting comes following controversy surrounding comedian David. Last year, he stepped down from Britain’s Got Talent after apologising for making vile remarks about two contestants during auditions at the London Palladium in January 2020. DON'T MISS... GB News sparks uproar with fresh attack on Prince Harry [VIDEO]Piers Morgan fumes 'can't use that language' as guest drops F-bomb [LATEST]Emmerdale's Charity Dingle takes drastic action over upsetting news [SPOILER] In recordings, David can be heard calling an older contestant a “c**t” three times after they made a joke about them in a comedy routine. In a separate incident, he made inappropriate comments about a female contestant. He’s reported to have said: “She’s like the slightly boring girl you meet in the pub that thinks you want to f*** them, but you don’t.” “It’s the last thing on your mind, but she’s like, ‘Yep, I bet you do. No I don’t! I had a bit of a b***r, but now it’s going, it’s now shrivelled up inside my body.'" In a statement apologising for his comments, David said:“I would like to apologise to the people I made disrespectful comments about during breaks in filming for Britain’s Got Talent in 2020. “These were private conversations and - like most conversations with friends - were never intended to be shared. Nevertheless, I am sorry.”  It was speculated earlier this month that Bruno would be replacing David as the fourth judge on the panel, and the news has now been confirmed. Britain's Got Talent returns to ITV later this year.