Prince Harry has claimed his brother Prince William "wanted me to hit him back" during an altercation which he alleged took place in Nottingham Cottage in 2019. During the ITV interview, the Duke of Sussex also claimed he saw the "red mist" descend over William as the pair fought over his marriage to Meghan Markle.    The Prince said: "What was different here was the level of frustration, and I talk about the red mist that I had for so many years, and I saw this red mist in him. "He wanted me to hit him back, but I chose not to."  Harry went on to say that he did want reconciliation, and believed it was possible - but not without "some accountability". He added: "The truth, supposedly, at the moment, has been there’s only one side of the story, right? But, there’s two sides to every story." The trailer for the interview follows several bombshell revelations from the Prince's book, "Spare", which was not due to be released until Tuesday, January 10, but was accidentally published in Spain yesterday, enabling Express.co.uk to obtain a copy.   The teaser for the interview also saw Harry open up about his drug use, as mentioned in his book - including his use of cocaine and magic mushrooms. Interviewer Tom Bradby responded that the frank discussion of drugs in Harry's biography may "surprise people".  However, the Prince insisted that it was "important to acknowledge" these aspects of his life. When discussing the use of cocaine in the biography, the Prince said it "wasn't very fun".  In the book, the Prince alleges that William physically assaulted him, breaking his necklace and "knocking" him to the floor, leaving him with "bruises". His hopes of a reconciliation with the Prince of Wales may have been dashed by the statements he made about his brother, however. READ MORE: Prince Harry admits taking cocaine and mushrooms in Megxit memoir [REVEAL] Sources close to the royal family said Harry would "never be forgiven" for revealing the intimate details and would be branded a "traitor". A former royal staffer, who knew William and Harry while working in the household, said there would “never be a way back for Harry”. The source told the Mirror: “I believe he will never be forgiven. After everything he has said about privacy and intrusion, this is hard to comprehend. His words are so vicious and targeted. “I don’t doubt he still loves his father and his brother but it’s impossible to see how he won’t come to bitterly regret his decision to do this. He knows he will be labelled a traitor, by crossing a red line so many times, his father, his brother, the Princess (of Wales) and Camilla, it’s utterly extraordinary.” Other royal sources suggested William would be “devastated” by the book, one insider labelling it “an utter distortion of reality”. DON'T MISS: Harry used slur about Pakistani soldier due to ‘privileged' background [REVEAL]Firm's silence will make Harry's Megxit memoir 'shallow storyline' [INSIGHT]Prince Harry blasted by US media for 'whine tour'. [ANALYSIS] In other explosive claims, Harry wrote that then-Prince Charles used to joke about whether he was his "real father", following rumours Princess Diana had an affair with Major James Hewitt - adding that when his parents split, he and William begged Charles not to marry Camilla. He wrote he feared she would become his "wicked step-mother". The Duke of Sussex also claimed William pointed a finger at Meghan and called her “rude” after she said Kate, then pregnant with Prince Louis, must have “baby-brain” because of her hormones. He went on to accuse Kate and William of playing a key role in his much-derided decision to dress as a Nazi for a fancy dress party in 2005, suggesting they “howled” with laughter at his costume.