The majority of Brits think Prince Harry and his children should be removed from the line of succession, a new poll suggests. The exclusive Techne poll for the Express found 66 percent of respondents say the Duke of Sussex, Archie and Lilibet should not be in line to the throne. Just 18 percent said Prince Harry and his two children should maintain their places in the succession in the poll of 1,624 British adults carried out from January 25 to 26. Some 16 percent did not know. The Duke is living in California with Meghan Markle after quitting royal duties in 2020 but he remains fifth in line to the throne. His son Archie, three, is sixth in the succession, while one-year-old Lili is seventh. The polling found Tory and Labour voters were in agreement on the issue, with 65 percent and 66 percent respectively saying Harry should be taken out of the line of succession. Brexiteers and Remainers were also united, with 65 percent of Leavers and 67 percent of Remain backers saying yes. The poll comes after Harry plunged the Royal Family into a fresh crisis with his tell-all memoir Spare earlier this month. The tome lambasting the monarchy came hot on the heels of the Sussexes' six-hour Netflix marathon in December. The headline-grabbing autobiography, which has become the fastest-selling non-fiction book in history, includes a series of bombshell claims about the royals. He also expresses his frustration at being the spare to the heir, his anger at the UK media, his unresolved trauma over the death of his mother Princess Diana and his mental health struggles. Among the most explosive claims is that Prince William physically attacked him in a row over the Duchess of Sussex. Harry also confirms reports of a fractious friendship between Meghan and Kate. Meanwhile, the former soldier sparked a major backlash over his claim that he killed 25 Taliban fighters while serving in Afghanistan. He also makes admissions of drug-taking and recounts losing his virginity in excruciating detail. Harry gave a series of television interviews to promote the book, insisting he "would like nothing more" than for his children to have relationships with the Royal Family. His remarks about his son and daughter came despite the criticism he has levelled at his brother William, father Charles and stepmother Camilla. The controversial memoir comes after years of tensions between the Sussexes and the Royal Family following Megxit. The book has sparked fresh calls for Harry and Meghan to lose their royal titles and not be invited to the King's coronation in May. 