Last September car enthusiasts watched as Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May re-united for an icy adventure. However, it looks as though fans will have to wait a little longer to see them back on screen. The last time fans of The Grand Tour saw Jeremy, Richard and James come together was when they embarked on a cold adventure in the Arctic Circle. It was the first special of the fifth season with fans eager to see what the future episodes had in store. However, it’s been reported the new episodes with the trio won’t start filming until Autumn this year, meaning viewers will have to wait a while for the next instalments to air. It comes after the specials have been aired irregularly with the fourth season shown months apart following the show being filmed amid coronavirus restrictions. READ MORE:Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event An insider told The Sun: “Devotees might have been disappointed and worried about the sporadic delivery of the specials. But they can relax. “It owes more to the busy schedules of the hosts as well as the spectacular content which takes time to set up. But that does mean they’re unlikely to go out until 2024. “The producers are set to start on the shows within weeks and cameras will start rolling towards the autumn.” Although there was a seasonal special of The Grand Tour filmed, originally set for a Christmas release, the episode was never shown. When the show made its debut in 2016, the first three seasons had between 11 to 14 consecutive episodes shown. However, the fifth series has only had one special to date, called A Scandi Flick, which saw the three hosts tackling exciting motoring challenges and snowy races. Viewers witnessed frozen lake racetracks, ski resort chaos, Cold War submarine bases and even James May’s crash. Driving through a dimly lit tunnel at 75mph, the car enthusiast slammed the breaks too late and ended up colliding with a wall. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Sue Cleaver distracts viewers with transformation [REACTION] Shetland star confirms exit after Douglas Henshall quit [VIDEO] Vera's Brenda Blethyn opens up on transforming into DCI Stanhope [INSIGHT] Being helped out of the car, he was taken to the medics on site and lay on a stretcher for his injuries to be assessed. Luckily, the star only suffered from a broken rib and was given the all-clear to continue filming after having a brain scan. Speaking about his crash to LadBible, James admitted the collision was entirely his fault. He said: “Well, nothing is ever completely safe when you're doing competitive car stuff. “But no, I don't think it was a particularly unsafe idea. I think I just c**ked it up, to be honest. "There's no point trying to make any excuses for it. I just ballsed it up in a very uncharacteristic way. "It's supposed to be Hammond who crashes - and also Hammond was going third, and it's better for telly if the third one crashes.” The Grand Tour is available to watch on Amazon Video.