Stamford Bridge officials have been in Poland today to strike a deal with the Ukrainian club. Shakhtar have been demanding around £88m (€100m) as they see little difference in quality between Mudryk and Manchester City winger Jack Grealish, who was signed from Aston Villa for a similar fee 18 months ago. Arsenal wanted a structured agreement where they would pay a smaller fee up-front. But big-spending Chelsea are prepared to pay more in advance and have confirmed that they are discussing terms with Shakhtar. Mudryk will then be free to agree personal terms with the west Londoners. “Chelsea are discussing terms with Shakhtar Donetsk for the transfer of Mykhailo Mudryk,” a statement released on Saturday evening read. JUST IN: Arsenal target Mykhaylo Mudryk flying to UK for Chelsea medical “Should a deal be agreed between the two clubs then the Ukrainian international, who can operate as a winger or a forward, will discuss personal terms with the Blues ahead of a permanent transfer.” Mudryk had publicly made clear that he preferred a move to Arsenal over Chelsea. The attacker made several subtle hints on his social media channels that he wanted to join the north Londoners, including one as recently as Thursday. In a snap that to the naked eye just appeared to be a picture of a cat, Mudryk cleverly included a screen in the background that fans noticed was playing a YouTube video welcoming him to Arsenal. However, he now seems set to join Chelsea after Arsenal refused to meet the Blues' bigger offer. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta was coy on his side’s interest in Mudryk on Friday. The Spaniard gave a knowing smile before saying: “You know we cannot talk about any other players. DON'T MISS...Chelsea 'very close' to signing Mudryk as Arsenal target open to moveChelsea hijack Mykhaylo Mudryk to Arsenal transfer 'as £88m bid ready'Chelsea making Madueke offer gives away Boehly's Potter sack view “There are some interests in what we’d like to do to improve the team because we’re short in certain areas and with injuries that picked. We are trying and as a club We are trying to improve in every window.” Chelsea are now set to have spent almost £400m since the start of the summer transfer window. According to the Evening Standard, UEFA have placed them on a ‘watch list’ over their monstrous outlay. However, it is understood that the west Londoners, who have been under the ownership of the Boehly-Clearlake consortium since May, are not yet concerned about repercussions.