Russia targeted the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv with a fresh round of missile strikes in the last hours of 2022 - with one bearing a chilling “Happy New Year” message apparently scrawled on it by a Russian soldier. In total, 45 Iranian-made Shahed drones were downed overnight, although Kyiv Mayor Vitaliy Klitschko said nobody had been killed, unlike the previous night’s raids, which resulted in the death of at least one person. A picture of the Iranian drone was shared by Andriy Nebytov, chief of Kyiv's police, via the Telegram messaging app. He commented: “The fragments of the martyr are part of the nightly greeting from the "brotherly people" with a happy New Year!” Using a nickname for Russian troops, he added: “You can say cheap and tasteless! Real orc-style.” Mr Nebytov stressed: “And these wreckages are not at the front, where fierce battles are taking place, they are here, on the sports ground, where children play. “This is all you need to know about the terrorist state and its army. “We thank the air defence units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine for the excellent result. “Without your professional work, the morning would not be good. “I ask all citizens not to ignore the air alarm signal and always take shelter.” READ MORE: King Charles 'under pressure' to make key decisions in 2023 Mr Klitschko shared a picture of a bomb-damaged car, commenting: “Explosions in the Holosiivskyi and Shevchenkovskyi districts of the capital. “In Shevchenkivsk, a fragment of a rocket fell on a Volkswagen car and damaged the hood of the car. There are no victims or victims.” The raids did not deter Ukranians from celebrating although an 11pm curfew prevented them from doing so in the main square overnight. DON'T MISS:Letter from snowstorm ‘hero’ solves school smashed window mystery [REVEAL]North Korea fires three short range ballistic missiles [SPOTLIGHT]Shoplifting offences skyrocket in France as more seniors stealing [INSIGHT] Nevertheless, for several hours leading up to it, hundreds packed the streets, unfurling Ukrainian flags and taking selfies in front of a big Christmas tree in Sofia Square lit up in blue and yellow. US Ambassador to Ukraine Bridget Brink tweeted: 'Russia coldly and cowardly attacked Ukraine in the early hours of the new year. “But Putin still does not seem to understand that Ukrainians are made of iron.”