Members of Parliament will vote on new anti-strike legislation tonight, as the Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Bill is set to go through its final stages in the House of Commons. If it passes this evening, the Bill will move on to the House of Lords for scrutiny. This comes as the UK continues to be rocked by strikes across a range of critical sectors as a firefighters' strike was announced earlier.  Firefighters across the UK today voted to take strike action in a row over pay. More than 80 percent of Fire Brigades' Union members who voted backed strike action across England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland when they were balloted last month. Fire brigades have said the military will be called in to assist if the strike goes ahead, including the use of the army in Northern Ireland. Matt Wrack, general secretary of the union, said firefighters were compelled to take action because "they have faced a sustained attack on pay for more than a decade". But he said the government and local authority employers can stop the strikes from happening by "making a credible offer", adding: "The ball is in their court." The legislation, introduced earlier this month, will set "minimum safety levels" for several industries, limiting their ability to take industrial action. The Government has denied the laws will remove the right to strike, with Business Secretary Grant Shapps saying ministers "absolutely believe in the right to strike". But he said the Government is "duty bound" to protect the lives and livelihoods of the public. He continued: "We don't want to use this legislation but we must ensure the safety of the British public." The head of the Trades Union Congress, Paul Nowak, said if the Bill became law it would "prolong disputes and poison industrial relations - leading to more frequent strikes". He added: "This legislation would mean that when workers democratically vote to strike, they can be forced to work and sacked if they don't comply. "That's undemocratic, unworkable, and almost certainly illegal." Sir Keir Starmer said he would repeal the legislation if Labour came to power. The Labour leader said: "I don't think this legislation is going to work and I'm pretty sure they've had an assessment that tells them that. It's likely to make a bad situation worse." He said his party would evaluate what proposals the Government brings forward, continuing: "But if it's further restrictions, then we will repeal it."