In 2019 at Trooping the Colour, Meghan Markle could be seen turning around to chat with her husband Prince Harry, just before the National Anthem was played. However, the Duke of Sussex looked engrossed in conversation with Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank who were standing directly behind the Duchess of Sussex. As soon as the National Anthem began playing, Harry could be seen telling Meghan to "turn around", and again a second time when she tried to initiate a conversation again. This was so that the whole Royal Family were staring directly outwards from the balcony as they all honoured Her Late Majesty, Queen Elizabeth. The Duchess appeared to look quite upset when this interaction happened as she stared facing forward for the duration of the anthem. Judi James, a professional body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain how Meghan may have been feeling at this moment and also why Harry acted the way he did. READ MORE: Expert claims Harry 'begins to have doubts’ when discussing family  She claimed: "It’s easy to forget how much pressure Meghan might have felt herself to be under, coming from the US which has no Royal Family, and immersing herself in both her husband’s family and the more formal side of his lifestyle. "It sounds and looks from the Netflix shows as though their courtship involved some very free-wheeling and casual fun. "So events like the Trooping of the Colour might have even come as a bit of a shock to a woman who claims to have initially had little knowledge of skills like the curtsey." According to the body language expert, this moment is quite "odd" for the couple.   Judi suggested: "Odd then to see the body language in this clip. For some reason, Harry stands behind his wife on the balcony and appears to be turning to communicate with someone else rather than standing shoulder-to-shoulder beside Meghan to offer support and guidance. "The way she turns twice to connect with Harry suggests she might be feeling a bit isolated here and want to either include him or to be included in his conversations, but he doesn’t seem to step forward.  "He appears to reply the first time but the second time she turns, he performs the kind of widened eye-flash signal that might have warned her to face front for the anthem." According to Judi, the Duchess of Sussex's response to this is "obedient" which again is an odd body language moment from the couple. READ MORE: Inside Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's incredible car collection  The expert continued: "Meghan turns obediently but Harry doesn’t seem to take his own advice, standing back and not seeming to stand to front-on attention for the anthem. "It looks like an out-of-kilter moment from the couple who are normally so close, tactile and synchronised." The expert offered other reasons as to why Meghan's smile "dies". Judi opined: "Meghan’s smile does die but that could be a response to the anthem which, in both the UK and the US, would be taken with a very serious facial expression. "Her blink rate does seem to have speeded though, which is a gesture that can hint at either some upset or irritation." The Duchess of Sussex's appearance at Trooping the Colour was her first public appearance since the birth of her son Archie, attending the Queen’s birthday parade alongside the rest of the Royal Family. Looking elegant in navy, Meghan wore an ensemble by Clare Waight Keller of Givenchy, comprising a stylish cape coat and a navy and white contrast dress. Completed with a hat by Noel Stewart and a Givenchy mini pocket quilted bag, Meghan looked beautiful. 