Prince Harry's revelations of private conversations and moments with the Royal Family may well have seen his invite to the Coronation revoked, a report has claimed. King Charles’ Coronation is just 16 weeks away, which will also see Queen Camilla installed alongside her husband on May 6. Buckingham Palace announced that the historic ceremony will be held at Westminster Abbey in London. Despite hopes that the King may extend an olive branch to his youngest son, the Duke of Sussex, a source has claimed that the shocking allegations in Harry’s book may have destroyed his chances of attending. It has been reported that senior royals, including Princess Anne, 72, and Prince Edward, 58, are concerned his attendance will see private details about the occasion used in the public arena at a later date. A source told The Sun: “There have been discussions among the family, including Edward and Anne. “They do not want private conversations at the Coronation making it into the paperback edition of Spare.” READ MORE: Prince Harry claims father King Charles 'fell asleep' while working Insiders previously said the King was warned to stop taking phone calls from his youngest son and to instead ask him to email his assistant any requests amid fears of recording devices for the Netflix series. The concerns were proven to be rightly placed after the 38-year-old published the private text messages between Meghan Markle and the Princess of Wales about the row over bridesmaid’s dresses. Harry's Megxit memoir 'Spare' also makes public a number of conversations between the Prince and his aunt, the Princess Royal, his father, and his brother. Harry alleged he and William were arguing after Prince Philip’s funeral, which caused the future king and bereaved son to tell his children: “Please, boys, don’t make my final years a misery.” Do you think Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should be invited to the Coronation of King Charles? Share your thoughts in the comments section  In another section of the book, he prints the transcript of a telephone conversation with Charles, who had been informed that Queen Elizabeth was close to death. He claimed that he called his father, who “told me I was welcome at Balmoral, but…without her (Meghan). “He started to explain his reasons, but they didn’t make any sense at all, and it was disrespectful as well.” While the father-of-two may be hoping to reconcile with his family, it seems he has dashed his chances by breaking his family’s trust. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry interview blasted as ‘boring’ – YOUR VERDICT (POLL)Boris Johnson urged to return and ‘save the Conservative Party’ (INSIGHT)Over a third of dog owners feel regret or doubt after getting new pup (REVEAL) It has also been reported that Harry has “crossed Charles’ red line” after he attacked the Queen Consort, Camilla, by calling her a “villain” who was “in bed with the devil”, which is what he calls the press. The Prince claimed that Camilla leaked stories to the press in order to improve her own image. Meanwhile, the relationship between Harry and William has never seemed so fractured. The only member of the Royal Family who is known to be on good terms with both the Sussexes and the rest of the Firm is Princess Eugenie. It is thought that the final guest list for the coronation is yet to be drawn up. Express.co.uk has approached Buckingham Palace for comment.