As the opening Grand Slam in any calendar year, the Australian Open carries added significance for plenty of tennis fans. But it's the tournament's collection of crazy moments from its 118-year history that will stick in the minds of many. From a flooded Centre Court to champions celebrating with a dip in the nearby Yarra River, the competition is rarely far from its next headline moment. And Express Sport has gathered some of the greatest glimpses from the Grand Slam that could make one want to laugh, cry, or just scratch their heads. 1. John McEnroe breaks 27-year disqualification drought If there's one player who's a safe bet to land themselves in hot water as a result of running their mouth, John McEnroe always seemed like a safe investment during his career. And the former firebrand's feisty temper was on show for all to see at the 1990 Australian Open when his boisterous habits got him ousted from the running. Seven-time major champion McEnroe faced Mikael Pernfors in the fourth round hoping to end a six-year Grand Slam drought. However, the only duck he ended up breaking was a 27-year streak without any player being disqualified from a major competition following numerous outbursts against umpire Gerry Armstrong and other line staff, along with one cracked racquet. READ MORE Nick Kyrgios ramps up Novak Djokovic doubles pressure with latest message to Serb  2. Martina Hingis smashes age record at 16 Swiss superstar Martina Hingis was almost unrivalled in the infancy of her career, breaking boundaries en masse as she reached all four major finals before she'd turned 17 in 1997. And Melbourne was the first box to be checked that year as she defeated Mary Pierce 6-2, 6-2 in the Australian Open final. At 16 years and 117 days old, Hingis still holds the record as the youngest major champion in the Open Era. It's a shame the former prodigy was still two years shy of being allowed to mark the victory with some customary champagne, though future results stand as proof it didn't inhibit her in the slightest. 3. Centre Court flood A logistical nightmare rocked the Australian Open in 1995 when a partial power outage meant the system responsible for pumping water out of Melbourne Park failed. The result was a ground concern that went way beyond 'waterlogged' as Centre Court was instead left waist-high in the wet stuff. DON'T MISS  Rafael Nadal nearly missed Australian Open before breaking record in 'most exciting' final Novak Djokovic splits with physio in last-minute change ahead of Australian Open campaign Rafael Nadal and Iga Swiatek headline tennis event with mouthwatering £8.5m up for grabs    Andre Agassi and Aaron Krickstein's scheduled semi-final was delayed as a result, with organisers instead shifting their attention to drying Rod Laver Arena out overnight. Thankfully for fans and players alike, the electrical and pumping hardward in Melbourne is now far more resilient to water damage.  4. Jim Courier's Yarra river tradition One of the most iconic images in the Australian Open annals shows four-time Grand Slam-winner Jim Courier leaping in the nearby Yarra River after clinching his 2002 title. The American gladly repeated the feat after successfully defending his crown the following year, though Boris Becker was the first player to take the plunge following his 1991 triumph. 5. Justine Henin "thought she was going to die" Belgium's Justine Henin caused considerable alarm during the fourth round of the 2003 tournament when she was reduced to writhing about in agony on the floor of Rod Laver Arena. The scores were tied at one set apiece and 7-7 in the deciding leg against American Lindsay Davenport, but it was briefly in question as to whether she'd would be able to go on after suffering cramp in her leg. "I thought I was going to die but I played with my heart," said Henin—who went by Henin-Hardenne at the time—after she surged back to edge the final set 9-7. "I thought the match was over for me but I wanted to give everything I had." Henin went on to lose against eventual runner-up Venus Williams in that year's semi-finals.  6. Williams defeats sister to complete 'Serena Slam' It's easy to forget there was a time in tennis when the name 'Williams' dominated every corner of the sport. More specifically, sisters Serena and Venus were on the tip of everyone's tongue when they contested four straight Grand Slam finals against one another between 2002 and 2003. That quartet of major clashes concluded with the former beating her sister in January 2003 to complete the 'Serena Slam' and hold all four Grand Slam trophies at once. The Williams sisters are hardly the first sibling duo to succeed in tennis, though after winning 23 titles together and each holding world No. 1 status at some point, it's difficult to argue against them being the best of all time. 7. Nick Kyrgios wins with tweener serve It was only last year that Nick Kyrgios was up to his usual tricks with a worldwide audience watching. The Canberran is no stranger to outside-the-box thinking when stakes are high, but no-one, except perhaps him, was prepared for his audacious tweener serve in 2022. First-round opponent Liam Broady was evidently as surprised as anyone else as he proceeded to overhit a long return en route to a straight-sets defeat. The Briton was a good sport in defeat and said he didn't take the trick shot personally, though he'll be on higher alert should the pair meet on court again in future.