Kaleidoscope is riding high in the Netflix charts after the show dropped on the global streaming platform recently. The show is proving a hit with viewers given Netflix plays the episodes in a random order. Understandably, Kaleidoscope has made waves and fans are now eager to know about the future of the thriller. The show follows a group who steal a huge amount of cash after meticulously planning the robbery. Kaleidoscope takes place over the course of 25 years and Netflix has added a quirky feature which has intrigued viewers. So, the show isn’t told in a linear, chronological order with audiences becoming fully immersed in the story. The series, starring Better Call Saul and The Mandalorian’s Giancarlo Esposito, is loosely based on the real-life story involving the mysterious disappearance of seventy billion dollars in bonds from Downtown Manhattan during Hurricane Sandy in 2012. The show is billed as an “anthology” series which means there could be another series. However, it seems this particular story could be a one-off with any future seasons focusing on another heist or crime. With each episode, the audience’s opinion of the characters are likely to change given the show covers a period of 25 years. Previous examples of anthology series include American Horror Story, American Crime Story, Dirty John and The Haunting of Hill House. All of these shows follow a new story with some cast members returning in brand-new roles which have no relation to the previous seasons. The original series features an international cast which also includes Spanish star Paz Vega, Victoria actor Rufus Sewell, The 100's Tati Gabrielle, Peter Mark Kendall of The Americans fame and Egyptian actress Rosaline Elbay. Further cast members include Hemky Madera from Queen of the South and Hollywood star Jai Courtney. Any future seasons of Kaleidoscope could follow a similar format with cast members taking on fresh characters in any possible new stories.  A possible season two is likely to be released in one go with all episodes dropped as a boxset. Express.co.uk has approached Netflix for comment on the future of Kaleidoscope. Netflix will be looking at the audience figures carefully before making any renewal decisions and most recently has been even more discerning when cancelling and recommissioning its original series. Among the shows to be cancelled this year have been 1899 and animated series Inside Job with this list likely to grow. The streaming platform has become more stringent when it comes to green-lighting programmes amid growing competition within the video-on-demand field as more services are launched. In 2022, Netflix UK and Ireland also included a subscription tier including advertising as well as upping its pricing for subscriptions. Given the success of Money Heist, which has spawned a Korean spin-off as well as a Berlin prequel series, Kaleidoscope is in good company with heist shows. For now though, it looks like it will be a waiting game to see what Netflix does and if enough people have watched the show. Kaleidoscope is streaming on Netflix now