Prince Harry has laid bare how he lost his virginity in a field behind a pub at the age of 17. Detailing his first sexual encounter the Duke told of his "many mistakes". In the book, the Duke of Sussex writes: "I mounted her quickly, after which she spanked my a*** and sent me away. "One of my many mistakes was letting it happen in a field, just behind a very busy pub. No doubt someone had seen us." The Duke then recounted how a royal bodyguard had reportedly been sent by his father to "find out the truth" about what had happened. However, the royal bodyguard, known as Marko, had not in fact been sent to investigate Harry's sexual status but had reportedly been asked to investigate rumours that Harry had been taking illiicit drugs. The Duke wrote futher: "I suspected he was referring to my recent loss of virginity, a humilating episode with an older woman who liked macho horses and who treated me like a young stallion." As to who the woman is, Harry has not named the person in question. However, some theories abound, but none have been confirmed. READ MORE: Harry’s ‘betrayed’ claims doubted by broadcaster Dan Wootton This isn't the first time Harry has dropped allegations and claims in recent months. The Netflix documentary series, Harry and Meghan, features a number of claims from the Duke. In the final episode he goes into how he believes the press played a role in his wife's miscarriage. He blames the actions of news conglomerate Associated Newspapers, which owns the Daily Mail and Mail Online, for the miscarriage occurring. Harry and Meghan are currently in a court battle with the former over their reproduction in February 2019 of a letter than Meghan had sent to her father.    In the interview with Netflix, Harry said: "I believe my wife suffered a miscarriage because of what the Mail did. I watched the whole thing. "Now, do we absolutely know that the miscariage was caused by that? Of course we don't. But bearing in mind the stress that caused, the lack of sleep and the timing of the pregnancy - how many weeks in she was - I can say from what I saw, that miscarriage was created by what they were trying to do to her." Meghan added in the final episode of the series: "When I reveal things that are moments of vulnerability, when it comes to having a miscarriage and maybe having felt ashamed about that, like, it’s OK, you’re human, it’s OK to talk about that. "And I could make the choice to never talk about those things, or I could make the choice to say with all the bad that comes with this, the good is being able to help other people. That’s the point of life, right, is connection and community like that." Spare is available to buy from all bookshops and audiobook providers from January 10th. 