Nick Kyrgios could find himself in hot water ahead of the Australian Open after he was pictured riding an e-scooter without a helmet in Melbourne. Kyrgios is set to begin his Australian Open campaign on Tuesday against Roman Safiullin and spent Sunday afternoon relaxing in Melbourne with his girlfriend Costeen Hatzi. The 27-year-old was snapped riding a commercial hire e-scooter with Hatzi, while not wearing the provided helmet. Victoria Police laws, however, state that a helmet must be worn when using the vehicle, which can reach speeds of 20km/h. Kyrgios enters this year's Australian Open with concerns over his fitness, having pulled out of two warm-up events ahead of the tournament. However, he did put on a show in a charity exhibition match against Novak Djokovic on Friday and stated he feels confident about his chances of breaking his Grand Slam Duck and winning the Australian Open, having fallen short in last year's Wimbledon final when he was beaten by Djokovic. JUST IN: Nadal retires and Djokovic history as Zverev brothers make predictions "I am one of the best players in the world, so I'm definitely going to go into the Australian Open, any tournament, with confidence," Kyrgios said. "It's a bit different this time around [with me] being one of the favourites. Usually, I'm a dark horse type thing, but now, obviously, after the year I've had, I'm one of the favourites, so it's kind of new for me as well. "This is the first time I've genuinely gone into a Slam feeling like I'm one of the guys that can really take the trophy and knock on the door. DON'T MISSNadal addresses Zverev's retirement prediction before Australian OpenEmma Raducanu bats away ex-coach's claim before Australian OpenNadal concerns shot down with Aus Open defence on the line - EXCLUSIVE "I don't know what I'm going to be feeling when I get out there. Usually I've got nothing to lose and just putting on a show, but I've got to try to really find that balance. "Fourteen days to win one of these things is not easy. Obviously, I'm capable, but so many other people are capable as well."