Nationwide Building Society is offering savers an interest rate of up to five percent plus the chance to win an extra £250 in its competition prize draws. However, customers will only be able to get this top interest rate on savings up to £50 a month for a limited time period of two years.  Nationwide is offering one of the top interest rates of five percent a year on savings but only up to a certain amount. The Start to Save Issue 2 is Nationwide's regular savings account designed to help people start saving up to £50 a month. Customers who put away money regularly will be entered into the building society's £250 prize draw. READ MORE: The 'hottest' most financially rewarding jobs in the UK in 2023 The chances of winning money in the prize draw are quite favourable - Nationwide said the chance of winning is between one in 34 and one in 67, depending on how big the prize fund is. Prize draws will take place on February 21, 2023, August 22, 2023 and February 20, 2024 and winners will be selected at random with each receiving £250. Nationwide stated: “If you increase your balance by more than £50 in a month running up to a prize draw, you will not be entered for that prize draw.” “If you take money out of your account during a calendar month, then you may need to pay some or all of it back in. For example, if your account balance is £100 at the beginning of the calendar month and you then take out £25, you'll need to pay in at least £50 [back in] to increase the balance to at least £125 by the end of the calendar month.” DON'T MISSState pension age fear - ‘Wait until 70 and get less cash than today' [WARNING]Pensioners could get an extra income boost up to £183 a week [ALERT]UK vs Europe - how does your pension income compare [INSIGHT] Rachel Springall, finance expert at Moneyfacts said: “Those savers looking to ignite their savings habit may wish to open a fixed term regular savings account where they can make monthly payments towards a specific goal. "The Start to Save Issue 2 from Nationwide Building Society may be an enticing choice as not only will savers earn a competitive variable rate, but they can also take part in the savings prize draw." "The entry into the prize draw is subject to their monthly deposits so it's important they check all the terms and conditions before they open an account.” Interest rates are continuing to rise but experts are warning that savers are "unlikely to see any large increase overnight".   Lucinda O’Brien, a personal finance expert from money.co.uk recommends people move their cash to a high interest account at a fixed rate. She told Express.co.uk: “Any savers who don’t move their money to the highest interest rate savings account will be missing out. “It’s important to note, the highest rates will often be found in fixed-rate savings accounts, which is not ideal for those who may need to dip into their savings over the next few months due to the current cost of living." Meanwhile, the M Plus Saver is currently offering 2.52 percent variable on balances up to £25,000, which provides savers with more flexibility.  This is an easy access account so people can take money out whenever they need to. Savers can also benefit from Virgin Money rewards if they download the bank’s dedicated app. The M Plus Saver has one of the best easy access rates currently available for savers. People can start saving straight away, as there is no minimum pay-in amount with this account. 