Matt Tebbutt cooked alongside both old and new guests on Saturday Kitchen on BBC One, including Gemma Ogston. He also welcomed back Theo Randall for his 50th appearance on the show. With Strictly Come Dancing star Oti Mabuse, he was accused by viewers of giving her special treatment. After Theo made his simple meatball dish from his new recipe book, he and Matt let the other guests try the dish. As he handed Oti her plate, he said: "Here you are, darling." Oti, who was sporting a bright yellow suit, had just flown in from South Africa ahead of the show. She was on air to talk about the new series of Dancing on Ice on ITV, as she will be appearing as a judge. READ MORE: BBC viewers slam Naga Munchetty for 'car crash' Ed Milliband grilling Viewers felt it was not the first time Matt referred to the dancer as "darling" during the show. @gloriaguildford said: "#saturdaykitchen Beginning to get a little annoyed that Matt keeps calling Oti darling. He doesn’t normally do this." @EggyBre79751204 added: "Matt's definitely been told to stop calling Oti darling - I personally see nothing wrong with it. "But then again, maybe it's an age thing #SaturdayKitchen." @Boppity_Boo34 said: "Not just me who’s noticed Matt is calling Oti darling a lot then #SaturdayKitchen." @Cogs39 did not seem to mind the remarks, saying: "My girl crush on Oti Mabuse continues.  @mr_chambers_ added: "I love Oti, she’s like one great big ray of sunshine! #SaturdayKitchen." DON'T MISS... Jack Deam has stepped down from Father Brown as Inspector MallorySaturday Kitchen's Matt Tebbutt suffers Christmas dinner disaster Saturday Kitchen host Matt Tebbutt talks 'fear' over Naga Munchetty Joking that Oti was showing Matt up on the show, @itsagift15 said: "Matt looks a bit knackered today bless him especially next to Oti #SaturdayKitchen." Oti discussed her idea of food heaven and food hell as she expressed her hate for mushrooms and risotto. She had hoped Matt would make her the 'heaven' dish, which was mackerel with sweet potato. During the segment, she helped him make a green Thai chicken curry and was nervous, to begin with. Not knowing whether she was preparing the ingredients in the correct way, she looked to Matt for reassurance. He kindly told her she was doing a great job as she threw the ingredients into the blender. Matt had to intervene as the blender stopped working properly, but the dancer was soon back on track with the preparation. Viewers noticed after a while, Matt referred to the choreographer by her name, rather than "darling".  Saturday Kitchen airs on BBC One on Saturdays from 10am.