For much of the fifth season of Hulu’s acclaimed drama, former Handmaid June Osborne (played by Elisabeth Moss) and her nemesis Serena Joy Waterford (Yvonne Strahovski) found themselves at a crushing stalemate. Although June’s resistance was aided by government agent Mark Tuello (Sam Jaeger), some fans of The Handmaid’s Tale think he allowed her to get away with too much despite her previous crimes. Viewers have been baffled by Tuello’s motives regarding Serena during the latest instalment of The Handmaid’s Tale. Following the murder of her husband Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes), the agent is planted to grill her for information against Gilead. Tuello had to use all the means at his disposal to gain intel which could eventually help dismantle the oppressive state. However, some fans were left confused by Tuello’s tactics, which mainly consisted of going soft on her and allowing certain concessions. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Redditor CrinoTheLord recently posted: “Is he forgetting that he's talking to and dealing with a founding mother of Gilead? “[She’s] still flaunting her religious conservative beliefs and condoning Gilead's actions oh so proudly. “I simply don't get it. The sight of these two in a scene together boils my blood at this point. They're insufferable and unwatchable.” Tuello’s allegiances at this point in the season were clearly confusing to some, as his demeanour towards Serena was amiable and even charming despite her history of abuse. Although the Gilead founder is just as culpable for the offences against June, Serena is allowed to walk free and flaunt her position on live TV, infuriating June. “[Tuello] never tells her what she should hear or holds her accountable in any way shape or form,” the post continued. “[He] does the most to protect this snake and for what? I'm convinced that he's trying to get in her pants because I can not find any other rational explanation. “She's the most evil antagonist I've ever seen in any piece of media. She makes Satan look like Mother Teresa.” (sic) DON'T MISS:Yellowstone boss casts Morgan Freeman for new drama [NEWS]Power’s Naturi Naughton sends touching tribute to co-star [COMMENT]Lockwood & Co trailer teases Bridgerton star’s new role [VIDEO] Due to Serena’s hypocritical worldview and constant, smug berating of June, Serena has even surpassed Fred for some fans as one of TV’s most hated villains of the past few years. Despite this, Tuello often appeared to be harbouring feelings for her which were, thankfully, never reciprocated. “I can't even understand how he is manipulated by her,” the post went on. “She's apparently entitled to her rights now which she has taken away from a whole country's worth of women.” “But he will bend over backwards for her demands, despite his full knowledge of the breaches of international law and crimes against humanity that she's allowed and participated in. “He claims to be on no one's side, but he seems to care very little for June or her delivery to justice while doing the most for that demon.” Other fans reminded the viewer Tuello was planted as a mole to sweet-talk Serena out of vital information but did his methods really achieve the best results for the resistance? The Handmaid’s Tale seasons 1-5 are available to stream on Prime Video and Channel 4.