Alec Baldwin could be handed a maximum sentence of 18 months as a US legal expert claimed prosecutors want to "throw the book" at the Hollywood star. New Mexico prosecutors confirmed on Thursday they will be charging Baldwin with involuntary manslaughter after he accidentally killed cinematographer Halyna Hutchins. Former federal prosecutor Neama Rahmani said he was surprised by the decision of his New Mexico colleagues and suggested they will seek to make an example of the Hollywood actor. He said: "I don't think this case would've been prosecuted if the defendant wasn't named Alec Baldwin. "I would not have prosecuted it. They're trying to throw the book at Baldwin and make an example out of him." Rahmani argued the charge is unjustified "unless they have evidence that hasn't yet been publicly reported." He warned Baldwin could face the maximum sentence should he be convicted but said he has a "strong defence". The former prosecutor forecast the actor will try to push the case to trial in his bid to safeguard his career. JUST IN: Halyna Hutchins' family say 'no one is above law' as Alec Baldwin is charged over shooting He told People the decision to pursue charges was "aggressive" while later noting the armourer of the film, who was also charged, is "dead to right." Head Armourer Hannah Gutierrez-Reed was in charge of preparing the weapons Baldwin was going to be using on the set of Rust, including the one ultimately used in the killing of Hutchins. Rahmani suggested Gutierrez-Reed is likely to be handed a full-term sentence and offered a bleaker prediction when speaking to The US Sun. He said: "Her job was to make sure everything was safe on set, cleaning the weapons, inspecting them [...] reportedly, there were folks on set engaging in target practice during their breaks. READ MORE: Piers Morgan blasts 'arrogant' Alec Baldwin for 'playing victim' after manslaughter charge DON'T MISS... Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [INSIGHT] Gina Lollobrigida's ex toyboy sits alongside her son at Rome funeral [NEWS] Jamie Lee Curtis sets record straight after 'upsetting' Instagram post [COMMENT] "He relied on the professionals with whom he worked, who assured him the gun did not have live rounds." In addition to Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed facing charges, assistant director Dave Halls struck a plea deal for the charge of the negligent use of a deadly weapon after handing the gun that killed Hutchins to the Hollywood star. Hutchins' family welcomed the Santa Fe District Attorney's Office for its decision to pursue charges against Baldwin and Gutierrez-Reed. Brian Panish, who represents the cinematographer's family, said: "We want to thank the Santa Fe Sheriff and the District Attorney for concluding their thorough investigation and determining that charges for involuntary manslaughter are warranted for the killing of Halyna Hutchins with conscious disregard for human life. "Our independent investigation also supports charges are warranted. It is comfort to the family that, in New Mexico, no one is above the law. We support the charges."