One of two dogs belonging to a shooting victim ran home to alert his family, an inquest heard yesterday. Stephen Washington, aged 59, was one of five people shot dead by Jake Davison in an atrocity in Keyham, Plymouth, when he was walking his two dogs, Poppy and Drift. Poppy, a husky cross, returned home to alert Mr Washington's wife of nearly 40 years Sheila. Mrs Washington had become worried as her spouse, who had gone out without his phone, keys or wallet, hadn't returned from the walk after some time, reports Plymouth Live. But Davison had gunned down the man, as well as Kate Shepherd 66, Maxine Davison, 51, three-year-old Sophie Martyn, and her father, Lee Martyn, aged 43, in the horror in August 2021. The inquest into all five deaths, held at Plymouth, Torbay and South Devon Coroner’s Court, heard Mr Washington had told his wife: "See you in a bit. Won’t be long," when he left the family home with the pets. Speaking at the inquest, Mrs Washington said she was "still finding it hard to come to terms" with what happened and she added she "never could I imagine I could lose him in such a horrendous circumstance". A photo of Mr Washington, lovingly holding a dog in his hands, was shown in court as she spoke. Mr Washington, who had grandchildren with her partner, said Mr Washington was born in Surrey in 1961 and two weeks later he was fostered. He was adopted by his foster family and had no other contact with his biological parents for the rest of his life. He did later find out that he had siblings but only because he began to search his family tree online. His adoptive parents, Eric and Joy, had fostered around 100 children and had a child of their own. After leaving school at 16, he became a delivery driver while Sheila was a nanny and on December 3, 1983 the couple married at Guildford registry office. Over the next few years, they had four children and in 1990, Mr Washington became a baggage handler at Heathrow Airport. In 1994, they moved to Keyham, Plyymouth, to be closer to Mrs Washington's mother and brother in Cornwall and they watched their children grow up in the area. Both Mr and Mrs Washington began to suffer arthritis but hers was far worse and he became her carer. She described Mr Washington as a "real family man" and he would enjoy spending his time with his grandchildren.  He would walk their dogs three times a day, picking different routes and on the day in question he prepared to take them at 3.30pm on separate leads. His final words to his wife were "see you in a bit - won't be long". As these were short walks he would not take his keys or wallet or any form of identification. Sheila told the court that a few minutes later she "heard bangs" but said this was not that unusual as you would often hear loud sounds around that area, sometimes involving children. Ten minutes after Washington had left, there was banging sounds on her door and then scratching. Mrs Washington opened the door to find Poppy, still on her lead, racing into the house. As she stood there shaking, Mrs Washington said she heard sirens. She initially asked her granddaughter who was at the property to look for Mr Washington. When they returned it took 20 minutes for them to calm down as she was "in hysterics". They had gone to a road which was cordoned off and asked members of the public what had happened and was told a man and a woman had been involved. Mrs Washington asked for her son to go and look for his dad. When he returned 20 minutes later he explained that he had spoken to officers at the top of Royal Navy Avenue asking if they had seen a man and a grey husky dog. They told him to return home and if they had still not heard from Mr Washington to call 999. As a family, they waited until 7.50pm and called 999, with Mrs Washington saying she was "increasingly worried" and paced the house. At around 10.55pm there was a knock on the door and they opened it to find two plain clothes police officers at her door who broke the tragic news to her and her family. The following day she met the police's Family Liaison Officer and was finally reunited with their second dog Drift. The inquest continues.  