William Shatner, 91, was all smiles as he took to the red carpet with his ex-wife Elizabeth Martin, 64, at the Living Legends Aviation Awards 2023. The Star Trek legend had divorced his former flame in 2020. The pair separated after 18 years of marriage in February 2019 and their divorce was finalised a year later. William and his fourth wife were pictured on the red carpet arm-in-arm in Beverley Hills last Friday. The event, which was hosted by John Travolta, marked the actor's contributions to aerospace. It was reportedly the pair's first red carpet appearance since the couple reunited. READ MORE: Amanda Abbington's plea as star says agonising pain is 'killing me' The legend received the Aviation Inspiration and Patriotism Award for being the oldest person to travel to space when he flew on Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin in 2021. In a candid chat, he told the Mirror: "My wife… she is the zest of life. She brings the flavour." The pair then discussed how best he should describe that "spice". William suggested: "Mustard?" before Elizabeth corrected him and said: "Cinnamon." According to reports, William kept the bulk of his ff his $100million (£80million) estate and Star Trek royalties and paid Elizabeth a lump sum of $2million (£1.6million) due to his iron-clad prenuptial agreement. Express.co.uk has contacted William Shatner's representatives for further comment. William found love with horse trainer Elizabeth, who was 27 years his junior, and the pair married in 2001. Three years after his health scare, William’s marriage to Elizabeth seemed to be on the rocks.  DON'T MISS... Sylvia Syms dies aged 89 as Ex-EastEnders star's family share news[LATEST]Gwyneth Paltrow's lookalike daughter Apple in rare first interview[INSIGHT]Piers Morgan brands Alan Cumming 'pathetic' after OBE return[TWITTER] It was reported that they were living apart in 2019 and they divorced a year later. He claimed to harbour no ill-feeling towards his former partner of 18 years despite rumours of a messy divorce. The Captain Kirk actor has tied the knot four times and his first marriage was to Gloria Rand, a Canadian actress, who starred in four TV shows in the Fifties. They tied the knot in 1956 and had three daughters - Leslie, Lisabeth and Melanie. The couple split when he filmed the final season of Star Trek: The Original Series and they divorced by the time the show ended in 1969. Four years after William's divorce, he tied the knot for a second time marrying Marcy Lafferty and they were together for 23 years - the longest of all his marriages - before they split in 1996. William’s two-year marriage in 1997 to ex-model Nerine Kidd, was cut short by her death in 1999. The actor later found love with Elizabeth who has reunited with years after their divorce.