Ghislaine Maxwell offered no apology to the victims of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein as she addressed her relationship with the disgraced millionaire and Prince Andrew in an upcoming interview. Maxwell, who is currently serving a 20-year sentence at FCI Tallahassee for trafficking girls to Epstein, argued his victims should already "have some closure" thanks to the judicial process that investigated Epstein's conduct before his death. In previews of the interview, Maxwell also claimed New York authorities "allowed" Epstein to kill himself whilst in custody, and questioned the veracity of a picture of the Duke of York with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. Asked to address Epstein's victims in the upcoming interview, the disgraced socialite said: "I say that Epstein died and they should take their disappointment and upset out on the authorities who allowed that to happen. "And as I said I hope they have some closure by the judicial process that took place." The FBI first began investigating Epstein in 2005 after allegations emerged claiming the millionaire had paid several girls to perform sexual acts with him. He later pleaded guilty to a state charge of procuring a girl below 18 for prostitution and was handed an 18 months sentence in 2008. Epstein was arrested once again on sex trafficking charges in July 2019. JUST IN: 'Bitter' Harry told he must cave to King and William as Sussexes begin to lose US support Epstein was placed on suicide watch for six days on July 23 after being found injured and semiconscious in his cell at the Metropolitan Correction Center in New York. The disgraced millionaire's lifeless body was found in his cell on August 10 but he was confirmed dead in what authorities classified as an apparent suicide. In the interview with TalkTV's Jeremy Kyle, Maxwell also expressed her personal doubts about the veracity of a picture allegedly showing Prince Andrew with his accuser Virginia Giuffre. Giuffre alleged to have been trafficked by Epstein and have been forced to have sexual intercourse with the Duke of York when she was underage. Prince Andrew has repeatedly and vehemently denied the accusations, claiming to Newsnight in 2019 he had “no recollection of ever meeting this lady, none whatsoever." READ MORE: Meghan and Harry brace for Hollywood snub over Netflix faux pas  Giuffre also directly dismissed accusations about the photo being a fake during an interview with Panorama. She said: "I think the world is getting sick of these ridiculous excuses. It’s a real photo. I’ve given it to the FBI for their investigation and it’s an authentic photo. "There's a date on the back of it from when it was printed.” The photo, showing the Duke of York with his arm around Giuffre and a beaming Maxwell in the background, was taken at the heiress's London home in March 2001 after a night out at Tramp nightclub, Giuffre claimed. The Duke of York last year settled a civil sexual assault case lodged by Giuffre for an undisclosed amount. He makes no admission of liability.