With rising energy bills and temperatures dropping below zero at night, keeping warm can be hard. However, an expert has said many homes fall below the “optimum temperature” which could put residents at risk of several health issues. Not heating your home could also result in damp and mould issues arising, which can also contribute to health problems. Dr Quinton Fivelman PhD, Chief Scientific Officer at London Medical Laboratory, said: “Soaring energy bills have left many of us struggling to find the money to heat our homes this winter. “However, it’s vital that we keep them warmed to around 18C is possible. If our homes drop to 16C or lower, we are putting ourselves at risk of major health problems, particularly for those people with pre-existing health conditions or over the age of 65. “Research published by Oxford University’s Environmental Change Institute has found that 18C to 21C is the ideal temperature for a living room, and when temperatures start to vary from this level, health risks begin to increase.” If your home is below 9C, there is a risk of hypothermia, and below 12C, there is a risk of strokes and heart attacks. READ MORE: Steps to prepare walls for priming to achieve a ‘professional’ finish Not only this, these temperatures are also the perfect conditions for damp to occur and mould to grow. The expert added: “However, many UK homes fall below the optimum temperature. The English House Condition Survey, conducted by housing expert Richard Moore, found 28 percent of UK homes had cold living rooms (16C or below) and 44 percent of homes had cold hallways. “These are temperatures associated with danger to health and physiological discomfort.” To help Britons stay warm without increasing their heating bills by hundreds of pounds, an expert has shared hacks to keep your home as warm as possible. DON'T MISS:Four ‘clever’ methods to ‘boost’ your home’s value [COMMENT]Brilliant ‘homemade fox repellent’ to keep animals out of your garden [INSIGHT]‘Best’ product to clean oven racks without ‘scrubbing' [EXPLAINER] David Miloshev, Certified Electrician from Fantastic Services, said: “There are a surprising amount of clever little tricks you can use to keep yourself warmer and your bills lower. I’ve gathered some of the best ones for you to bear in mind.” This included making use of blinds and curtains which many people have already on their windows. It doesn’t use any electricity and may make a huge difference to the heat inside the home. The expert said: “Keep your blinds and curtains open during the hours of the day when the sun is shining towards your windows and close them when it starts to set." By letting the rays of sunshine into your home, you are taking advantage of the free solar heat. READ MORE: Four bathroom decor choices to avoid - can look ‘cheap’ and ‘messy’ “Closing the curtains and blinds afterwards helps create a good insulating layer and lets you keep that free warmth you’ve gathered throughout the day.” If looking to invest in a pair of new curtains, make sure you purchase thick ones because they will stop the heat from escaping, especially if you have draughty windows. According to Safe Style Windows, around 18 percent of the total heat within a house is lost through the windows and so making sure to try and reduce this will make a huge difference. B&Q also recommended keeping the curtains closed. They explained: “Remember, the heavier the curtain, the better its insulating effect. In general, lined curtains offer greater insulation than non-lined.” Households could also manage heat loss by layering curtains over blinds or shutters so if you have this combination, make sure they are both closed during the day. Homeowners should make sure they are keeping their homes ventilated too, which could mean cracking a window open slightly to allow some air flow. The boiler expert added: “If the heating is turned up really high and then turned off suddenly, moist air is more likely to build up. As dramatic temperature changes can make condensation worse, try adjusting the temperatures of your heating gradually - a couple of degrees every half an hour. “Energy bills are always one of a homeowners biggest outgoings during the winter months, and whilst the above advice can contribute to higher energy usage, causing damage to your home with damp will cost you a lot more in the long run.”