The Yorkshire Shepherdess Amanda Owen, her husband Clive Owen and their nine children had been the stars of Our Yorkshire Farm since 2018. A lot has changed over the years though and the former model is now going out on her own with her own series. Express.co.uk has all there is to know to watch Amanda Owen's Extraordinary Farming Lives. Amanda Owen's Extraordinary Farming Lives is going to be making its debut on Wednesday, January 25, at 9pm on More4. The series is going to be made up of six episodes in total with a new instalment coming out every Wednesday night in the same time slot. As long as there are no shake-ups to the schedule, the final episode will air on Wednesday, March 1. It is thought the series is also going to be made available on More4's streaming service All4 as well. READ MORE: Eamonn Holmes brands Andrew’s silence over Eugenie baby news 'cruel' In Amanda Owen's Extraordinary Farming Lives, she will visit a number of farms that have diversified in order to mak ea living, highlighting the challenges that come with trying to run a successful farm in modern times. She will see what makes each of the farms tick, getting to know those who work behind them. Amanda will visit farms which have been passed through generations and farmers who are new to rural life, as well as those who face obstacles caused by the coronavirus pandemic. Amanda will give viewers an insight into the industry from across the country. Opening up on the premise of her new series, Amanda said: “This series will show what life’s really like for farmers in 2022. "To the outside world, it might seem like some farmers have it made, with large plots of land and expensive machinery but, as ever, the truth is much more complex. “I want to explore just what it means to be a farmer today, in a world where so much more is expected of us than ‘just’ being food providers. "Along the way I know I’m going to meet some extraordinary, dedicated people and hear some incredible stories in the most beautiful of settings.” DON'T MISS...Bradley Walsh issues apology as son Barney skips The One Show [APOLOGY] Amanda Owen blasts Brexit as she unveils damage caused to farming [OPINION]Amanda Owen gives update on Clive Owen split  [UPDATE] The synopsis for episode one reads: "The famous shepherdess visits farms across the country and immerses herself in the day to day lives of the farmers, starting in Shetland. "Kirsty and Aimee own a coastal farm at the northernmost tip of the UK and welcome Amanda to come join them to learn what it's like cattle farming in such an isolated setting and to give her a taste of Shetland fare." Fans of Our Yorkshire Farm first met the 48-year-old when she and her family's show on Channel 5 started five years ago. They resided together on the stunning Ravenseat Farm, showcasing how they balanced family life with working on the land in North Yorkshire. Amanda quickly gained a huge following with viewers loving her no-nonsense approach. Of course, there has been a lot of changes during this time, including the breakdown of her 22-year marriage to Clive Owen. Their split meant the end of Our Yorkshire Farm but the start of Amanda's new show. Amanda Owen’s Extraordinary Farming Lives starts on Wednesday, January 25, at 9pm on More4.