Angelina Jolie, 47, and Paul Mescal, 26, went out for a coffee after his West End performance in A Streetcar Named Desire. The pair were seen putting on a cosy display in social media photos snapped by a fan, whilst being joined by the Mr And Mrs Smith actress’ daughter, Shiloh, 16, at the cafe in the Almeida theatre in London. Paul stars as Stanley Kowalski in the Tennessee Williams drama, which is directed by Rebecca Frecknall. Angelina and Paul’s outing comes after rumours claimed the Normal People actor had broken up with singer Phoebe Bridgers, 28, over two years after they were first reported two be dating. Fans of the pair were quick to take to Twitter to express their surprise over their alleged split, with some stating they “couldn’t handle” the news. Restlessmoonrry said: “I saw phoebe Bridgers and Paul mescal trending on Twitter and was so excited and good god I’ve never been so shot down in my entire life after clicking their names.” (Sic) MrMarcMarmeto added: “As both a Phoebe Bridgers and Paul Mescal fan I’m not sure how I will recuperate. I might have to rewatch ‘Normal People’ and listen to ‘Punisher’ for the 67th time.” Biscuitb***h19 tweeted: “Phoebe bridgers and Paul mescal did not break up they will stay together forever stop manifesting an alternate reality bc I can’t handle it.” (Sic) Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Phoebe, Paul, and Angelina for comment. To many, Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt were the ultimate Hollywood power couple, but they split in 2016 after 12 years together. Last year, the actress claimed that the separation was for the sake of her six children's welfare as she spoke out on the highly-publicised breakup. "I separated for the wellbeing of my family. It was the right decision," she insisted. She told Vogue Global Network: "I continue to focus on their healing." She and Brad are biological parents to Shiloh, Vivienne and Knox, but are also parents to their three adopted children - Maddox, Pax and Zahara. DON'T MISSStacey Dooley details ‘chaotic’ day she found out she was pregnant [LATEST]Jeremy Renner in 'critical but stable condition' after hospital dash [NEWS]Rod Stewart, Penny Lancaster and the Beckhams celebrate New Year's Day [INSIGHT] The actress explained: "Some have taken advantage of my silence, and the children see lies about themselves in the media, but I remind them that they know their own truth and their own minds." The former Hollywood couple have been apart for six years, but sadly, the split still seems to be looming large in the background for them, after Brad announced his intention to sue her. The star has claimed that Angelina sought to "inflict harm" on him intentionally, whilst damaging the reputation of their co-owned wine brand, by selling shares to a "stranger with poisonous associations and intentions". The pair had bought the French company, Chateau Miraval, for an undisclosed sum that sources have estimated at $25 million. As part of the purchase, they received a vast home and vineyard in Correns, France, which was the site of their 2014 wedding. However, it all turned sour for the couple after just two years of marriage, and they divorced. Angelina still had a 50 percent stake in the company when she sold her shares to a spirits manufacturer controlled by a Russian oligarch. Brad argues that the decision has damaged the reputation of the business, and has blasted her decision to sell without his consent. Documents filed by his legal team stated: "Jolie pursued and then consummated the purported sale in secret, purposely keeping Pitt in the dark, and knowingly violating Pitt's contractual rights."