Newcastle defender Kieran Trippier was brutally ignored by his Magpies team-mates after making his competitive debut for the club last year, which saw them fall to an embarrassing home defeat at the hands of Cambridge United in the FA Cup. Trippier has emerged as one of Newcastle's most important assets over the last 12 months and is expected to play a major role in helping them to secure a top-four finish in the Premier League at the end of the campaign. Tripper managed to get off to the worst possible start at Newcastle, though, by making his debut in a humiliating FA Cup third-round defeat against Cambridge at St James' Park last January. Joey Ironside's second-half winner secured a famous win for the visitors, who were sitting in mid-table in League One at the time, and condemned Newcastle to a miserable exit in front of their own fans in spite of Trippier's arrival at right-back.The England defender had signed for Newcastle just one day earlier and was blanked by several of his team-mates when he asked them to applaud the home supporters after the full-time whistle. A number of players simply ignored Trippier and trudged off down the tunnel, although some substitutes remained on the pitch to clap their fans alongside manager Eddie Howe and his backroom team.The incident capped off a nightmare debut for Tripper, who has since managed to assert himself as a leading figure in the Newcastle squad as a result of his impressive performances on the right-hand side of the pitch. He scored two free-kicks in his first four games prior to suffering a foot injury that kept him on the treatment table until the end of last season, with the 32-year-old returning to the fold against Burnley on the final day. JUST IN: Tottenham 'working on Qatar investment deal' as Levy meets PSG chief Trippier has since been picked to start every match in the Premier League for Newcastle over the course of the current campaign and has provided four assists and a goal in the process. He also now wears the captain's armband for the Magpies and recently insisted that he is hugely excited about what the future holds for him on Tyneside, with Newcastle firmly in the hunt to qualify for next season's Champions League as things stand."You see the new owners, new players coming in and it is a new journey," Tripper told Chronicle Live. "The fans are believing again and rightly so. Newcastle is a massive club and people can't forget that. We're back and going toe-to-toe with the big teams, we want to make the fans and the club proud. "It all comes from the manager, it came from his first pre-season where he wanted to stamp his authority on the way he wants to play. Team bonding and togetherness, that is so important. Signings have helped, of course, but we have a great squad of characters, we all believe and are all like a family and that is important that we are all on the same page."It remains to be seen how Trippier will fare between now and the end of the campaign as Newcastle look to stay in the Premier League's top four, with the Magpies having lost just one game all season. They managed to hold leaders Arsenal to a goalless draw last time around but will face plenty more stern tests over the coming months, with matches against Liverpool, Manchester City, Brighton and Fulham also on the horizon. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.