Ryan Cawood (played by Rhys Connah) was there to witness his father's escape and had front-row seats to the event, just as Tommy (James Norton) planned. Now fans have been theorising what could go down in the tense finale of the BBC series, but not even the Happy Valley cast know what to expect after multiple endings have been filmed. The highly anticipated finale is set to air on Sunday, February 5 with fans predicting an explosive showdown between Tommy and Catherine Cawood (Sarah Lancashire). However, it has been revealed not even the cast knows how it is going to end, according to Amit Shah who plays drug-dealing pharmacist Faisal. Speaking on the podcast, Obsessed with... Happy Valley, he explained: "I still don't know how it all ends up for him because we filmed the final scenes in various different ways." Faisal is in a heap of trouble as it is with his drug-dealing business beginning to unravel, but he has more to contend with now after he murdered Joanna Hepworth (Mollie Winnard) in a fit of rage. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star During the last episode, Joanna's husband Rob Hepworth (Mark Stanley) was questioned by the police after her parents reported her missing. However, after a comment was made about a suitcase in their garage, Rob became suspicious and soon found his wife's dead body curled in the suitcase in question. Amit added of Faisal's latest scenes: "I think he's going through that weird transition period. When the collision happens and he realises it's Rob like a switch goes in his head. "He thinks, 'Okay, I can either be Faisal from before or I can take control of the situation'. It's just a different him." Also during the latest episode, two of Kneževićs men provided a distraction outside the court loud enough for Tommy's security team to be pulled away. He jumped the glass box and made a break for it out of the court and down the road where he dipped into an unmanned convenience store. Out the back, a bike and cycling gear was waiting for him before he was able to slip out and ride straight past the police as they continued their search for him. There have been many theories provided by fans as to how they think the series is going to end, many including a death of a prominent character. DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [INSIGHT]Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive [LATEST]Emmerdale double exit as Jeff Hordley speaks out on Cain 'killing' [WATCH] Chris Dignall tweeted: "My prediction is Tommy-Lee Royce attempts to kill Catherine Cawood and Ryan Cawood intervenes and ends up killing TLR. @jginorton @SarahLancsUK #HappyValley." Damo added: "I’m calling it. Tommy will Attack Catherine and Alison will kill him then cradle Catherine just like she did to her as the credits roll #HappyValley #BBC." Cicely Amelia predicted: "I really think that Tommy Lee Royce is going to kill Catherine and then Ryan will kill Tommy. #HappyValley." Rob theorised: "I think Ryan will get badly injured whilst trying to kill his Dad. Catherine tries to rescue him but Royce is too much for her. "Alison Garrs will shoot him dead. Saving both Catherine and Ryan’s lives. #HappyValley #happyvalley3." (sic) @Michelle71966 expressed: "Revenge is a dish best-served cold is the tagline for this series. Catherine, Ryan, and Ann all have reasons to kill Tommy #HappyValley." Author JoJo Moyes also had an input and claimed: "If bad things happen to Catherine at the end of this series I'm not sure I will be able to forgive Sally Wainwright and co." (sic) Is Catherine about to come face to face with her worst nightmare in Tommy Lee Royce? Happy Valley airs Sunday from 9pm on BBC One.