Michelle, who won in the Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy category at Tuesday night's Golden Globes ceremony, refused to be silenced halfway through her speech. Paying tribute to director Steven Spielberg in her speech, the actress realised that she was being silenced and the music was her cue to leave the stage. Midway through her speech Michelle, 60, who won the gong for her role in the film Everything Everywhere All at Once turned to the pianist and snapped: “Shut up please.” Then laughing, she added: “I can beat you up, ok!” Guests at the award ceremony, which included Margot Robbie, Quentin Tarantino, Eddie Murphy, and Selena Gomez erupted with laughter at the actress' quick-handed response. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies People flocked to Twitter to post their delight at seeing Michelle stand her ground on the stage. One follower wrote: “They tried playing Michelle Yeoh off with music, and she said: ‘Shut up, please! I can beat you up okay? And that’s serious.’ lol Love her. #Golden Globes.” (sic) Michelle, who recounted in her speech how when she arrived in Hollywood 40 years ago she was a “minority”, paid tribute to her co-stars and directors that she had worked with in the past, which included James Cameron and Danny Boyle. Her win comes after the actress revealed that her mother was upset that she took the role that won her a Golden Globe. Speaking to W magazine, she said her mother thought she looked too old in the movie and she wants her to look like a movie star in every role she accepts. She was also concerned that her mother would see the sex toys that feature heavily in the movie. She said: “I was really worried about her seeing sex toys that were flying around in the movie, but I guess she never noticed those.” “Instead she said ‘why do you look so old? You should look like the film where you had the ball gown on!'” DONT MISS: James Jordan left speechless as Ola parades around in red lingerie Harry and Meghan may have to evacuate £11m 'sophisticated' mansion GMB backlash as Camilla's friend moans Charles 'will forgive Harry'  The Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon star added: “I’m like, ‘Oh my God.’ But that’s so typical of mum.”  “She wants me to run around the entire movie looking like a movie star.”  Michelle wasn't the only one to take aim at the music ceremony’s idea to use music to cut long speeches.  Best Actor winner Colin Farrell, who won the best actor gong for his role in the movie The Banshees of Inisherin, was not impressed when they tried to cut him off midway through his speech.  The award-winning actor was in the middle of paying tribute to actress Ana de Armas for her portrayal of Marilyn Monroe in the film Blonde who handed him his award. He then proceeded to thank his co-stars when the music started to play halfway through his speech and, without missing a beat, he turned to the orchestra and said: “You can forget the piano” and continued his tribute. Golden Globe winner Austin Butler got in on the act too when he picked up the best actor award for his portrayal of music legend Elvis Presley in the film Elvis. The actor paid homage to the late star before the pianist attempted to cut him off, prompting him to quip: “You could have at least played Suspicious Minds or something.”