Last November, the demand for air fryers had rocketed by 3,000 percent as customers seek to save on energy costs, research from Utilita found. Air fryers can cook more than frozen chips and breaded chicken, and Swan Brand UK took to its TikTok account to share five foods that can be created in the air fryer. The humble potato can be transformed into a hot, filling lunchtime meal in as little as 15 minutes. Begin by piercing the jacket potato with a fork and pop in the microwave for 10 minutes to quicken the cooking process. Remove and rub oil over the skin, then season with salt and pepper. You can wrap the potato in tin foil to speed the process up, or simply place it into the bottom of the air fryer basket and set the temperature to 180 degrees Celsius for a crisp skin and fluffy potato inside. READ MORE: Four methods to stop avocados from going brown Take two slices of bread and butter both sides, then add your filling of choice; chorizo slices and grate cheese were used in the video. Place the sandwich into the air fryer basket and cook at 160 degrees Celsius for five minutes. Cut and enjoy! One issue you might face with making a toastie is the top piece of bread flying off due to the convection heat inside an air fryer. Make sure there is plenty of butter and really stick it to the cheese, so when the cheese melts the bread is secure. DON'T MISS...Menopause expert on foods to avoid and best exercises to lose weight [GUIDE]Argos’ £32 heater ‘cheaper to run than central heating’ [SHOPPING]Chinese New Year horoscope reading for the three luckiest zodiacs [INSIGHT] Trying the viral air fryer Nutella cookies, Swan used one tablespoon of Nutella or Lotus Biscoff spread, and add five tablespoons of plain flour. Add two tablespoons of whole milk and mix well. Cut the dough into four to make four cookies, then roll into balls and flatten. Create divots, or push your thumb into the middle of each cookie to create a small well or dent. Place into the air fryer basket and bake at 180 degrees for 20 minutes. Once cooked, remove and add a scoop of Nutella or Lotus Biscoff into the hole in the middle once cooled. READ MORE: Game-changing method to squeeze lemons properly - no seeds fall out Grab one to two tortilla wraps and cut them into triangles. Place into the bottom of the air fryer basket and add oil generously. Air fry at 180 degrees Celsius for 10 minutes and they will be “perfectly crips”. Great for dipping into guacamole. Cooking popcorn in the air fryer is controversial, some advise not to make it in the air fryer but Swan has shared its method if you want to try it. Add foil and your popping kernels to the air fryer, add a splash of oil (not too much) and cook at 200 degrees Celsius for 10 minutes. It’s best not to overfill the basket with kernels, ideally make it in small batches.