Extremist Griff Reynolds (played by Michael Condron) began grooming Max (Paddy Beaver) last year and posed as someone who cared about him. However, it soon became apparent he was recruiting Max for his racist and radical group, with sinister plans for the residents of Weatherfield. Max recently saw the error of his ways and returned to his adoptive father David Platt (Jack P Shepherd), but is it too late for the teen as he could face prison time for his actions? Official spoilers reveal Daryan Zahawi (Twana Omer) calls into the café with some flyers promoting the refugee drop-in session at Speed Daal and suggests to Max he might like to join them. But the youngster is disparaging and stalks out of the restaurant. Meanwhile, David prepares tea and is oblivious to Max on his phone, listening to Blake outside Speed Daal delivering a racist rant and promising to put a stop to the drop-in session. As Blake heads into Speed Daal, secretly filming himself, it’s clear his target is Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon). READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums Maria delivers her speech, welcoming the refugees and offering them support, but will Max warn anyone as to what Blake is up to? Max tells Gail Platt (Helen Worth) and David how Blake made out to the police it was his videos which inspired Blake to go on a stabbing spree. David calls Adam Barlow (Samuel Robertson) and Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) to No.8 and forces Max to show them his videos. They’re shocked at the array of racist material on Max’s computer and warn him that he could be charged with Encouraging Terrorism which carries a 10-year sentence. David and Gail watch Max’s videos in horror, but they’re interrupted by a knock at the door. DS Swain (Vicky Myers) enters their living room and tells Max she’s arresting him on suspicion of incitement to murder. How will Max cope under the pressure of police questioning? Has he followed the path of his father? Adam now knows the extent of trouble Max is in, but will he be able to get him legal help in time? DON'T MISS...Holly and Phillip spark backlash as fans demand new DOI hosts [LATEST]Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy [WATCH]Dancing On Ice's Patsy Palmer dealt blow hours before live show [INSIGHT] Max's father Callum Logan (Sean Ward) shared a brief relationship with Kylie Platt (Paula Lane) before and after hisbirth. However, Kylie lost contact with Callum when he ended up in prison after assaulting a judge. After Kylie married David, who would become Max's adopted father, she didn't speak about her past, but in 2014, she opened up about Callum when Max was suspected of having ADHD and the possibility of it being a hereditary illness. When asked what became of Callum after he was sent to prison, Kylie was uncertain and unsure whether he would have behaved himself inside. After eight years, Kylie and Callum reunited for the first time when she was looking for drugs. Callum returned to Weatherfield and struck up an unwanted relationship with Sarah, who soon fell pregnant with his child. During his time back in the cobbles, Callum gained partial custody of his son with the intention of gaining full parental rights. Callum did another short stint in prison in 2015 for GBH but was soon let go on bail after finding insufficient evidence. The bad boy was soon killed when Kylie hit him over the head with a wrench, leaving David, Sarah and Kylie to dispose of and hide his body. Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.