Natalie realised that she needed to lose weight "mainly due to lack of confidence in all areas of life and also for the physical and mental health benefits". She explained, however, that her children were her main motivation and thanks to them, she managed to change her life drastically. The dieter said: "I wanted to take my children out and do fun things and found I was held back from that due to my weight. "[The weight] limited on things like trampolining and not being able to fit in rides at the theme park. Things needed to change drastically." Natalie joined Slimming World and started following a diet plan personalised to her lifestyle and preferences. She explained that three things were banned from the diet and that her routine included weighing herself "every Monday". READ MORE: Woman shares impressive transformation after losing 8 stone  The dieter said: "I completely cut out any sweet treats and takeaways, I had no alcohol and consistently stuck to my diet plan." Therefore, Natalie didn't have any sweet treats, she didn't order takeaways despite being a very popular option, especially after a long day at work, and she didn't drink any alcohol for the whole duration of her regime. "In one year I lost eight stone and am currently in the process of losing two more to complete a 10 stone loss," she said. But she now feels "absolutely amazing", she has "gained confidence", believes in herself and has "willpower" and knows that she "can do it".  "I can take my children out and enjoy whatever activities we choose to do. I can enjoy every part of my life without worrying about my weight stopping me from doing things." After losing eight stone, Natalie feels "100 times healthier and energised" and she feels like she can do things out of her comfort zone she would have never done before. "I wouldn't hesitate now. When I was heavier I’d say no to most things that meant leaving the house," she admitted. READ MORE: 'Fabulous' at 64: Woman drops 5 stone with 'very easy' diet "Now I like to enjoy date nights with my husband and nights out with friends. I don’t worry about what clothes I can fit in or who’s going to be judging me on my weight," she said. Slimming World explained that their weight loss plans are "like no other" and millions have reached their "dream weight" with their no-hunger eating plans. The diet site stated that slimmers "never go hungry" while following the diet and enjoy "delicious, satisfying, healthy meals made with everyday ingredients". Slimming World also has an exercise plan called Body Magic, "a unique activity programme" which is tailorable to suit everyone's lifestyle, doing the activity they choose. The programmes also provide support for their members, both face-to-face and online and this is "where the magic happens," it said. It encourages slimmers to "share, shine, support others and be supported to reach their dream weight". According to the Mayo Clinic, it is recommended people don't lose more than one to two pounds (0.5 to two kilogram) a week. To do so, dieters need to burn between 500 to 1,000 calories more than they consume each day, "through a lower-calorie diet and regular physical activity".