Humiliated Harry Styles profusely apologised after his custom-made leather trousers split as he sang and he was forced to grab a Pride flag to cover the mishap. The 28-year-old blushingly told the crowd he realised it was a "family show" after the out of the ordinary blunder occurred. Harry had been performing to a packed crowd in Inglewood, Los Angeles when he suffered a wardrobe malfunction. "My trousers ripped. I feel I must apologise to a certain few of you right down in the front there. I mean, this is a family show!" he told the audience. He then added to a man he spotted in the front row: "You sir, are you OK? I promise it’s not part of the show!" The quick-thinking former One Direction star then darted off to grab a Pride flag, which he tied around his waist as the performance continued. READ NOW: Stacey Solomon left tearful as she finally announces baby's gender One of the celebrity guests who witnessed the singer clutching his crotch in embarrassment was Friends star Jennifer Aniston - his childhood crush. He had revealed three years before the show that Jennifer had been the first famous woman he'd ever fallen for, during an interview on the Ellen DeGeneres show. One of his Twitter followers then cringed: "Harry Styles’ pants rip right in front of his first celebrity crush Jennifer Aniston… Custom Gucci pants. Not sure Gucci wanted this sort of ‘exposure’ but here we are!" His 22-month tour, which began in Las Vegas in September 2021 and is due to end later this summer in Italy's Reggio Emilia, had taken place without any major wardrobe hiccups - until now. Meanwhile, after Jennifer inadvertently got an eyeful, it has also emerged that she and Harry have been sharing similar Gucci wardrobes. Harry, who has been named as an ambassador for the luxury brand, was spotted wearing a very distinctive brown, beige and white patterned suit at a red carpet photo call for the BRIT Awards back in 2021. Imagine fans' surprise when Jennifer wore exactly the same outfit - paired with slightly different white shoes - when she appeared on the cover of Instyle Magazine later that year. She then took to her Instagram Stories sharing side-by-side photos of them and quipped: "Just call me Harriet Styles!" DON'T MISS... Monty Don and wife Sarah’s financial struggles made him ‘loony’ [UNEARTHED INTERVIEW] Pamela Anderson claims she spotted Jack Nicholson having a threesome [SCANDAL] Love Island's Molly-Mae Hague admits attempt to breastfeed herself LATEST] This is far from the first time that the pair have matched aesthetically. On the season 10 premiere of Friends, Jennifer wore a white logo print t-shirt with the words "Save the Drama For Your Mama". Harry then followed suit in an exact replica of the same top, and Jennifer shared an image outing their similarity that time too. The One Direction star has turned heads with his eye-catching looks. He has showcased a string of ever-more glamorous outfits including donning a dress for the cover of Vogue. The hitmaker's daring sense of style also peeked out at events such as the Venice premiere of Don't Worry Darling - a film he worked on with now ex-girlfriend Olivia Wilde - when he wore a sheer lace top which flashed his nipples. Harry even has his own Gucci collection, named HA HA HA and inspired by the style choices of the rock stars of the 1970s. In spite of his recent crotch-ripping mishap, there's no doubt that his originality makes him one to watch in the style stakes still.