Rylan Clark, 34, split from Big Brother contestant Dan Neal in 2021 after six years together. The Strictly It Takes Two presenter subsequently took a five-month career break while he battled with depression. In a new interview, he has now gone into detail about how much he struggled, but confirms that he is now "feeling brilliant". Opening up in a revealing chat, Rylan went as far as to say that he hoped his body would “shut down” when he was at his worst.He said on The High Performance podcast: “I got to the lowest point that anyone can get.“I almost look back now and I'm glad that I got there because now I know I will never let myself get to that point again. “I just remember that I'd be going to sleep and just willing myself not to wake up.” READ MORE:Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss The former X Factor star also said that he “wasn’t eating” and dropped to a staggering nine stone.He continued: “I was trying to do everything I could for my body to just naturally shut down because then it wouldn’t be my fault.” Positively, Rylan says he is now “feeling brilliant” and is ready to find love again.He concluded: “I am now brilliant. I'm really good. “The clouds started to part when I realised that I hadn't lost something I thought I had.”On his hopes for romance in the future, Rylan confirmed that he “would like to be with someone”.Rylan met Dan in 2015 when the former was hosting Big Brother’s Bit On The Side. They became engaged and married the following year. DON'T MISSEscape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home[INSIGHT]Dame Laura Kenny announces baby news with beau Jason Kenny[LATEST]Sarah Beeny praised as she shares rare pic amid cancer battle[PICTURES] At the time of their split in 2021, Rylan addressed speculation that the marriage had broken down in a statement.He said: “Following reports about Dan and I spending time apart, I feel I have to speak out - as the way it is being reported is unfair. “I have made a number of mistakes which I deeply regret and have inevitably led to the breakdown of our marriage."He added that he was taking time away from work because he was “not in a good place”. In his book, Ten: The Decade That Changed My Future, Rylan explained that their six-year marriage ended when Dan found out Rylan had cheated on him.He wrote: “I woke up one morning and decided to tell my now ex that I had cheated on him, years ago...“He left. Told me it was over and that was that.” If you or someone you know has been affected by this story, Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. Alternatively, you can find more information on the Samaritans website.