  Prince Harry, 38, has recalled how he asked Peaky Blinders star Tom Hardy, 45, for help when he wanted to enjoy a night with his wife Meghan Markle, 41, away from prying eyes. The royal went on to explain that the actor had come to his aid on the final night before his relationship with the Suits actress was made public.     In his new memoir, the Duke of Sussex described how he had borrowed Tom’s costume from the film Mad Max: Fury Road on a secret Halloween night out. Prince Harry’s book Spare, which was released on Tuesday, detailed how he and his then-girlfriend Meghan had enjoyed their final evening together before their relationship was leaked to the press. The loved-up pair were in Toronto, Canada at the time when they contacted the Hollywood star. The couple had been celebrating with a small group of close friends at the city’s branch of Soho House for an apocalypse-themed Halloween event. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss    Before they stepped out, the royal phoned a friend to help out with their costumes for the event, who turned out to be none other than Dunkirk actor Tom Hardy. “For help with my costume, I turned to a friend, the actor Tom Hardy, before I left home,” Prince Harry wrote in his memoir. “I phoned him to ask if I could borrow his costume from Mad Max. ‘The whole thing?’ ‘Yes, please, mate! The whole kit!’” When Harry later tried on the costume, which Tom wore for filming back in 2015, Meghan had apparently “roared with laughter”.      “It was funny. And a little scary. But the main thing was: I was unrecognisable,” he recalled. “Meg, meanwhile, wore torn black shorts, a camo top, fishnet stockings. If that’s the apocalypse, bring on the end of the world, I thought.” Recalling their incognito arrival at the event, the royal wrote: “The party was loud, dark, drunk – ideal. “Several people did double takes as Meg passed through the rooms, but no one looked twice at her dystopian date. I wished I could wear this disguise every day.” READ MORE... Gordon Ramsay accidentally drops baby news in on-air quip [BREAKING] James Jordan left speechless as Ola parades around in red lingerie [NEWS] Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies [NEWS]     The next day, the news the couple were dating was leaked to the press and they were a recognisable duo in public from then onwards. Since the release of his memoir, Prince Harry has faced a mixture of praise and criticism for some of the claims he made, particularly about members of his family. He has also been promoting his book through appearances in several TV interviews and on late night talk shows in the USA. The royal, who shared painful stories about conflict between members of his family, has subsequently faced backlash from outspoken critics, such as Piers Morgan.      During a sit down interview with journalist Tom Bradby on Sunday, the Duke of Sussex defended the bold statements he made in his debut book. “I love my father, I love my brother, I love my family,” he said during the ITV programme, entitled Harry - The Interview. He went on to insist he had no intention of hurting or harming them, but with regards to the tabloid press, said that “certain members have decided to get in bed with the devil” to rehabilitate their own images. Stating that this was “their choice” he continued: “But the moment that rehabilitation comes at the detriment to others, me, other members of my family, that’s where I draw the line.”   