In the cold, damp winter months, mould spores can begin to grow on certain surfaces of your home where the conditions are right. This typically impacts the area around windows, as well as the exterior walls of properties in some homes.  Toni, a home interior and lifestyle creator who shares videos on YouTube and Instagram, is one Briton who knows the struggle of battling indoor mould first-hand. "My house is almost 100 years old and this is the second time in 22 years that I’ve had this problem with mould," she told her 97.6K followers on Instagram @toni_interior. "The problem is, these single brick bay windows." Toni showed how mould has began to grow in the corner of her bay windows. However, instead of reaching for a chemical-based mould-killing spray, she has an alternative solution which she claims "gets rid of mould on walls for good." Toni said: "Spray the mould with white vinegar, don't use bleach." She added: "I use Wilko white vinegar and it's the best, not just for cleaning but also for these little cleaning jobs we hate." READ MORE: Interior designer says common home layout is 'officially' out  1725639 Wilko's original White Vinegar costs just £1.50 and is described as "the natural way to clean effectively" and contains "no nasty toxic chemicals or unwanted fumes." When using white vinegar to clean mould, Toni said you should always wear rubber gloves to protect your hands. After spraying the white vinegar onto the impacted area, Toni then wiped it with a clean cloth. "I left it overnight to ensure all the mould was gone," she added. When asked by a commenter why she chooses to use white vinegar over a bleach-based product, Toni said: "I try to be as sustainable as possible when I’m cleaning my home and I have three little dogs so I don’t want them breathing in anything that could potentially harm them. DON'T MISSMould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray [EXPLAINER]Banish toilet limescale ‘effectively’ without harsh chemicals [COMMENT]Best method to prevent mold and mildew - cleaner's key product [INSIGHT] "White vinegar was perfect and after quite a bit of research this is the only thing to kill mould and soak into walls and kill the mould at its root." Studies have shown white vinegar to be effective in killing certain types of mould. According to experts from Healthline: “Vinegar has antifungal and antibacterial properties, and it can be a cheap and effective treatment for many types of mould.” According to a 2015 study, vinegar of around four percent acetic was found to be effective at treating penicillium chrysogenum but not Aspergillus fumigatus, both of which are common household moulds. The acidity of vinegar is what makes it most combative against certain household moulds. Household white vinegar contains somewhere between five to eight percent acetic acid. Acetic acid is the key ingredient able to “disrupt” the growth of a range of fungi and other microorganisms. For an extra layer of protection, Toni also used an anti-mould paint to cover the area. "I used Ronseal which was the past I use the first time I encountered mould in this exact spot about 11 years ago," she said. "I didn't use white vinegar back then, I just washed the wall and painted it with this paint. So it [has] done well considering I didn’t eliminate the mould correctly."  "I hope this helps you out if you live in an old house like me," added Toni. 