King Charles, 74, performed a royal engagement in Scotland today, which is the first public appearance he's made since his son Prince Harry, 38, has been doing a set of interviews to promote his bombshell memoir, Spare. The King had "extraordinary" body language today according to an expert.  Judi James, a body language expert, spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain how King Charles conducted himself today in light of the Duke of Sussex's claims. She opined: "King Charles’s body language is extraordinary here and goes way beyond his mother’s ability to look stoic under pressure. "Chuckling, chortling and even looking almost helpless with laughter at times, Charles looks like a man having his best day rather than a man inwardly seething or sobbing about what is an almost relentless attack on his family from his youngest son." Judi referenced the fact that King Charles has been known to have a temper at times, but this was not visible in today's engagement. READ MORE: Prince William and Kate allow Prince George to adopt 'protector role'  She claimed: "The man who flew into a fury about a pen looks perfectly able to signal affable and upbeat jollity after attacks on his wife and elder son. He looks as though the book and the interviews never existed." Judi argues that Charles' body language is "remarkable" for a key reason. She explained: "Perhaps the most remarkable thing is that his body language looks congruent and convincing as he does so. "There is the slightly debonair tucking of the thumb into the waistcoat pocket; the smile that wreathes the face with creases top to bottom and which raises and rounds the cheeks at cheekbone level.   "There is the constant breaking out into chuckling laughter and even a slight bending of the knee to hint he’s on the cusp of becoming helpless with laughter at times." Judi suggests that King Charles used a "pointed finger" today for two purposes. She explained: "There is the pointed finger being used for two purposes: firstly to show directed interest and second to almost ‘prod’ people like a dig in the ribs with an elbow to share a joke." While many royal fans may have congregated in Aberdeenshire today to greet the King to comfort him, Judi claimed that the opposite happened. READ MORE: Body language expert compares royal Christmas card photographs  She continued: "King Charles is hugely keen to share this mood, too. "Not only does he linger to pet dogs, but he also laughs with one group of fans while turning to another to get them all to join in the fun. "This jollity is instigated by Charles too, suggesting he is keen to amuse people and enjoy being the centre of attention rather than being the one other people try to cheer up." In comparison to King Charles today, Kate Middleton and Prince William's body language was the opposite of "jollity" according to Judi.  She explained: "Their look is all about unity, defiance and resilience, but some of Prince William’s underlying signals suggest we shouldn’t underestimate the effort this might have taken. "Unlike his father, who appeared beaming and chuckling as though having one of his best days, Prince William shows hints of his more sensitive side. "His top lip is tight, suggesting he is torn between performing a smile and suppressing it. "The Prince's first wave to the crowds looked modesty and very slightly unsure, as though he might have felt a need to have their support re-affirmed first."