Paddy Pimblett has been called out by an exciting, up-and-coming lightweight who could be his next opponent. Pimblett continued with his undefeated streak in the UFC when he beat Jared Gordon at UFC 282 in December, after being elevated to the co-main event. Pimblett was given the unanimous victory over Gordon, but it was one which the MMA fraternity believe was poorly scored, with many of the belief that Gordon should have won. Terrance McKinney was not impressed with Pimblett's performance, and is now even more confident that he will defeat him when the two face each other in the octagon, which he told Ariel Helwani could be next for him, should be leave UFC 283 victorious. McKinney said: "The way he blocked Jared's punches with his chin... that was very impressive," he joked. "I think he been hanging out with Sean O'Malley a lot," in reference to a fight which many also believe was poorly scored, when the aforementioned beat Petr Yan. McKinney added that he believes the UFC will book him to fight Pimblett next, should be win his upcoming bout in Brazil next weekend. The talented American has name-dropped Pimblett on a number of occasions, with him saying last February that they will meet in the octagon one day. McKinney mentioned March being a possible fight date for the two, in reference to UFC 286, which will be held at the 02 Arena - likely to be headlined by Leon Edwards and Kamaru Usman, a rematch of their second bout when Edwards shocked the world and landed a headkick to claim the belt. For Pimblett, he fought twice at the 02 Arena last year, securing wins over Kazula Vargas and Jordan Leavitt - in two performances that he was not happy with. McKinney has an impressive 13-4 record, with his only loss in the UFC coming to Drew Dober, who has wins over Bobby Green and Nasrat Haqparast and went three rounds with current champion Islam Makhachev. However it is not known whether Pimblett will be ready for March, after injuring his ankle in his win over Gordon. He does not appear to have had surgery though, with the UFC hopeful to secure him on the London card. A win over McKinney would likely see Pimblett enter the top 15, and be a ranked fighter in the UFC for the first time after joining in 2021.