Boris Johnson is penning a memoir about his tumultuous time as Prime Minister, it was announced today. The ex-Tory premier has signed a deal with publisher Harper Collins for the tell-all book. Harper Collins publishing director Arabella Pike said: "This will be a Prime Ministerial memoir like no other. "I look forward to working with Boris Johnson as he writes his account of his time in office during some of the most momentous events the United Kingdom has seen in recent times." No release date has yet been set for the book by Mr Johnson, who left No 10 in September. The charismatic 58-year-old was pushed out of Downing Street by his own MPs less than three years after leading the Tories to their biggest general election landslide in decades. During his premiership, he steered the country through the pandemic and almost died of Covid himself. But he was forced to quit following a series of scandals including the Partygate saga and Tory sleaze. Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, who is blamed by some for his former boss's downfall, quit as chancellor last July unleashing a flurry of resignations ultimately making Mr Johnson's position untenable. He departed No 10 in September. However he remains the MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip and has announced plans to stand at the next election. The book comes amid speculation that Mr Johnson could make a sensational comeback in the future. There are suggestions he could be eyeing up a return if the Tories face a wipeout in the local elections in May. But the ex-PM remains under investigation by the Privileges Committee on whether he misled the Commons with comments he made about partygate. Mr Johnson sparked the latest comeback speculation with a speech at the Carlton Club in London last Tuesday where he was unveiling a portrait of himself. He delivered a typically upbeat address extolling the achievements of his time in office but made no mention of his unceremonious ejection from No 10. During his speech, Mr Johnson insisted the Tories, who are floundering behind Labour in the polls, can recover at the ballot box. He also pointed to his government's record in delivering Brexit and rolling out the Covid vaccine quicker than other countries. And he insisted that voters would return to the Conservatives as the one party committed to cutting taxes and that "really believes in Brexit". Mr Johnson said: "When people realise this I think the political dynamic is going to change. There is no desire to vote for Keir Starmer, for Sir crasheroonie snoozefest. So never give in, keep fighting, keep backing the Government - keep making the case for levelling up, for opportunities and for a dynamic low tax global Britain. That is how we will win again." 