Chelsea are determined to sign Mykhaylo Mudryk despite their decision to land Joao Felix, according to reports. Arsenal are in pole position to land the Ukraine international, who has been in fine form for Shakhtar Donetsk this term. However, the saga looks set to take a new turn following the Blues’ 2-1 defeat to Fulham on Thursday night. Chelsea recently signed Felix from Atletico Madrid, with the Portugal international moving to Stamford Bridge on loan until the end of the season. However, the 23-year-old now faces a three match ban after receiving a straight red card in his side’s 2-1 defeat to Fulham on Thursday night. And ESPN say that, despite Chelsea’s decision to sign Felix on a temporary basis, they’re still eager to land Mudryk as well. Arsenal have long been considered frontrunners in the race to sign the Ukraine international as Mikel Arteta plots a path to Premier League title glory. Mudryk himself has dropped numerous hints that he wants to move to the Gunners, even photoshopping an image of himself in their red and white colours. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But Chelsea are looking to hijack their rivals’ pursuit and, given their poor form, their need is arguably greater. They’ve held talks with Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna and are willing to spend big at a time where they’re also without the injured Raheem Sterling and Christian Pulisic. Both Chelsea and Arsenal remain in talks for Mudryk at the current moment in time. Yet there’s still no end to the saga in sight and, with the January transfer window rolling on, it’ll be fascinating to see how it unfolds. Mudryk has been in outstanding form for Shakhtar this term, establishing himself as one of the best young players on the planet. He’s bagged seven goals from 12 Ukrainian Premier League matches, while also clocking up seven assists. And he’s also found the net three times from six outings in the Champions League, too. Chelsea previously tried to gazump Arsenal when it came to Gabriel Jesus back in the summer, when it became clear the striker was willing to leave Manchester City behind. However, the Samba star ultimately decided to move to Arteta’s side - having previously worked with the Spanird at the Etihad Stadium. Meanwhile, regarding Mudryk, former footballer Stan Collymore thinks the Ukraine international should choose Chelsea over Arsenal. And that’s because he feels the Blues are a ‘more attractive project’ than their rivals, despite their poor form. “I know some fans will argue that considering where both clubs are at the minute, if he were to choose the Blues over the Gunners, it’ll only be for the money,” he said. “And that may well be true, but for me, Chelsea is still the more attractive project. “If [Todd] Boehly can sell Chelsea’s future to Mudryk then that’s the more alluring option. “If I had the choice, I’d choose Chelsea over Arsenal and that’s not me dismissing the good work Mikel Arteta and Arsenal are doing, but I just think over a three or four-year period, the Blues are the better project and the club more likely to consistently compete for silverware. “So all that being considered, I wouldn’t be surprised if Mudryk ended up at Stamford Bridge.” Mudryk will be hoping to start when Shakhtar lock horns with Austria Wien next Friday (2pm). His side currently sit second in the league table, with Dnipro-1 leading the way.