Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp has seen his feud with talkSPORT pundit and former Aston Villa striker Gabby Agbonlahor reignited, as the ex-striker took the blame for the Reds’ disappointing season and claimed that he “rattled” the German coach. Agbonlahor slammed Manchester United for their 4-0 defeat to Brentford in August, prompting Klopp to namecheck the pundit in his next press conference. Agbonlahor did not hold back in his criticism of Erik ten Hag’s side, who have since turned their season around and are currently fourth in the Premier League table. "If I was them [United] now after this game I'd be thinking, 'You know what, Ten Hag, just pack up'," Agbonlahor said in August. "He's had pre-season and they have started the season as a shambles, they're like strangers on the pitch.” However, Klopp came to the defence of his fellow manager and admitted he was close to calling into talkSPORT to argue with the pundit. "It was obviously not a nice week for United after the Brentford game,” Klopp said. “We forget in these moments how good Brentford are. It [the reaction to it] was that bad, I drove home after watching the first half here [at the training ground] and I listened to talkSPORT and Gabby. "He lost against us 6-0 in my first year, so I couldn't remember him as a mentality monster on the pitch then - but what he said about Man Utd in that show, I was close to calling in and telling him: 'You forgot completely that you were a player'.” Liverpool have since struggled after Klopp hit back at Agbonlahor, and the ex-Villa man on Thursday was happy to claim that he was the reason for the Reds’ downfall this season. Klopp’s side are sixth in the table, but had been languishing in mid-table and are still seven points behind United. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWMan City boss Pep Guardiola issues worrying Man Utd prediction after Southampton humbling Agbonlahor insisted that Klopp knew what he was doing when he could not remember his surname and made sure to bring up the “mentality monster” comment. “Klopp only knew my first name, not my second name,” Agbonlahor told talkSPORT. “Yeah he knew [what he was doing], it’s that way of saying ‘Oh I don’t know who he is, what’s his name? Gabby Gabby what?’ “Ever since… 16 points behind Arsenal now, it’s not been the mentality monster season at Liverpool. 16 points, I am saying he has been rattled and this season Liverpool haven’t been the same as they should be. Yeah [Agbonlahor rattled Klopp].” Whether Klopp will be tempted to respond to Agbonlahor once again remains to be seen, as he will host his next press conference on Friday ahead of the Reds’ trip to Brighton the following day.