Jackie Collins died in 2015, aged 77 after battling breast cancer six years prior. Her sister, Joan Collins, 89, was hit hard by her death and has been flooded with an outpouring of support as she took to Instagram to share a heartwarming message about her late sister. Joan took to Instagram in view of her 304,000 followers to share a picture of the sisters on their way to a Vanity Fair Oscars party. The Hollywood star could be seen posing all glammed up alongside her late lookalike sister Jackie in the back of a taxi. She captioned the heartwarming snap: "Whenever the #oscarnoms were announced @jackiejcollins and I looked forward to going to the #vanityfairoscarparty #imissmysister." (sic) Many friends and social media users rushed to the comments to share their support to the actress as she remembers her late dear sister. READ MORE: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Rod Stewart's ex-wife Alana said: "What a wonderful picture of the two of you. We all miss her too." FancyDollHouse added: "Oh I know that loss left a hole in your heart. Two beautiful talented Queens." Magsmuggins commented: "I can only imagine how profoundly you must feel your loss of Jackie because my sister and I are so very close. There is nobody I can laugh with like my Sissy." Romance novelist Jackie was 77 when she died in September 2015, just two weeks before her 78th birthday. She had been diagnosed with stage four breast cancer more than six years before her passing but had kept the news almost entirely to herself, bar her daughters. On the first anniversary of her death, Joan spoke about the impact losing her sister had on her on This Morning. She said: "I miss her terribly. Grief is a process. I think I cried for two or three months then you get over it and accept it in a begrudging way. Then you get angry like why did this happen to her? "There's no good thing about it but the way around it is thinking of it like we are just in different places as if she's just in LA." DON'T MISS... Jamie Redknapp on 'perfect' wife Frida as he shares divorce struggles [INSIGHT] Michael Bublé details how son's cancer diagnosis 'changed him' [HEALTH] Salma Hayek sizzles in risqué see-through dress at Magic Mike premiere [PICS] Joan also previously revealed that she only found out about her sister's breast cancer diagnosis three weeks before she died. She was also one of the first to pen a touching tribute to Jackie just days after her death. Concluding her 2,000-word eulogy, Joan wrote: "I don’t think I will ever recover from the sadness of losing my beautiful baby sister… "I feel her spirit, I hear her wonderful laugh and I see her all the time in the hundreds of photos of her sprinkled around my home. She wasn't just a star – to me she was an entire galaxy." In the final years, the siblings were closer than ever and the author adored Percy Gibson, Joan's husband since 2002. Jackie wrote 32 novels in her career, all of which appeared on The New York Times bestsellers list. Her books have sold over 500 million copies worldwide and have been translated into over 40 languages. Eight of her novels have also been adapted for the screen, either as films or television miniseries.