Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury has been officially announced for February 26 in Diriyah, Saudi Arabia live on BT Sport Box Office. But many fans believe the fight won't happen. Paul and Fury will be hoping that third time is the charm with two previous dates falling through before fight night. Ahead of their inaugural encounter in December 2021, Fury pulled out of the contest after sustaining a broken rib in camp. Then, eight months later, the bout was once again cancelled due to TNT being denied entry to the United States – where the contest was set to take place. Given their messy history, most supporters aren't sure the clash will make it to the night despite BT Sport, Queensbury Promotions, Most Valuable Promotions and Paul all confirming that it is going ahead. “This is how it starts; it’ll be cancelled by the second week of February,” wrote @FatJohnson6. “I’ll believe it when they are both in the ring,” added @Hoskil. Meanwhile, an equally insistent punter (@TDeising) stated: “Expect it not to happen about 2 weeks before the fight.”  Taking to Instagram to announce the fight, Paul referenced Fury's previous pull outs, writing: "After multiple failed attempts to get Tommy Fury in the ring, the moment of truth has finally arrived. Fumbles has no excuses now. Baby is born. Money is massive. Immigration is not an issue. Sunday February 26, Paul vs Fury is live on ESPN+ PPV in the US and BT Sport Box Office in the UK."Tyson Fury has promised he and Papa John will make Tommy retire from boxing and change his last name forever if he can’t beat the YouTuber. Saturday (tomorrow) I’m coming to London to look at all three Fury’s in the eye and shake on that promise." Although when reports began to circulate that Paul and Fury would be boxing next month, Paul didn't seem so sure given that Fury is expecting his daughter to be born in the coming days. Replying to the initial reports from esteemed combat sports journalist Ariel Helwani, he wrote: "Hold your horses. The man’s having a baby." Although Fury claims that his new child with fiancée Molly Mae Hague is the reason he is pursuing the fight in the first place. "I was earning my stripes. But if you want to slap millions of pounds in front of my face to fight Jake Paul, why am I not going to do that?” he told Rob Moore. “I've got a family to feed now any day - the reason I've taken the Jake Paul fight is it's financially good. There is [a part of me that wants to shut him up] but he doesn't get underneath my skin like that.”