An urgent plea has been issued by police for information regarding a mum who is missing with her newborn baby. Officers believe Constance Marten gave birth 'very recently'. Neither her or her child have been seen by a doctor. They are also appealing directly to the mother, urging her to contact the emergency services or go to the nearest hospital.  Constance is now missing with the baby's father Mark Gordon, reports the Manchester Evening News. The pair were last seen at around 6.30pm yesterday (January 5). Mark and Constance were spotted on the M61. Their vehicle had broken down, but the family left the motorway safely and were last seen walking to the Anchor Lane bridge in Bolton, which links the Highfield and Little Hulton areas. Police said Mark was wearing dark clothing. Constance - who speaks with a southern accent - was wearing a burgundy coat. Reports also say that the baby was swaddled. GMP's Head of Public Protection Chief Superintendent Michaela Kerr today issued a direct plea to Constance. She said the force's main priority was to make sure she and her baby were safe. She said: "As a mum, I would like to make a direct appeal to Constance. Constance, I know this is an exceptionally hard time for you and you are likely feeling scared but I promise that our number one priority is the same as yours – to keep your beautiful newborn safe. "As you know, it’s really important that both you and your baby are assessed by medical professionals as soon as possible so please make contact with emergency services or make your way to your nearest hospital, wherever that may be.   "I would also like to appeal to members of the public – not just in Bolton but across Greater Manchester and beyond. "If you have any information about this family’s whereabouts, please do nothing more than contact emergency services. GMP can be contacted via Live Chat on our website or 999. Even the most minor detail might help us keep this mum and baby safe.”  Police have issued pictures on social media as part of an appeal for help to find them. Anyone with information should contact Greater Manchester Police via 999 quoting 2657 05/01/21. GMP can also be contacted via gmp.police.uk. Information can also be shared anonymously via the independent charity – Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.