Toilet seat stains are common and can be caused by a product build-up, urine, fake tan, dead skin, mineral deposits and other factors. The stains can range from orange to yellow to brown or green, depending on the cause of the stain. With this in mind, fans of cleaning sensation Mrs Hinch, whose full name is Sophie Hinchliffe, have shared their simple solution for removing stains from toilet stains. The cleaning and lifestyle influencer has more than 4.5 million followers on Instagram and often shares her garden and home tips online. Fans of hers have taken to social media in recent years to share their own hacks for solving common household problems. On one such group, Facebook user Lynne Helley posted: “How to clean toilet seats? Used magic eraser but not come clean underneath.” READ MORE: King Charles was desperate to live in London home - but Queen refused The post was inundated with responses but the main suggestion was to use bleach. Jayne Henderson said: “Take off and soak in bleach and water. Comes up like new.” Sarah Million commented: “When my daughter moved into a rental property we took hers off and soaked it in bleach in the bath as it was disgusting.” Debbie Walker wrote: “I use Flash with bleach on my toilet seats. Spray and leave for an hour and it gets all the stains off.” DON'T MISS'Five things I would never do as an interior designer' [INSIGHT]5 ‘bad habits’ to avoid that ‘drastically’ add to your energy bills [UPDATE]Monty Don shares key 'principle' pruning fruit trees in winter [ANALYSIS] Laura Elvers Was Wright replied: “Put a load of bleach on it then fold kitchen roll on it to soak it in. Then leave it for as long as possible.” Jenarrah Perez and Samantha Tate also suggested using bleach to remove stains from toilet seats. Bleach can be found in most local supermarkets or can be bought online. JUST ESSENTIALS by Asda Thin Bleach costs 42p and Wilko Rhubarb and Grapefruit Bleach costs 60p. READ MORE: ‘Magical’ product to ‘instantly’ remove toilet limescale Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Domestos Original which claims to “eliminate 99.9 percent of bacteria and viruses” costs 99p from Amazon. Ocado Thick Citrus Bleach costs 70p. Other suggestions for removing stains from toilet seats included using Pink Stuff paste, toothpaste, mould remover and Cif. Lindsay Mary Ann said: “Pink Stuff in a tub. I swear by it. I have sons and urine stains do my head in. This cleans it right up.” Lisa Jane replied: “Pink Stuff in the tub.” Vikki Cousins wrote: “Charcoal toothpaste! Leave on for as long as you can then scrub off. “I’ve a house of boys and it works well for all the urine stains they like to leave!” Cheryl Jane Mbe suggested: “Mould remover, spray on leave 15 minutes and wipe straight off. No scrubbing.” Elizabeth Lowe said: “Toothpaste, doesn't roughen the surface like pink stuff and exacerbate the problem!” Kirsty Robertson commented: “Cif is fantastic.” Barbara Corbett Daly replied: “Brillo pads are amazing for this honestly.”