Monday’s episode saw new nanny Nicky (played by Lewis Cope) try to settle in at Home Farm as he watched over Clemmie and Lucas. Gabby Thomas (Rosie Bentham) was thrilled with Nicky’s arrival although panicked about what he’d make of her sweaty appearance. While Gabby may be hoping for a romance with Nicky, viewers believe there’s something more sinister at play. Nicky’s role at Home Farm will certainly ruffle a few feathers in Emmerdale this week. Gabby is unimpressed when Kim Tate (Claire King) warns her off Nicky. But Billy Fletcher (Jay Kontzle) and Dawn (Olivia Bromley) share a smile when they realise Nicky is settling in with the kids. However, it’s not long before Dawn regrets handing the kids over to Nicky as she misses out on all the fun. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist Dawn heads to the office for an important meeting but is gilt-ridden when she misses Clemmie’s swimming. She makes a drastic decision which will effect her future and potentially leave Kim seething. With Kim and Dawn arguing, and Gabby too busy trying to fight for Nicky’s attention, could they miss out on something sinister. Fans are convinced Nicky is not to be trusted with some even speculating he could be linked to Joe Tate (Ned Porteous) or Jamie Tate (Alex Lincoln). Taking to Twitter to theorise on his upcoming storyline, viewers fear he will be “dodgy” and have an “agenda” for wanting to work at Home Farm. @realgmg67 posted: “I think Nicky, is something to do with Joe? #Emmerdale.” @Chris1968E shared: “#Emmerdale so is Nicky just the nanny or will he have some ridiculous agenda.” @funkygibbons tweeted: “It’s obvious this Nicky is a dodgy motherf****r. #emmerdale.” DON'T MISS...Emmerdale fans 'work out' Cathy Hope lie in Bob DNA twist [THEORY]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Caleb Miligan's true identity in Al twist [INSIGHT]Emmerdale viewers 'work out' Leyla Harding relapse after rejection [SPOILER] @Elizabe55027235 added: “#emmerdale I think gabby new love interest nicky is working for Jamie tate not Joe tate or Alex and I think Jamie tate return to emmerdale summer time and we all know that and wait and see first.” (sic) Not much has been revealed about Nicky ahead of his arrival on Emmerdale so it’s not surprising fans are suspicious. Actor Lewis has already teased a big twist for his character, insisting he is “too good to be true”. He revealed Nicky is the eldest of six so has plenty of experience taking care of youngsters, especially as he looked after his family when his mum died. However, he warned fans not to fall for his charms: “At the moment, Nicky is a lovely person and there's nothing to say that he's not. "But he's almost too good to be true – you'll have to wait and see." Lewis added to Digital Spy: “Obviously Kim would be the one that everyone is scared of and would be quite hard to get on with. “But I think because Kim is so preoccupied and her priorities are the business and getting that to run smoothly, she's all for Nicky being there.” Emmerdale airs weekdays on ITV at 7.30pm.