The Princess of Wales chose to head to a nursery in Luton for her first-ever solo engagement of 2023. Kate appeared in high spirits as she was welcomed to Foxcubs Nursery by staff members. Prince William's wife first commented on the weather, saying she loves "cold ice mornings", before starting to discuss whether the nursery had recently noticed many children remaining at home with seasonal illnesses. Shortly after her arrival, the hands-on Princess joined toddlers learning Chinese letters ahead of the celebrations for the Chinese New Year. Kneeling down to be at their same height, Kate looked impressed as the youngsters eagerly showed her the work they were doing, including a paper mask which she happily placed in front of her eyes. She then asked the girls sitting near her how old they were and engaged in an adorable conversation with them. While at the nursery, Kate also joined children playing with a sandpit - and was left in stitches by a boy who, wearing a construction hard hat and carrying a toy jackhammer, looked determined to be in the shot with her. Foxcubs Nursery is an early years’ service run by the Early Years Alliance, which offers 70 places for local children aged between two and five years old to families eligible for free childcare and early education. This morning's visit is part of Kate's ongoing work to highlight how good parenting and education provided to children in the first, crucial, five years of childhood have such a significant effect on the development of adults. As noted by the Daily Express royal correspondent, Richard Palmer, the Princess of Wales has made it her "life's mission" to encourage a national debate aiming to result in a better start in life for Britain’s children and improved Early Years provision. This engagement also marks the first Kate has carried out alone since the release of Prince Harry's bombshell memoir, Spare. READ MORE: William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time The Princess of Wales is mentioned multiple times in the book, and while the Duke of Sussex said he loved Kate like a sister when she joined the Royal Family, he didn't shy away from putting the spotlight on her and detailing her cold relationship with Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. Harry also shared private text messages between Meghan and the Princess of Wales to set the record straight on the notorious bridesmaid dress row, a fiery discussion between the two women which took place four days before the Sussexes' wedding. Royal sources have even claimed the Princess has "dismissed" the controversy as the book came out as she was busy preparing to launch the next stage of her legacy-making work on the early years. Speaking to the Mirror, these insiders claimed Kate was "baffled" by Harry's criticism but left unfazed. A royal source said: "Of course there have been other distractions but the Princess has had far more important things on her mind. It’s an important and exciting time. "The campaign she has been working on really is the result of several months behind the scenes (and) will launch a new three to five-year programme. "(Kate) spends a lot of time reading, meeting and speaking with professionals across the entire field - but this isn't just one project, it’s an opportunity to make generational change for all our children. "There are a number of creative parts in the process for parents and non-parents to be involved across the country with lots more to come and the hope is as many people as possible, from those in the medical and academic world as well as parents and non-parents, join the journey." Kate worked behind the scenes with experts and patronages for several years to deepen her understanding of the impact experiences made in the first five years of life by children have on the development of adults and their long-term success. Between January and February 2020, Kate spearheaded a five-question nationwide survey to learn what was at the time the understanding people in Britain had of the early years and the support available to parents and young families. The results of this survey, paired with experts' research and case studies, were presented during an online forum in November, when Kate delivered a keynote speech. In the summer of 2021, the Princess launched The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood, which aims at driving awareness of and action on the extraordinary impact of the early years, in order to transform society for the future.