A teenage jockey was tragically killed in Florida on Saturday after two horses collided in a tragic training ground accident. Daniel Quintero, 19, was working at Tampa Bay Downs Racecourse when the incident occurred and died instantly after the horror crash. Quintero's horse is believed to have bolted the wrong way around the track and collided with another horse moving in the opposite direction. Remarkably, neither horse or the other jockey sustained any serious injuries. A minute's silence was held at Tampa Bay Downs on Saturday before racing began and at other local tracks as tributes poured in for the 19-year-old, who was born in Venezuela. Colleague Sydney Fried said: "I don't think I ever saw him without a smile on his face and he was always trying to put a smile on yours." Other racecourses across the country, including Gulfstream Park, Laurel Park and Santa Anita, also held moments of silence in memory of the aspiring jockey. READ MORE: Horse struck by a van before race in France but still claims amazing win   Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office confirmed it was called to an incident at 7am local time. The Racing Post reported that Quintero had previously ridden at Palm Meadows Training Center in Boynton Beach, Florida, and only recently moved to Tampa Bay Downs. A tweet from the course read: "Exercise rider Daniel Quintero, 19, died as a result of a training accident this morning at Tampa Bay Downs. The entire racetrack community expresses its condolences to his family members and friends." DON'T MISS:  Quintero's colleague Sydney Fried said: "I don't think I ever saw him without a smile on his face and he was always trying to put a smile on yours. He was willing and wanted to learn, and the last thing he was was lazy. You don't get better unless you put in the work and Daniel wasn't afraid to do just that. "It's very sad because he would be one of the first ones to say 'good morning' every day. Daniel was an intelligent young man. He was always paying attention to everything around him. He never hesitated to ask any questions and once he got the answer he learned very quickly." 