Dramatic live footage caught the moment Sky News host Kay Burley was interrupted by a wave of Russian rocket attacks in Kyiv. Kay Burley, who was in Kyiv yesterday for a sit-down interview with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky, was speaking from the capital when Russian rockets began to rain down. The Russian assault launched 15 cruise missiles on Kyiv on Thursday in its latest large-scale missile salvo. Kyiv mayor Vitali Klitschko said that all air targets were shot down after he urged Ukrainians to seek shelter. The moment took place while Kay Burley was in the middle of an interview with a Ukrainian politician. As soon as the explosion was heard, the Sky News host turned around shocked, as she asked her camera operator: "Do we need to go?" Another explosion is heard, prompting the politician to say: "You never get used to that." JUST IN: Putin wears Cuban heels to improve masculine image  Anton Gerashchenko, an advisor to the Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine, tweeted a clip of the moment. He added: "The moment of the explosion in Kyiv during today's Russian rocket attack on Sky News with Kay Burley. "The location is an expo of destroyed Russian weapons in the center of Kyiv." Ms Burley herself tweeted about the moment: "Chatting to a Ukrainian politician ahead of a live segment on this morning’s breakfast show - when this happened…  "Our security team are always calculating risk and it was deemed safe to continue with our broadcast. "Weary Ukrainians have grown used to the shelling." Afterward, Sergiy Popko, the head of Kyiv's military administration, said: "The enemy launched more than 15 cruise missiles in the direction of Kyiv. "Thanks to the excellent work of air defence, all air targets were shot down." DON'T MISS: Migrant rages at security after he missed breakfast at hotel [VIDEO]Joe Biden 'screams and stumbles' as latest rambling speech ridiculed [REACTION]Snow showers to lash parts of UK this weekend amid blizzard fears [FORECAST]  The devastating barrage of missiles and drones killed at least 11 people on Thursday. The strikes came a day after Kyiv won pledges of battlefield tanks to combat Moscow’s invasion from western countries. The missiles left 10 regions in Ukraine with only emergency power due to a power shortage in the network. Meanwhile, the Russian-occupied Ukrainian regions of Donetsk, Luhansk, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson have been ordered to use Moscow time instead of Kyiv time. 