Liverpool face repeated frustration in their long-standing interest in Norwegian prospect Andreas Schjelderup, who looks set to reject an Anfield switch for a second time. The 18-year-old winger is making waves, as Martin Odegaard and Erling Haaland did as teenagers, but he is in no rush to join them in the Premier League. Liverpool first tried to sign Schjelderup in the summer of 2020 when he had the choice of one of Europe's elite academies or first-team football at Nordsjaelland aged 16. "I visited Ajax four times, PSV four times, Tottenham, Liverpool, Juventus, Fulham, Atalanta and Bayern Munich," Schjelderup explained. "They [Nordsjaelland] are a club that has shown that they give young players a chance and spend enormous resources on player development." The Norway U21 also admitted he was a Liverpool fan, and it was hard to ignore the heavyweight interest, but he moved to Denmark to accelerate his development and is now reaping the rewards. Three years later, Schjelderup is primed to complete a high-profile move across Europe. But once again, Liverpool will miss out. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here According to TV2, the wonderkid has snubbed Liverpool in favour of Benfica because he believes he will become an important figure at the Portuguese giants quicker than elsewhere. The report claims Brentford and Liverpool made proposals to Schjelderup's camp, but he is Benfica-bound in a deal worth around £12.5million. He is expected to pen a five-and-a-half-year deal in Lisbon, potentially setting up a lengthy wait to finally secure his signature on Merseyside. But Liverpool will undoubtedly keep tabs on his progress in Portugal after recent meteoric rises to prominence from the likes of Enzo Fernandez. DON'T MISS: Newcastle believe they've found another Bruno Guimaraes ahead of swoop  Schjelderup has registered 10 goals and one assist in 17 Nordsjaelland appearances this season, and it's only a matter of time before he makes his Norway senior debut. He may be following in Odegaard and Haaland's footsteps as a young Norwegian attracting attention, but his play style has drawn comparisons to Jack Grealish. With Klopp contracted to Liverpool until 2026, he may be keen to work with Schjelderup before he departs Anfield. So it wouldn't be surprising if it's a name that crops up around the Reds again and again in transfer windows to come. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here