Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is reportedly desperate to leave Chelsea and return to Barcelona in the January transfer window. The Gabonese striker is willing to play for 'almost free' if it means ending his nightmare spell at Stamford Bridge, which looks bleak after Joao Felix's arrival. Chelsea have signed Felix on loan until the end of the season, pouring further doubt over Aubameyang's hopes of regular game time. The 33-year-old striker has scored just three goals in 15 appearances since turning his back on former club Arsenal to join their bitter London rivals. Thomas Tuchel recruited Aubameyang in the summer, but poor results led to his sacking. The latter has become a second thought under Graham Potter, and he's now had enough. According to SPORT, Aubameyang has offered his services back to Barcelona if Memphis Depay departs the Nou Camp this month. He reportedly understands he made the wrong decision leaving for a Premier League return in the summer and is 'crazy' about ditching Chelsea to play under Xavi Hernandez again. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE The report claims Aubameyang is prepared to play for 'almost free' with the funds recouped from Depay's potential exit as he understands Barcelona's fragile financial situation. He is said to be uncomfortable with Chelsea and Potter, leading to an 'irreversible' situation in west London. Felix's arrival, for which the Blues paid a staggering £9million for just six months, is cited as the final straw in Aubameyang's frustrations and he has asked to leave the club. Chelsea have made it clear they won't contribute to his wages if he leaves on loan. And Barcelona is the only option due to FIFA rules, after already featuring for two different clubs this season. DON'T MISS: Man Utd, Chelsea and Arsenal have six same targets on transfer shop... With Chelsea also eyeing a big-money deal for Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mykhaylo Mudryk and Christopher Nkunku's impending summer arrival, Aubameyang's future looks non-existent. He will hope to rejoin Barca and contribute to the Spanish giants' pursuit of their first La Liga title since 2019. The Blaugrana have also dropped into the Europa League from the Champions League group stage for the second successive season, posing a good chance for further silverware. His desired Catalonia comeback will depend on Depay's movements, though, amid intensifying links to Atletico Madrid. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here