Idaho murder suspect Bryan Kohberger's expression showed a fixation traditionally "seen in killers" when he appeared for his status hearing at Latah County court on January 5. Body language expert Susan Constantine reviewed the 28-year-old PhD student's appearance, noting signs of "intense fear". Kohberger last appeared in front of a judge on January 12, when he waived his right to a speedy preliminary trial for the first-degree charges of murdering Kaylee Goncalves, 21, Madison Mogen, 21, Xana Kernodle, 20, and Ethan Chapin, 20. Reviewing footage of Kohberger's arrival in court on January 12, Constantine said: "As he turns the corner into the courtroom, he takes a breath in, meaning something important is going to happen, namely fear. "The horizontal forehead lines are from worry. Fixation is seen in his eyes here also. This can be from intense fear." At a previous hearing on January 5, Constantine noted Kohberger's cheeks appeared to be "throbbing" because of an elevated heart rate as he faced the judge. She also noticed his attempt to acknowledge public defender Anne Taylor. JUST IN: Biden to pick EU over special relationship as Blinken insists he will not budge on Brexit She told Fox 13: "What I did notice was a forceful heartbeat as seen in his cheek. That blood vessel was throbbing from intense internal emotion. "Kohberger's awkward glance, followed by a quick micro smile that flashed and disappeared sharply. "His eyes are detached, showing fixation as seen in an intense stare. Fixation is seen in killers." Kohberger has been the subject of much speculation since the FBI arrested him at his parents' house in Pennsylvania on December 30, nearly six weeks after Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin were found stabbed to death at the women's residence in Moscow, Idaho. READ MORE: Joe Biden's classified documents spotlight 'troubling double standard' to Donald Trump Criminology expert Dr Casey Jordan argued Kohberger shared additional traits in common with serial killers – including his academic interest in criminology. Dr Jordan said: "The BTK had a degree in criminal justice. The Golden State killer, a degree in criminal justice. It's not unheard of but let's agree, it's extremely rare that people major in criminal justice and then go on to commit heinous murder. "As a criminologist, I was shocked but not really surprised to find out that the accused was found a PhD in criminology." She added "nothing he learned in his classes" would have helped Kohberger, if he is proven to have committed the murders, adding: "We believe the thought process was already there." DON'T MISS New York City Mayor blasts immigration response as a 'national crisis' [INSIGHT]Joe Rogan believes Democrats 'trying to get rid' of Biden [ANALYSIS]Mother and son accused of running home brothel [VIDEO] At the time of the murders, Kohberger was studying for a PhD in criminology at Washington State University in Pullman, a 15-minute drive from the murder scene. Goncalves, Mogen, Kernodle and Chapin were brutally killed in the early hours of November 13 but their bodies were only found later in the morning by two of the women's surviving roommates. The probable cause affidavit claimed Kohberger's phone had repeatedly pinged a cell tower near the crime scene in the weeks leading to the murders. Data records also appeared to show the murder suspect had travelled towards Moscow in the early morning of November 13 before disappearing off the grid at approximately 4am. The coroner, who noted some of the victims' bodies bore defensive wounds, recorded the time of death as between 4am and 4.25am.