A 13-year-old born without any legs has defied the odds to become a star player for his school basketball team. Josiah Johnson is an unlikely hero in a game dominated by tall players - but the excellent ball intercepter is one of the first names on the team sheet. He had been offered the chance to play wheelchair basketball but thought that would be "too easy". Video footage shows the teenager, who was born without legs, making pinpoint long shots, lobbing the ball over opposition players. One clip shows a last-minute three pointer in a match against a rival school. A teammate told CBS of his trial session: "He started taking the ball from people. "He took the ball from me. I was mad. You would have thought Steph Curry [Golden State Warriors point guard] was in the gym." Josiah, who is from Louisville, Kentucky, broke into the Moore Middle School basketball team in the autumn.  One coach said: "He made the team - we didn't put him on the team for no sympathy reasons or anything like that. "He showed up to every trial, he gave it his all. He put himself on the team by making the squad." Johnson has become a good contributor to the team over recent months, the coach said, clinching offensive rebounds, assists and turnovers  - helped by his unique position on the floor. But his teammates said his best play came just a couple of weeks ago. READ MORE: Filmmaker needed police escort to meet US's most inbred family It was the end of the game, with seconds remaining, and Johnson got the ball from outside the three-point line to make the winning shot. The other players on his team were thrilled, piling onto Johnson in a wild embrace caught on camera. "It was just a moment that I'm going to remember forever," one of his teammates said. The youngster has always been interested in sports, including gymnastics, but basketball has always been his favourite, his mother Whitney said.   "Josiah is very competitive, and if he feels like something is too easy, he's not going to do it," she added. The teen said he wants others to learn, by seeing him, "to do something that they thought they couldn't do". During an interview with Jefferson County Public School, he said: "People feel bad for me playing basketball. "I want to show them that you ain't got to feel bad for me. I want to play on an equal level with you."