Gemma Atkinson proved social media can be deceptive as she posted a video on her Instagram this morning. The actress, 38, lifted up her top to reveal her impressive abs while she sucked in her tummy, before breathing out and turning sideways to reveal her bump. Gemma, who is in a relationship with Strictly pro Gorka Marquez, 32, is known for being a keen fitness fanatic. However she also often talks about the reality behind her glamorous photos online. She wrote: “Quick reminder that if I can hide a baby, what else can ppl hide with shapes and lighting?" (Sic) The pair took to Instagram to announce that they are expecting a baby boy, who is due later this year. READ MORE: Michaela Strachan addresses Twitter ban after Chris Packham complained Gemma shared an array of stunning black-and-white photographs where she showed off her blossoming baby bump The Emmerdale star cut a casual figure in tracksuit bottoms and a black vest top as she lovingly cradled her growing baby bump. In one snap, she was joined by Gorka, who flashed a huge smile, while another picture saw her daughter Mia sweetly lying across her stomach. In a caption, Gemma said their daughter Mia, three, is "thrilled" about the news and joked that their son will be called "Barbie". She wrote: "Impossible to hide my belly any longer. I've officially 'popped'. "Our baby boy will be joining our family later this year. "We feel so incredibly blessed and Grateful to be on this journey again. Mia is absolutely thrilled! "Although we may need to do some negotiating on names, as so far she's adamant he's going to be called Barbie." DONT MISS:Paris Hilton leaves fans taken aback as she welcomes first baby (PHOTOS)Gemma Atkinson hits back as family video is branded ‘so irresponsible’ (NEWS)Sharon Stone, 64, wows as ageless star goes braless for ‘wild’ night (LATEST) Gemma and professional dancer Gorka got engaged in February 2021, four years after meeting on Strictly Come Dancing. They welcomed their first child Mia on July 4, 2019. Gemma previously revealed that she had been told not to marry her Strictly Come Dancing star fiance by one of her social media followers. Gemma saw the funny side to it as she explained the fan had the wrong idea of the couple's relationship. Live on Hits Radio, the former soap actress said: "I got a message today Tools that I feel like I have to [tell] you 'cos I think you'll find it funny." (sic) Co-host Mike Toolan was instantly intrigued and said: "Oh, go on!" The mum-of-one said: "So they messaged me and it could be coming from a nice place who knows but it says, 'I know you like a certain amount of freedom but are you sure Gorka's the right person for you? “He's always enjoying himself while you struggle with Mia [the couple's daughter] and normal life. Don't marry him!'" Her co-host Mike bursts out laughing with Gemma, saying: "You don't struggle with Mia," to which Gemma replied: "I know I don't. She's a joy, bless her."