Princess Caroline is the older sister of Albert II, Prince of Monaco, and third-in-line to the Monegasque throne. When she married Prince Ernst August of Hanover in 1999, she became the Princess of Hanover. Following their separation 10 years later, she returned to her home country to conduct official duties. Her role within the Royal Family was integral, particularly following the death of her mother, Grace Kelly. Since 1982, Caroline had acted as the de facto first lady of the principality, initially alongside her father, Rainer III, and then with her brother. However, when Albert married Charlene Wittstock, now Princess Charlene, a South African Olympic swimmer, Caroline’s role shifted, reportedly causing tension within the family. Since marrying Prince Albert in July 2011, Charlene has taken her place next to the Prince of Monaco, attending the country’s most important events, from national festivities to gala occasions, and serving as the ‘first lady’. Before that, Caroline had held that role and it has been suggested that the relationship between the sisters-in-law was not easy. According to a 2022 report in Royal Central, a popular independent site dedicated to covering royals around the world, the Princess of Hanover “felt deprived of her role” while “Charlene felt sidelined”. After her mother Grace of Monaco died tragically in a car crash in September 1982, Caroline, aged 25, stepped up to assist her father. “After Grace's death a miracle happened,” said Prince Rainier the following year. “Princess Caroline stepped into her mother's shoes. She has the same spirit as her mother. The way she is handling the jobs I have given her is a source of great satisfaction to me.” READ MORE: Monaco’s Princess Caroline ‘stepped up’ into first lady role over Charlene health woes A few months later, in December, she received several appointments from her father, including president of Monaco Garden Club and Monaco’s Arts Festival, but most importantly, by the Prince’s decision, she was named President of the Princess Grace Foundation, a charity set up to honour the legacy of his late wife. Then, following the death of Rainier in 2005, Albert acceded to the throne and relied on the support of his sister. “I was raised with a sense of duty, obedience and guilt,” she once said. “What I had to do always came before what I wanted to do.” By that point, Albert had already met his future wife, having been introduced in 2000 at the Mare Nostrum swim meet in Monaco. The Prince’s relationship with Charlene was revealed to the world six years later at the Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony in Turin, Italy. They married in the Throne Room of the Prince's Palace in July 2011. According to Royal Central, an attempt to quash rumours of a strained relationship between Charlene and Caroline was made by the Palace at the time. It was claimed that the hairpiece Charlene wore on the day was a loan from Caroline, clearly signifying the two women shared a good relationship. Through her Monte Carlo Ballet patronage, Caroline designed the dresses for her sister-in-law’s flower girls, “a gesture that was intended to symbolise the acceptance of the new Princess by the entire family,” reported Royal Central. However, reports of a strained relationship remained. The two Princesses never showed any signs of tension in public. Caroline continued attending most of Monaco’s royal events and took a step back, allowing her brother’s wife to fulfil her new role. The Princess of Hanover, who has four children and seven grandchildren, was said to relish her role as a grandmother, while also carrying out her work at her patronages and charities. While she seemed content with her more low-profile life, the rumours of a rift between her and Charlene never went away. And in 2021, they were reignited when Charlene was forced to spend six months in South Africa, stranded hundreds of miles away from Monaco and her family. The Princess was suffering from an infection that prevented her from flying. When she eventually made the journey back, it was only a few days before she left Monaco once again, checking herself into a treatment facility in Switzerland to recover from a mysterious illness. As she did back in 1982, Caroline quietly stepped up, regaining her position next to her brother. However, she was “always aware that it does not carry the same weight,” according to Royal Central. “She is not the next in line of succession to the throne anymore, and her niece and nephew have almost always been next to her.” Before Albert was born, Caroline was the Hereditary Princess of Monaco and heir presumptive to the throne. Despite being 14 months older than her brother, male precedence still applies in the Principality, meaning Albert became next in line to the throne. Then, when Albert succeeded their father, Caroline reclaimed the role but only until the birth of Albert’s twins, her niece Gabriella and nephew Jacques in 2014. As historian Marlene Koenig explained on her blog in 2012: “Monaco's succession is not gender equal, but male primogeniture. Neither the Constitution nor the House Laws, which were also amended in 2002, refer to a female Sovereign or a female heir. The laws refer to a male heir, apparent or presumptive.” DON'T MISS:Meghan and Harry slammed for 'wanting royal title just to earn money' [REVEAL]Meghan and Harry snub Christmas invite from Charles, expert claims [INSIGHT]Sarah Ferguson's ex-lover called for 'honest' advice for Andrew [REPORT] The relationship between the twins and their aunt was believed to have grown stronger as their mother received medical attention; Caroline was often spotted taking care of her brother’s children during official ceremonies. Last year, after spending several months outside of Monaco, Charlene returned to public duties. In March, the Princess told the French publication Nice-Matin that she was on the road to recovery but still felt weak: “The road has been long, difficult and so painful. I don’t want to go too fast, but today I feel calmer,” she explained. The following month, Charlene made her first public appearance with her husband and their children at the Monaco E-Prix. As the year progressed, the Princess made more and more appearances, attending a Red Cross Gala, entertaining guests on the Palace grounds, and travelling to the Vatican for a private meeting with Pope Francis. In an interview with People magazine last year, Albert explained how much more his wife had been engaging in public life since her health had improved. He said Charlene was focusing on projects she was passionate about and revealed she had been visiting charities regularly and had made visits to “people in their homes”. Meanwhile, Caroline has continued to carry out her responsibilities: she has maintained her many patronages, and primarily focuses on her duties within the Red Cross and the Princess Grace Foundation. She has rarely given interviews, seemingly preferring to let her work speak for itself. Earlier this month, Albert, Charlene and Caroline attended the funeral of the late Bernard Barsi, the former Archbishop of Monaco who officiated the Prince and Princess of Monaco’s wedding 12 years ago. He also officiated at the funeral of Prince Rainier III back in April 2005 and baptised their children, Jacques and Gabriella. Charlene and Caroline paid their respects while wearing the same mantilla. The Princesses occasionally attend the same royal events; back in November, they celebrated Monaco’s National Day over a weekend of engagements. Charlene was accompanied by her husband and their children, while Caroline was spotted with members of her family. The two women posed for photographs together upon their arrival. Referring to the Princess’ so-called rift, Royal Central reported: “it is a delicate balance to strike, but Princess Caroline and Princess Charlene seem to have found their way of navigating the issue”.