Wout Weghorst could inherit a rogue shirt number at Manchester United ahead of his January loan switch. He may also be eyeing up Cristiano Ronaldo's No 7 if the club will allow it as he prepares to replace the Old Trafford icon in Erik ten Hag's attack until July. Express Sport understands United have agreed a compensation fee with Besiktas to terminate his loan contract in Istanbul. As part of the complicated transfer triangle, he is now technically a Burnley player again but is expected to complete his Red Devils move this week. Besiktas had initially shown reluctance to part ways with the 30-year-old striker until they had a replacement in place. But he made it clear he wouldn't miss out on the opportunity of a lifetime, and the Turkish giants have accepted around £2.7m to cut his loan short. Weghorst's options of eminent shirt numbers are limited, bizarrely, given how thin Ten Hag is in his striker department. Express Sport looks at the four most likely options as the 6 foot 6 Dutchman descends on Old Trafford. The No 7 is the most prestigious shirt available at United, previously donned by the likes of Ronaldo, David Beckham, Eric Cantona and George Best. So perhaps it's unlikely a short-term loanee will inherit it from his predecessor. Weghorst may try his luck and ask to follow in the footsteps of some of the club's greatest legends. But many expect Antony or Jadon Sancho to be in line to pick it up at the end of the season. Weghorst has worn two shirt numbers while representing the Netherlands national team - 14 and 19. Christian Eriksen and Raphael Varane occupy both, but 15 is available after Andreas Pereira's summer exit. Adnan Januzaj and Daley Blind are other recent bearers of the shirt, but Nemanja Vidic was its most established owner. DON'T MISS: Man Utd get advice over signing Depay instead of securing Weghorst If Weghorst can't have 14, the next best alternative might be 24, only previously worn by seven other United players. It hasn't been occupied since the 2020/21 season when Timothy Fosu-Mensah left Old Trafford. Only six players have previously donned the No 27 shirt, and Weghorst could be the seventh if he wants an alternative to Ronaldo's No 7. Alex Telles is currently on loan at Sevilla but isn't thought to have a future at United after Tyrell Malacia's summer arrival. The shirt's previous wearers include Federico Macheda... remember him? Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here