Liverpool are set to be without Virgil van Dijk for a longer period than expected due to the hamstring injury he suffered during the defeat at Brentford. It is reported that the issue is worse than first feared. Van Dijk was taken off at half-time of the match at the Gtech Community Stadium. He was one of three players to be substituted, alongside Harvey Elliott and Kostas Tsimikas. It has since emerged that the latter two were taken off for tactical reasons. However, Van Dijk was replaced by Joel Matip due to a hamstring problem. Speaking after the match, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp insisted the issue was not serious. He claimed the centre-back was only taken off as a precaution. Klopp told beIN SPORTS: “Virgil felt the hamstring a little bit. He said he is fine, but when I said we don’t take any risks, the physios were quite happy with that. READ MORE: Man Utd owners the Glazers may make U-turn and allow bonus signing  “I think it is nothing serious, but that’s why we changed him. In the other two positions, we wanted to have fresh legs and different skill sets.” However, The Times now report that Van Dijk is set to be out for longer than expected. The injury is worse than both the player and medical staff first feared and he is set to miss the next few weeks at least. The news will come as a huge blow to the Reds. Van Dijk remains their superior central defender despite a slightly below-par season so far from the 31-year-old. He could be set to miss a tough run of fixtures for Liverpool. Klopp's side host Wolves in the third round of the FA Cup on Saturday evening. DON'T MISSTottenham missed trick with £35m Newcastle signing after Arsenal showingChelsea need two things to happen to hijack Mudryk Arsenal move this monthArsenal have 'next Ferdinand' who Arteta can build around after Newcastle draw  The following weekend they travel to Brighton, who smashed four past Merseyside rivals Everton on Tuesday. Chelsea visit Anfield on January 21 before an away trip to Molineux and then the second derby against the Toffees this season on February 13. Ibrahima Konate returned to the Liverpool side at Brentford following his exploits at the World Cup. Ahead of the match, Jamie Carragher claimed he and Van Dijk were the Reds' best centre-back pairing. However, it appears that Klopp may not be able to field the duo at the same time while Van Dijk recovers from his injury. Carragher said on Sky Sports: "I think that's the future and I don’t think it’s the future, I think it’s the right now. "That is Liverpool’s two best centre backs, I think he was very unfortunate not to play in the World Cup final. He was brilliant in the Champions League final last season if you remember, against Real Madrid, and I think Liverpool have got a top player on their hands there, him and Virgil van Dijk right now is the best that Liverpool can go."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here