It was always an appalling idea for him to write a memoir so soon, even the Duke of Windsor waited for 15 years until he abdicated. They have successfully played on our insatiable desire for anything royal - and the coverage was vast. This, for me, proves conclusively that they are hypocrites. They seem to relish attacking the Royal Family, yet have contracts with Netflix, Spotify and Random House, which published ” Spare”, only because they are members of it. They have constantly claimed that their privacy is being invaded - but deliberately and cruelly do exactly the same to others. Is the reason this memoir has no index to make the claims in it more difficult to access? Harry has been well served by his ghostwriter JR Moehringer, whose descriptive powers are considerable and it is highly unlikely he did not recommend this. He is haunted by the loss of his mother which is truly tragic. Diana is a major player in the book and the heart of any reader goes out to someone who has been so traumatised. Indeed he has suffered, the fact that he has been in therapy for years would lead one to hope his existence had become more benign. The domestic part of it has - and it is surely perverse he wants senior royals to suffer because of his revelations. The main accusation is that he and Meghan and their family were actually driven out by the Royal Family which maliciously colluded with the press to make their lives impossible. He wants, it seems, some sort of apology from the Palace. Yet no convincing evidence is produced to back this up. When the Sussexes were on Oprah, much of what they said was questionable or untrue and she never probed.  There has been little in-depth questioning in Harry’s interviews for “Spare”. He was asked on 60 Minutes why they didn’t give up their titles as Duke and Duchess of Sussex and Harry replied huffily that it would make no difference, which is clearly untrue. He has, understandably, been obsessed by security and is currently bringing a case against the Home Office's decision not to grant him police protection when he and his family visit Britain and offering to pay for it himself. It was therefore highly ill-judged to reveal the number of Taliban insurgents he had personally killed during his second tour of duty in Afghanistan - removing them, he wrote, “like chess pieces” off a board. This clearly potentially jeopardises his security and that of his family. Also, it is surely irresponsible to rubbish the written report of the inquest into his mother’s death. Conspiracy theorists will find succour in his claims that there are unanswered questions as this has been such an emotive issue. The shock initial headline after early copies became available, was William’s alleged assault on Harry and the intensity of his resentment of his older brother has to be read to be believed. He sees a chance to do some character assassination, whilst claiming on television he would never hurt anyone, which can be easily proved to be untrue simply by reading “Spare”. He says he wants reconciliation but no one could possibly trust him or Meghan, anything said or texted to them might appear subsequently in the media.  The press is the other villain. This was expected, press intrusion can be hideous and the paparazzi are indeed lower than vermin. There should, however, have been a mention of the agreement with the media which allowed Harry to go to Afghanistan for his first tour of duty. Also, the paparazzi, though undoubtedly dangerous, are less so in the age of social media. There are good reasons for the “never complain, never explain” response of the royal family to press controversy, but these are ignored. Harry and Meghan’s behaviour towards the royal family has been atrocious. It is well summed up in his own phrase, when, with William, he condemned the treachery of Diana’s former butler, Paul Burrell, “a cold and overt betrayal”. Richard Fitzwilliams is a royal commentator, film critic and public relations consultant who has given over 1200 interviews on television. He was Editor of The International Who’s Who from 1975 to 2001. 