Getting a poached egg right on every attempt is something that many budding chefs struggle with, but one TikTok creator has a hack she says will ensure you get the "perfect" poach. Maddy is a food influencer who shares cooking videos with her audience of 527.8K followers on the TikTok page @cafemaddy. She revealed that all you need for the perfect poached egg is a sieve, some distilled vinegar and a little patience. Maddy explained: "Here's how to poach your egg perfectly every single time. First crack your egg onto a sieve so the watery parts of the egg white are filtered out and then into a simmering pot of water add distilled vinegar." Maddy recommends using half a tablespoon of vinegar. Clear, distilled vinegar is touted as"the best vinegar" to use for poaching eggs by HouseandGarden. READ MORE: Best method to cook 'delicious' Brussels sprouts - it’s not boiling As vinegar is an inherently acidic material, a few drops added into boiling water will increase the rate of denaturing. The process will occur faster and help the poached egg hold its shape, ensuring the white does not separate from the yolk. However, if you do not have distilled vinegar to hand, other forms of vinegar can also work in a similar way. Any light-coloured vinegar will work, including apple cider vinegar, however dark vinegar such as balsamic may leave your egg an odd colour or with a strong flavour. Maddy continued: "Stir and then carefully put your egg into the water. Gently stir around the egg just so the egg doesn't stick to the bottom of the pot and then once we get a nice, round shape, simmer for another five minutes." DON'T MISSBoiled egg cutting hack has trained chefs amazed [INSIGHT]'Fuss-free' turkey carbonara recipe to use up leftovers [RECIPE]Jamie Oliver shares his ‘old-school’ bubble & squeak recipe [EXPLAINER] Maddy's egg poaching trick has so far received 41.8K "likes" on TikTok, along with 145 comments. Amy said: "I’m 32 and still can’t make poached eggs! They seem to just go everywhere! Thank you I’ll try this." Another user named Haerin added: "I made this and it was soooo good." [SIC] However, others users felt the egg was in the pan for too long. Mekasikitoka said: "Five mins makes eggs hard. Two to three is enough." [SIC] Begin by cracking an egg into a small sieve. Make sure to place a bowl or mug underneath the sieve to catch any liquid which runs through. Using a sieve will help to separate any watery bits of the egg white which may ruin the shape of your poached egg. Next, fill a pot with water and place it on the hob to simmer. Once simmering, add half a tablespoon of distilled vinegar. Stir to create a slow whirlpool in the centre of the water. Next, gently place your egg into the water and stir around the egg to maintain a vortex effect. This will ensure the egg does not stick to the bottom of the pot. Once your egg takes shape, allow it to simmer. Maddy recommends doing this for five minutes, but the longer you leave your egg the harder its yolk will be. Experts from BBC Good Food recommend leaving your egg to cook for three to four minutes, or until the egg white is visibly set.