Oleksandr Usyk has once again been mocking Tyson Fury ahead of their mouthwatering clash in the ring. The two world champions are finally set to settle their differences, with a proposed fight expected to take place in the coming months. The bout is one of the most highly anticipated in boxing, with Fury currently holding the WBC heavyweight title, whilst Usyk has the WBA, IBF, and WBO heavyweight crowns. Ahead of their proposed fight, the pair came face-to-face following Fury’s recent victory over Derek Chisora last month. The Ukrainian star was ringside at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium to watch the Gypsy King’s comprehensive victory, before the pair shared verbals after Usyk approached the ring post-fight. Since then the pair have exchanged blows across social media. Most significantly, both fighters have pin-pointed their opponent’s physique with Fury often labelling the heavyweight champion a ‘blown-up middleweight’. Usyk’s method of attack in the squabble has been to fat shame the Mancunian fighter. JUST IN: Deontay Wilder goes full Conor McGregor as fans express concerns about strange tweets  In his latest jibe the Ukrainian boxer is seen training in a swimming pool, whilst poking fun at his rival’s ‘belly’. In the training video, Usyk is heard commenting: “Hey belly, I am coming for you!” Before tapping his hands on his stomach. The WBA, IBF, and WBO heavyweight champion of the world’s jibe comes days after the Gypsy King’s dad John Fury also took a shot at Usyk’s build. He told JOE: “He [Usyk] got out of a swimming pool yesterday and he looked like his body had departed from him. “I don’t know what has happened to him, he looked like a bag of bones coming out of a swimming pool. He has got no structure, no frame at all to mess with. The Gypsy King at 20 stone, entering the ring a six-foot nine powerhouse has got skill and heart and can do 25 rounds. “Usyk is a good little fighter at middleweight and light heavyweight… but he can not mess with the big guys. I was shocked when he came out of that pool, but how has he got like he has got fighting Anthony Joshua, to that poor excuse of a man?” 