My 600-lb Life tracks the real-life stories of people who weigh over 600 lbs and their journey to lose weight in order to qualify for life-changing surgery. During the TLC show’s first season, Donald Shelton stunned viewers by dropping over 300 lbs and now looks completely different compared to his time on the series. Donald originally weighed in at 675 lbs before he decided to make a change by sharing his story on the popular reality series. He was introduced to viewers in 2012 at the age of 34 and had been put in a wheelchair in 2007 due to developing Guillain-Barre syndrome. The reality star opened up about his addiction to food as well as substance abuse issues. His addictions were having a severe effect on both his physical well-being and mental health, so Donald was determined to make a change. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger During My 600-lb Life’s first season, he travelled to Texas to meet with the series’ presenter Dr Now for help. Dr Now’s strict regime of diet and exercise ensured Donald was able to lose enough weight to get gastric bypass surgery, which led to further weight loss down to 295 pounds. However, the procedure caused him walking issues and he later slipped into a coma, leading to his diagnosis of Guillain-Barre syndrome. As he was too weak to walk, Donald’s wheelchair use led to a further weight gain of 200 lbs. Even so, he was determined to keep off the pounds and has clearly been able to lead a healthier lifestyle going by his latest social media images. Over 10 years after his appearance in the series, Donald looks completely different thanks to his weight loss as well as the addition of a thick beard. He continues to use a wheelchair, and while he isn’t looking for a girlfriend or wife he has claimed he “still has fun and gets out to do stuff.” Donald and his mother Mary are currently running a fundraiser for $40,000 towards a new handicapped van. DON'T MISS:1000-lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton welcomes new addition to family [UPDATE]The Handmaid’s Tale fans fume over Tuello’s Serena blunder [BACKLASH]Outlander fans slam glaring Brianna Fraser omission [OPINION] A GoFundMe page organised by Donald’s cousin Kelli Martin has raised $1,180 so far. The post reads: “Hi everyone, I am fundraising to try to help Mary Shelton and Donald Shelton get a reliable handicapped van. “Aunt Mary is always helping everyone with anything they need so let’s try to help her this time, please. “The handicapped van she has now has been a blessing but it’s not as reliable as it used to be.” “They need this van so she is able to transport Donald and she also takes people from her church that are handicapped to church. “Little Donald was put in a wheelchair in 2007 due to Guillain-Barre syndrome and she lost her husband Donald six years ago. “I know money is tight for everyone right now but every little bit will help. Thank you so very much in advance.” New seasons of My 600-lb Life are still airing on TLC, and viewers can catch up with the stories in the spin-off series, My 600-lb Life: Where Are They Now? My 600-lb Life season 11 premieres on TLC in the USA on Wednesday, February 1.