Jurgen Klopp and Pep Guardiola have both sung the praises of Newcastle star Allan Saint-Maximin previously, though they may no longer need to fear the winger by the end of the January transfer window. The forward is reportedly pushing to leave St James’ Park, with numerous European clubs interested in securing his signature. Saint-Maximin has made 12 Premier League appearances so far this season, scoring once and assisting three. The Frenchman has struggled for minutes of late under Eddie Howe though, last starting a match for the club in early November. According to CalcioMercato, the 25-year-old is keen to leave Newcastle this month and his agent has been offering him to several different clubs. AC Milan have shown the most interest in the forward but are unlikely to meet the Magpies’ asking price for his services. Instead, they are hoping to sign Saint-Maximin on loan with an option to buy, though the move may rest on whether Newcastle are able to sign Anthony Gordon from Everton – with the player currently refusing to train with the club. Saint-Maximin has earned plenty of plaudits since joining the Magpies from Nice in 2019, with his pace and trickery consistently catching the eye. Speaking after Manchester City faced the Toon Army previously, Guardiola said: “Newcastle are becoming one of the toughest opponents for sure, Allan Saint-Maximin is really dangerous.” The comments were later echoed by Klopp, who spoke of how Saint-Maximin had formed a lethal partnership with Joelinton. He explained: "Mr Saint-Maximin is a proper footballer, he was injured and that was a blow but along with Joelinton they play really well together.” It remains to be seen whether Newcastle are willing to grant Saint-Maximin his departure wish in what remains of the month or whether they feel that he could prove to be a valuable asset for the second half of the campaign. Howe’s side are currently third in the Premier League and just six points behind second-placed City. Finishing in the top four would be a significant sign of progress being made by the Magpies, though it is widely believed that they will need further investment in what remains of the window if they are to mount a serious charge. Along with Gordon, Howe is hoping to sign a midfielder before February arrives, with Leicester City star Youri Tielemans and Brighton’s Moises Caicedo both admired in Tyneside and proven in the top flight.