Prince Harry's memoir has had a disastrous impact on the Duke of Sussex's public image, an expert has claimed. The 416-page book, titled Spare, includes serious allegations against the press and the Royal Family - including the mention of a physical attack the Duke of Sussex would have suffered by the hand of Prince William during a heated discussion on Meghan Markle. The memoir, which in its first week of sales has broken the record for most physical copies of a non-fiction book sold in the UK, also delves into Harry's years in the military and focuses on his struggles to find a path as the "spare". However, Harry also seemingly compares his more demure lifestyle to his brother's whom, the Duke of Sussex claimed, was given a bigger half of the bedroom at Balmoral when they were children, had better furniture when he moved into Kensington Palace and had more funds to live and work as the heir to the throne. Some of the complaints raised by Harry in his intimate memoir have been described by a number of commentators as "petty", given the status, privilege and wealth Harry was allowed to have as a working senior royal - despite his position of "Spare". Commenting on the reputational impact some of the grievances expressed by the Duke may have had on him, commentator Laura Salvage told Express.co.uk: "With Harry’s petty grievances laid bare – including outlandish complaints about his lifestyle and privileges – the reputational impact for the Prince has been nothing other than a disaster." Ms Salvage, senior director, strategy, at Penta - a firm also working on reputational analysis and brand management - added: "If the intention was simply to sell millions of books, then Harry’s memoir and subsequent broadcast campaign can be seen as a success. "But if – as is clearly the case – Harry was attempting to win back the hearts and minds of the British public, then it has failed on all accounts." Ms Salvage noted Prince Harry's popularity has slumped in polls carried out both in the UK and in the US following the release of Spare. Speaking about what's next for the Duke, the commentator said: "Going forward, it would be wise for the Duke of Sussex to refocus his communication efforts on the positive work that he and his wife have undertaken, particularly in relation to mental health and equality. READ MORE: The rise and fall of Edward VIII — Britain’s ‘Traitor King’ "Harry will also need to work with the world’s top experts to design a coordinated and effective reputation strategy and take proactive steps to restore his personal image." A YouGov survey released on January 12, two days after Spare hit the shelves worldwide, suggested Prince Harry has now reached the lowest score ever recorded since the polling organisation started studying his popularity among British adults in 2011. The most recent analysis, conducted on 1,691 British adults between January 10 and 11, suggested Harry's favourability rate is now at -44. This means the Duke of Sussex's popularity rating is now worse than Prince Andrew's among those aged over 65s. The US, which has become the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's home in the spring of 2020, also appear to have turned on Prince Harry following a wave of revelations, claims and criticism against the Royal Family - on which the Palace has not commented.  Data collected by the same pollster as recently as on December 5 had put Harry at +38. The latest poll also suggested 44 percent of US voters said Harry was wrong to include details of private family conversations in his book, while 26 percent said he was right to do so.