Riley Keough, daughter of Lisa Marie Presley, shared a final photo with her late mother on Instagram today. “I feel blessed to have a photo of the last time I saw my beautiful mama," the 33-year-old wrote in the caption for the snap, which she credited to actress Georgie Flores. Keough has joined many of those close to Lisa Marie who poured out their hearts on social media following the star’s untimely death at 54 due to cardiac arrest on January 12. Priscilla Presley, Lisa Marie’s mother, took to Twitter on Monday to reveal the “difficult time” she and her family have faced of late. “Thank you all for your condolences, you have touched me with your words,” Priscilla tweeted. “It has been a very difficult time but just knowing your love is out there makes a difference.” READ MORE: Amanda Holden turns heads in leg-baring look in tiny blazer dress Lisa Marie, the only daughter of Priscilla and rock and roll icon Elvis Presley, was laid to rest on Sunday in the Meditation Garden next to her son, Benjamin Keough, who died in 2020. During a memorial service for Lisa Marie held at Graceland in Memphis, Tennessee, this past Sunday, Keough's husband Ben Smith-Petersen revealed that the pair are parents to a daughter while reading aloud a tribute on behalf of Keough, who was seated in the front row. "I'm eternally grateful to have spent 33 years with you. I'm certain I chose the best mother for me in this world... I remember everything. “I remember you giving me baths as a baby. I remember the way you would cuddle me ... and the way you smelled," read Smith-Petersen onstage. "I remember all the notes you'd leave in my lunchbox every day. “I remember the feeling I'd get when I'd see you picking me up from school ... I remember how it felt to be loved by the most loving mother I've ever known. “Thank you for showing me love is the only thing that matters in this life. “I hope I can love my daughter the way you loved me, the way you loved my brother and my sisters," he continued. DONT MISS:Alec Baldwin remaining in Rust branded 'ridiculous' by Piers Morgan (PHOTOS)Cate Blanchett baffles fans as she freezes during interview (NEWS)Maya Jama insists 'I was happier than I look' in racy Love Island pics (LATEST) “Thank you for giving me strength, my heart, my empathy, my courage, my sense of humour, my manners, my temper, my wildness, my tenacity. “I’m a product of your heart. "I hope you finally know how loved you were here. Thank you for trying so hard for us," he concluded for Keough. "If I didn't tell you every day, thank you." Lisa Marie is survived by her mother Priscilla, 77; and three daughters, Riley and twins Finley and Harper Lockwood, 14, and her granddaughter. Lisa Marie was preceded in death by her son Benjamin Keough, who died by suicide at age 27 in 2020.  "My mother is certainly an inspiration to me," said Keough, adding that Lisa Marie was "a very strong, smart woman."