A couple who spent three days adrift on a paddleboard in shark-infested waters off Australia miraculously survived. The unnamed pair had been helplessly seeking help for days when their rescuer heard their screams. The fisherman said he was about to fall asleep after fishing with his father on his boat off the remote Cape Capricorn, 300 miles north of Brisbane when screams caught his attention. Intrigued by the sounds, Lorne Benussi pointed a torch into the water and spotted the couple floating past. They were "treading water" as they struggled to survive in the pouring rain and strong gusts of wind, he told the Rockhampton Morning Bulletin. Mr Benussi and his father took the matter into their own hands and rushed to their rescue. They launched the boat's dinghy and dragged the exhausted couple on board. As they took them back to his fishing boat, the couple was so weak, Mr Benussi said, that "they just collapsed, they could hardly move. They were just absolutely buggered, the pair of them."  He added: "The bloke, he must have drunk a bit of salt water. He was sort of cramping and very broken. I gave them cordial, trying to get their sugars up... they were up and down all night trying to get water." He said that when he discovered the couple, who were dressed in bikini tops and shorts and a wetsuit, they were almost completely submerged, prompting him to offer food, water and hot showers. He added: "They were very lucky. They even said a lot of boats went past them and they were yelling out and screaming out, waving their arms around, but no one saw them." The couple, a man and woman in their forties from Brisbane, had arrived on Saturday for a camping trip to the Great Barrier Reef's North West Island. According to Curtis Ferry Services owner Adam Balkin, the pair were one of roughly 25 passengers that traveled by boat from Gladstone to the island on Saturday. READ MORE: Loved-up Zara and Mike Tindall 'living the dream life' in new photos Due to the wilderness experience, Mr Balkin said visitors must come prepared, follow maritime advice before going out to sea and share plans with fellow campers in such an isolated location. He said: "There's no fires, no generators. You either gotta have battery-powered fridges or gas cooker here and bring your own water." Visitors are advised to bring VHF maritime band radios as there are no reliable communications on the island, which is only 1 sq km. When they paddleboarded off the island, a powerful rip current pulled them roughly 40 miles to the northwest, leaving them powerless in the shark-infested waters. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry's sex life confession in memoir stuns TV hosts [REPORT] Djokovic lifts lid on laying low after Aus ban as he couldn't move on [REPORT] Novak Djokovic blasts media for ruining his brand over Aus Open saga [REPORT]  Mr Benussi said: "If you were just floating in the water with no lifejacket or nothing on and you make it more than 36 hours, you've got to buy some Lotto tickets." If they had floated the "other way", Mr Benussi said, "it would’ve been a whole different story." Mr Balkin said: "It's a very unfortunate circumstance and it’s pretty rare. That’s the first time they’ve lost anyone from the island in a paddleboard situation." After spending the night on the boat, the couple was swiftly taken to a Queensland hospital by the local water police and ambulance service. The couple was later reported to be suffering from shock and exhaustion, but are now in stable condition in hospital, a spokesperson for Queensland Ambulance Service said. READ NEXT:Zara Tindall has 'outdone herself this time' as she wows in new dressTindalls come face-to-face with one of Harry's friends after claimsZara Tindall in her element as she dodges royal drama with Mike in OzHow to watch Love Island live on ITV X in UK and abroadJoshua to 'make return' against Australia's fourth-best heavyweight