Newcastle United manager Eddie Howe has spoken out after Joelinton was charged with drink driving earlier this week, admitting that the Brazilian may not play against Fulham. The 26-year-old, who was signed for £40million in 2019, is due to appear before magistrates later this month. Joelinton was charged with drink driving after being stopped in the early hours of Thursday morning. Police revealed that a 26-year-old man had been pulled over in the Ponteland Road area of Newcastle and he will appear before magistrates on January 26. It is unclear how the matter will be dealt with by the club as Howe attempts to maintain the Magpies' lofty position in the Premier League top four. Joelinton has been one of Newcastle's top performers this campaign with three goal contributions in 15 starts, while his versatility has been a key asset. "It came very much as a shock and a difficult situation. Joe is very remorseful and he was very upset yesterday," Howe told reporters on Friday. READ MORE: Man Utd boss Erik ten Hag 'facing pressure' to make transfer call on four under-performers  "I think he knows the seriousness of the situation. I can't go into too much detail out of respect for the case but I think he understands his responsibilities. We're now in a position where we're supporting him and we also understand the seriousness of the situation. "I'll make a decision [on whether he plays against Fulham] closer to the game after consultation with him. I'm not 100 per cent sure [whether he'll play]. Everything will be dealt with internally. Looking at Joe as a person, from day one, he has been a very good professional. He's passionate about his career and the club. READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFive Man Utd transfer targets off limits 'even if Glazers sell up' after UEFA rule change "I was very much surprised by what happened but we will back him and support him, while educating him and helping him at this moment. I think that's very important because he's very young and everyone makes mistakes. It's important that we don't overreact." Joelinton rose through the ranks with Sport Recife in his home country of Brazil but made his first foray into European football as a teenager, when he was snapped up by Bundesliga outfit Hoffenheim. A fruitful two-year loan spell with Rapid Wien and a long-awaited breakthrough in Germany encouraged Newcastle to part with what, at the time, was a club-record transfer fee.  The former Brazilian youth international initially disappointed on Tyneside, scoring just six league goals across his first two campaigns. Things started to pick up when Howe moved him back into central midfield, however, and he has also been dangerous on the wing this term. Newcastle are on a tremendous run of form with their only league defeat of the season coming against Liverpool at the end of August. On Sunday they host Fulham, who powered into the top six by beating Chelsea on Thursday evening.