Rylan Clark has teased the upcoming Eurovision Insignia Handover with a behind-the-scenes photo as the presenter touched down in Liverpool on Monday. But it was a photo the BBC broadcaster shared of himself which caught Ricky Gervais' attention. Taking to Twitter, the Radio 2 broadcaster shared a selfie at the host venue, St George's Hall. Rylan told his 1.7 million followers: "Here we go @Eurovision 2023 kicks off tomorrow! As we are all ‘United By Music’ #Eurovision2023." In the photo, the presenter could be seen sporting a blue silk shirt which he tucked into a pair of fitted black jeans paired with leather boots. Ricky couldn't resist reacting to the picture, as he penned: "Never mind all that... look at the length of your f*****g legs!" READ MORE: Ageless Jane Fonda wows in snakeskin print after cancer battle Rylan replied: "Lol [laugh out loud]."(sic) Social media users rushed to comment on the post as fans reacted to the comedian's cheeky comment. Michele wrote: "And lovely legs they are!" Erik commented: "Hey at the end of the day, you still win, as you are taller than +95 [per cent] of us."  Lila gushed: "Legs for days." Lady McCreadie jibed: "Almost as long as yours @rickygervais." Tony quizzed: "Have you seen how tall he is?" While C7 added: "You’re just jealous." DON'T MISS... Ulrika Jonsson slams 'arrogant' Prince Andrew after awkward encounter[LATEST]Loose Women's Denise Welch claims Harry and Meghan ‘were bullied out'[ROYALS]Happy Days star Cindy Williams dies leaving 'insurmountable sadness'[TRIBUTES] Rylan returned to Liverpool for a live Eurovision event, and he'll be joined by AJ Odudu. They will also be joined by young people from a local Liverpool school and members of the Ukrainian community who have settled in Liverpool since the outbreak of the conflict. A live, invited audience will watch as a draw determines which country will compete in which semi-final of the singing competition, when it takes place in May. It will also decide which semi-final the big five (Spain, UK, France, Germany and Italy) will vote in, as well as 2022 winners Ukraine. The programme will also see the Mayor of 2022 host city Turin, Stefano Lo Russo hand over the official keys of the Eurovision Song Contest, known as the Insignia, to the Mayor of Liverpool, Joanne Anderson and will be the night the 2023 Contest’s unique look and slogan is unveiled. The semi-finals on 9 and 11 May will see 31 competitors whittled down to 20 acts by the public - in a change to the rules - ahead of the grand final on 13 May. Sharing the news on Instagram earlier this month, Rylan simply said: "Let’s get @eurovision 2023 started." He also posted a graphic of himself and AJ superimposed onto a background featuring Liverpool's Albert Dock. Fans were clearly loving the partnership as Sadie said: "Oof, dream team!", while Charlotte said: "Can't wait", and Kate said: "What a great team". 