Who is the Queen Consort’s closest friend in the Royal Family? Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to body language expert Judi James about Queen Camilla’s inner circle. Queen Camilla is a loving wife, mother, grandmother and great-grandmother who cherishes her family dearly. But as for friendship, Camilla seems totally comfortable with one royal in particular, according to Judi. And despite her "nervous" nature, she is able to relax fully around this person. Interestingly, according to the body language expert, Camilla’s best friend is her total opposite. She said: ‘’Camilla’s body language can define her as the most unsure and nervous royal.’ READ MORE: Kate 'lost' her 'partner in crime' but found 'replacement' - claims  Princess Anne however, ‘’appears to not have one nervous or anxious bone in her body’’. But despite their differences, Judi observed that something about the Princess Royal puts the Queen Consort at ease. She continued: ‘’Anne is still the one royal that Camilla seems to greet and respond to using body language rituals that suggest some level of genuine friendship. "Camilla looks unusually happy, comfortable and even keen to use direct and sustained eye contact with Anne and will mirror her body language to create a sense of synchronicity and like-mindedness." But how does Princess Anne influence her fellow royal and sister-in-law? According to Judi, "Camilla seems to be feeding off both Anne’s confidence and stoic approach". There's also the element of their "shared history and passions that include both horses and (apparently) taste in men". Camilla and Anne also share the unique experience of being senior royal women in the Royal Family. They have both been under the spotlight for years - Anne her whole life - so may bond over the trials and tribulations of such positions. READ MORE: 'Toe-curling' moment for royals caught on camera - video  However, Judi did question how the friendship will fare now that Camilla is in her new role and remarked that it "could test this friendship". When Queen Elizabeth II sadly passed away on September 8, 2022, Charles became King and Camilla, Queen Consort. "Camilla is now not only above Anne in the royal pecking order, she has now taken the role of Queen in the place of Anne’s beloved mother," the body language expert said. "Anne’s closeness to the late Queen was never illustrated more than during the funeral and Anne is very much the family’s champion when it comes to regal behaviour and protocols. "Anne is an old-school royal and it will be interesting to see how she reacts now the woman whose rise in the royal ranks has far exceeded expectations," Judi added.