Mayor of Kingstown is an epic prison thriller based on co-creator Hugh Dillon's experiences growing up near Kingston Penitentiary in Canada. He partnered up with Yellowstone's Taylor Sheridan to bring the drama to life on Paramount+ and is now almost ready for its second outing. While speaking to Express.co.uk, Dillon opened up about the impact Sheridan had on him in the early days of his screenwriting career. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from Mayor of Kingstown.Actor, writer and singer Hugh Dillon's career first started when he moved to London and started songwriting, squatting and playing music on the streets to make money. He quickly realised he had a knack for it and after a year in the UK, he moved to Toronto where he started working at a hospital, playing music for ill children. Dillon later got a record deal and is now the lead vocalist of the rock band Headstones. But the 59-year-old was determined to try something new and so pursued his other dream of acting and writing. READ MORE: Carole Malone fumes Harry 'should be banned' from 'every' royal event It was at this point in Dillon's life that he came across Yellowstone creator Taylor Sheridan who worked as his acting coach. Opening up to Express.co.uk, Dillon explained: "I had done a movie and I had to move to Los Angeles and that guy changed my life. "I knew when I met him because he had the ability to see the character on the page, see the world, and also, he's a natural teacher. "I was getting older and I was like 'How do I transition into movies because I'm really a musician?' and we would sit down and get into it. "He would explain in depth where the character came from, what his motivations were, and he could see it surgically." For decades, Dillon had the idea of creating Mayor of Kingstown, a drama based on his hometown, revolving around the fictional character Mike McLusky (played by Jeremy Renner) who acts as a go-between police officers and prisoners. Dillon knew he wanted to see the story told in either a film or TV series format but didn't know how to go about it. He continued: "By the time I said 'I have this idea, I want to write this script, he was fascinated with the darkness and the prison system and he asked me a million questions as I'm from that town. "We just got into and instead of me doing my homework for the day, we would get lost in a conversation of creating this world and we did that for 10 years until we sold it." DON'T MISS...BBC News exodus sees presenters quit as merger sparks 'humiliation' [EXPLAINER]Yellowstone fans blast Golden Globes host for mocking Kevin Costner [REACTION]SEAL Team season 7 theory: Jason to step down as Bravo 1  [THEORY] Of course, this isn't the only time Dillon and Sheridan have worked together. Dillon starred in the first four seasons of Western drama Yellowstone as Sheriff Donnie Haskell. Sadly, his story ended tragically when Donnie went to meet John Dutton (Kevin Costner) and Rip Wheeler (Cole Hauser) at the diner. Donnie was shot dead during a hold-up at the diner, leaving his friend John and viewers devastated. Series two of Mayor of Kingstown is expected to pick up from where it left off in season one. Riots broke out at the prison and Dillon's character Ian Ferguson was seeking refuge in the sewers with Kyle McLusky (Taylor Handley), waiting for the SWAT team to arrive. But are they going to be able to escape the vengeful inmates who are out for blood? Mayor of Kingstown season 2 premieres on Sunday, January 15, on Paramount+.