The shift to the later state pension age will happen in stages with the move from 66 to 67 brought forward by eight years. The move to 67 is currently set to take place between 2026 and 2028 while the move to 68 will take place between 2044 and 2046. Legislation has also changed the way the increase in state pension is phased for those born between April 6, 1960 and March 5, 1961. The changes mean that rather than reaching state pension age on a particular date, a person will reach the age when they reach a specified number of months. For those born between these dates, this is when a man or woman will retire, depending on their birth date: READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: When will you be paid as £25 payments triggered again  With the phased move to the state pension age of 68 between 2044 and 2046, this is when men and women will retire who are affected by the change:   A person can check their state pension age using a tool on the Government website. The tool will also show when they will qualify for Pension Credit and how a person can increase their pension payment. A person typically needs 30 years qualifying years of National Insurance contributions to get the full basic state pension. Those who are due to receive the new state pension will typically need 35 years of contributions. The full basic state pension is currently £141.85 a week while the full new state pension is £185.15 a week. READ MORE: Council tax discounts: What to do if you can't pay as Britons could see bills go up by 5%  A person can increase their state pension by voluntarily buying National Insurance credits. People on certain benefits such as Universal Credit may also get credits. An individual can use a tool on the Government website to find out if there are any gaps in their National Insurance record. The tool will also tell them if they can pay voluntary contributions and how much these will cost. State pension payments are to increase by 10.1 percent in April, with the full basic state pension increasing to £156.20 while the new state pension will go up to £203.85 a week. Tom Selby, head of retirement policy at AJ Bell, warned the state pension age could increase further. He said: “It would not be surprising if those in their 20s and 30s today have to wait until their 70th birthday or even beyond to receive the state pension.” The Government is to publish a review into the state pension age this year with the document set to be released before May, and a spokesperson told Express.co.uk "no decision" has been made yet, regarding the ongoing review. Many experts have predicted the review may bring forward the state pension age increase to 67 as the Government struggles to pay the rising costs of pension payments.