Lisa Marie Presley tragically died earlier this month after suffering from two cardiac arrests at the age of 54. While the world has been left in shock by Lisa’s sudden death, a new documentary dedicated to the only-child of music legend Elvis Presley claims the singer was “flush with cash” just before she died.   A new documentary, TMZ Investigates: Lisa Marie Presley: Unending Tragedy, claimed that the mother-of-four took out “up to three” different life insurance policies just before her death on January 12. The songwriter was notoriously bad with money, much like Elvis, and reportedly ran through the $100million she inherited from her father. The documentary claims Lisa was still debt-ridden at the time of her death, reportedly to the tune of $4million with $2.5million of that being owed to the IRS. In a clip from the new film obtained by Daily Mail, TMZ executive producer Charles Latibeaudiere claimed: “We found out that on the day she died, Lisa’s estate was suddenly flushed with cash.” READ MORE: Piers Morgan finally uncovers reason for health woes after three years of symptoms  Another TMZ executive producer, Harvey Levin, claimed sources close to the late singer revealed she had taken out at least three life insurance policies before her death. The source noted the first was for $25million, the second for $10million and “there may have been a third” for $10million, although they noted this may have lapsed already. At the time of her death, Lisa Marie was the owner of the famous Graceland property that has become a tourist attraction for Elvis fans, receiving hundreds of thousands of visitors every year. It has been confirmed that Lisa Marie’s three daughters, Riley, 33, Harper, 14, and Finley, 14, would inherit the mansion and are believed to be splitting the money from the life insurance policies.     Lisa Marie’s son, Benjamin, tragically took his life in July 2020 at the age of 28. Graceland was originally purchased by Elvis when he was still a rising young star for $100,000. However, after Elvis’ death in 1977 it was reportedly his ex-wife and Lisa Marie’s mother, Priscilla Presley, 77, who fixed up the property allowing it to be open to the public in 1982. Over the weekend it was reported that Priscilla had filed legal documents over Lisa Marie’s trust.   The singer’s living trust was first executed in 1993 and changed in 2010, according to legal papers obtained by the New York Post. The amendment eliminated Priscilla and Lisa Marie’s former business manager, Barry Siegel, as trustees, writing in Riley and the late Benjamin instead. In the new documents, Priscilla has reportedly asked a judge to set aside this change claiming that the signature on the amendments is “inconsistent” with Lisa Marie’s name also being misspelled. Priscilla’s new filing also claims that she found a document after her daughter’s death with an amendment dated 2016.   Lisa Marie and Barry Siegel had a notorious legal battle in 2018, which publicised the star’s financial situation. The singer sued her business manager saying his mismanagement of funds saw her $100million inheritance running down to just $14,000 by 2016 and claimed his business decisions left her with $500,000 credit card debt. She had originally appointed Barry in 2003 when she embarked on her own musical career, and two years later the businessman sold off 85 percent of Lisa Marie’s share in Elvis Presley Enterprises. This move saw Lisa Marie losing most of her control of her father’s name and image rights, but Barry reportedly claimed the deal was made to help the singer pay off her $20million debts. Express.co.uk has contacted Priscilla Presley and Riley Keough’s representatives for comment.