Shocking footage shows a tornado ripping through southern parts of the US as at least 16 twisters have been recorded this year already. CCTV captured on a building in Arkansas shows a tornado crashing through an athletics track floodlight as freak weather patterns batter millions nationwide. Devastation in the south comes as west coast California endures a bomb cyclone of rain, causing flooding and evacuations. Many of the tornado reports occurred in the southern states of Arkansas, Louisiana, Tennessee, Mississippi and Georgia, according to the Storm Prediction Center. At least two were emerged as of Wednesday morning, with peak winds of upto 122mph. The Moffett family in Jonesboro, Louisiana, who shared how horrific the gusts were. "Before we could even get to the bathroom door, the wind was already blowing through the house, and I turned to look," dad Greg Moffett told Accuweather.  "You could see light coming through the ceiling." Mum Kelley Moffett added: "When it came through, she's (her daughter) in the bottom of the bathtub, she's screaming and I'm laying on top of her. "It was so loud you couldn't even hear her scream. It was horrible. "I've never -- we've been here like I said 26 years and I've never been through anything like this." READ MORE: Baby dead in bomb cyclone horror The terrifying tornado footage emerged from the town of Jessieville, in Arkansas. The Garland County Sheriff's Office said 14 homes, three commercial buildings, and seven other buildings at Jessieville School District were damaged. Deputy Courtney Krazier with the Garland County Sheriff's Office said the potential storm hit the Jessieville area around 2.44pm on Monday. They said no one was severely injured. The National Weather Service also said a part of other parts of the region were hit by a tornado on Tuesday night. Two farms were struck, which uprooted trees, damaged homes and destroyed one outbuilding. The force of the tornado was strong enough to scatter debris up to a mile away from the outbuilding and rotate a truck 180 degrees. It comes as at least two people, including a baby, have died after a bomb cyclone struck the US west coast, leaving 170,000 without power. Heavy rain and wind speeds of 85mph has struck central California, as residents are warned to charge their phones with more outages anticipated. Two weeks ago, at least 60 people were killed after a bomb cyclone brought heavy snowfall to the US, with eastern areas such as New York badly hit. 