Nick Kyrgios believes Novak Djokovic is far from being finished in the men's game after clinching his record-equalling 22nd Grand Slam title with a straight-sets victory over Stefanos Tsitsipas in the Australian Open final. Djokovic has now returned to the world No 1 spot after picking up his 10th Australian Open title, extending his incredible winning streak in the Melbourne major to 28 matches. His last defeat in the Australian Open came way back in 2018 and he's won nine of the last 12 tournaments Down Under that he's competed in. He did this while dealing with a troublesome hamstring injury throughout the tournament. But the issue gave him no troubles in the second week of the Slam as he rolled past Alex de Minaur, Andrey Rublev and Tommy Paul to reach the final. Tsitsipas was expected to put up a much tougher test as the Greek star had impressed in reaching just his second major final. However, he struggled to get going in the opening set and Djokovic continued to set the tone throughout the match. Tsitsipas' best chance to bring the match level came in the second-set tiebreak, but Djokovic shut down any opportunity of his opponent breaking him. MUST READ: Stefanos Tsitsipas labels Djokovic GOAT in touching Aus Open speech Nothing separated the pair in the third set either, but Djokovic once again stepped it up when it mattered most in the tiebreak to eventually win in straight sets. It further solidifies Djokovic's place in the history books, and Kyrgios believes there is even more to come from the Serbian tennis icon. Kyrgios tweeted: "Haha I told you. We created a monster. Well done @DjokerNole…. Sat on my couch and enjoyed the entire show. soak it all in…." In a separate post, the Aussie - who missed the tournament with injury - wrote: "He will get to 28 slams, easy." After Djokovic's celebrations, he put on a jacket with the numbers '22' on the chest. And that bold statement got the seal of approval from Kyrgios, who wanted "more". "The jacket with 22 on it is elite energy, haha I love it…. NEED MORE," Kyrgios said. Djokovic said in his winner's speech afterwards: "What a journey it's been for my team. I don't take anything for granted. I know you guys are tolerating sometimes the worst sides of my character, on and off the court. I appreciate the patience and the love. "Why are you laughing, Goran? I don't know if you'll ever forgive me for what I've done to you guys over the years. But I have to repeat it, this trophy is as much yours as it is mine." "I have to say, this has been one of the most challenging tournaments I've played in my life considering the circumstances. Not playing last year, coming back this year. I want to thank all the people who made me feel welcome and comfortable to be in Melbourne and Australia. "There's a reason why I've played my best tennis on this court in front of the legendary Rod Laver. Thank you for being present tonight, sir. I try to pinch myself and live through these moments.