Ahead of her latest TV role airing on BBC this week, Elaine Paige, 74, appeared on Good Morning Britain to chat with Ben Shephard and Kate Garraway about it. She'll be appearing in Father Brown on Friday, and paid a sweet tribute to the star of the show Mark Williams, describing him as "kind and welcoming". Elaine plays celebrity florist Octavia Eden, who is newly returned from a successful spell in London to her Cotswolds roots. Talking about the role, she explained: "There you are, you're plonked in the middle of the Costwolds, all that beautiful scenery and it was just a very happy experience." Paying tribute to Mark, she continued: "[It's] a fantastic cast, Mark Williams, of course, leading the cast as the sleuth catholic priest. "[He's a] lovely man and [was] kind and welcoming. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz "Because obviously, as you know, there's a core cast and then the few of us guests that come in every week. "He and everyone are so welcoming and it's a real lovely family feel about it." "There's a bit of nostalgia," Ben pointed out. "The 1950s, the set, the styling, the look of it." "Exactly," the actress agreed. "That was brilliant. To be able to research and look into how I thought the character should look and the hairstyles and the hats. "So to get involved in the detail of the 1950s was such fun." Talking about Elaine's casting and episodes in the series, Harry Potter star Mark recently commented: "We’ve had Elaine Paige as well playing a celebrity florist. "She was marvellous. We had Flambeau’s return, too. "That was a very good cut and thrust episode. There was a lot of swash buckled." DON'T MISS... Karren Brady details 'demanding' part of being The Apprentice aide [EXCLUSIVE]BBC's Charlie snaps as Lisa Nandy swerves 'levelling up' probe [VIDEO]Jackie Stewart heartbreak as he says wife is 'lost in many ways' [LATST] Having first aired 10 years ago in 2013, the drama has become a global hit. Based on the stories by GK Chesterton, fans are pleased to have more instalments centring around the crime-solving priest. John Burton has starred in the long-running role of Sergeant Goodfellow in the drama. Last week, he marked the milestone anniversary in a tweet. He wrote: "Father Brown is 10 years old today & without the brilliance of @tahsinguner & @buskeroo along with a fabulous team of scriptwriters, former/current cast & all the crew, we wouldn’t be where we are today. "Thank you to everyone who’s ever been involved - absolute superstars xxx." Fans have spotted how several cast members seem to have left the series since the season started. These include Sorcha Cusack’s Mrs McCarthy and Emer Kenny as Bunty Windermere as well as Jack Dean as Inspector Mallory. Another person was Alex Price as the con man and small-time crook Sid Carter. Father Brown continues on BBC One on Friday at 1.45pm.