Cristiano Ronaldo is earning £398,000 per Instagram post from fake followers, according to a new study. The Portugal international left Manchester United back in November. And he’s currently playing for Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia, having opted to chance his arm in a different league as he enters the twilight years of his career. Ronaldo has become the first person to reach 500 million Instagram followers, making him the most popular person in the world on Instagram. Yet a study from Livefootballtickets.com have suggested he also has many bots on his account. A study conducted using Instagram credibility tool modash.io was used to discover that Ronaldo has roughly 130,807,500 fake followers. And that means he’s pocketing a huge £398,041.11 from them as a result, a rather eye-watering amount. That is just under a quarter of his overall audience, with the veteran banking around £1,627,980.00 per post. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Long-term rival Lionel Messi, by contrast, supposedly earns £195,194.80 from fake followers. Neymar and Kylian Mbappe pocket £116,287.12 and £52,982.20 respectively from bots, with Real Madrid hitman Karim Benzema taking home £44,318.46. Sergio Ramos, Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Mohamed Salah, Gareth Bale and Luis Suarez also make up the top ten, with the quintet all earning large sums through fake followers. Ronaldo’s social media following has actually been enhanced by his move to Saudi Arabian side Al-Nassr. And while Messi won the World Cup, the 37-year-old will likely be happy to know he’s ahead of the Paris Saint-Germain star in the social media standings. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Ronaldo and Messi are the two most-followed accounts on Instagram. Kylie Jenner, Selena Gomez and Dwayne Johnson make up the rest of the top five. And Ariana Grande, Kim Kardashian, Beyonce, Khloe Kardashian and Justin Bieber are all popular on the platform as well. Speaking at his Al-Nassr unveiling earlier in the month, meanwhile, Ronaldo insisted he was there to keep winning. "I'm feeling very good. I'm so proud to make this big decision in my life,” he said. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "In Europe, my work is done; I won everything, I played at the most important clubs in Europe and for me now, it's a new challenge. "This is a great opportunity. Nobody knows this but I had many opportunities in Europe, many clubs in Brazil, in Australia, in the US and even in Portugal. "Many clubs tried to sign me but I gave my word to this club to develop not only the football but other parts of this amazing country." And he added: "I'm a unique player. I beat all the records there. “I want to beat a few records here. This contract is unique but I'm a unique player, so for me it's normal. "Many people speak and give their opinions but they really do know nothing about football. “It's not the end of my career to come to Saudi Arabia. I really don't worry about what the people say." Ronaldo is expected to feature when Al-Nassr lock horns with Al-Ittihad on Thursday (6pm).