Chelsea and Tottenham may have received a blow should they wish to reignite their summer interest in Everton’s Anthony Gordon, as the starlet has received a new offer after bids were rejected by the Toffees in the previous transfer window for the 21-year-old. The Blues had reportedly offered over £50million for the England under-21 international, but Frank Lampard’s outfit spurned their advances and Gordon remained at Goodison Park. Gordon played a key role in a breakthrough season last campaign as he helped Everton steer away from relegation, but they find themselves in another battle to avoid the drop as they are currently sitting 19th in the Premier League table. Gordon and Richarlison were the two forwards that spearheaded them to safety, and with the Brazilian having left for Tottenham, there will be fears at Goodison that Gordon could join him out the door. However, transfer expert Fabrizio Romano has claimed that interest from both Chelsea and Spurs has since cooled and Everton have offered Gordon a new contract to extend his stay at Goodison Park. Due to the signings of Mykhaylo Mudryk and Joao Felix, Graham Potter’s side are not as interested as previously in Gordon, while Spurs are thought to be prioritising other areas in their squad. Gordon may have been offered a new deal at Everton, but whether he will sign it remains to be seen amid vitriol surrounding the club. The current board were advised against attending the 2-1 defeat to Southampton on Saturday, and pressure has continued to grow on Lampard’s job. Having previously endeared himself to the Everton faithful, fans chased Gordon down the street and called him a “f*****g d******d” after their latest defeat to bottom side Southampton. He was shouted at after the game as supporters called for him to “get out of our club” as he was mobbed by several fans as he exited Goodison following the loss.  Gordon’s team-mate Yerry Mina was also confronted by fans in the street who called for the 28-year-old defender to use his leadership in their relegation battle. After the ‘sit in’ protest from the fans, they voiced their concerns to the Colombian and asked him to stay even if the Blues were playing in the Championship next season. "You're going to leave us if we go down aren't ya, if we go the Championship, you'll leave won't ya?” they said. “You'll leave. If we go down to the Championship, will you stay? No you won't. If we go down, will you stay? I want you to show heart lad.” Mina's reply was not picked up by the camera but he appeared to point to the Everton badge, which was received positively by the angry fans.