 Donald Trump could suffer a "crushing defeat" in 2024 as he is "promising things he cannot deliver", a high-ranking Republican has claimed. The 45th President returned to the campaign trail two months after launching his third successive White House bid on Saturday.  The 76-year-old touched down in New Hampshire to address Republican activists before jetting off to South Carolina's State House in Columbia. Mr Trump's critics have accused the former POTUS' campaign of lacking energy following a lacklustre set of midterm results for the Grand Old Party (GOP) in November. However, a high-ranking Republican has now suggested Mr Trump's campaign strategy could help hand victory to his Democratic opponent in 2024. The unnamed GOP source told Express.co.uk: "Trump is out there promising things he cannot deliver, such as defunding schools that teach critical race theory. "People remember his 'build a wall' promise. He didn't get it done, and now people are going to be slow to believe his campaign promises."  JUST IN: Donald Trump more 'angry and committed' than ever as ex-POTUS kickstarts 2024 campaign    "2024 is not 2016 and if he campaigns like he did in 2016, and 2020, he's going to get crushed." The comments come just days after the former POTUS unveiled his 2024 education policy which pledged to cut federal funding for any school which pushes "critical race theory, gender ideology, or other inappropriate racial, sexual or political content onto our children". Joe Biden halted the construction of Trump's wall by an executive order shortly after he entered the Oval Office in 2021, leaving large parts of Texas and Arizona unimpacted by the ex-POTUS' flagship policy. Mr Trump used his Palmetto State visit to bash Biden's administration. He said: "Joe Biden has put America on the fast track to ruin and destruction and we will ensure he does not receive four more years." READ MORE: Donald Trump's 2024 bid gets off to 'unusual' start as GOP holds out for Republican rivals     The ex-POTUS added: "The 2024 election is our one shot to save our country and we need a leader who is ready to do that on day one. Mr Trump launched his 2024 bid hoping to become just the second Commander-in-Chief to serve two non-consecutive terms in the Oval Office. Some opinion polls suggest Trump could defeat Biden in a re-run of 2020. A recent Emerson College survey handed Trump a three-point lead over his successor in the White House. DON'T MISS:Ron DeSantis Presidency would prioritise ‘EU over UK [SPOTLIGHT]Republicans ready for 'war' as Biden in ‘ugly’ situation [INSIGHT]Mike Pence 'not ready' to go toe-to-toe with Donald Trump in GOP primary, ex-aide warns [REVEALED]   However, a separate opinion poll by Morning Consult suggested Biden would defeat Trump by the same margin. Mr Trump may also face a challenge in the GOP primary race after a number of Republican rivals indicated they could look to topple the current conservative kingmaker. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, ex-UN Ambassador Nikki Haley and former Vice President Mike Pence are among those likely to enter the contest. But Mr Trump currently looks set to see off his GOP challengers. According to a Trafalgar Group poll, the 45th POTUS recently opened up a 16-point lead over DeSantis, with Ms Haley languishing behind in fourth place on just 12 percent. 