The Masked Singer returned to ITV this weekend and it saw Cat and Mouse identified as famous couple Martin and Shirlie Kemp. It was a close call between the duo and Knitting, who was almost unmasked after their performance. Viewers think they have identified the character as Doctor Who star, Jodie Whittaker. Knitting covered the 1970s during throwback week and they said the panellists still "don't have a clue" who they are. In their VT ahead of their performance, Knitting said: "A knitted gift is something with a lot of thought. "It's a kind and generous thing, which is a lot like me, I hope." The panellists described the singer as a "nice and cute person". Knitting continued: "Learning to knit is about watching and copying, and that's just what I did to learn my skill. READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums "However, I'll give you a hint, I have never been trained in something I'm very well known for." Viewers were then shown Knitting looking at a biscuit in the shape of a broken heart. The numbers 3, 5, 2, 1, 5 then appeared and Rita Ora thought the fact number 4 was missing was significant. Knitting performed a beautiful rendition of No More Tears by Donna Summer and Barbra Streisand. The panellists said she was clearly a professional singer, calling the performance "mind-blowing". Davina McCall was the first to say she thought the character was Doctor Who star, Jodie Whittaker, due to her accent. She said: "Same sort of physique, same sort of size, I know she can sing. She sang a lovely Coldplay song for Children in Need. "She is known as Doctor Who but she has never trained as a doctor." The panellists were then given a number of clues and they had to identify which one was true. Knitting said: "I was bummed out back in the day but then everything came up Rosie." DON'T MISS... ITV viewers 'switch off' minutes into John Bishop's show  [DISCUSSION] Davina McCall's appearance distracts The Masked Singer fans [VIDEO]Martin Kemp's unveiling on Masked Singer leaves son's jaw dropped [INSIGHT] The second clue was: "Time travel is blinking brilliant, isn't it?" Viewers took to Twitter to agree they thought Knitting was Jodie Whittaker. Heidi said: "I’m saying Jodie Whittaker for #Knitting still. I’m terrible at this though." Nicole Joyce said: "Jodie Whitaker for knitting! #MaskedSingerUK" Gobbynortherner added: "If knitting isn't Jodie Whittaker I'll eat my hat! #MaskedSingerUK" Luke Tizzard shared: "Knitting is definitely Jodie Whittaker, it sounds very much like her and the time travel clue was the correct one! #DoctorWho #MaskedSingerUK" Masato Jones said: "Oooh time travel could it be could it be Jodie Whittaker #MaskedSingerUK" [Sic] Sarah added: "I mean it does SOUND like Jodie Whittaker's speaking voice... #MaskedSingerUK" The star has not given anything away about whether she could be behind the mask.  The Masked Singer airs on Saturdays on ITV at 7pm