Lloyds Bank has issued a scam warning to its customers after one woman lost £120 to this payment fraud. Reported cases of this type of fraud have risen by more than 80 percent since last year with those targeted losing £711 on average. Advance fee scams occur when a victim is asked to pay an upfront fee for goods or services that don’t materialise. For example, this could be carried out for a loan, to put a deposit dow a rental property, or getting employed. As living costs rise, fraudsters are increasingly turning to this type of scam to target those who are less financially secure, with reported cases jumping by 82 percent over the last year and continuing to increase. The bank shared the story of Claire, a woman who had been shopping online for loans as she had received an unexpected bill for car repairs. After entering her details onto different comparison sites, she got a WhatsApp message from someone called ‘Sam’ who claimed to be an account manager for a loan company. READ MORE: 'World beating' Isa savings option yields 6.6% with more to come This individual offered Claire a £1,300 loan without any credit checks with monthly repayments of £120. After completing the application process and sharing personal information, she was told that to secure the loan the first month’s repayment would need to be paid up front via bank transfer. When this was done, Claire was told to pay an additional £199 for “payment protection insurance” in case she lost her job while the loan was still outstanding. However, this transaction was blocked by the bank so ‘Sam’ asked her to send the money via a different account. At this point Claire became suspicious and asked for the initial £120 payment to be returned, however the fraudster disappeared with her money. Liz Ziegler, the Fraud Prevention director, Lloyds Bank, broke how fraudsters are operating to carry out these scams. She explained: “Fraudsters will ruthlessly adapt to any changes in consumer behaviour and, with the increased cost of living putting more pressure on people’s finances, the recent surge in advance fee scams targeting those on low incomes or with a poor credit history is alarming. “The important thing to remember is that a genuine lender will always conduct thorough credit checks prior to agreeing a loan and won’t ask for an upfront payment before releasing the funds. READ MORE: Recession fears continue despite UK economy growing “If you’re concerned in any way about your finances there are lots of reputable organisations that can help, and it always makes sense to speak to your bank first. “The abundance of these fake online ads reinforces the importance of the government’s Online Safety Bill to ensure social media sites and search engines stamp out fraudsters operating on their platforms.” Rocio Concha, Which?’s Director of Policy and Advocacy, outlined how the cost of living crisis has given scammers the perfect opportunity to prey “on the most vulnerable”. Ms Concha added: “The cost of living crisis is driving many consumers to take increasingly desperate steps to make ends meet - and scammers are all too aware of this, preying on the most vulnerable for financial gain. “Which? research has shown that even those who believe they are aware of the risks of scams, and take measures to protect themselves, are still at risk of being defrauded. “This significantly increases the number of potential fraud victims, yet reimbursement rates continue to vary depending on the bank. "It is vital that proposals by the Payment Systems Regulator to introduce mandatory reimbursement in all but exceptional cases are introduced. “These will ensure fairer and more consistent treatment of victims and should help drive firms to do more to prevent fraud taking place."