Guests drove to a wedding in an eye-catching procession of luxury cars worth more than £10m. A total of 20 supercars, including Lamborghinis, Ferraris and McLarens, as well as ten Rolls-Royces gathered on a residential street in Small Heath, Birmingham, near happy couple Kasim Ali and Natasha's home. Guests then drove the powerful vehicles two miles to the ceremony in the Digbeth area of the city. The cars were hired by friends of the couple who each picked their favourite to drive, Birmingham Live reports. Kad, one wedding guest and friend of the groom, likened the procession to "scenes from Fast and Furious". The 30-year-old said: "The wedding was one of my friend's. We organised loads of supercars. All Kasim’s friends approached us and wanted to hire different cars for the wedding. "They wanted it to be a supercar showdown. They were sourced from all over the country and brought down to Birmingham. One company couldn’t organise the amount needed! Each car had an individual spec. "There were 20 supercars and ten Rolls-Royces. They were worth more than £10 million in total. We had them all lined up in Floodgate Street. Usually we might hire four at most. But this was a scene from Fast and Furious. It didn’t feel like we were in Birmingham."    The cars included Lamborghini Huracans , Aventadors and Urus, Ferrari 488 Spiders and Pistas, McLaren 720s, one with 1,100 brake horsepower, and a Range Rover SVR. The Rolls Royces included six Phantoms and four Ghosts, and there were also two Mercedes, an SLS gullwing and am E63 S.  There were also two Audi R8 Spyders. The groom drove a Lamborghini Aventador SVJ worth a cool £350,000. Normally the cars are hired for 24 hours. This time the wedding guests picked them up in the morning to use and then returned them just after midnight so they could be safely secured for the night. Kad wanted to thank Xlnc Hire, Fitzrovia Car Hire, AET in Wolverhampton and MSL Performance in Birmingham for helping him to achieve the supercar spectacular. The wedding finished with fireworks to ring in the New Year.