Prince William received some very supportive words from a royal fan during his first official engagement since the release of Spare, Prince Harry's memoir. The Prince and Princess of Wales appeared in high spirits as they arrived at the new Royal Liverpool University Hospital. During the tour of the hospital, an 81-year-old royal supporter named Sylvia managed to catch the attention of the heir to the throne, as she told him: "Keep going Will, Scousers love you!" William smiled to the kind words and simply replied: "I will do." During their visit to Merseyside, the Waleses appeared to shrug off the allegations and criticism levelled at her family and other royals by Prince Harry in his memoir. Titled Spare, the book was released worldwide on January 10 and includes dozens of intimate revelations about members of the Firm and the Duke himself. But showing the world, it was business as usual, the pair attended their first royal engagement of the year, which was packed with healthcare-focused royal engagements starting with a visit to the new hospital, which opened its doors to the public in October 2022. The Royal Liverpool University Hospital replaced the old hospital which had served the community for over four decades.  Spare included, among other private details, texts Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, and Kate sent to each other during the now notorious bridesmaid dress row which took place just four days before the Sussexes' wedding. The exchange, which happened as Meghan was dealing with reports her father would not attend her nuptials, left her in tears. The memoir also painted a picture of a relationship between Meghan and Kate being lukewarm at best. Harry recounted an episode in which the Princess, pregnant at the time with Prince Louis, said she was owed an apology from his wife who had previously commented Kate was suffering from "baby brain" due to her "hormones". READ MORE: Harry's claim William was 'glum' on his wedding day rubbished Kate and William's arrival in Merseyside came just a few hours after the pair were spotted smiling as they left by car the grounds of Windsor Castle. This visit to the state-of-the-art hospital comes as the Prince and Princess of Wales have often shown their support to frontline workers and the NHS. The pair became co-patrons of the NHS Charities Together in December 2020 and have put the spotlight at the height of the pandemic on the mental strain the Covid crisis was having key workers. In April 2020, the Prince of Wales pledged to make his "top priority" to support frontline workers, as he launched the Our Frontline platform designed to provide help to key staff struggling with their mental health. Prince William and Kate aren't the only members of the Royal Family to have stepped out for engagements today. This morning, King Charles visited Aboyne and Mid Deeside Community Shed in Aberdeenshire, a community hub offering a wide range of services to locals. He also met representatives from local charities, including a food bank, and appeared in a very good mood as he stopped to chat with some residents and royal fans. The monarch smiled throughout his public appearance, pet a royal fan's dog and told an Australian to send his best wishes to her country.