Cristiano Ronaldo has reportedly invited former Manchester United team-mates Harry Maguire, Bruno Fernandes, Casemiro and Raphael Varane to Portugal for a goodbye holiday after he was unable to bid farewell to them when he exited the Red Devils last year. Ronaldo had his contract at the club terminated following an explosive interview with Piers Morgan but was in World Cup duty for Portugal when his time at Old Trafford came to an end. Ronaldo’s career at United was ultimately tarnished at the end of last year as he forced through an exit after falling out of favour under manager Erik ten Hag. The Portuguese forward told Morgan he had “no respect” for Ten Hag and “felt betrayed” by United, with the 13-time Premier League champions unwilling to continue their association with the player following the comments. Ronaldo spent a hugely successful first stint with the Red Devils between 2003 and 2009 after initially joining the club under Sir Alex Ferguson. And during that time, the player helped the team win three Premier League titles, the Champions League, the Club World Cup, the FA Cup and two League Cups. And he also got his hands on the first of his five Ballon d’Or trophies. Despite his struggles the second time around, Ronaldo is still said to be respected by a few of the United players. And the 37-year-old is also keen to get his four mates out to Saudi Arabia to watch a game for his new club Al-Nassr. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE    “There are still a few lads here who have nothing but respect for Ronny and were sad how it all ended, because they never got to say a proper goodbye,” a United insider told The Sun. “He recently left the player WhatsApp groups but promised to keep in touch with a few and has invited them to his new place in Lisbon and to Saudi to watch him play. “Harry Maguire, Bruno Fernandes, Casemiro and Raphael Varane are all mates. His place in Lisbon sounds incredible - and he can certainly now afford it.” DON'T MISS Newcastle 'enquire' for Malcom as Saint-Maximin replacement found Transfer news - Arsenal make £60m Caicedo bid, Gordon fee agreed Klopp and Guardiola agree on Saint-Maximin as Newcastle star 'to quit'    Ronaldo is understood to have shipped his fleet of luxury cars back to his homeland following his transfer away from England. And the Red Devils source added: “A couple of the lads at the training ground hoped he’d raffle off one of his supercars, like Sergio Aguero did when he left [Manchester] City.” Ronaldo made his Al-Nassr debut as he captained his new team in a 1-0 Saudi Pro League victory over Ettifaq last Sunday. And he backed that up with another 90 minutes of gametime on Thursday evening as Al-Nassr were defeated 3-1 by Al-Ittihad Club in the Saudi Super Cup. 