Sarah Ferguson has found an ally in Camilla, the Queen Consort, as she seemingly offers an olive branch to the Duchess of York, according to royal sources. King Charles's wife has been pivotal in welcoming back Prince Andrew's ex-wife into the royal fold, with whom she shares a "love of horses", a source has claimed. They told the Mail on Sunday: "Camilla likes Sarah. They're both gentry. They share a love of horses and Fergie will be smart enough to play the game with Camilla and realise she is the power behind the King. That she must be nice to them and support them." A key sign of the changing attitude towards Sarah, also known by her fans and family as Fergie, emerged over Christmas, which the Duchess reportedly spent with the rest of the Royal Family. Following her toe-sucking scandal and divorce from Prince Andrew, Fergie had been banished from Sandringham House and had to spend Christmas alone while her ex-husband and daughters Eugenie and Beatrice stayed in Norfolk with Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip. Last Christmas, however, Fergie was reportedly invited not just to the lavish lunch hosted by Camilla and Charles but also to the following day's shoot. The source also said: "There was Fergie, in the thick of it, chatting away to the King and Queen Consort on the Boxing Day shoot. Philip would never have allowed that. "There's a feeling that, no matter what Sarah's personal faults – and she can be like Marmite in that respect – she has been a good mother to the girls and loyal to Andrew." Prince Philip reportedly never forgave Sarah for the embarrassment sparked by her intimate pictures with financial advisor John Bryant published on newspapers around the world in the late summer of 1992. Years later, Fergie spoke of the mental health toll the scandal had on her, and hinted at the long-lasting impact it had on her relationship with Prince Philip. She said: "It was so bad that I believed I was this worthless human being. I thought maybe Prince Philip was right." Nevertheless, following the death of the Duke of Edinburgh in April 2021, the Duchess paid tribute to the royal consort. READ MORE: Royal Family have 'pulled a blinder' as Harry and Meghan 'plan' fails Without mentioning her difficult bond with him, Fergie told the Telegraph Magazine: "The Duke was an extraordinary consort, father and grandfather, and his passing has left a great void in the family. "He served his nation and the Queen with incredible dedication for almost 70 years." While Philip seemingly never forgave Sarah, the late Queen signalled a rapprochement with the Duchess by inviting her in recent years both at Balmoral Castle and at Royal Ascot. Elizabeth II was thought to appreciate Sarah's skills as a mother to Princess Eugenie and Princess Beatrice and her devotion to Prince Andrew. While the Queen would pay a visit to Sarah and Andrew at the Royal Lodge, as described by Prince Harry in his memoir Spare, she did not welcome back to Sandringham the Duchess. During last Christmas' weekend, the Duke and Duchess of York reportedly stayed together at Wood Farm, the five-bedroom cottage which Prince Philip had made his main residence following his retirement from public duties in 2017. Despite their divorce being settled almost three decades ago, Sarah lives with Andrew at the Royal Lodge in Windsor whenever she is in the UK. Speaking about where her home is, Sarah told The Sunday Times last year: "I travel a lot and I’ve always been able to make wherever I am home. "If I am staying in a hotel I have the same family photographs and scented candles around me. "When I’m in the UK I’m lucky enough to stay at Royal Lodge. I wouldn’t call it my home as that would be presumptuous."