Fans of Paramount Plus’ SEAL Team will soon see the return of the fearless Bravo squad after bosses confirmed the renewal of season seven. Jason Hayes star David Boreanaz took to social media with appreciation as he spoke on the renewal.  In November, SEAL Team came to a bitter-sweet end after Jason was reprimanded for opening up about living with TBI during the medal ceremony. During the poignant scene, the other soldiers stepped up and shared their own traumatic experiences they had been silently dealing with. As this revelation left the future of the SEAL Team uncertain, fans were eager to see the show’s return. Thankfully, season seven had been officially confirmed and can soon be expected to land on screens. READ MORE: Ken Bruce's 'days were numbered' claims Vanessa Feltz Taking to Instagram, David detailed his appreciation for fans alongside a photo of his character. The post was captioned: “So very proud of the work put in by so many amazing people who sacrifice to make these stories come to life. “Humbled to continue on with Jason Hayes. The journey continues…Season 7.” Fans also rushed to the comments to share their excitement for the next instalment.    An excited @kaayyyox shared: “YES!!!! We’ve been checking google every day for this update!!!!” @jyaddie84 added: “Super excited for this news today!! So freaking ready to see Bravo Team on my screen again!!” A third fan @itspencerm_8 commented: “Let’s go!!!!!!!!!! All Bravo Elements ready to roll!!!” @hotmessyankeee responded: “Thank you and to all that work on this series. So grateful for all of you and the stories that you bring to light.” DON'T MISS...Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [UPDATE]SEAL Team season 7 fears as Paramount boss shares disappointing update [INSIGHT]SEAL Team season 7 theory: Jason to step down as Bravo 1 [THEORY]   A thrilled @rssanderson added: “So excited! We love your show — the acting, characters and storylines are extraordinary!” While @mac_mclemore anticipated: “Will be interesting to see how it proceeds without Bravo 6.” In season seven fans can expect the see the fallout of Jason blaming himself for his friends Clay Spenser’s (Max Thieriot) death. As he was being awarded at the medal ceremony, Jason shared: “TBI. I hid my traumatic brain injury and Clay Spenser paid the ultimate price for it. “Clay Spenser tried to change the military's outdated views on TBI, but he was told to stand down.    “I don't know if coming clean is gonna change anything, but hell, if it saves the next guy, then maybe I'll be a different kind of hero. Like my brother, Clay Spenser.” The chief programming officer of Paramount Streaming, Tanya Giles released a statement about the season seven renewal. It read: “We look forward to bringing SEAL Team fans even more of the series’ poignant storylines and thrilling missions with the upcoming seventh season. “The series continues to evolve and grow its audience. It is a great example of the types of programming that we see resonate with our subscribers”.  SEAL Team seasons 1-6 are available to stream on Paramount+ 