The Madame Blanc Mysteries returns on Channel 5 with Jean White (played by Sally Lindsay) investigating a suspicious death at a country home. Sally is also the writer and executive producer of the series. The actress starred in Coronation Street between 2001 and 2006.  Sally played Shelley Unwin who was the landlady of the Rovers and the wife of Peter Barlow (Chris Gascoyne). Shelley was a popular resident, with her best friend being Sunita Alahan (Shobna Gulati). She experienced her fair share of drama with two disastrous relationships with Peter Barlow and Charlie Stubbs (Bill Ward). In 2003, she discovered Peter was leading a double life and was already married with a son when he and Shelley got married. The marriage was annulled and Shelley threw Peter out. READ MORE: The Madame Blanc Mysteries season 2 episode 4 welcomes Ab Fab star Meanwhile, Charlie was a controlling partner who cheated on Shelley on more than one occasion, including with her own mother. He manipulated her until she was afraid to leave her own bedroom. In 2005, she decided to stand up to him and dumped him at the altar. Shelley left Coronation Street in 2006 when she got a new job at a country club in the Peak District. Before her departure, she slept with Charlie and got pregnant, but told him the baby would never know who its father was.  Despite leaving in 2006, Sally announced she would be quitting the soap the year before. She won the best actress gong at the Inside Soap Awards and shortly after, revealed she would be leaving when her contract finished. In a statement released at the time, she said: "I think that Shelley has been through so much as a character during my time here, and I am really looking forward to working on different projects. "I have and always will have a massive affection for Coronation Street, and I want to thank all the cast, production team and writers for everything that has happened for me and my character." DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Fiz and Tyrone get unwanted sex adviceCoronation Street fans 'work out' Hope Stape kills new family memberCoronation Street's Stephen Reid humiliated after his lie is exposed   After her exit, she turned her attention to comedy, as well as writing her own shows. She returned for several episodes of Corrie in September 2006 and in 2019, she helped film a documentary to celebrate its 60th anniversary. The star has also narrated numerous shows for the programme. She went on to star in Scott and Bailey, Mount Pleasant, Ordinary Lies and The World According to Grandpa.  In 2021 she launched the first season of her series, The Madame Blanc Mysteries, set in the fictional village of Sainte Victoire in the South of France. Sally plays Cheshire antiques dealer Jean as she solves an array of mysteries and deaths. Due to her connections through the acting industry, she has managed to secure some A-list guests on the show, including Paul Chuckle and Paul O'Grady. This winter the show aired its first-ever Christmas special, with Sally saying she "threw everything" at the festive murder mystery. Speaking to Express.co.uk she said: "One of the standout moments was when I walked into the square for the first time and I saw it dressed. "I've got to say there was a lump in my throat because there was a 35-foot tree there in front of this beautiful church. "It was like a world that would have been in my head, there's something quite profound about that."  The Madame Blanc Mysteries airs on Channel 5 on Thursdays at 9pm.