Toto Wolff has claimed that "it's going to be difficult" for Mercedes to breach the gap to Red Bull in time for the 2023 campaign. The Silver Arrows ensured a torrid 2022, with both Lewis Hamilton and George Russell initially plagued by a lack of pace as the team undoubtedly failed to adapt to F1's new era of regulations. Russell spared Wolff's blushes in the penultimate race in Brazil, taking the chequered flag to ensure it wasn't a winless season for the team that had won the eight previous Constructors' titles. But a third placed finish overall, with Russell and Hamilton fourth and sixth respectively in the drivers' standings, signified a big drop in performance. On the contrary, Red Bull excelled in 2022. Max Verstappen romped to the title by a mammoth 146 points from Ferrari driver Charles Lecerc, winning 15 of the 22 races on offer. Mercedes have strongly implied there will be major changes to their W14 model, although Wolff has insisted that components of the W13 vehicle will remain. And he's also played down any hopes of a complete resurgence from his team after their recent problems. JUST IN: Lewis Hamilton wants £350m Mercedes deal 'until he's 50' as contract details emerge “I think we have understood how we fell back, where the shortcomings are, and where we have gaps in understanding,” said Wolff, as quoted by Autosport.  “We're working hard on putting a car on the ground that has addressed all of that. But we will only see when starting testing whether we have unlocked the potential that we believe has always been in the car." And the Austrian offered no guarantee that either Russell or Hamilton would be in the title frame, adding: “We have no doubt, when you're starting behind by half a second, that it's going to be difficult to catch up to such great organisations like Red Bull, or Ferrari. Now, having said that, we are super determined in doing just that. But we need to set our expectations at a realistic level.” DON'T MISS:Lewis Hamilton F1 retirement date comes to light as contract requests lodged with MercedesLewis Hamilton's 'contract proposal to Mercedes' sums up his Max Verstappen title viewLewis Hamilton's reaction to Abu Dhabi controversy praised - 'I'd still be complaining'  Preparations for Wolff and co have also been hampered by the loss of team strategist James Vowles, who has been confirmed as the new Team Principal at Williams. Vowles played an instrumental role in the German marque’s success in the past decade, and his departure represents a hammer blow. Wolff has since praised his former employee, saying: ”Having worked with him since I first joined the team in 2013, I know how diligent, capable and talented he is and have taken great satisfaction from watching James develop and grow over the past decade."