Last month, viewers of the ITV soap were thrilled when Coronation Street's Daniel Osbourne (Rob Mallard) proposed to Daisy Midgeley (Charlotte Jordan). However, in scenes set to air next week, it looks as though their wedding could be set for disaster as Daisy gets an admirer. Although the proposal didn’t get off to the smoothest start, following a break-in at No. 1 where Daniel’s ring was stolen, the day was saved by Ken (William Roache).After giving the couple a Christmas cracker at the Rovers Return, they were both shocked when a diamond engagement ring fell out and Daniel quickly realised Ken had had a helping hand.Immediately saying yes, Daisy wasted no time in sharing the news with her ever-growing social media following and told her new fiance she wanted to get married sooner rather than later.However, in scenes set to air next week, it looks as though there’s trouble on the horizon when trying to organise the big day. READ MORE: BBC backlash as viewers slam 'utterly pathetic' Prince Harry coverage Looking at wedding venues, Daisy falls in love with a place that is way out of budget but is left thrilled when they tell her she can have it for half price at the start of May.Later on, she decides to go to an event at a hotel where a top DJ is playing in hopes of getting him to perform at their wedding.Although when she admits to wanting to set a date in May, Daniel is less than pleased at the prospect of it being so close.Heading off to the event, Daisy flirts with the DJ and puts her number into his phone along with sharing images of them together online. When Daniel wants to speak to his new fiancée in private, Daisy is anxious as she’s expecting an argument to happen.However, she’s thrilled when he shows her the brochure for Charlesworth Hall and reveals he’s managed to book the time off and the wedding is set for the 8th May.All seems to be going well for the young couple who are excited about their upcoming wedding, however, Daisy is left stumped when she gets a bouquet of flowers from the DJ.Hiding the card that the flowers came with, she hands the flowers to Daniel and acts as though she had brought them for him. DON'T MISS... Vera star admits changing her mind on returning after each series [INSIGHT] Fern Britton opens up on complex relationship with famous dad [VIDEO] Coronation Street viewers point out blunder with Alya Nazi scene [SOAP] A theory by Express.co.uk suggests that Daisy continues to speak to the DJ in hopes that she can secure him for the day at a lower price.As the duo continue to talk on social media, Dan is left feeling suspicious when Daisy starts to act secretive and hides her phone from him.Wanting to put his mind at rest, he confronts her about her secrecy and demands to know if there’s something she wants to share with him.Knowing he won’t react well to her flirting to try and get a deal, will Daisy tell Dan the truth? Or will she continue to keep her new friendship hidden? It’s no secret that Dan disapproves of Daisy’s new online following as he’s made it known over the past few weeks.Actor Rob Mallard told Digital Spy "Generationally, Daniel is about the same age, but Daisy's of the Instagram generation, and Daniel's just a bit before that. So it's all a bit like Daniel was born in the wrong era."So Daniel does look at the whole Instagram world with a very sceptical view. Because he's books and learning and teaching. And she's selfies in shoes."Coronation Street airs on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at 8pm on ITV1 and streams on ITVX.