Gary Neville believes that Arsenal must sign a striker this month to give themselves a chance of winning the league. The Gunners currently have an eight-point lead at the top of the table, having played one game more than second-placed Manchester City. Arsenal signed Gabriel Jesus from City over the summer in a bid to be the final piece of the puzzle in the final third at the Emirates Stadium, and he was exactly that for the opening stages of the campaign. The Brazilian scored five and assisted six prior to the World Cup break, but sustained a knee injury whilst out in Qatar that has kept him sidelined. Eddie Nketiah has attempted to prevent his teammate’s absence from becoming overly noticeable, and with success. However, eight-time Premier League winner Neville believes that Arsenal need more firepower in the final third if they are to go all the way this season. He told Sky Sports: “I do think Arsenal need to go big to get a striker, to give Mikel Arteta a chance of winning the league. Arsenal have got a chance here, a small chance, of winning the league and I think if they go big on a striker and get one then it could be the difference.” Former Gunners star Paul Merson agreed with his co-pundit, saying: “They’ve got to (sign a striker), it’s a free swing in my opinion. These chances do not come around all too often. We’ve been here before. “Look at Chelsea, they can’t win the league, Liverpool can’t win the league, we’re only 16 games in, it goes that quickly. They’ve got to take this opportunity, it’s free money. Even if they don’t win it they’re going to get into the Champions League so they’re going to get their money back. For me, you’ve got to do it while you’re flying. There’s no good in doing it when the horse has bolted.” The north London outfit have been heavily linked with signing Shakhtar Donetsk star Mykhailo Mudryk, submitting a second bid for the Ukraine international last week. The 21-year-old predominantly plays on the left wing, which could prompt Arteta into playing Gabriel Martinelli through the middle. Joao Felix is also reportedly of interest, with the Atletico Madrid star desperate to leave Diego Simeone’s side – may that be on loan or permanently. The Portugal international is also attracting interest from Chelsea and Manchester United, who are also in the market for strikers.