If you find yourself with leftover chicken from your Sunday roast, the chefs behind YouTube's Sorted Food have an "easy" recipe which makes for a tasty mid-week dish. The recipe is pulled from the Youtube cooking duo's new cookbook CBA with the Rules, which chef and co-founder Ben Ebbrell say is showing that "rules were made to be broken, especially in food."s Speaking to Express.co.uk, Ben said: "This delicious recipe is a brilliant way to use up any leftovers from Sunday’s roast chicken dinner and transform it into an awesome, yet easy mid-week meal – who doesn’t love a pie on a Tuesday night?" The pie can be popped in the oven and bakes in around 30 minutes. For added flavour, the chefs recommend adding in a splash of white wine, though this can be left out if preferred. The recipe serves six, but you can double or halve the ingredients listed to make a portion to suit your family size. The food experts shared a step-by-step guide to making the dish with Express.co.uk. READ MORE: Four methods to stop avocados from going brown This recipe serves six people. Ingredients DON'T MISSGame-changing method to poach eggs without a saucepan [EXPLAINER]Avocado storage tip to keep fruit fresh 'up to 5 days' [VIDEO]Winter soup recipes to enjoy seasonal vegetables 'at their best' [INSIGHT] Begin by preheating your oven to 180C and then heat the butter in a large casserole dish over a medium heat. Next, add in the onion, leek, garlic and a pinch of salt. Allow this to sweat for five minutes until the vegetables start to soften. Then, stir in the flour and cook for a further two minutes. Tip in the wine and stir vigorously while the mixture boils and thickens. Add the canned soup, shredded roast chicken meat and a generous grind of black pepper and bring to a simmer. Once thickened, taste and adjust the seasoning then tip into a baking dish. Using a chef's knife, slice through the roll of filo pastry at five-millimetre intervals to get long ribbons of pastry. Chuck these into a large mixing bowl and work them apart with your hands so that it looks like a big bowl of straw. Drizzle over the vegetable oil and mix well so that all of the ribbons are evenly coated in the oil. Finely grate over the Parmesan cheese and mix through again, then cover the pie base with the dressed shredded pastry. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes until golden brown and crisp on top. Remove from the oven and allowed to sit for five minutes before tucking into the crispy goodness.