During the tough economic climate, mllions of Brits are currently looking for ways to cut costs and save on household bills - and yet broadband is one utility bill that often gets overlooked. Reliable broadband is a necessity - especially with so many people working from home - and the good news is that you don't need to break the bank for good quality broadband that you can depend on. Shell Energy Broadband currently has an offer with FREE broadband for one month* on selected plans when you sign up for an 18-month contract with packages starting from £18.99. Head to shellenergy.co.uk/broadband and sign up to one of the selected broadband products before Sunday 5 March, 2023, and you’ll get FREE broadband for one month*. A £5.57 router delivery fee applies. Other charges may apply. There are plenty of reasons as to why Shell Energy Broadband needs to be on your radar - check out some of the top ones below... Don't miss out, switch easily by heading to shellenergy.co.uk/broadband. *New customers. Available on selected broadband products only. Offer ends 5 March 2023. Price quoted here is for our Fast Broadband product. One months Fast Broadband Service Charge is applied as a one-off bill credit to your Shell Energy Broadband account within 90 days following your service start date. From £18.99 a month for the remainder of your contract. A £67.50 charge may apply if we need to install a new telephone line. A £5.57 router delivery fee applies. Call packages, call charges, call service charges and optional features are not included. Your monthly charges may increase each year from 2024 on or after 1 April by the Consumer Price Index (CPI) rate of inflation plus up to 3%. For example, if you’re paying £30 per month, and the January CPI figure is 2%, we may apply an increase of up to 5%. At 5%, your monthly price would increase to £31.50 after 1 April 2024. Average download speed of 11Mb/s. Speeds vary by location. Average speeds based on speed available to at least 50% of customers at peak time (8-10pm). Your actual speed will be dependent on your location, phone line, home wiring, wi-fi connection and time of day. You can check the estimated speed to your property prior to purchasing. See promotional terms and conditions at shellenergy.co.uk/broadband.