Tottenham have been handed a timely boost after it emerged that Bayern Munich are set to cool their interest in Harry Kane, according to reports in Germany. Antonio Conte is desperate to hang on to his star striker after successfully warding off interest from Manchester City last season, and it now appears that Bayern are willing to concede defeat too. The Spurs talisman had been on the Bundesliga champions' radar as a long-term replacement for Robert Lewandowski, who left to join Barcelona in a £45million transfer last summer. The Bavarian outfit signed Sadio Mane from Liverpool to form a new-look frontline for Julian Nagelsmann's side. But it is understood the German coach is still keen to bring in a natural No 9 to spearhead his frontline alongside the likes of Mane, Leroy Sane and Serge Gnabry, with £25m summer signing Mathys Tel deemed to be too raw at only 17 years of age. Kane had emerged as a target after sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic conceded they had discussed the possibility of signing the England international in the summer and did not rule out making a future move for the 29-year-old after lauding his ability. READ MORE: Tottenham braced for Kane approach as Bayern Munich plot move “He is one of the best players in the world," Salihamdzic told Bild TV. “But we are not talking about players who are under contract with other clubs.” However, a report from SportBild claims that there 'internal doubts' about the club's ability to convince Kane to leave 'the island' - a colloquial German term which refers to the United Kingdom. Kane has been clear in his previous statements about his future that he is keen to win trophies, something he is yet to achieve with Spurs as the club continue their 15-year drought without claiming a piece of silverware. He also only has 18 months left on his £200,000-a-week contract, which leaves the north London club in a precarious position. He had asked to leave Tottenham in the summer of 2021 before showdown talks with Daniel Levy convinced him to stay. Manchesters City and United have been credited with an interest in the past along with Bayern, but it is understood that Kane - valued at around £120m by his club - is out of their realistic price range. DON'T MISSTottenham boss Conte says he lacks 'really good players'Tottenham's Aston Villa defeat shows Conte needs four transfers'Harry Kane needs to go to Bayern Munich' jokes Shearer The prospect of losing Kane would be almost too much to bear for Spurs fans, who worship the striker after he graduated from their academy. His exit would have no doubt dealt a huge blow to their objectives, having scored 13 goals in 17 league appearances this season. And news of Bayern's decision to turn their back on a move for Kane will be a welcome boost for Conte, who is enduring his toughest period since taking over as Spurs boss. Tottenham lost 2-0 at home to Aston Villa to leave them outside of the Premier League top four and there is growing discontent within the fanbase at the lack of progress being made under the Italian. But keeping Kane will ensure that he is suitably equipped to turn around results in the second half of the season.