Tottenham are poised to prevent Japhet Tanganga from leaving the club before Tuesday's transfer deadline. No less than eight teams are prepared to take the 23-year-old, but manager Antonio Conte would want a replacement of the same calibre which could be costly due to the need for homegrown acquisitions. Tanganga is approaching 50 senior appearances for Spurs but precious few have come this season, with Conte favouring other centre-back options. The Spurs academy product has only played a handful of minutes in the Premier League and Champions League, while most of his action has come in the FA Cup. With the player keen to secure regular football, Express Sport understands that eight teams would be keen to take him on before Tuesday's transfer deadline. However, Tottenham are poised to block his exit with chairman Daniel Levy determined to avoid unnecessary spending. Were Tanganga to leave, Conte would demand a replacement of the same calibre as he would not be prepared to take on the rest of the season with any less than six centre-backs. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE - Man Utd block deal, Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea The issue of Spurs' homegrown players quota also comes into play, as the squad are currently in precarious shape with regard to domestic and European regulations. Premier League rules state that no more than 17 overseas players can be named as part of a 25-man squad. Champions League guidelines present further complications as players who learned their trade outside of England are seen as non-homegrown. That means the likes of Matt Doherty and Ben Davies do not qualify, which would present Spurs with an extra headache before the window slams shut. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  Tanganga joined Tottenham's academy at the age of 10, with his homegrown status giving him extra value in Conte's squad. English players often come at a premium to Premier League clubs for that reason and Spurs would seemingly rather spend their money bolstering other areas of the team. Right wing-back is thought to be a priority but their anticipated move for Sporting Lisbon star Pedro Porro has reportedly collapsed at the last minute. The player appeared to wave goodbye to supporters on Saturday but Sporting backtracked on their proposed deal with Tottenham, leaving the Spaniard fuming.  Tottenham powered into the FA Cup fifth round on Saturday with a comfortable win away at Preston North End. Tanganga played the full 90 minutes on the right side of a back-three and even notched an assist for Son Heung-min's spectacular opener. The Lilywhites are currently three points behind fourth-place Manchester United in the Premier League, despite having played one game more. Their next outing is a tough home fixture against Manchester City on Sunday.