Manchester United are lining up a deal for Victor Osimhen at the end of the season, according to reports in Italy. The Nigeria international has been in fine form this season, scoring 12 goals and clocking up three assists from 14 Serie A matches for Napoli. And he’s apparently asked his camp to postpone any talks about his future until the end of the season. Manchester United have signed Wout Weghorst on loan, with the striker joining on a temporary basis from Burnley. However, the Red Devils are expected to land an upgrade at the end of the campaign - particularly if they’re able to secure a spot in next season’s Champions League. Osimhen is a player who continues to be linked with a move to Old Trafford, with United admiring the 24-year-old for a number of years. Now, according to Il Mattino, the Red Devils are ‘already lining up’ as they look to bring in the forward. It’s claimed many middlemen are working hard to bring the forward to the Premier League at the end of the campaign. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Napoli want big money to let their prized asset go, however, with a fee in the region of £133million floated by the publication. They’ve seen the way the market has evolved in recent times, particularly after Chelsea’s decision to land Mykhaylo Mudryk, and are taking that into account. Osimhen, for his part, is said be happy at Napoli - with his current contract due to expire in 2025. And he’s reportedly asked his camp to postpone any talks over his future until the summer, once the current season comes to an end. Osimhen’s main focus is on firing Napoli to Serie A glory, with the table-toppers well-poised to become champions for the first time since 1990. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see He was electric on Friday night as Luciano Spalletti’s side thumped Juventus 5-1 at the Diego Armando Maradona Stadium. Osimhen netted twice, opening the scoring in the 14th minute, with Khvicha Kvaratskhelia, Amir Rrahmini and Elif Elmas also on target. Juventus pulled back a consolation through Angel Di Maria, but it was a night that confirmed Napoli were favourites for the crown. If United do agree to cough up the cash for Osimhen, he’ll become the most-expensive signing in the club’s entire history. Paul Pogba tops the list, with the Red Devils forking out £89m to re-sign the midfielder from Juventus back in 2016. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Just this summer, United paid an eye-watering £86m for Antony - who has scored five goals across all competitions in the time since. And they’ve also spent millions on the likes of Harry Maguire, Romelu Lukaku and Jadon Sancho in recent years as well. Speaking last month, Osimhen downplayed interest from United by confirming he was happy at Napoli for the time being. “It’s one of the best clubs in Europe and I want to win here,” said the Nigerian. “The future is this moment, try to win something relevant in Italy. “It’s hard to think about something better than Napoli, one of the best clubs in Italy, right now I am only focused on this season because we haven’t done anything yet. “We must win something and then we’ll see what happens.” United have previously signed a Nigerian player in Odion Ighalo, who touched down from Shanghai Shenhua back in the January transfer window of 2020.