For many people, receiving the highest state pension possible will be important for a comfortable retirement. There could be a specific option which may help those who are looking to increase their sum. Ray Black, chartered financial planner and managing director at Money Minder, told Express.co.uk: “For anyone who is approaching 65 and thinking about retirement, it’s a really good idea to start by getting a state pension forecast. “This can be gained from the Government website to find out what they can expect to receive in payments. “It can help people make sure they have a full National Insurance record to get the maximum state pension benefit.” For the older, basic state pension, people typically need 30 years of National Insurance contributions to get the sum. READ MORE: Tax code 1257L explained as Britons could be due money back A total of 10 qualifying years are usually needed for someone to get any new state pension at all. Those looking to secure the full new state pension will need to have some 35 qualifying years of contributions. Some may get less than the full new state pension if they were contracted out before April 6, 2016. But if a person finds out they do not have the right number of National Insurance contributions, they may be able to take action. DON'T MISSFree bus pass and free prescription age might be at risk [INSIGHT]Lloyds Bank warns Britons about British Gas fraud email [WARNING]UK vs Europe - how does your pension income compare [ANALYSIS] Mr Black continued: “If they don’t have the full 35 years’ service that is needed to provide the maximum state pension, they can use the same service to find out if there is any way to increase what they will get by paying voluntary contributions. “This option can be really good value for someone looking to maximise their retirement income. “It can ensure they have enough to live on during the recession years.” As Mr Black highlighted, voluntary National Insurance contributions could make a huge difference. READ MORE: Barclays announces 15 branches to close in 2023 Former pensions minister and LCP consultant Sir Steve Webb recently explained someone with 10 missing years could pay out a little over £8,000 to fix the gaps but see a boost of £55,000 in state pension over a typical 20 year retirement. Typically, people can only fill NI gaps up to six years after the year in question, and after that point the year becomes a permanent gap on one’s record. However, for a limited period people are now able to go much further back and fill gaps for any year from 2006/07 onwards – an extra 10 years. It must be noted this option is only available for a limited time - up to April 5, 2023. As a result, those who want to benefit will likely need to act fast before the opportunity becomes lost forever. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea Sir Steve added: “For many people, paying voluntary NI contributions can be great value for money and can help them boost their state pension in a cost-effective way. “For people with gaps in their NI record going back more than six years, the window to fill those gaps will soon close. “Some people have gaping holes in their NI record and this will be the last chance to fill them. “For some people this could be by far the best rate of return they could get on any spare capital. Missing out could cost some workers thousands of pounds.” Sir Steve stressed people should always check with the DWP before handing over any money for top-ups, as well as doing their own research. This is because topping up is not the right answer for everyone, and for some it may not increase their state pension.