The popular Netflix series follows a host of unlucky players who are dragged into a post-apocalyptic version of Tokyo, Japan to compete in a series of games represented by different playing cards. One of those players, Ann (played by Ayaka Miyoshi) plays an increasingly important part as the episodes progress. Like many of the other characters in Alice In Borderland, Ann is placed in a plethora of danger throughout the series. However, eagle-eyed fans were sceptical and quick to question life or death and how characters like Ann survive the final episode of season two. Talking to Reddit, u/dguy101, asked: “How did she end up surviving if she appeared to have died in Borderland?” This was backed up by a similarly disgruntled fan by the name of u/Codametal who fumed: “They should all have bled out. “I mean, Akane was shot so many times, how can she survive that? There's got to be a reason other than plot armour.” READ MORE: Denise Welsh erupts over claims Harry trashing royals 'for money' Elsewhere, u/blpttrl pointed out that most characters should have died as they weighed in: “Didn't all of them die since they all had their heart stop, hence them entering the borderland?” And u/Marliepanda also fumed at the implausibility of it all, raging: “Plot armour. Same as how Kuina, Heiya, Aguni and Chishiya did when they also had some pretty mortal wounds inflicted!” In the final episode, the final game against the Queen of Hearts, Mira, (Riisa Naka) was croquet. However, during the game, she spends most of her time trying to manipulate the pair, nearly convincing Arisu (Kento Yamazaki) that the entire world is his illusion. It’s thanks to Usagi (Tao Tsuchiya) that stops Arisu from conceding and Mira wins the game of croquet, but ultimately Arisu wins after learning that all he had to do was not forfeit the game. With all of the face cards conquered, Mira is annihilated, and all of the players are faced with the choice of returning to the real world or accepting life in Borderland. All of the players, except for Banda (Hayato Isomura) and Yaba (Katsuya Maiguma), decide to leave. Soon after, the players awake to discover they are in the hospital where Arisu learns that a meteor destroyed a large chunk of Tokyo, and everyone who hadn’t died was sent to the Borderlands. DON'T MISS:The View crowd told to cheer Whoopi more than others amid controversyNCIS LA’s Fatima Namazi star pays tribute to colleague following deathYellowstone's Kevin Costner drops huge Jamie Dutton death hint Unfortunately, none of the players remember their shared experience in Borderlands, but this doesn’t stop characters like Arisu and Usagi from finding each other in the hospital. However, not everything may be as it seems as what's revealed at the end is a Joker card. Alice in Borderland is a Netflix Original live-action adaptation of the manga of the same name by author Hara Aso. The series is directed by Shinsuke Sato and written by Yasuko Kuramitsu and has fast become one of the most successful live-action adaptations of a popular manga series and is already one of Netflix’s most successful international originals. As of yet, the future of Alice in Borderland is unknown as Netflix hasn’t given a renewal order just yet. But given its international popularity, it does seem like more episodes are to come. The Joker card shown at the end of the series heavily alluded to the character of the Joker, who is in the manga series, but not yet revealed in the television adaptation. Alice in Borderland seasons 1-2 are available on Netflix.