Jeremy Clarkson told readers he “hated” the Duchess of Sussex on a “cellular level” in a column for The Sun. Following the backlash, Amazon Prime Video has reportedly terminated their relationship with the former Top Gear host and axed both Clarkson’s Farm and The Grand Tour, according to Variety. It’s been reported Jeremy will not be working with Amazon beyond the seasons of both his shows that have already been commissioned. This means he won’t appear in any new shows after 2024. Upcoming seasons of The Grand Tour and Clarkson’s Farm are reportedly not affected. Season two of Clarkson’s has been confirmed for release on February, 10. Read more: Happy Valley fans 'work out' Hepworth's link to Tommy Amazon Prime Video declined to comment on the reports. In a statement shared on Instagram, Jeremy apologised for the controversial column. "I am going to try and buck the trend this morning with an apology for the things I said in a Sun column recently about Meghan Markle. "I am really sorry. All the way from the balls of my feet up to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. It's a mea culpa with bells on it.  "So when I finished I pressed send,” he continued. “And then when the column appeared the next day, the land mine exploded. "It was a slow rumble to start with and I ignored it. But then the rumble got louder. "So I picked up a copy of The Sun to see what all the fuss was about. We've all been there I guess. DON'T MISSJeremy Clarkson issues apology to Meghan and Harry  [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson suffers loss on farm after Meghan Markle row [INTERVIEW]The Grand Tour’s future confirmed after series of dangerous crashes [INSIGHT] “In that precise moment when we suddenly realise we’ve completely messed up.” The Grand Tour star admitted he felt “sick” at reading his own words. He explained he had “been thinking of a scene in Game of Thrones” but “forgot to mention this”. Jeremy confessed he was “mortified” and revealed “very close friends were furious”.    “Even my own daughter took to Instagram to denounce me,” he said. The former Top Gear host explained he had emailed Prince Harry and Meghan to apologise. “I said I was baffled by what they had been saying on TV but that the language I’ve used in the column was disgraceful and that I was profoundly sorry,” he added. Clarkson's Farm returns to Amazon Prime Video on February 10.  