Arsenal have reportedly launched a surprise pursuit of Chelsea midfielder Jorginho ahead of deadline day. Mikel Arteta is insistent on adding to his midfield options before the January transfer window slams shut at 11pm on Tuesday amid a Premier League title race with Manchester City. Reports have emerged this evening suggesting Arsenal have identified Jorginho as an alternative to Brighton and Hove Albion's Moises Caicedo. The Gunners have failed with two bids for the 21-year-old Ecuadorian, the latest being worth £70million plus £5million in add-ons. And they look to have now turned their attention elsewhere as they scramble to reinforce Arteta's ranks further this winter. According to The Athletic, Arsenal are among clubs eyeing a potential deal for Jorginho before the January transfer deadline. Fabrizio Romano claims the Premier League leaders have approached Chelsea to enquire about his services, with the Blues willing to cash in on him this month. He is otherwise expected to leave Stamford Bridge on a free transfer once his current contract expires in July. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Arsenal are aware that time is running out to bring in much-needed cover for first-choice holding midfielder Thomas Partey. But Chelsea are expected to demand a sizable fee for Jorginho, despite the 31-year-old entering the final five months of his contract. Jorginho joined the Blues from Napoli in a £50m deal in 2018, winning the Champions League, Europa League, UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup. But he is destined to depart this year, and the Emirates Stadium has emerged as a possible destination, with just over 24 hours of the transfer window remaining. Chelsea hope to complete a £115m deal for Benfica midfielder Ezno Fernandez on deadline day, which would push Jorginho closer to the exit door. DON'T MISS: Chelsea could 'pull off Mudryk' repeat if Enzo Fernandez bid fails Jorginho would offer Arteta another player with a habit of lifting silverware with a winning mentality after the success of former Man City duo Oleksandr Zinchenko and Gabriel Jesus. On top of his success with Chelsea, the Italy international won the European Championship with his nation in 2021, and his experience could prove crucial in the second half of the campaign. Arsenal are five points clear of Man City with a game in hand after 19 games, losing just one game so far. And despite being out of both domestic cups, Arteta will also want to guide his side to a strong Europa League campaign after winning their group to reach the last 16. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here