US special forces along and allied Kurdish fighters have netted 68 ISIS terrorists in mass raids across Syria. The Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces have reported that ISIS's so-called "governor" of Raqqa province has been captured in the operation. According to the SDF, the terrorist boss Atallah al-Maythan was in charge of leading the ISIS cells including the so-called Khalid bin Al-Walid Battalion, which was responsible for the terrorist attacks in Syria. Raids are reported to have been carried in the town of al-Karamal, 20 km east of Raqqa city, al-Mansoura, west of Raqqa, and the towns of Sarrin and Al-Jarniyah. An SDF statement said: "During the first run of the ongoing operations in the three mentioned areas, the joint forces arrested eight terrorists, two of whom tried to flee towards areas outside the SDF control on the other side of the Euphrates River after shooting at the joint forces. No injuries were recorded. "Yesterday night, our Syrian Democratic Forces and Internal Security Forces launched large-scale security operations and formed a joint operations room named 'Operation Retaliation for Raqqa Martyrs' backed by airpower by the International Coalition, aiming at targeting the terrorist cells and their dangerous operatives, destroying channels of communication between them, uprooting their potential hideouts and drying up the enabling environment, primarily the facilitators and recruitment networks." They added: "According to initial interrogations, the terrorist Atallah al-Maythan confessed to his involvement in planning and leading terrorist acts, extorting the populace to finance ISIS, and facilitating communication mechanisms between terrorist cells." The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a Britain-based opposition war monitor, said IS militants also targeted a military intelligence prison holding some 200 militants in the December attack. IS lost all territorial control in Iraq and Syria in 2019, following a yearslong U.S.-backed campaign that defeated the so-called caliphate, where Raqqa was once the IS de facto capital. However, militant sleeper cells persist and have since killed scores of Iraqis and Syrians. Syrian Kurdish and US forces frequently conduct raids targeting IS sleeper cells in northern and eastern Syria.  The US-led coalition was providing air support, reconnaissance, and gathering intelligence, Shami added. This is the second recent operation by the U.S.-backed forces in Syria. In late December, the Syrian Kurdish-led fighters targeted IS cells in al-Hol and Tal Hamis, following a surge in militant attacks. The US Central Command said that 215 militants from the Islamic State group were arrested last year and 466 were killed in Syria. There are roughly 900 US troops in Syria. DON'T MISS:Primary school children ‘need play time’ not homework – YOUR VERDICT (POLL)Office workers earn £1,225 a year - for planning holidays at work (REVEAL)Do you support the state pension age rise being brought forward? POLL (POLL) We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express