Robbie Jackson star Dean Gaffney, who initially played the classic EastEnders character from 1993 to 2004, has made several re-appearances in the BBC soap, returning for one-off episodes in 2010 and 2015 before re-joining the soap for a two-year stint from 2017 to 2019. He has been snapped alongside his former colleagues Natalie Cassidy, who stars as Robbie's sister Sonia Jackson, and Jamie Borthwick, who plays Jay Brown. Fans have predicted the reunion as a sing Robbie could be making a comeback. Dean, 44, joined EastEnders as schoolboy Robbie and was rarely seen without his dog, Wellard. The actor was spotted enjoying lunch with the two current BBC soap stars, causing speculation Dean might be gearing up to step back into Robbie's shoes. Natalie posted the snap of the trio on her Instagram account, writing: "When you have the January blues the only thing to do is have lunch with these pair. "Laughed so much I nearly wet myself. Love you both @jamie_b10 @deangaffney1." READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession It didn't take long for her followers to theorise Robbie would be rejoining the soap. Several commented on the snap to see if the post was a sign the actor would be reprising his role. Instagram user dontchaprincess wrote: "Bring back Robbie." bates_jules penned: "Hope he does come back and I hope the writers take notice if their fans to bring him back!" kazinpink64 asked: "Will Robbie come back? I’m watching classic Eastenders the one where Sonia has a phantom pregnancy. Love you 3." eehasdrama shared: "An epic return to EastEnders??" "Omg Dean!! Is he back? Brilliant news," mazartistry commented. hildabramley stated: "Wish dean was back in EE loved him," while miss_rocker_1988xx added: "Nice to see him back if he does." It seems as though now would be an ideal time for Robbie to reunite with Sonia in Albert Square. DON'T MISS... Alan Sugar confirms future of The Apprentice after 20 years [EXCLUSIVE]EastEnders fans baffled over major plot hole as Harvey moves in [LATEST]Jane McDonald overcome with emotion as she speaks on late husband [VIDEO] The character recently found out Dot Cotton (played by June Brown) left her Walford home to her in her will, and was delighted to secure her future in the Square. Janine Butcher (Charlie Brooks) had also been living with her but has now left the soap, so Robbie could potentially fill a room at Sonia's house. Furthermore, Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen) made a comeback just before Christmas, and as Bianca Jackson's (Patsy Palmer) ex, it seems there is more scope for the Jacksons to reunite. Robbie was last seen working part-time as a market inspector, but his way of doing things sparked a strong reaction from Martin Fowler (James Bye) and Kush Kazemi (Davood Ghadami). He also left to visit his ex Nita Mistry (Bindya Solanki) and son Sami in India, and returned with Sami. Nita soon returned to collect their son, but several months later, she informed Robbie that Sami had been injured so he left Walford to rejoin his family. EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.