Chelsea will reportedly only continue to pursue Shakhtar Donetsk star Mykhaylo Mudryk if his talks with Arsenal break down this month. The 21-year-old is regarded as one of the top talents in Europe, likely to attract a fee in the region of £62million for his services. Graham Potter is keen to spend big in the midseason window to bolster his squad following a disappointing start to his tenure at the club. The former Brighton boss was promised financial backing over the next few windows, and the coming weeks will showcase whether Todd Boehly is a man of his word. Deals have been agreed for Benoit Badiashile and David Datro Fofana this month, also reportedly striking a deal to sign RB Leipzig star Christophe Nkunku at the end of the season. Talks are ongoing with Benfica over a record deal to sign World Cup hero Enzo Fernandez too in a deal worth over £106m. Chelsea are also keen to bolster their forward ranks, with Fabrizio Romano reporting that Mudryk is viewed as the ‘perfect winger’ at Stamford Bridge, though they will only push to sign the forward if negotiations with Arsenal ‘collapse’. The Gunners submitted a second bid to Arsenal for the forward last week and are waiting to learn whether the offer has been accepted. Mikel Arteta’s side are confident that they will be able to strike a deal for Mudryk before the end of the month. The forward has also made it no secret that he would like to make the move to the Emirates Stadium outfit, speaking about the club during recent interviews and also posting that he is watching their recent fixtures on his Instagram. Chelsea are willing to be patient in their pursuit of the forward, postponing their approach until the picture becomes clearer. Thus, other targets also remain on standby. Joao Felix remains an option for Chelsea, with numerous clubs keeping tabs on the Portugal international. The versatile forward is desperate to leave Atletico Madrid this month after falling out of favour under Diego Simeone – Manchester United and Arsenal are also interested. Brighton winger Leandro Trossard has also tipped to follow in the footsteps of his former boss and join the Blues. The Belgium international has been in electric form for the Seagulls so far this season with seven goals and three assists in 16 appearances. His contract is set to expire at the Amex Stadium at the end of the campaign which could make his a cut-price target, though Brighton are set to activate the clause in his contract that will see the deal extend by a further year.