Tottenham will be hoping to finalise the protracted transfer of Pedro Porro on deadline day after managing to revive their £40million deal for the Sporting Lisbon full-back. And the Spaniard could be forgiven if he is already picking out his favoured shirt number as he prepares to sign on the dotted line with his new club. Spurs have found an agreement with Sporting just 24 hours after the deal was thought to have collapsed over the structure of payments. But after some tough negotiating, chairman Daniel Levy appears to have secured Antonio Conte's top target having held talks with the Portuguese club on Monday, with a £39.2m (€45m) fee agreed including add-ons. The Spaniard is expected to sign a long-term contract with Spurs to end weeks of speculation after Antonio Conte first targeted the 23-year-old in the summer. The former Manchester City full-back, who never made a senior appearance for the club, will return to England after spending three years in Portugal. And there is good news for the 23-year-old when it comes to choosing his favoured shirt number at his new club. READ MORE: Tottenham may have been given huge Porro favour by ex-Arsenal star The right-back has worn the No. 24 at the Estadio Jose Alvalade since arriving at the club, which was initially unavailable at Spurs. However, the current occupant is Spurs outcast Djed Spence, and as the 22-year-old is set to complete a loan move to Ligue 1 outfit Rennes until the end of the season, it would leave the No 24 free for Porro to take. The '24' jersey has been a staple of Porro's during the early years of his career. He wore the number during his loan spell with Girona and has stayed loyal to his favoured digit during his time with Sporting too. DON'T MISSPedro Porro's first words after Tottenham agree £40m transfer with medical booked inTransfer deadline day deal sheet - What is a deal sheetFive Tottenham stars that could leave after Danjuma and Porro deals Porro could therefore get his hands on the 24 shirt again once Spence is allowed to depart, with the number previously belonging to Serge Aurier. There is no doubt that Spurs fans will be hoping Porro's time at the club ends more successfully than the previous two owners. As a right-back, it will come as no surprise that Porro has worn the No. 2 jersey down the years for his country when playing at youth level. Unfortunately, Matt Doherty has that particular number in his possession, which means Porro will need to look elsewhere. If he decides to make a clean break from his favoured No. 24, there are plenty of options to choose from. As it stands, the No. 3, 18, 22, 23 and 24 appear to be the most likely options, with No 8 and 11 respectively usually reserved for attacking players.