Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has been told that he should push to sign Newcastle star Joelinton. The Brazilian arrived at St James’ Park as a striker but flourished in a midfield role under Eddie Howe this season. Following a disappointing defeat at the hands of Brentford on Monday night, Liverpool supporters have continued their plea for the club to dip into the market and recruit central midfielders. Borussia Dortmund’s Jude Bellingham and Wolves playmaker Matheus Nunes have been cited as summer targets, though it does not provide them with much-needed depth for the remainder of the campaign. Dietmar Hamann believes that his former club should also be considering a shock move for Joelinton. Asked about what transfers Klopp should be demanding, the 49-year-old tokd talkSPORT: “It depends on what Fabinho does over the next couple of months or probably until the end of the season. “I think if Fabinho doesn’t pick up, they probably need a holding midfielder, and then I think they need an offensive midfielder. I’ve always looked at a player like Joelinton, I think they need a physical presence in midfield. “I think they’ve got a lot of players in midfield, they’re all pretty similar, they can all handle the ball, they’re technically very gifted, but I also think they need a physical presence, especially in the Premier League. If Fabinho doesn’t pick up, I would say a defensive midfielder and somebody who gets a goal from midfield.” With James Milner, Naby Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain all in the final year of their contracts at Anfield, Klopp is set to be short of options in the centre of the park next season. And combined with Jordan Henderson, Thiago Alcantara and Fabinho lacking pace and energy, Jamie Carragher believes that a minimum of three midfielders should arrive in Merseyside over the summer.  He told Sky Sports: “Liverpool are going to need to go big in the summer. You look at what Chelsea and Man United spent in the summer, and they’re still not close to winning the title, so it shows you the kind of funds that you need to compete at the top of the league. “Liverpool year-in year-out have sold someone, bought someone, but I think this is a case of now Liverpool need to spend about £200 million. I’m not saying that in terms of that’s the secret to success - there’s lots of teams who have shown that doesn’t necessarily work - but Liverpool need to sign maybe three midfield players, I would say.”