  Jeremy Renner, 51, was airlifted to hospital on Sunday following the incident, which happened when he was ploughing snow. His spokesperson went on to tell the US media that the Marvel actor is now with his family and "receiving excellent care".      The Hollywood actor is best known for portraying Hawkeye in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Some fans might also recognise him for his current role in the Paramount+ series The Mayor of Kingstown. In addition, the two-time Oscar nominee has featured in numerous award-winning films, including The Hurt Locker, American Hustle, and Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol. The location of where the actor was injured has not been revealed in a report published by Deadline, but the actor reportedly owns property near the Mt Rose-Ski Tahoe resort near Lake Tahoe, which is approximately 25 miles from Reno. READ MORE: Cliff Richard's agony as friend who lived with him for 30 years dies   On New Year's Eve, the region was hit by a severe storm which left 35,000 homes without power. Jeremy’s accident comes after reports that a deadly and historic blizzard has been sweeping across the US. At least 60 people have died from the harsh winter conditions after the “blizzard of the century” ripped through North America, causing extreme damage. The storm has caused power outages, cut power supplies to homes and left people stranded in their cars - while the local police are also struggling to get out to help those in need.    On December 12, Jeremy posted a picture to Twitter that showed his car completely covered in snow. “Lake Tahoe snowfall is no joke,” the actor wrote in the caption next to the photograph. The month before, the actor could be seen skidding around in the snow as he drove his car in circles in a secluded woodland area. “Monday morning Pre winter preparation couldn’t be more fun !! #reno #tahoe,” he wrote under the clip. READ MORE... Denise Welch on Harry and Meghan's take on Prince Andrew musical [NEWS] Bill Bailey claims Jeremy Clarkson 'deserved kicking' over Meghan [LATEST] Jilly Johnson says Rolling Stone legend helped her start knitting [INSIGHT]      Jeremy married model and actress Sonni Pacheco in 2014, before the pair split later that same year. The pair share one daughter, Ava Berlin Renner, who is nine years old. Jeremy is currently playing the role of Mike McLusky in new US show Mayor of Kingstown. The series follows the character's family, who are power brokers in a fictional Michigan town, where incarceration thrives.      The show explores themes of corruption, inequality and systematic racism as the family attempts to restore some justice. Aside from his new series, Jeremy has also starred as his famous Marvel character Hawkeye in his eponymous TV miniseries on Disney+. The actor first became a household name after his performance as a bomb disposal specialist in Iraq in 2008’s The Hurt Locker. Jeremy received back-to-back Oscar nominations for his work in Kathryn Bigalow’s war thriller, as well as for 2010 crime drama The Town.   