Prince William and Prince Harry grew up together sharing an extraordinarily unique experience. But now that the relationship between the royal duo has been fractured, who is the future King's best friend? Express.co.uk spoke exclusively to body language expert Judi James about Prince William's new "wingman". Judi told Express.co.uk: "William’s current and future roles and royal destiny mean he desperately needs friends with empathy, who can understand his lifestyle and any restrictions or his need to occasionally blow off steam and be himself without stories getting back to the press." "He also needs to be able to trust," Judi claimed. "His brother, friend and wingman Harry has incinerated their trust and William has always seemed to be a reflective, cautious man who learns from mistakes in the past. "His royal friends will need to be people he can love and trust unconditionally and that difficult criteria is currently throwing up two key candidates." One of William's closest friends is Mike Tindall, who provides a level of "family support" and a "strong bond". READ MORE: 'Most awkward moment' for the Royal Family caught on camera  William's other closest friend in the Royal Family, Judi proposed, is none other than his nine-year-old son Prince George. After all, Prince William and George share something that no one else in the world has - the unique position of being heir to the British throne. The expert explained the friendship between the father and son: "Many dads start to see their sons as friends once they get to George’s age but with William and George the bond is unique as both will be King. "This seems to have created a very empathetic relationship, with both also sharing a passion for things like football. "Watching them together recently is seeing high levels of mirroring as well as the start of signals that suggest each is looking out for the other. "They genuinely enjoy each other’s company, with George often looking like a mini-me of his dad." Judi suggested that Prince George might replace an important figure in William's life - Prince Harry. "As George gets older he could become the wingman William will need. Diana had hopes it would be Harry but now it is only George who will completely ‘get’ the pressures and demands on his father and who will actually be sharing them, as William shares with his own father, Charles," she claimed. READ MORE: 'Fatal' royal rift 'caught on camera' but Kate tries to save the day  "Charles might have underestimated how important and holistic a close friendship with his son and heir might have been for him but William is unlikely to make the same mistake with George." Judi suggested that the relationship between William and George can become more friend-like as George grows up. Already the nine-year-old is taking on a fatherly role with his little brother. "George is already keeping an eye and a reassuring hand on his younger brother Louis. "On the walk to church on Christmas day we saw William turn to his older son to touch a hand on his back, only to find George was already doing an identical gesture to Louis." Interestingly, the expert suggested that Prince William is learning from his son, not just teaching him. Judi explained: "Their power balance is also quietly shifting as George grows up. "At the Jubilee it was George nudging his dad to stand up as the royal carriage rolled by and George’s trait of tucking his shirt and checking his jacket looked identical to his father’s rituals but with one intrinsic difference: rather than using mimicry or copying behaviour, this time it was George doing it before his dad."