Some industry experts have launched a campaign to allow mums and dads to bypass queueing traffic by using bus lanes when dropping their kids off at school. Parents are often held up on the congested roads and many need to make it on time to work afterwards too. Allowing parents to make use of the often empty bus lanes on the school run would save valuable time and avoid children being late to their lessons because of traffic. The majority of bus lanes are already opened up to taxis and motorcycles on UK roads. Giving those on the school run the chance to drive in these lanes will still allow buses to run on scheduled times while also ensuring students aren’t late to school. Cars with children in the back during the morning school run hours of eight and nine would be able to use the bus lane without worrying about congestion or a hefty fine. READ MORE: Thousands of drivers could escape speeding fines through loophole Tim Alcock from LeaseCar.uk said: “Parents and carers up and down the UK can really relate to the frustration of the school run, with your kids arguing in the back telling you you’ve forgotten their PE kit or lunchbox. “It’s easy to get frustrated and getting stuck in traffic knowing they’ll be late to school isn’t helping anyone. “Our campaign to allow school runners to drive in bus lanes will not only help to ease congestion on other road users getting to work during rush hour, but also stop so many children from consistently being late to school and missing education simply because of the traffic.” Unfortunately for many pupils, they can only rely on the daily car journey to get to school, with a lack of investment in school buses and safe bike lanes. DON'T MISS10 classic cars becoming tax and MOT exempt in 2023 - including BMW [INSIGHT]EV owners urged to keep heating low or risk 'battery damage' [WARNING]Petrol and diesel drivers wasting £188million a year by idling [SHOCKING] It is estimated that less than 40 percent of children are able to get to school on foot. So for many, the only option to get to school is by car, and the campaign to ease congestion on the school run would help reduce valuable time lost in lessons for kids up and down the country. Since the COVID-19 lockdowns many more people are able to work from home, which has in turn reduced the everyday traffic on UK roads during rush hour. But congestion is still a daily issue for many Brits and many will agree that the roads don’t seem to be any clearer than they were before the pandemic. READ MORE: Drivers told to use clever scraper alternatives to clear car frost Easing bus lanes restrictions and allowing school run drivers to use the often empty lane would also help ease up congestion for other road users. Mr Alcock added: “Bus lanes often allow motorcycles and taxis, and it can be really annoying knowing your kids are going to be late to school because you’re stuck in a queue whilst other vehicles sail past in the often empty bus lanes. “It poses an obvious question for local authorities, if getting kids to school on time is a priority: why aren’t parents on the school run allowed in bus lanes too? “Many pupils don’t have the luxury of living a walkable distance around the corner from school and public transport is too unreliable for many. “Opening bus lanes up to parents on the school run seems the most obvious and easy answer, and will ensure children aren’t late to school and missing out on valuable education.” Currently, Rule 141 of the Highway Code deals with whether or not drivers can use a bus lane. It states that bus lanes are shown by road markings and signs that indicate which (if any) other vehicles are permitted to use the bus lane. Unless otherwise indicated, motorists should not drive in a bus lane during its period of operation. They may enter a bus lane to stop, to load or unload where this is not prohibited. Drivers can be fined for travelling on a bus lane at a time when they are not allowed, with fines in London potentially exceeding £100.