Ferrari is closer to beating Red Bull than Mercedes in a blow to Lewis Hamilton’s hopes, according to Damon Hill. The 1996 champion claimed Mercedes would have to “reset” after a disastrous campaign last season. Meanwhile, he warned Ferrari had less of an uphill battle as they had a competitive car for much of the season before dropping back after the summer break. He told Sky Sports F1: “[Ferrari] have got less to do than Mercedes have. “Mercedes have come out with a car that clearly they’ve misunderstood something and they’re going to have to reset, whereas Ferrari came out with a car that was pretty good to start with. They didn’t capitalise through the season, and so they’ve got less, I think, of an uphill struggle for next year than Mercedes have.” Ferrari enjoyed a competitive start to 2022 with Charles Leclerc picking up two wins from the first three races. The Prancing Horse picked up another two wins mid-season with Leclerc standing on the top step in Austria and Carlos Sainz winning his first-ever race at Silverstone. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton opens up on early F1 fear after nightmare 2022 season However, the team were plagued by strategy errors and reliability concerns early on which cost them a shot at pushing Max Verstappen for the title. In comparison, Mercedes only secured one win all season with Hamilton dropping to his lowest-ever result in the Drivers' Championship, P6. Mercedes technical director Mike Elliott lowered expectations ahead of the new campaign, warning the team would “maintain scepticism”. He also stressed the team had to “be honest’ that the team were still behind their rivals at the end of the season. However, ex-Ferrari engineer and new McLaren boss Andrea Stella has hinted the Italian marque are thrilled with their new car. DON'T MISSNico Rosberg offers Lewis Hamilton excuse for losing to George Russell [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton discusses potential F1 legacy amid contract rumours [ANALYSIS]Everything Hamilton has said about the W13 ahead of 2023 car changes [COMMENT] He commented: "I expect a big reaction from Mercedes, even though I know that at Ferrari they are very happy with the new car and so they will definitely have a competitive start.” Red Bull are also concerned about the threat posed by their two main rivals despite dominating 2022. The reigning champions have admitted they are readying for a comeback in 2023 and predict both Ferrari and Mercedes to be back at the front. Newey explained: “Ferrari won’t be resting, they’ll be sorting out their weak areas. They had a couple of reliability problems. They made a couple of pit wall mistakes. So they’ll be right back. “And then of course, you saw Mercedes starting with a car that was quite a long way off the pace, and evolving it to the point that it won the last race but one. You know they will be right there. So it’s going to be a tough year, for sure.”