Arsenal blew Tottenham away in the Premier League on Sunday afternoon as they won the north London derby 2-0. And emotions boiled over at the end of the showdown as an “idiot” Tottenham fan tried to attack Gunners goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale after the final whistle had blown. Footage showed Ramsdale being kicked in the back by a fan as he tried to collect his water bottle. After the match had come to an end, Ramsdale clashed with Tottenham forward Richarlison in front of the Spurs fans. The England goalkeeper was then led away to the side of his goal by a steward who was attempting to alleviate the tension and get the situation under control. But as Ramsdale turned his back on the advertising boards, a Tottenham fan kicked him in the back before chaos ensued. “They’re all on,” said ex-Manchester United defender Gary Neville as he commentated on the incident for Sky Sports. He labelled the fan an “idiot.” And stewards then rushed over to stop the fans getting at the Arsenal players as Martin Tyler added: “This is getting out of hand.” Neville continued: “He’s (Ramsdale) snapped because a fan has come on and kicked him. He doesn’t mind a bit of a rumble, [Granit] Xhaka, but he doesn’t need trouble. Arsenal don't need trouble, just get out of there and go and celebrate with your fans. That’s going to be one hell of a celebration in that far corner, you watch this. They’ve been accused of over-celebrating, Arsenal, at times this season but I think they’re well within their rights to go for it today.” Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Ramsdale was asked about the incident during a post-match interview with Sky Sports. And the 24-year-old said: “The Spurs fans gave me some throughout the game. I was giving some back. The people I did give it to greeted it in sportsmanlike terms but one fan tried to give me a little punch on the back. “It is a shame as it is just a game of football at the end of the day. Both sets of players tried to bring me away but thankfully nothing too drastic happened. It is a sour taste but I’m sure we will enjoy it when we go back into the dressing room.” The incident resulted in the FA releasing a statement. They said: “We strongly condemn the incident involving a spectator that followed today’s Premier League fixture between Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal. This is wholly unacceptable behaviour and we will work together with the police, the relevant authorities and the clubs to ensure the appropriate action is taken.” While PFA also released a statement to condemn violence at football matches. “Violence towards players is completely unacceptable," read their statement. “These types of incidents are happening far too often. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  “Players have a right to be safe in their place of work. When a player is attacked we expect the laws and regulations that are in place to protect them and to be properly enforced. As the players' union we treat this as a priority issue. We will be continuing to work with the authorities to demand that players and staff are better protected in their place of work.” Arsenal were in imperious form at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium and went ahead after 14 minutes as Spurs keeper Hugo Lloris diverted the ball into his own net. And the Gunners doubled their advantage nine minutes before the interval courtesy of a goal from in-form attacker Martin Odegaard. Tottenham struggled to get going during the first half but improved after the break as they looked for a way back into the match. But their day ended in disappointment as they suffered their sixth top-flight defeat of the campaign. 