Two paramedics have been charged with murder after a recording emerged of a patient mbeing strapped face-down on a stretcher before he died in hospital. Peggy Finley, 44, and Peter Cadigan, 50, were called in by Springfield Police Department on December 18, 2022, to attend to a man "having alcohol withdrawal". Footage from a police body cam shows Finley telling Earl L. Moore Jr to "get up" before he is loaded onto a stretcher in a prone position. In the video, Finley can be heard saying: "Earl, sit up...sit up. Quit acting stupid. "You're going to have to walk because we ain't carrying you because I'm seriously not in the mood for this dumb s**t. Get up or you can stay here." The video, made available to the public by the Sangamon County Government, then showed two police officers moving Moore from outside his residence to get him arranged onto a stretcher outside. The paramedics are then seen placing the inebriated man on the stretcher, positioning him face-down before strapping him in. JUST IN: Female cop and colleagues fired after allegedly engaging in outrageous sex acts As the two paramedics loaded Moore into their ambulance, one unnamed police officer can be heard saying: "He's strapped in there good, he ain't going nowhere." Moore died shortly after his arrival at the hospital, with the coroner giving "compressional and positional asphyxia due to prone face done restraint" as his cause of death. Finley and Cadigan were arrested on January 9 and charged with first-degree murder, court documents show. Speaking to Good Morning America, attorney Douglas Wolfberg said: "It's completely against protocol. "To literally be thrown face-down on the stretcher as this individual was and then have the straps tightened in that position for this type of condition there was absolutely no indication for that." READ MORE: Ana Walshe 'had many fights' with husband in days leading up to disappearance, friend says Teresa Haley, the president of the Springfield chapter of the NAACP, stepped in to represent Moore's family in the case against Finley and Cadigan. She told GMA: "We can never bring Earl back to his family and I believe those EMS workers should have to pay." Cadigan and Finley are being held on a $1 million bond each. A toxicology report on the victim found he had a blood alcohol level of .07, just below the legal limit. DON'T MISS:At least seven dead in tornado emergency [REPORT]Idaho murder suspect asked neighbour about crime [ANALYISIS]Horror as child, 11, dies from ‘fentanyl intoxication’ following fight [INSIGHT] Springfield Police Department said the officers called to intervene at Moore's residence had observed the two paramedics acting "indifferently" towards their patient but had handed him over as they are not medically trained. In a statement released alongside the bodycam video, the Department said: "When those personnel acted indifferently to the patient’s condition, the officers took steps to assist the patient, to get him the care he needed, even waiting on scene to ensure the medical personnel loaded the patient into the ambulance. "The officers, who are not emergency medical professionals, are not trained nor equipped to provide the necessary medical treatment or to transport patients in this type of situation. "The officers turned over care of the patient to the licensed, medical professionals at the scene in accordance with Springfield Police Department policy."