Lockwood and Co is the latest YA series hoping to make a splash on Netflix, this time a ghostly drama set in London from UK film director Joe Cornish. Based on the popular series of novels by Jonathan Stroud, Cornish recently revealed he came up with a number of new details himself to bring the supernatural adventures to the big screen. The show’s co-creator revealed a number of elements of Lucy Carlyle’s (played by Ruby Stokes) origin story were invented for Netflix’s adaptation. Released this week, the first season of Lockwood and Co begins when Lucy is forced by her mother to sign up to a ghost-hunting agency. Unfortunately, things take a dark turn when she loses her teammates, including best friend Norrie White (Lily Newmark), and she leaves to look for work elsewhere. Once in London she meets eccentric supernatural detectives Anthony Lockwood (Cameron Chapman) and George Malick (Ali Hadji-Heshmati). READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row However, some of the early parts of the first novel were changed and expanded upon to pull in new fans for Netflix’s anticipated adaptation. “He’s a good guy, and he understood that the show will be a slightly different thing to the book,” Cornish said of author Stroud’s involvement. “Because the books are always there, and the books are phenomenal. But this show’s pretty faithful to the books.” The director confirmed the original author of the series was heavily involved throughout the whole process of bringing the first two books to life. Stroud signed off on all the scripts, so fans of the source material can rest assured any changes to the characters have his approval. At the show’s launch in London, Cornish confirmed: “[There’s] stuff that isn’t in the books that’s invented. “The book is quite light on Lucy’s backstory. And we invented a bunch of that, but we ran it past him and he gave his blessing. “He understands it’s different, and this is very much a collaboration with him.” DON'T MISS:Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row [LATEST]The Blacklist’s Megan Boone returns to Instagram with ‘exciting news' [INSIGHT]Lockwood & Co almost used Kanye track for opening titles [EXCLUSIVE] Stretching the series over eight episodes per season will give the chance for Cornish and the cast to expand the characters even further, should the adaptation continue. Set in a world where the infestation of ghosts prevented the world’s digital revolution, there are plenty of minor details and clues throughout the series to flesh out Lockwood’s parallel world. The director also confirmed just how instrumental Stroud was in bringing his alternate reality to life for Netflix. “We went to him when we needed detail,” he said. “One of the things that really gets me in film and television is when someone opens a newspaper or a book.” “I always freeze frame. Because you can look at that text and judge how carefully the producers have created this thing. “If it’s a slightly c**p film it’ll just be gibberish. Sometimes it’s Latin. “But Jonathan has written every little bit of text that appears in Marissa Fittes’ manual, in the newspapers… all the detail is right. He was brilliant, and he was there for us with details and backstories.” The series should please readers and newcomers alike with Lockwood and Co’s thrilling investigations, which will hopefully continue after a tantalising cliffhanger in the season finale. Lockwood and Co season 1 is available to stream on Netflix.