Former Scotland international Ally McCoist had Laura Woods in stitches on Tuesday morning after telling a story about how he crossed paths with Roy Keane on a beach in Qatar. The pair were part of the much-adored ITV team covering the World Cup, though with very contrasting personalities. The World Cup gave viewers around the world a true flavour of McCoist, with his infectious laughter and love of football shining through. The tournament earned the 60-year-old plenty of fans, becoming an equally as popular figure as one of his fellow pundits, Keane. However, the former Manchester United midfielder is famed for his no-nonsense punditry, refusing to beat around the bush when criticising players, managers and even pundits. The pair crossed paths whilst on a beach out in Qatar, and McCoist provided an insight into what an amusing encounter it was. He told talkSPORT: “When I had an afternoon off, I thought I'm going to go down to the beach for an hour, 'cause I like a wee swim. So I walked down to the beach, which is next to the hotel, and I'm telling you, nobody is on the beach. Nobody. It wasn't a massive beach, about 80-something beds. "One sunbed way up on the left-hand side, Roy's sitting on it and he's got his headphones on - only person on the beach. I’m thinking to myself there's no danger, absolutely no danger that he wants to see me. "Initially I thought I'll pull up a sunbed right next to him, turn on my Rammstein (Gothic metal rock band) and see where it takes us. I nearly did, I thought he'd kill me. I thought I'll pull up right next to him, I'll stick on Rammstein and have a chat with him - but I didn't." It was at this point that the radio studio fell into hysterics, with Woods – who spent plenty of time with McCoist out in the Middle East – unable to prevent her giggling from being heard by listeners. McCoist, who struggled to get the rest of the story out due to the hilarity of the incident, continued: “I walked up to him, walked all the way along the beach, he's sitting there, he's got his headphones on, he opens one eye, looks at me and removes the left ear. “I said 'You'll be delighted to hear, I'm not going to sit next to you, I'm going to leave you alone, I just wanted to say hello.' And he looked at me, closed his left eye, put his left ear plug back in, and stuck a thumb up." Once more, the room fell into laughter, with the presenters almost reduced to tears at such an easily-imaginable crossing of paths.