The boyfriend of 15-year-old Holly Newton, who was fatally stabbed in Hexham on Friday, reportedly fought to save the life of the young girl. The couple had only been together a short time when she was attacked outside Pizza Pizza in Hexham, Northumberland. The pair staggered into the takeaway after the stabbing, where staff attempted to help them. An employee said: "You don’t expect this sort of thing in Hexham. I tried to help but unfortunately I failed." Holly died just a few hours later, while her 16-year-old boyfriend was also hospitalised with stab wounds. He is now in recovery after undergoing an operation on Saturday.  Her mother Micala Trussler, 33, said her daughter had been "so excited about her new relationship". She posted: "I can never thank him enough for trying to save my baby girl." Holly was a keen dancer and a Year 10 student at Hexham’s Queen Elizabeth High School. It said: "We are in shock after the terrible events of Friday evening and devastated at the loss of Holly, a truly lovely student who was quiet, conscientious, helpful and kind." Holly lived in Haltwhistle with her mother and her stepfather Lee, 34.  READ MORE: Killers and rapists hiding in UK 'for years', investigation shows Her family and friends paid tribute to her, leaving flowers, teddy bears and messages in Hexham. A note left by her mother read: "To our baby Holly. Our hearts hurt so much right now. We love you so much. Love mam and Lee. See you soon beautiful." Another card read: "Lots of love Holly. The best big sister in the world." Her grandparents wrote: "You were amazing. All our love Nana and Grandad." A relative of her boyfriend's said: "The most frightening thing is the number of young people who feel they have to carry knives."  DON'T MISS:Woman calls for firework control after dog dies of heart attack [LATEST]Ron DeSantis teases his 2024 White House run [SPOTLIGHT]Keir Starmer has 'no policies for getting rid of woke' [ANALYSIS] Mayor Derek Kennedy added: "It’s a very warm and loving community. It’s knocked everyone for six." A 16-year-old boy, who cannot be named for legal reasons, has been charged with murder, attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon. He is due to appear before magistrates in Newcastle on Monday. 