Manchester United have had their summer transfer plans wrecked after it emerged their target Yann Sommer has verbally agreed to join Bayern Munich. The Red Devils have climbed to fourth in the Premier League table following a strong run of form under Erik ten Hag. United are desperately attempting to secure their return to the Champions League after missing out on qualification for this season’s competition and have lost just twice in the Premier League since mid-August. They were dealt a blow at the start of the winter transfer window, however, when Newcastle recalled goalkeeper Martin Dubravka, who had been on loan at Old Trafford. The Red Devils have acted quickly to thrash out a loan deal for Crystal Palace goalkeeper Jack Butland, with the ex-England international’s medical scheduled to take place on Thursday, according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano. Butland’s loan deal won’t include a buy option clause, however, which means they will still be on the hunt for a No 2 come the end of the season. READ MORE: Tottenham star Son Heung-min expresses sorrow for team-mates    Sommer, who is out of contract at the end of the campaign, has been linked with United for months following his excellent performances for Borussia Monchengladbach. But, according to Sky Sports, the 34-year-old Switzerland keeper only wants to join Bayern. Bayern transfer chief Hasan Salihamidzic wants to sign Sommer because Monaco won’t release 26-year-old German shot-stopper Alexander Nubel. And the Bundesliga giants could snap Sommer up on a deal that would run until 2025. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see   Sommer has made 335 appearances for Monchengladbach since joining the club from Basel in 2014. The veteran has also won 80 caps for Switzerland and started three of his country’s World Cup matches in Qatar as they reached the last 16 before being dumped out by Portugal. United, meanwhile, are looking for a new keeper who can provide competition to regular No 1 David de Gea. The Spaniard is out of contract in the summer but looks to pen fresh terms on a reduced salary. And earlier this week, De Gea said: “I was saying this is my club, I’ve been here many, many years and it’s a huge honour to be here and I’m so happy here. Yeah, I’m very relaxed [about the contract], just focussed on training, performing as best as I can. But, for sure, it’s going to end in a good way.” United are set to host Everton in the FA Cup on Friday night, before welcoming Charlton to Old Trafford in the Carabao Cup on Tuesday night. 