Liverpool icon Steven Gerrard has offered his services to his former club, claiming he would fly out to Germany himself and speak to Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham in an attempt to convince him to move to Anfield. The England World Cup star has been linked with a move to Jurgen Klopp's side, but they face significant competition from across Europe. Liverpool could sign Bellingham but would face a blow if they do not qualify for next season's Champions League, as the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester City have also expressed their interest in paying a fee of over £100million for the midfielder. Gerrard has tipped the teenager to consider Liverpool even if they missed out on a top-four place this year, and even offered to buy him a "nice dinner" in Dortmund in a bid to turn his head towards an Anfield transfer. "I am sure Jude Bellingham is bright enough to look at Liverpool, who have one of the top five managers in the world," Gerrard told BT Sport. "They are building a new stand, they have world class facilities I want Jude Bellingham at Liverpool. I'll fly out to Dortmund and take him out for a nice dinner! I think it's important to stay in England to continue his growth and development. Just get him to send his diary to me!" Gerrard admitted Liverpool need some more bodies in midfield but suspects Jurgen Klopp is willing to wait for his top targets and won't panic buy. He added:   "They’ve had some injuries in that department, I think that if Liverpool’s midfield is all fully fit you’ve got [Jordan] Henderson, Fabinho - Fabinho right at it - and the class of Thiago, in top form it’s a very good midfield. "They’re all experienced, they’ve all had fantastic careers, but I think the thing is if one or two of them is missing then you’re relying on young players, you’re relying on players that haven’t really hit the ground running here at Liverpool like [Naby] Keita for example, so it has become a little bit stale in the engine room so that’s why there’s been a lot of talk about midfielders and signings, and will Jurgen go into the transfer market. DON'T MISS...Man Utd can replicate Van Persie move as Ten Hag priority out of reachChelsea boss Potter explains Mudryk debut plan before Liverpool clashTottenham eye Trossard rebound as Paratici 'sets up Zaniolo meeting'  "The thing I’ve learnt from Jurgen over the years being around him and being a Liverpool fan is that he won’t rush into it just to get an extra body into midfield, he’ll wait for the one that he wants, or the couple that he wants, and if they’re not available he’ll be prepared to be patient and wait until they do become available. "Right now, I think the obvious one is Bellingham off the back of the World Cup and what he’s doing out in Dortmund anyway. I’m a huge fan of him, I think the way he comes across, the way he speaks about the game, his performances that I’ve seen every time he impresses me. "He’s the obvious one at the moment because Henderson is adapting his game when he covers Trent [Alexander-Arnold] a little bit on that right-hand side, Thiago is more of a footballer whilst Fabinho stays, Liverpool lack this running number eight who can arrive in the box, can get you a goal, who’s got that power, who’s got that burst, who can step aside and really leave someone for dead." 