 Constantine II, the last King of Greece, died on Tuesday, January 10 in Athens at the age of 82. Having ascended the throne in 1964, he ruled for just three years during a turbulent period in the country’s modern history that culminated in the abolition of the monarchy. In 1967, Constantine was forced to flee Greece with his family, travelling to Rome before moving to London, where he spent a large portion of his exile and developed a close relationship with his second cousin, Charles, now King Charles III.  The former Greek king attended the lavish wedding of Charles and Lady Diana Spencer in July 1981. He was among the 3,500 guests who descended on St Paul’s Cathedral to witness the history-making union. However, his invitation to the Royal Wedding caused controversy in Greece, with the President at the time refusing to attend. According to historian Carolyn Harris, who discussed the nuptials with History.com in 2020, then-President Konstantinos Karamanlis “did not attend because former King Constantine of Greece, a cousin and friend of Prince Charles, was invited to the wedding with the title of ‘King’.” The monarchy had been legitimately abolished seven years earlier, in December 1974, after Karamanlis had called a referendum. Constantine was consequently deposed and stripped of his title. READ MORE: King Constantine: Royals descend on Greece for Prince William's godfather's funeral  Constantine remained in exile for forty years after the vote in favour of the republic. He was firmly discouraged from returning to his home country, guidance he followed until February 1981 — when he returned for the funeral of his mother, Queen Frederica. The government allowed him to return for only a few hours. In the years that followed, Constantine was embroiled in legal disputes with the Greek state. Deprived of his nationality and property in 1994, the former king filed a complaint with the European Court of Human Rights to recover them. Then, in 2002, Greece was ordered to pay more than €13 million (£8 million) to the royal family as monetary compensation for the lost property. Constantine and his wife Anne-Marie lived in London for several years, bringing up their five children at their home in Hampstead. It was there that the couple socialised with members of high society, including Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales. The former king was made godfather to the Prince and Princess of Wales’ first son, Prince William.   According to Greek media outlet Protagon, Constantine never accepted his deposition; his passport still read “Constantine, King of Greece”. In 2016, during an interview with the television channel Skai, he said: “I am not the former King Constantine, I am King Constantine, period.” Constantine’s funeral was held at the Orthodox Metropolitan Cathedral at midday on Monday, January 16. He will later be buried during a private ceremony in the former royal residence in Tatoi, north of Athens. Thousands of people lined up outside the cathedral to pay their final respects to Greece’s last king, and royals from across Europe have flocked to the capital city in recent days. Constantine’s beloved sister, Queen Sofía of Spain, has been in Athens since January 5, when her brother was first hospitalised. Her son King Felipe and daughter-in-law Queen Letizia of Spain attended the funeral, as did Infantanas Cristina and Elena, and Don Juan Carlos, the former king of Spain. DON'T MISS: William and Charles had 'earth-shattering rows' after Camilla marriage [REPORT]Kate celebrates 41st birthday with 'grace and beauty' [REVEAL]Prince William 'devastated' over Harry attacks and 'cannot forgive'... [REPORT]  Queen Margrethe of Denmark, Constantine’s sister-in-law, was spotted arriving in Athens on January 15. King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium, the Netherlands’ Princess Beatrix and King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden also made an appearance. Princess Anne, who is representing the British Royal Family, was spotted arriving alongside her husband Sir Timothy Laurence. It was widely reported that the Prince and Princess of Wales were due to travel to Greece to attend the funeral, but, according to Kensington Palace officials, this was incorrect, and neither William nor Kate will be at the service. It had also been suggested that Prince Edward and his wife Sophie, Countess of Wessex, would be in attendance. However, the Daily Express’s royal correspondent Richard Palmer understands that this is not the case. Constantine was admitted to hospital in early January and was reportedly treated in the intensive care unit as he was having breathing difficulties. He was last seen in public in October of last year, enjoying a meal with his wife and sisters in the centre of Athens. Queen Margrethe of Denmark, Constantine’s sister-in-law, was spotted arriving in Athens on January 15. King Philippe and Queen Mathilde of Belgium, the Netherlands’ Princess Beatrix and King Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia of Sweden are also due to attend the funeral.