Reflecting the current cost-of-living crisis, homeowners and future homeowners are looking for practical features as well as luxuries in their next purchase, according to research by Purplebricks. An uncertain economic backdrop and rising mortgage rates have changed buyers' priorities in 2023. According to research, buyers are looking for new properties with off-road parking, a big garden and, given the ongoing cost-of-living crisis, an economical central heating system in 2023. Research by the digital-first estate agent has outlined the top 10 priorities of buyers for their next homes in 2023: 1. Off-road parking 2. Big garden 3. Economical central heating system 4. En-suite bathroom 5. Garage 6. Great insulation 7. Equal-sized bedrooms 8. Good pubs within walking distance 9. An open-plan living area 10. Good schools nearby Tom Greenacre, managing director of Purplebricks, said: “2023 will be a year that some step onto the housing ladder for the first time, and others will buy again to try and tick off some of their wishlist. READ MORE: Harry & Meghan's £11million Santa Barbara home even has thrones “After the public have faced so many challenges of late, not least the cost-of-living crisis, we are seeing desires for a new home focus on cost-saving features like a cost-effective central heating system and solid insulation as well as nice-to-have elements like an ensuite bathroom and a pub down the road. “If you are planning to sell and your property has several of these features, you could be in luck and find a buyer pretty quickly." With the number of cars on the road ever-increasing, it can be tough for homeowners living on a street with no off-road parking, especially for those with more than one car. With this in mind, it is easy to see why nearly half (47 percent) of Britons value parking so highly. DON'T MISS'Unpretentious' - Kate and William spend Christmas at Anmer Hall [INSIGHT]Zara Tindall shared 'quiet life' with ex-boyfriend in £400,000 home [UPDATE]Fizzy drink hack to keep real Christmas trees alive for longer [ANALYSIS] During the coronavirus pandemic, being confined to homes made the desire for garden space higher than ever. Despite no longer being confined to our homes, it appears having space is still at the forefront of buyers' minds with two in five (40 percent) desiring a big garden to provide space for themselves or their family to enjoy. Buyers craving an economical heating system comes as no surprise given the current energy crisis. In fact, 40 percent of buyers wished for an economical central heating system to provide optimal heating for the best value possible. READ MORE: Effective methods to banish mould and ‘prevent’ a damp environment Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Bills are only set to increase in April 2023 too with the unit price that suppliers can charge households rising by 20 percent to £3,000 for the average typical household so homeowners need all the help they can get. This is more of a luxury but a luxury that homeowners do want. An incredible 39 percent of Britons said they desired an en-suite bathroom to make trips to the bathroom at night shorter. A garage is also a well-thought-of feature that homeowners still look for. It accounts for not only off-road parking but also storage space. Plus, there's often the opportunity to convert garages into another room in the home if more space is wanted. Given the cold weather and high energy prices, there have been few times insulation has been such a priority. The more heat homeowners can keep in, the better as they will be warmer and their pockets will be better off. This definitely saves arguing between younger family members. Equal-sized rooms simply make life easier and allow storage and living spaces to be well-organised which is why one in four (25 percent) people desire them. One in five (20 percent) homeowners now set their heart on an open-plan living area to combine the kitchen, dining and living rooms. This allows parts of the property to flow into each other nicely and creates a great entertaining space.