The Duke of Sussex was frustrated that Prince William broke a brotherly tradition before his wedding to Meghan Markle in 2018, Harry revealed in his bombshell memoir. The night before his wedding, the Duke stayed at the Coworth Park Hotel and was joined by pals for drinks at a private cottage. But his brother was missing - breaking their promise to have dinner together before their wedding. William’s breach of their pact left Harry disappointed. In his book, the Duke said: "Someone asked about my brother. 'Where's Willy?' "I gave another non-answer. Another sore subject. He'd been scheduled to join us for the evening. But, like Meg's father, he'd cancelled last minute." Harry continued: "[William] told me, just before he attended tea with Granny: 'Can't do it, Harold. Kate and the kids.' I'd reminded him that this was our tradition, that we'd had dinner before his wedding, that we'd gone together and visited the crowds. He held fast. 'Can't do it.' I pushed. 'Why you being like this, Willy? I was with you the whole night before you married Kate. Why you doing this?'" The Duke adds that while William did join him for a walkabout to greet the crowds outside Windsor Castle, he did not accompany him to the hotel.  He also revealed he was not the best man at William’s wedding to Kate in 2011. William's friends, James and Thomas, were the best men. The lie spread by Buckingham Palace annoyed him, claimed Harry, who called it a "bare-faced lie". Harry explained: "The public had been told that I was to be best man, but that was a bare-faced lie. The public expected me to be best man, and thus the Palace saw no choice but to say that I was. In truth, Willy didn’t want me giving a best-man speech. He didn’t think it safe to hand me a live mic and put me in a position to go off script. I might say something wildly inappropriate. He wasn’t wrong." Instead, William's friends, James and Thomas, were the best men. While Harry was not officially the best man, he did give a best-man speech at William and Kate’s wedding, in which he paid an emotional tribute to their mother Diana. READ MORE: Harry should have 'nice gesture' with royals like 'coffee invite' According to sources inside the evening reception, Harry’s speech was "warm and affectionate" and peppered with good humour and jokes. A guest at the Buckingham Palace celebration revealed at the time: "Harry only said a few words, but it was so emotional. The entire room burst into applause." Almost a decade later, Harry decided to leave the Royal Family to spare Meghan Markle the negative media coverage his mother suffered from back in the day, which culminated with her death in 1997 in Paris. In an interview with Anderson Cooper on CBS’ 60 Minutes, Harry revealed he and William were not on speaking terms. DON'T MISS:Prince Harry’s threats to Royal Family are ‘tantamount to blackmail’ [REPORT]William 'won’t co-operate in humiliating apology' [REPORT]Eugenie 'sighed' when Harry told her about 'awkward' first date [REPORT] He told Mr Cooper: "My brother and I love each other. I love him deeply. There has been a lot of pain between the two of us, especially the last six years. "None of anything that I've written, anything I've included is ever intended to hurt my family. But it does give a full picture of the situation as we were growing up, and also squashes this idea that somehow my wife was the one that destroyed the relationship." In the same interview, he revealed he has used psychedelics to help cope with grief. He said: "I would never recommend people to do this recreationally. But doing it with the right people if you are suffering from a huge amount of loss, grief or trauma, then these things have a way of working as a medicine." Since the release of Harry's book, the two brothers have not spoken publicly. READ NEXT:Tom Bower fumes Royal Family 'must hit back' at HarryStarmer put on spot over if Harry and Meghan should attend coronationKing 'angry and outraged' at Prince Harry over Camilla swipeHollywood has 'had enough' of 'increasingly toxic' Harry and MeghanCharles to 'ignore Harry treachery' as Palace fears 'losing control'