Liverpool may reportedly be prepared to sell star man Mohamed Salah just months after handing the 30-year-old a lucrative new contract to keep him at Anfield until 2025. The Egyptian became the highest-paid Reds player in history in the summer, but his form has dipped alongside the rest of the squad to leave them languishing in mid-table following their 0-0 draw at home to Chelsea on Saturday. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp may be facing a rebuild as his side has tailed off from previous years and could need a serious cash injection if they miss out on securing Champions League football this season. Calcio Mercato have claimed that Klopp is not fully convinced by Salah’s performances this season and the club would consider the possibility of selling the three-time Premier League Golden Boot winner for no less than £70million. Paris Saint-Germain are most likely to be interested in the man with seven league goals so far this campaign. If Salah were to leave Anfield before next season, the report claims that Klopp has decided to move for Juventus’ Federico Chiesa as his replacement while the Italian club have quoted a fee in the region of £53m to allow the forward to leave. The 25-year-old has recently recovered from an anterior cruciate ligament tear that kept him out of action for nearly a year and is building up his fitness as he returns as one of the Old Lady’s star players. Juventus are facing a 15-point penalty for alleged usage of falsified financial gain and may be prepared to offload some of their stars that can fetch a hefty transfer fee, such as Chiesa. He would slot in on the right flank, though questions could be raised as fans and pundits have been calling for investment to be made in midfield. DON'T MISSMan Utd boss Ten Hag has three players who need dropping after Arsenal lossLiverpool urged to pinch 'Chelsea's own Maldini' to form Van Dijk partnershipChelsea ditch hijacker tag with Boehly set to do Tottenham huge favour with Ziyech Cody Gakpo was signed this month in order to bolster Klopp’s forward options in the absence of Diogo Jota and Luis Diaz through injury, while the German coach has admitted that the club could be facing a rebuild as he looked ahead to the summer. "At [Borussia] Dortmund, it was clear when I left, I said ‘something has to change here’. It is a different situation," he said. "Either the manager’s position changes or a lot of other things change. So, as far as I am concerned unless someone tells me I will not go. "So that means maybe there is a point where we have to change other stuff. We will see that, but that is something for the future. Like summer or whatever. Not now. I have space and time to think about it, we have to play better football now."