Asda bosses have revealed proposed changes to store operations that could put up to 300 jobs at risk. Supermarket chain chiefs have floated adjustments of overnight stocking shifts at 184 supermarkets, moving them to the daytime. The move is feared to risk 211 night manager roles, and affect up to 4,137 paid workers. Night shift workers receive a premium for patterns for working unsociable hours, with their pay packets boosted by at least £2.52 per hour. Moving to the day shift would see them lose this boost, with total salaries varying on the position. Asda has also revealed plans to make a 25 percent cut to opening hours at 23 of its in-store Post Office shops. And the chain will shut seven of its in-store pharmacies currently staffed by 14 pharmacists and 48 other workers. READ MORE: Boy discovers 'world's longest chip' bigger than his head Ken Towle, Asda's retail director, said: "The retail sector is evolving at pace and it is vital we review changing customer preferences, along with our own ways of working, to ensure we are operating as efficiently as possible so that we can continue to invest and grow our business. "We are now entering a period of consultation with our colleagues on these proposals. "We recognise this will be a difficult time for them and will do all we can to support them through this process." The changes are the latest in a series of proposals that will see Asda depart from tradition. On Wednesday, Asda revealed that it would start axing use-by dates for select products. In a bid to reduce food waste, staff will replace these with best-before dates on yoghurts. Items including the revamped date labels will include natural yoghurt, Greek yoghurt and strawberry and hazelnut. While implemented with the intention of ensuring people don't throw away foods seen as "old", it may also mean that fewer items are discounted. Traditionally, Asda and other supermarkets have placed products closed to expiry on "reduced to clear" shelves with yellow labels. People can buy these at a reduced price, but it is not clear whether Asda will place items with a "best before" on the same shelf as "use-by" products. The changes to Asda's shift patterns come at a difficult time for British workers, as layoffs and hiring freezes dominate several industries. Recent research by small business lender Iwoca for City AM found that a majority of businesses have plans to keep staffing levels unchanged this year. The research found that nearly four in five UK businesses have no plans to boost their ranks in 2023. Purchasing managers’ indexes from S&P Global and CIPS published in January found evidence of shrinking in the services, construction and manufacturing sectors. The trouble comes as Britons face a pandemic slump and cost of living crisis that has knocked the economy. 