Pep Guardiola dramatically walked out of his post-match interview with Sky Sports after tearing into his Manchester City stars despite their remarkable Premier League comeback against Tottenham. The City boss scathed about his side after their 4-2 win over Spurs, claiming he does not 'recognise' his players. City were 2-0 down at half-time and on the brink of three-straight defeats in all competitions. In the last two weeks, they have been dumped out of the EFL Cup by Southampton and were beaten by rivals Manchester United at the weekend. But the reigning Premier League champions fought back in the second half, inspired by Riyad Mahrez. The Algerian created goals for Julian Alvarez and Erling Haaland before netting a brace of his own. Having already given a few fiery quotes to Sky, it was put to Guardiola that he was not happy with his team. "Of course I'm not," the Spaniard snapped at reporter Patrick Davidson. "Of course I'm not. I don't recognise my team. "My team always had passion and [more] desire than everyone. They run and everything, and..." Davidson interjected: "And obviously you've told this to them?" JUST IN: Grealish gives perfect response after being 'insulted' in interview Guardiola paused before giving the reporter a confused look. "I don't have to tell you what I said," the former Bayern Munich boss responded before walking away from the interview. Davidson attempted to get the 52-year-old to come back but his effort was to no avail. Guardiola returned to City's dressing room and will now plot a game plan for his side's clash with Wolves on Sunday. The former Barcelona boss had already ripped into City’s fans in a separate interview. He accused supporters of being ‘silent’ in the opening 45 minutes as they watched their side falter and trail 2-0. A minority of those inside the Etihad Stadium could be heard booing upon the half-time whistle. Broadcast cameras caught Guardiola looking up at the stands portraying a shocked expression, clearly disgruntled by the negativity. DON'T MISS...Micah Richards slams 'unacceptable' Man City fans as Tottenham hit twoRicharlison ends Carragher feud by apologising ahead of Man City gameTottenham team news - Three changes expected vs Man City Guardiola told journalists: “We lacked guts, passion, fire, desire to win from minute one. The same with the fans, they are silent for 45 minutes. I want my fans back!" The former midfielder accepted that his side were lucky to come from behind in the second half. He added: “We cannot deny how happy we are but we are far away from the team that we were, not in terms of play, we played good in the second half, but there were many things, the competitiveness in terms of what we do have to do that we are far away, far away. “Rico Lewis concedes four fouls and of course it’s not a yellow card [for Rodrigo Bentancur] because it’s Rico Lewis, and we don’t react. We concede the first goal and after the second goal it’s ridiculous. We play short and we play because our manager told us how to play like this and have to do this, but there is nothing from the stomach and the guts. We were lucky but without change sooner or later again we are going to drop points.”