Tottenham are reportedly still ‘pushing’ to sign Sporting Lisbon star Pedro Porro but the club’s refusal to pay the 23-year-old’s £39million release clause may prevent any deal. Right-wing-back has been a problem position for Spurs so far this season and one Antonio Conte is desperate to improve this month. However, he may be forced to look at alternative options given the club’s stance. Tottenham right-wing-backs have been widely criticised over the course of the campaign with Emerson Royal out of form and Matt Doherty struggling for consistency. The club did look to improve in the position over the summer by signing Djed Spence, but the England U-21 international has spent most of his time on the sidelines after failing to impress Conte. As a result, the Italian has been looking to add in the position again during the January transfer window. Tottenham reportedly launched their first bids for the star this week with transfer guru Fabrizio Romano stating that the club had offered a player plus cash deal while Portuguese outlet Record suggested a £30m bid had been tabled. The club are still ‘pushing’ for the transfer according to Ben Jacobs but are reluctant to fork out for his £39m release clause which is what Sporting are holding out for. It remains to be seen if they can come to any arrangement but the Portuguese club are understandably reluctant to lose one of their star assets. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte hits new low with sad admission after Man City loss Sporting head coach Ruben Amorin has made clear that Porro will not be on the move unless his release clause is triggered despite the player believed to be keen on the move. "With regard to Pedro Porro, we know that there are players in our team who, because of what they have done, are now wanted by other clubs,” he said. “We had this problem in the summer too. "What I was told is that he can only leave if the clause is triggered. And if the clause is triggered, there is nothing we can do. What I was told is that he can only leave if the clause is triggered. And if the clause is triggered, there is nothing we can do. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure "He is playing really well. Like me, he is living one of the best moments of his career and he is only focused on Sporting. We are prepared for anything and we know that there are clubs who can pay the clause. But, until that happens, I think Pedro is safe." Only time will tell if Spurs will manage to come to an agreement with Sporting but it is clear that Conte would like to strengthen on the right-hand side before the end of the window.