Eamonn Holmes, 63, has recently returned at the helm of GB News' breakfast show, after taking some time off following an operation. The presenter previously caused a stir as he revealed his "favourite royal", and recalled maybe upsetting King Charles, 74, when he "broke protocol" and kissed Camilla, the Queen Consort, 75. He breached rules by kissing her in 2018, with Eamonn joking about the pair's relationship in an interview. Speaking to The Belfast Telegraph, about Camilla, he said: "I have had the opportunity to meet Camilla privately at functions on a number of occasions. "She is approachable and incredibly friendly. Not only that, she’s a darn good laugh. READ MORE: Kiefer Sutherland was torn apart by co-star: 'Hated every second' "As I keep telling her, she is my favourite royal, though I’m not sure what her husband makes of that." After the pair encountered each other at a TV station's headquarters in London in 2014, Camilla said: "We always meet in peculiar places." Eamonn replied: "That's enough of that." This prompted the Prince to intrude, asking Eamonn: "Where have you been with my wife?" Four years later, he greeted Camilla by giving her a kiss when she visited the This Morning studios with Charles. Speaking about his relationship with his wife Ruth Langsford, Eamonn gushed: "I'm an outrageous flirt, but we're safe as houses. "We could not be happier, or more secure, in our marriage." Eamonn married his first wife, Gabrielle Holmes in 1985, with the pair sharing three children. DON'T MISS...A Place In The Sun presenter Jasmine Harman hit with 'sad news'Prince Harry and Meghan make supermodel Caprice 'want to vomit' Bond Girl Eva Green blames 'being French' for branding bosses 'stupid' They separated in 1994, due to a mixture of reasons including Eamonn's father's death and the strain of Eamonn's career on their relationship. Not long after Eamonn began dating Ruth, but the couple kept their relationship a secret for a while to be fair to Eamonn's ex partner. In 2002, Ruth gave birth to their son, Jack Alexander Holmes. The couple eventually married in 2010 in Hampshire, as Eamonn's divorce was not finalised till 2005. Elsewhere, Eamonn ITV at the height of the pandemic by suggesting conspiracy theories linking Covid to 5G should be listened to. He was investigated by Ofcom and forced to issue a clarification the next day. A few months later, however, Eamonn and Ruth were dropped from their afternoon Friday slot and replaced by Dermot O'Leary and Alison Hammond.