Strictly Come Dancing may be over but as fans eagerly wait for a new series, the professional dancers are busy with their own tours. Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer have teamed up once again for their latest tour and were on BBC Breakfast to promote Firedance.  As they joined Sally Nugent and Jon Kay, the hosts were keen to quiz Gorka on his reaction to missing out on the Glitterball trophy. When the Strictly final aired in December 2022, fans spotted Gorka looking angry at the result as Helen had become a front-runner to lift the trophy. Host Sally began: "Gorka, we watched you all the way through Strictly and you know that moment at the final. "We saw the emotion in that and I think everybody felt it. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show "How do you... I mean, congratulations because you had a briliant, brilliant run. "How do you recharge yourself after that? Because that hugely emotional moment after working for months and months and months. "I mean brilliant Helen, how do you get over that in a way?" Taking a deep breath, Gorka replied: "You know what, it was probably the first 10 mins after the results I go 'Oh'. "That disappointment, of 'Oh we were so close and we haven't got it.' "But after you take yourself out of it and look at what Helen acheived this series, for me it just means more to see that growth and improvement through the weeks and how much she learned as a person and her confidence than lifting the trophy. "For me, that means more than winning the trophy." Gorka continued: "For me I was happy even if I wasn't happy at the minute I hadn't won it." DON'T MISS...Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show [INSIGHT]Helen Skelton 'terrified' as Strictly stars dodge 'bottles thrown' [LATEST]Rose Ayling-Ellis appalled after ableist heckler interrupts live show [INSIGHT] "Lovely words," Jon concluded before congratulating the dancer on becoming a dad for the first time. Gorka and his partner Gemma Atkinson are expecting their second child together later this year. Earlier this month Gemma posted on her Instagram page: "Impossible to hide my belly any longer. I’ve officially “popped.” "Our baby boy will be joining our family later this year. "We feel so incredibly blessed and Grateful to be on this journey again. Mia is absolutely thrilled! "Although we may need to do some negotiating on names, as so far she’s adamant he’s going to be called Barbie." Gorka and Karen are on tour for the coming weeks but it's hoped they will return to Strictly later in the year. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One from 6am.