New estimates suggest that freezing temperatures will hit the UK in the coming days with the Scottish Glens experiencing as low as minus 10 degrees. Experts are warning that this bout of cold weather may result in people experiencing frozen pipes in their house. As a result of this, energy bills for families will skyrocket as families will have to pay for repair as well as their gas and electricity costs. In light of this forecast, the Met Office has issued a yellow warning across Northern Ireland, southern Scotland, northern England, northern Wales and parts of the Midlands. According to the weather service, overnight sleet results in slippery surfaces which could cause “injuries from slips and falls” and “icy patches on some untreated roads”. Craig Snell, a meteorologist at the Met Office, said: “We could well see some wintry showers develop tonight across the middle band of the UK, with a risk of snow on high ground and slippery surfaces on lower areas.” One of the consequences of temperatures dropping by this amount is that households may find their pipes freeze and break. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments The damage caused by such an incident would be expensive, as well as debilitating during a period of very cold weather. Households are already having to deal with an extortionate rise in energy bills, partially caused by the war in Ukraine and pressures on the wholesale gas and electricity market. Even with Government support in place via the price guarantee, energy bills have risen by 27 percent since October 2022. On top of this, the energy price guarantee is expected to rise to £3,000 in April which will cause costs to increase substantially once again. Noel Summerfield, the head of Home at Admiral, broke down how frozen, and eventually, burst pipes will only contribute more to families’ energy woes. He explained: “Burst pipes cause disruption for thousands of homes every year. Following periods of freezing weather, we always see an increase in claims for damage caused by burst pipes. “After the last cold snap in December 2022, we had three times as many claims as in December 2021 and twice as many as in November 2022. “Last year burst and leaking pipes were the reason for a whopping 84 percent of all escape of water claims." READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly The insurance expert noted that households need to prepare as soon as possible to prevent “costly damage” coming their way. Mr Summerfield added: “With temperatures set to plummet and a Met Office cold weather alert coming into force, you need to prepare now to protect your home and avoid potential costly damage.” “Looking after your pipes might seem like just another thing on your to do list but preventing a burst pipe in the first place is much easier than dealing with the aftermath. “Having a burst pipe in your home is distressing and can cause a lot of damage. If the damage is extensive, it can take time for your property to fully dry out.” According to Admiral, there are multiple things people can do to prevent their home succumbing to frozen or broken pipes amid this cold weather. These include insulating a home’s water tank and using quality lagging to insulate the pipes in the building’s loft and outside area. On top of this, families should install a smart thermostat which will allow them to adjust the temperature while they are away from home. Finally, the insurer is urging people to “be alert” to all discolouration to floor or walls and any drop in boiler pressure as this would suggest a leak is taking place.