Britain is likely to witness heavy rain and the possibility of flooding over the next few days. There are also 176 flood warnings across parts of the UK.  England's Environment Agency issued 37 flood warnings and 114 flood alerts. The warning stated: “Local river and surface water flooding impacts are probable in parts of South West England later Wednesday into Thursday with river flooding impacts continuing into Friday. “Slower responding rivers, particularly in parts of the West Midlands and North East England, are likely to remain high through the next five days leading to further river flooding impacts. “River and surface water flooding impacts are also possible but not expected across parts of North and South West England on Saturday.   “Local groundwater flooding is possible through the next five days in the south of England. “Land, roads and some properties could flood and there could be travel disruption.” There are six flood alerts and one flood warning for Scotland, while 26 flood alerts and one flood warning for Wales. The Scottish Environment Protection Agency also issued six flood alerts across south-west Scotland, covering Argyll and Bute, Ayrshire and Arran, Central Scotland, Dumfries and Galloway, and West Central Scotland. READ MORE: Mum leaves young son after taking her own life on Christmas Day  Motorists are being advised by the RAC to be "on their guard" in the wet weather. The organisation said people should be driving at slower speeds and leaving a larger space between their vehicles and those ahead. The majority of the flood warnings are clustered in the Dorset area. However, there are also flood warnings along the River Severn at points such as Tewkesbury and Frankwell. Areas including Curry Moor and Hay Moor in Somerset are also at risk. DON'T MISS:Rishi Sunak’s plan for Brexit freedoms could trigger science fund boom [SPOTLIGHT]Australia's highest ranking Catholic cleric Cardinal George Pell dies [INSIGHT]Richard Branson says he found Elon Musk barefoot in his kitchen  [REVEAL]