Prominent Democrat Elizabeth Warren has refused to back Kamala Harris for another term as Vice-President. The 73-year-old, who stood against both Joe Biden and Kamala Harris for the Democratic nomination in 2020, said the President had got a "tremendous amount done" despite having the "skinniest possible majority" in the Senate. She seemed to fully endorse President Biden for another term in the White House, but could not sum up the same enthusiasm for his VP. Ms Warren is known for her left-wing views and has been in the Senate since 2012. When asked if Ms Harris should be Biden's running mate in 2024 she said: "I’ve known Kamala for a long time. I like Kamala. "I knew her back when she was an attorney-general [of California] and I was still teaching and we worked on the housing crisis together, so we go way back. "I really want to defer to what makes Biden comfortable on his team."  During the 2020 campaign both women differed in their views over whether Donald Trump should be banned from Twitter, which he eventually was after the January 6 riot at the Capitol. Harris said he should, while Warren wanted to focus on ousting him from power. Vice President Harris has a disapproval rating of 51.2 percent and an approval rating of 38.4 percent amongst Americans as of January 2023.  READ MORE: Biden won’t negotiate on debt crisis after 2011, staffer says She is the first woman of colour to serve as Vice President of the United States, and even questioned President Biden on his past attitudes to race during the campaign. He later picked her as his running mate for the election, which saw the Democrats take back the White House after four years of the Trump/Pence administration.  DON'T MISS:Love Island sickness tears through the villa [LATEST]GB News hotly debate if Harry and Meghan should attend coronation [SPOTLIGHT]Trump is 'savvier' and a 'more difficult adversary', insider says [ANALYSIS] Aged 80, President Biden is the oldest person to ever serve as POTUS, although he is expected to declare his intention to run again in 2024 soon. He will deliver the state of the union address on February 7, and may officially announce his bid soon after. There is no suggestion that he will replace Harris as his running mate, according to The Times. 