Sarah Ferguson, 63, lived in a flat in Lavender Gardens in Clapham when she was courting Prince Andrew before they tied the knot on July 23, 1986. The Duchess of York shared the property location when she was interviewed on the Graham Norton Show in 2009. Fergie claimed she lived in a ground-floor flat in Lavender Gardens. She even rented the property for just £30 a week, the equivalent of just over £90 a week in today’s money. The Duchess described how the Prince “couldn’t believe” that her living space was “all in one room”. What’s more, she didn’t even have a full furniture set, hanging her clothes on a laundry rail instead of in a wardrobe. Sarah said in 2009: “[Andrew] couldn't believe my bathroom and my bedroom and everything was all in one room because I rented the room for £30 a week. READ MORE: Kate Middleton is called a different name by Queen Letizia of Spain  “And I didn’t have a wardrobe, I just had a laundry rail and hung everything on the laundry rail.” She added: “I was a single working girl!”  Chat show host Graham Norton joked: “Don’t make it sound dubious!” He added that Lavender Gardens was “quite a posh bit of Clapham”, while comedian Ed Byrne who also appeared on the show posed that it was “almost Battersea”. Fergie insisted that it was not that posh, adding: “Excuse me, I’m very proud of Clapham.”   Ed quipped: “Why? Did you build it? ‘I’ll put a common here’,” and Fergie joked: “That was on my wedding list.”  Graham asked whether, when Andrew came round to her flat, there would be a secret service car outside with the engine running. Fergie admitted that there would be a couple of policemen there. She said: “In fact, I probably had to get on better with the policemen than Prince Andrew, just to make sure that in the car journey back they said, ‘Oh, she’s nice.’” READ MORE: Kitty Spencer 'bans' scales at home - despite remarkable weight loss  Graham said it must have “cramped your evening a bit” having the bodyguards there too.  Sarah's old flat in Battersea, where she reputedly entertained Princess Diana, went on sale for £1million in 2013. The Duchess reportedly partied away in the two-bedroom flat around the corner from Clapham Junction and the Battersea Arts Centre when she was living the single life before she met, and eventually married, Prince Andrew. The flat, in Lavender Gardens, Battersea, is described by its estate agent Hamptons International as “perfect for entertaining”, with its high ceilings, original ornate cornicing and period fireplace with an adjacent dining room.  In fact, the Duchess was renowned for holding society soirees there and Lavender Gardens even got a mention in Andrew Morton’s "Diana: Her True Story in Her Own Words". He wrote: “At one of Sarah’s cocktail parties at her home in Lavender Gardens, Diana met Paddy McNally, a motor racing entrepreneur who enjoyed an uneven and untimely romance with Fergie.” The research team at Hamptons International used Nationwide figures to calculate that Sarah's flat would have been worth £185,000 in 1985 – meaning the value of the property has shot up by 533.5 percent since she moved in. The flat covers the entire ground floor of a double-fronted Victorian building and, unusually for a property of its size, it comes with a wide, 37-foot garden. 