Tottenham forward Son Heung-min has insisted that he couldn't care less about Arsenal being top of the Premier League ahead of the second north London derby of the campaign, which is set to take place this weekend. The Gunners will go into the match as the slight favourites despite being the away team given their form as of late, with Mikel Arteta's side five points ahead of second-placed Manchester City at the summit. Tottenham, meanwhile, currently sit fifth and will be hoping to take a major step towards Champions League qualification at the end of the season by defeating Arsenal when the two clubs do battle on Sunday. It seems as though Tottenham's players are not overly concerned with the enviable league position of their greatest rivals ahead of this weekend's fixture, with Son admitting to The Telegraph: "I’m not interested, to be honest."The 30-year-old went on to insist that Tottenham will be desperate to put things right against Arsenal after falling to a one-sided defeat at the Emirates Stadium earlier in the campaign. He added: "We lost against them in the away game, so we have a lot of homework to make it good again."I think the fans were really disappointed when we lost at the Emirates, so I think we have a massive task at home. Everybody must be ready to throw their bodies in and we’re good to go." JUST IN: Man Utd receive apology from Premier League after more fixture changes Son will be tasked with leading Tottenham's attacking charge alongside the likes of Harry Kane against Arsenal, who will be equally keen to claim all three points as well as the local bragging rights on Sunday afternoon. The South Korean forward scored his first Premier League goal since October against Crystal Palace last week, which he has credited with giving him the confidence to work towards recapturing his best form after a turbulent campaign to date."Scoring goals is everything for a striker and this goal was important for my confidence, because it doesn’t matter how much you work hard if the ball doesn’t go in the net," said Son. "You get down because you have to be scoring goals or making assists for the team. The goal came at a very important time as well for me to get back on track." It remains to be seen whether Tottenham will be able to beat Arsenal on Sunday, with the Gunners searching for a return to winning ways after being held to a goalless draw by Newcastle in their last Premier League outing. They will remain without Gabriel Jesus at the top of the pitch following the 25-year-old's injury while playing for Brazil at the World Cup, which means that Eddie Nketiah is likely to start in attack at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.The hosts, meanwhile, could see as many as three first-team stars return to the fold over the course of this week to boost their preparations for the final north London derby of the Premier League campaign. Rodrigo Bentancur, Yves Bissouma and Dejan Kulusevski could all feature for Tottenham against Arsenal, according to football.london, which would give them a welcome boost in terms of both numbers and match-winning quality ahead of kick-off. Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.