Manchester United supporters were told that they had the ‘Scouse Lionel Messi’ on their hands earlier this week in the shape of Shea Lacey. The midfielder has looked like an exciting prospect in footage shared on social media, and he will be keen to learn from the mistakes of his older brother, Paddy Lacey, if he is to make it professionally. Footage of United’s academy star Shea was shared on Twitter last week, with the playmaker running rings around opponents his own age. The 15-year-old weaved past several defenders before lifting a delicate chip over the goalkeeper in a sensational solo goal. The midfielder didn’t even crack a smile after the goal, prompting his brother Paddy to tweet: “Shea's celebration is no celebration. Just another day in the life of the scouse [Lionel] Messi." Paddy will certainly have some words of advice for his younger sibling about the life of a professional footballer, having come through Sheffield Wednesday’s academy before spending time at Accrington Stanley, amongst others. However, his career was cut short after he was banned for 14 months by the Football Association. He was found guilty of breaching anti-doping rules, testing positive for Benzoylecgonine, a metabolite of cocaine, following a match against Hartlepool. The ban in 2017 saw Lacey’s career go up in flames, with Accrington promptly terminating his contract. The former Barrow star was then arrested after being found in possession of drugs and counterfeit money, which he pleaded guilty to and was sentenced to a 16-month prison sentence. After his release, the midfielder spent time with Southport and Chester. Lacey is still involved in the sporting world, taking his boxing career more seriously over the past few years. Speaking to BBC Sport in 2021, the 29-year-old spoke of how he is focusing on redeeming himself, as well as revealing that he would like to help young players to stay on the straight and narrow. He explained: “I was banned from football for 14 months. I needed some sort of aim so I went with the boxing. And the ending was the start. I'd been coming through non-league, not taking my football as seriously as I should and mixing in circles I shouldn't have. "I didn't safeguard myself. I'd love to go and speak to kids now in a similar position. You've got to refocus. You can't let people mislead you. It's all about growing as a person.” Paddy will be hoping that the mistakes he made will act as a lesson to younger brother Shea on how not to conduct yourself when you have the potential to make it.