Newcastle are hopeful they will be able to sign Sunderland’s 15-year-old wonderkid Chris Rigg as part of a change of the club’s transfer policy and hinder their local rivals in the meantime. The England under-16 captain has been compared to Liverpool midfielder Jordan Henderson in the past and could potentially leave the Stadium of Light in the summer. The i have claimed that Newcastle are targeting Rigg and they are hoping to convince him to join the Magpies’ youth setup, though a compensation fee will have to be paid to the Championship side. The teenager made history at the start of this month, as he came off the bench at Shrewsbury to become the youngest outfield player in the club’s history at just 15. Sunderland will hope that handing Rigg his senior debut at such a young age will entice him to stay at the club, though they will have to fend off interest from Newcastle in addition to Manchester United and Everton. Club insiders have compared him to Liverpool skipper Henderson, while Rigg has also been called up to the England U17 squad in November. He could become the second signing as part of a change in strategy from Newcastle, who are looking to target the best young players in the world and have already signed Australian World Cup ace Garang Kuol, while the 18-year-old forward has recently joined Hearts on loan until the end of the season. Newcastle boss Eddie Howe has explained the recent shift in transfer strategy at the club, having brought Kieran Trippier, Chris Wood, Bruno Guimaraes and Dan Burn to the club a year ago but as the Toon look to make the top four, no signing has been made this month and Wood is set to leave St James’ Park to Nottingham Forest. "There was a want from the club to sign young and develop young players within our academy as part of a real shift in focus to youth," Howe said last week. "I think there will be more deals done where players come in and go into the academy and develop behind the scenes.  "I think, for me, I only have so much time to look at targets and focus on what we need now. It's separate from my remit and it's more of a club thing that goes on behind the scenes. "Scouts and Dan Ashworth will lead that. But I certainly back that idea. It's important we do try and sign some of the best young talent in the world, while also developing our players here at Newcastle.” Few players make their senior debuts at 15, and Rigg would certainly be one of the players that fall into Howe’s new transfer policy of targeting the best academy prospects in the world.