Currently, PIP claimants can get up to £627.60 for the month, which is set to increase from April. However many people do not know that there are different freebies and discounts alongside the benefit to help support low income families even further. Some three million people who currently receive PIP are set to receive a cash boost this year. According to the DWP, PIP takes into account two assessments of a potential recipient’s needs: daily living and mobility. This means assessors will take into account help a recipient needs with activities such as eating, drinking or preparing food as well as how a person physically moves around or leaves the home. Once the rate increases, anyone awarded both of the higher payments would get £172.75 a week, equivalent to £691 a month or £8,983 a year. READ MORE: Lloyds Bank issues urgent warning as customers lose £642 in growing scam There are freebies and discounts which could be available with the support too. However, it should be noted that each situation is different so the help available could vary. This includes: Council tax discounts - People might also be able to get a council tax discount if they claim the living or mobility part of PIP. They should contact their local authority to find out what discount they’re entitled to. Blue badge - PIP award letter can be used to apply for a blue badge, although some councils can charge for this. READ MORE: Dragons' Den's 'most successful product' sells globally - cast labelled it 'ridiculous' Benefit boost - People might be eligible for top-ups or what's called a disability premium. Claimants will need to get PIP as well as another benefit to be eligible. More information can be found on the Government website. Vehicle tax reduction - If someone is receiving the standard rate mobility component of PIP, they can get a 50 percent reduction in vehicle tax. Cost of living payments - Over six million people with disabilities will receive a £150 payment this summer. More information on who is eligible will be made available in upcoming months. Free prescriptions - If someone has a disability that entitles them to PIP, they may be able to get free NHS prescriptions too. However, they might not be guaranteed the freebie as it is certain illnesses such as caner or epilepsy. To get the free prescription people will have to apply for a medical exemption certificate. More information can be found on the NHS website. Disabled Facilities Grant - People can apply for a Disabled Facilities Grant if they’re disabled and need to make changes to their home to suit their needs. In England, people can get up to £30,000 of support. Disabled person's railcard - This could give someone up to a third off rail fares - roughly £4.26 per journey or £91 per year depending on how often they get the train. Capped water bills - Some water suppliers offer customers help with their bills if they're on certain benefits through what's known as the WaterSure scheme. This sometimes includes those on disability living allowance or PIP. Lease a vehicle with PIP cash - If someone is awarded the enhanced rate of the mobility component of PIP and have 12 months or more remaining on their current allowance, they may be eligible to join the Motability Scheme. It's simple and affordable – people will have over 2,000 cars to choose from and insurance, tax and servicing are all included.