Stephanie Seymour, 54, was left devastated when her son Harry Brant died in 2021 aged 24 after taking an accidental overdose. The popular supermodel has now posed in his clothes in her first photoshoot since his tragic death and has opened up about the impact this has had on her life, two years on. Stephanie has returned to work for the first time since the death of her son, with a tell-all interview with the Wall Street Journal. The famous supermodel posed in a special suit that Harry had picked out as a child, naming it his "favourite". Stephanie posed for one picture with her back to the camera and the jacket of the two-piece suit in her hands as she went topless. This exposed the "Harry" temporary inking she had placed on her back for the photoshoot to remember her late son. READ MORE: Piers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms From a young age, Stephanie said Harry had a knack for fashion, and would love to help pick out her outfits when he was a kid. Speaking about her reasoning for picking the suit, she told WSJ: "It’s a suit that I keep hanging in my dressing room, which is this big room where I keep all my stuff. I do my makeup there. I live in that room. "I looked at that suit one night and I said, ‘I’m going to put it on.’ It fit me. "It still feels so good to put his clothes on. I packed up these huge trunks with all his things, and I have this idea that I want to keep photographing his clothes because I think he would love it." Stephanie married her husband, billionaire art collector Peter Brant, in 1995, and they went on to have three kids together - sons Peter Jr, born in 1993, and Harry, born in 1996, and daughter Lily, born in 2004. In addition, he had five children from a past relationship and she had one, a son named Dylan, from her first marriage to guitarist Tommy Andrews. Her eldest son, Dylan, welcomed his own son in October, whom they named Harry, after Dylan's late brother. In addition, some of Peter's children have become parents. In the interview, Stephanie was asked if the new additions to her family have helped her healing process. DON'T MISS... James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [OPINION] Kim Kardashian's 'insulting' chav makeup slammed by Ulrika Jonsson [COMMENT] Sofia Vergara risks wardrobe malfunction in tiny black dress [PICS] She admitted: "I try to just be present. For me with holidays, and I’m sure a lot of other people can relate, it’s difficult now because I’m always thinking of what’s missing "But I’m really lucky. [We] have a lot of grandchildren. And there’s nothing that’s helped me get through all of this more than my grandchildren. "And a lot of people say, 'Well, they’re not your grandchildren. They’re Peter’s grandchildren. "But they don’t feel that way, and neither do I. Nothing has given me more comfort than those kids calling me Grandma Stephanie." Stephanie and Peter confirmed their son Harry's death in January 2021. He reportedly suffered an accidental prescription drug overdose, just days before he was set to re-enter rehab. The joint statement released at the time read: "We will forever be saddened that his life was cut short by this devastating disease. "Harry achieved a lot in his 24 years, but we will never get the chance to see how much more he could have done. "Harry was a creative, loving, and powerful soul that brought light into so many people's hearts. He was truly a beautiful person inside and out." They concluded the statement by adding that Harry was a "trailblazer of beauty and cosmetic products for men, collaborating with a major brand on a unisex cosmetic line". You can read the full article with Stephanie Seymour in WSJ. Magazine’s Spring 2023 Women’s Fashion issue, available Saturday, February 11th.