On Tuesday’s instalment of Good Morning Britain, hosts Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley were covering the recent revelations from Prince Harry’s anticipated autobiography. With many guests giving their thoughts on what the Duke of Sussex has said about his family, American star Judge Judy slammed the 38-year-old in a furious rant. In the lead-up to his book release this week, Prince Harry conducted a series of tell-all interviews giving people an early insight as to what to expect. Touching on the broken relationship he has between his father and brother, opening up on how his mother’s death affected him and criticising the British press, Harry didn’t hold back. However, he’s come under fire for publicly speaking about the Royal Family, especially by TV star Judge Judy who shared her thoughts on Good Morning Britain. On Tuesday’s instalment of the ITV show, Noel Phillips, the show's North America Correspondent spoke to the star to get her opinion on the recent bombshells. READ MORE:GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill' Although she admitted she wouldn’t speak about Harry or his wife Meghan Markle specifically, she did admit how she’d feel if her grandchild was publicly speaking about her private life. She slammed: “I will tell you that I would be furious, and I would think that child or that grandchild was a selfish, spoiled, ungrateful one. "That’s what I would feel. I'd be really hurt, I think anybody with a brain would see that it's disingenuous, it's biting the hand that fed you, it's unseemly." Despite Judy stating she wouldn’t be speaking about the royal couple, hosts Susanna and Richard said it was clear she was referring to Prince Harry in her rant.  After hearing the clip, Richard commented: "Judge Judy doesn’t hold back on her verdict does she... blimey!" Susanna added: "She said she wouldn’t specifically talk about what she thought about… blimey. I think we were left in no doubt. “Selfish, spoiled, ungrateful and unseemly... but she doesn't want to comment." However, royal correspondent Jennie Bond praised the Duke of Sussex for how he came across in his ITV interview when speaking about it to ITV’s Lorraine. DON'T MISS... Death in Paradise’s Ralf Little brands Marlon Pryce star ‘annoying' [INSIGHT] GMB viewers slam ‘dreadful’ interview with Prince Harry's past fling [REACTION] Prince Harry called ‘naive’ for Palace briefing claims by royal expert [ROYAL]    After watching the 90-minute special, Jennie highlighted Harry still came across as likeable despite the wave of backlash he’s faced. She said: “I have huge sympathy, obviously as everyone did for what he went through, but there were still glimmers of the old Harry here and there. “But then he suffers, from what I honestly think is near delusion in his damaged state against the press. “Everything is the fault of the press and he’s so vitriolic about it he just cannot seem to move on from that.”   In his sit-down chat with Tom Bradby, the 38-year-old spoke about his 2021 interview with Oprah Winfrey and his wife Meghan Markle. At the time, the couple revealed there had been discussions and concerns from a member of the Royal Family, who they didn’t name, about their son Archie’s skin colour. However, in the recent interview, Harry heavily denied calling his family racist as he claimed that had been down to the British press and told Tom there was a clear difference between racism and unconscious bias. He said: “But once it's been acknowledged, or pointed out to you as an individual, or as an institution, that you have unconscious bias, you, therefore, have an opportunity to learn and grow from that in order so that you are part of the solution rather than part of the problem. "Otherwise unconscious bias then moves into the category of racism." Good Morning Britain continues weekdays on ITV from 6am. 