Ronnie O’Sullivan has broken his silence on the ongoing match-fixing investigation after winning through to the quarter finals of the Masters. The seven-time champion was in prolific form against the Belgian player, overcoming a shocking early miss to race into a 3-0 lead, and despite his opponent pulling one back, a break of 134 in the next frame set up an eventual 6-1 win. But the tournament has been tainted by the absence of Chinese players Zhao Xintong and Yan Bingtao, who are among 10 players involved from their country suspended amid World Snooker's match-fixing investigation, following allegations of 'manipulating the outcome of matches for betting purposes'. O’Sullivan, 47, had initially stayed silent on the scandal, in contrast to the likes of Shaun Murphy who has called for anyone found guilty to be removed from the sport. And after his win at the Alexandra Palace, he urged caution about jumping to conclusions  - and insisted the sport can survive even if the worst happens with multiple convictions and bans handed out. “I don’t know what’s going on if I’m honest," he said. "I can’t really say because I don’t know. But before you start criticising the guys involved you have to put yourself in other people’s shoes." JUST IN: Snooker chief puts timeframe on match-fixing probe as controversy overshadows Masters And the game's biggest star then sent a message to snooker chiefs. “It can only be one of two things, they either have an addiction and if that’s a case then they need help, or they are struggling to make ends meet," he added. “Maybe they are forced into desperation and that’s not a good situation either. “World Snooker could help support them rather than being hard on them and maybe change their structure and not put these players in that situation. I’m sure it’s happened in football and it hasn’t harmed football. I’m sure it’s happened in tennis and it hasn’t done tennis any harm. I think it will get sorted and get done.” DON'T MISS:Ex-UK champion Zhao Xintong tenth player banned as snooker's match-fixing probe worsensSnooker plunged into more chaos as eighth player is suspended amid match-fixing probeSnooker left reeling on another dark day as Yan Bingtao becomes seventh player suspended Snooker’s governing bodies have since responded to the seven-time world champion. And they've argued that a structure is already in place to help professional players. In a released statement, they said: “WST and WPBSA provide support both in guaranteed income and the opportunity to earn significant sums of prize money, available on the World Snooker Tour. Our structure includes a Players’ Board, and providing welfare and support to our players is extremely important to us.”