A UK clash between YouTube stars KSI and Jake Paul in 2023 appears to be drawing nearer with teams of the two stars negotiating a contract. Both influencers have divided opinion with their respective forays into professional boxing, but have also undoubtedly made an impact in terms of publicity and performance. KSI has created his own promotion Misfits Boxing, and after beating Logan Paul in his solitary professional bout in November 2019, last year returned to beat two fighters on the same night during the company's first event. Paul meanwhile, beat former UFC man Anderson Silva in October to take his own pro-record to 6-0. And a bout between the pair has long been touted, ever since they stared each other down after the American's debut win over another internet star, AnEsonGib, three years ago. On Monday, the pair became embroiled in a war of words on a heated social media call, with both insisting they wanted to face the other later this year. 'The Problem Child' then followed up the exchange with a tweet, posting: "I sent KSI and his team a contract over a month ago. I offered to come to the UK, 185 pounds and 10 rounds. I have been at 8 rounds since (Ben) Askren. He and his team have yet to respond."  JUST IN: Oleksandr Usyk starts mind games with Tyson Fury as eyebrow-raising picture emerges But the claim drew a stern response from @MamsTaylor, a representative of Misfits Boxing, who outlined talks with KSI's business partner, Nakisa Bidarian: "Nakisa and I spoke and respectfully, discussed a few deal points. I told him that we will redline the contract and focus on it after our event. Negotiations have begun. The fight will happen in December if you want it. If you want we can make the whole thing public. Nothing to hide." talkSPORT boxing editor Michael Benson soon cleared up any confusion for fans, writing: "KSI vs Jake Paul negotiations have already begun for December. Jake has sent KSI a contract for a ten-round fight at 185lbs in UK. KSI's manager Mams Taylor said he spoke to Jake's business partner Nakisa Bidarian and will address contract after KSI vs Faze Temperrr on Saturday." DON'T MISS:Anthony Joshua 'selects new trainer' as next fight opponent mooted in exciting new chapterTyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk set to give big pay day to Daniel Dubois after major U-turnTyson Fury's unification bout with Oleksandr Usyk edges closer as contracts exchanged  Intially, KSI was due to face Dillon Danis this Saturday at Wembley Arena in London. However, his opponent withdrew last week, citing a lack of preparation. FaZe Clan founder FaZe Temperrr, from Brazil, duly agreed to replace Danis at just a weeks notice. Porn star Elle Brooke will be one star on the undercard, taking on Faith Ordway.