Foreign Secretary James Cleverly has branded Iran an accomplice with Russia during a joint press conference with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Washington. Mr Cleverly is visiting the US after Britain became the first country to agree to Ukraine’s request for Western heavy tanks.  At the press conference, Mr Clevely spoke out about the recent execution of British-Iranian citizen Alireza Akbari, which Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has described as a "callous and cowardly act, carried out by a barbaric regime". Mr Cleverly told the press conference: "The UK has sanctioned those involved with the execution of Mr Akbari and those involved in the oppression of their own people, including the Iranian Prosecutor General. "For years, Iran's leaders have inflicted bloodshed on their regional neighbours by arming and supporting military extremists and militias. "Now Iran has gone further and supplied Russia with the drones that we use to kill civilians in Ukraine. “The UK will join with the US and other allies to hold the Iranian regime to account for the violations of the rights of their own people and by making themselves accomplices to Putin’s assault on Ukraine.”  Mr Cleverly said the US and UK have worked "hand in glove" - along with other allies - to support Ukraine since the start of the conflict. He said: "Never in living memory has Russia been more isolated and the Atlantic alliance more united. "If Putin believed that the world would succumb to Ukraine fatigue and lose the will to resist his ambitions then that was once again another colossal misjudgment on his part." The Foreign Secretary then stated he has “discussed the situation in Iran” with the US Secretary of State and said he was “grateful” to America for publicly condemning the death of civilian Mr Akbari. READ MORE: Ukraine war 'will go on for some time' amid 'ferocious' fighting  Mr Cleverly also spoke about the threat to “international peace and security” due to Iran’s nuclear programme. He warned that Iran’s weaponry “has never been more advanced.” The Foreign Secretary stated that “the US and the UK are determined that Iran must never acquire a nuclear weapon.” DON'T MISS:Putin could order troops to make 'final push' in Ukraine war move [REVEAL]Russia scrambles to protect key city after it is pounded by explosions [REPORT]Iran branded 'accomplice' to Putin as UK and US vow to help Ukraine [INSIGHT]  Mr Clevely also praised the US and their “commitment to protecting freedom”. He stressed the “unity” between the US and UK as allies as they support Ukraine, and how both he and Secretary Blinken were also “hugely encouraged” by the unity between the US, Europe and other allies. He said: Almost a year after Russia’s attack against Ukraine, which broke the fundamental principles of international law – and we see them committing acts of barbarism wherever they advance – what we see is dozens of countries supplying Ukraine with weapons and enforcing sanctions against Russia. “I pay particular tribute to the United States of America, the largest military and economic donor to our friends in Ukraine, reinforcing this country’s longstanding to – longstanding commitment to protecting freedom and opposing tyranny wherever it rears its ugly head.” 