ITV’s scintillating three-part drama Stonehouse has enthralled audiences this week with Matthew Macfadyen taking on the role of disgraced Labour MP John Stonehouse and his spectacular fall from grace. The series wrapped up last night (January 4) but this isn’t the end of the story with ITV1 airing companion documentary The Real Stonehouse tonight (January 5) at 9pm on ITV1. Here’s a look at his family and what happened to his four children following his scuppered plans to fake his death and start a new life in Australia. John had three children with his first wife Barbara Joan Stonehouse: Julia, Jane and son Mathew. He also had a son with his mistress and second wife Sheila Buckley, whom he wed in 1981 following his failed attempt to fake his own death in 1974. Sheila and John welcomed their son James William John in 1982 with the politician sadly dying of a heart attack in 1988. According to the Daily Mail, James visits his elderly mother Sheila who is living a quiet life away from the spotlight and working as a chartered accountant. READ MORE: Here's a look at the wife of disgraced MP John Stonehouse Most of John’s family is not in the spotlight, however, his daughter Julia has spoken and written prolifically about her father. Julia wrote the book John Stonehouse, My Father: The True Story Of The Runaway MP, which was published in 2021. The author has previously offered insight into how her sister felt about their father’s affair with Sheila after they found out the truth. Jane is said to have written in her diary how John had “flipped his lid” given his mistress Sheila was 28 while she was 25 and Julia was about to turn 24 at the time. Moreover, Julia recounted how the family was left in a state of disbelief and “bafflement” when John turned up alive. Julia wrote: “At 4am, Jane answered the phone. We saw the utter amazement on her face and heard her say: ‘Daddy, Daddy, is it really you?’” Julia also said how she wished her father had never been caught in Melbourne, Australia and believed had his plans worked out he might still be alive today. The writer has also vigorously defended him after he was suspected of being a spy. Julia wrote: “He might have lived to the age of 83, when he could have used newly released files from the Czech secret service to prove that he was, in fact, innocent of the allegations of treason that never quite went away.” She concluded: “My father taught me something invaluable: that the world can be changed if people talk enough and work enough together. “After all he suffered, he is at peace. I send him my undying love and respect.” Julia has also slammed the ITV drama, branding it “disgusting” and saying she and her mother - who now goes by Barbara Flexney-Briscoe - were “furious”. DON'T MISS...GB News uproar over claims Meghan and Harry ‘milking Diana’s legacy’ [VIEWER REACTION]Ruth Langsford shares Eamonn Holmes bedroom confession [UPDATE]Lorraine Kelly shut down by rail boss over strike 'celebrity' probe' [VIDEO] She went on to say the “entire family” found the series “emotionally damaging” and didn’t collaborate on it. Julia has stated not only has she, her mother Barbara and her siblings had previously been hurt by the spy claims, but Sheila and her son too were left upset. The ITV drama isn’t the only thing to have attracted criticism from the family, John’s great-nephew Julian Hayes wrote his own book Stonehouse: Cabinet Minister, Fraudster, Spy. Hayes is also one of the contributors featured in the ITV documentary The Real Stonehouse, alongside many others including Edwina Currie and Harold Wilson’s Private Secretary Robin Butler. Stonehouse is streaming ITVX now and The Real Stonehouse will be airing on ITV1 tonight at 9pm