Personal Independence Payment (PIP) is paid to people under state pension age who have a disability or health condition that affects their ability to carry out everyday tasks. Once PIP is granted it's important to update the DWP if certain circumstances change as this could affect someone's claim and result in benefits being sanctioned. PIP is increasing in April from a maximum of £627 to £691 a month in line with inflation to help people make ends meet. The exact amount someone receives depends on how their condition affects them rather than the condition itself but at least 21 health conditions should qualify for this disability benefit. Anyone with a health condition can apply for this benefit as it's not means-tested. It's not just physical conditions that are eligible for this financial support, more people are claiming PIP for psychiatric disorders like anxiety, stress, depression and learning disorders than ever before. READ MORE: Pensioners and disabled missing out on vital energy bill support However, it's important to let the Government know of changes to circumstances or they could have their benefits stopped and the money clawed back. People need to contact the DWP if: DON'T MISS:Martin Lewis fan saves £2,400 a year on energy bills - check now [ALERT]Turned £1,000 into £9’ - Savers lose billions as top Isa funds crash [WARNING]Mental health issues lose Britons £8,400 in earning [INSIGHT]  However, Britons don't need to contact the DWP if they:  Britons with 21 health conditions could be eligible for PIP worth more than £600 a month from DWP. People can use an online benefit calculator like the one on the Macmillan website to see if they are likely to be accepted. Energy bills can be up to £600 higher every month for people with disabilities because the cold weather can affect their condition. However, PIP claimants can get help with energy bills this winter - here is a full list of support available.  The 21 health conditions that qualify for PIP according to the DWP: 