Nish (played by Navin Chowdhry) and wife Suki Panesar (Balvinder Sopal) are successful in the business world though, and own a number of companies in Walford. This sees the EastEnders criminal making some brutal decisions in upcoming episodes though, and Bernie (Clair Norris) ends up losing her job at the Panesar's pest control business. Bernie and her family have struggled with finances in the past, and with things getting worse, this latest blow is bound to be worrying for her. In scenes yet to air, Nish decides to start cost-cutting and sacks Bernie. Felix Baker (Matthew James Morrison) tries to help his friend bag a job at The Albert, but Kim Fox (Tameka Empson) is more interested in hiring him. To appease Felix, Kim gives the pair a chance to compete for the bar job. READ MORE: BBC host issues apology to Naga Munchetty over awkward joke She gets them to take part in a cocktail competition during Jay Brown's (Jamie Borthwick) stag do. Later, Kim lies and tells Bernie she won't be starting a new job at The Albert because she has lined her up with a dream job. She later wangles a trial shift for Bernie at the café. Bernie is excited about starting work on Monday alongside Kathy Beale (Gillian Taylforth) and Rocky Cant (Brian Conley). Will Bernie be able to continue to support her family? She was strapped for cash in 2021 so agreed to be a surrogate for Rainie (Tanya Franks) and Stuart Highway's (Ricky Champ) baby. The ordeal was tough for Bernie, but she was desperate to help provide some money for her family. Could this latest blow lead to a similar decision? Although it seems Bernie will be looking forward to working at the café, it could be that she has to take a noticeable pay cut - and she may not even pass the trial shift. DON'T MISS... GMB row erupts as guests clash over use of term 'birds' [VIDEO]ITV viewers 'switch off' as they blast 'unprofessional' GMB presenting [REACTION]Karren Brady details 'demanding' part of being The Apprentice aide [EXCLUSIVE] Will Bernie begin to take risks to ensure her family can pay the bills? Perhaps Nish's decision to fire her could lead to things spiralling out of control for Bernie. A popular character on the soap, fans might become concerned if Bernie begins to look elsewhere to make money. She might even decide to steal from the café in a desperate attempt to help her mum Karen Taylor (Lorraine Stanley) provide for the family. If so, Kathy probably wouldn't be very forgiving, and Bernie could once again find herself jobless. She might end up following in best friend Dotty Branning's (Milly Zero) footsteps and leaving the Square. As she left Walford, Dotty said a heartfelt goodbye to Bernie and said she's "never coming back". Could Bernie end up tracking down Dotty and living with her to start a new life? EastEnders continues on Monday at 7.30pm on BBC One.