Generations of Britons have admired the courage of officers who pursue criminals and help victims in desperate times. But revelations about the presence of people in police ranks who commit the vilest crimes has created a crisis of trust. A top source with an intimate knowledge of the Home Office warns it is likely that more gross corruption will be exposed and things will “get a lot worse before they get better”. As they suggest, a Royal Commission may be required to force through sweeping reforms to ensure that predators cannot infiltrate the police. The core duty of a Government is to protect citizens. It is disastrous if officers charged with keeping our streets safe are feared by the public they are supposed to serve. Rishi Sunak already has a daunting set of challenges – but now he has another in his intray. To stop the rot in our police forces and restore vital bonds of trust. Britain can look forward to a spectacular long weekend of celebrations to mark the coronation of King Charles III. We will have the attention of the world on the morning of Saturday, May 6, when the ceremony takes place in Westminster Abbey. Around the land, street parties, “coronation big lunches” and activities in support of good causes will bring millions of us together. And we can expect to be dazzled by the evening of song and dance at Windsor Castle and the lighting up of iconic locations with lasers and illuminations. The challenge for organisers is to orchestrate an event that will match the grandeur and poignancy of the Queen’s silver, gold, diamond and platinum jubilees. The UK is famed for its pageantry and unmatched genius at putting on a show. The prospect ahead of a weekend of colour, sensation, beauty, music, camaraderie and ceremony will help us get through winter’s grey days. These are tough times for anyone running a business or simply trying to balance the family budget, but there is light on the horizon. There are good reasons to hope the economy is turning a corner and that better times are not far off. Kate Nicholls, chief executive of UK Hospitality, can see “the first glimmer of hope” and says the Government’s plan to rescue the economy is “starting to have an effect”. She acknowledges that many businesses will face dire challenges before the recovery arrives, but the two consecutive falls in inflation will give entrepreneurs and employers a welcome dose of courage and confidence. Britain will get through this storm and the post-Brexit opportunities for trade and prosperity are real and rich.