Prince Harry has given in-depth details of multiple spats between Kate Middleton and Meghan Markle in his memoir, including fighting over lip gloss and and an uncomfortable clash from their very first meeting. Spare, released in the UK on Tuesday, is packed with revelatory details about the Royal Family - and the Princess of Wales is no exception, with Harry even claiming Kate rudely dismissed Meghan’s home remedies. Prior to the Sussexes’ marriage, Prince William and Kate came round to the couple for dinner, the Duke wrote. However, William - or “Willy”, as Harry used to refer to him - was unwell, to which Meghan responded by “running upstairs” to get some “homeopathic cure-alls”, including oregano oil and turmeric. Harry claimed that this offer led to a tense moment at the dinner table, writing: “He seemed charmed, moved, though Kate announced to the table that he’d never take such unconventional remedies.” The Duke also claimed his sister-in-law was “on edge” after realising she was “now going to be compared to, and forced to compete with, Meghan”. This remark came regarding the Royal Foundation Forum in 2018, which would be the first, and only, royal engagement between the Dukes and Duchesses of Cambridge and Sussex - although at the time it was billed as an annual occasion. Harry explained that after the event, there was “controversy” over Meghan showing support for the #MeToo movement, while Kate did not. He detailed: “It wasn’t real. But I think it had Kate on edge.” The awkwardness over Meghan’s suggestion for a health cure was only one among many instances of uncomfortableness between the two Duchesses, according to the Sussexes’ recent media output. It even began from their very first meeting, with Meghan saying in the couple’s Netflix documentary that she was “barefoot” and wearing ripped jeans when she first met Kate, and made her uncomfortable by hugging her. She said: “Even when Will and Kate came over and I was meeting her for the first time I remember I was in ripped jeans, I was barefoot. Like I was a hugger, I have always been a hugger I didn't realise that is really jarring for a lot of Brits. READ MORE: King Charles is 'helpless with laughter' despite Harry's 'attacks' [REVEAL] “I started to understand that the formality on the outside carried through on the inside, that there is a forward facing way of being and then you close the door and think ‘OK we can relax now’. “But that formality carries over on both sides and that was surprising to me.” Harry also pointed to the awkwardness of this first interaction in his book, saying of the night there was only one “possibly discordant note” which was the “marked difference in how the two women dressed.” He said while Meghan was “barefoot” and wearing “ripped jeans”, Kate was “done up to the nines”. He explained both Kate and Meghan noticed their dissimilarities in their level of formality. DON'T MISS: William publicly responds to Harry claims for first time [REVEAL]Prince Harry slammed by Royal Marine hero he praised in Spare memoir [INSIGHT] Charlotte bridesmaid row erupts as Harry 'crossed line' sharing texts [ANALYSIS] Their conflict also reportedly bubbled to the surface on the subject of lip gloss. Harry wrote how Meghan asked to borrow a lip gloss ahead of their appearance at the first Royal Foundation forum summit in 2018 - a request which the Duke claims surprised Kate, but which she accepted. But when Meghan applied a little gloss to her finger and rubbed it across her lips, Kate made a “disgusted” face in response. At the time, Harry said “working as family does have its challenges”, but insisted “we're stuck together for the rest of our lives”. The Duke clarified they were “healthy disagreements” and joked they “come so thick and fast” when asked what the last thing they quarrelled on was. William quipped in response: “Is it resolved? We don't know!” 