Drivers of electric cars want more choices when installing a home charger for their vehicle, and are more likely to be influenced by factors other than price. Motorists could be more persuaded by reliability, technical features and aesthetics ahead of just having a value base model charger fitted to their house. Nearly 70 percent of drivers paid a premium for their chargers of up to £200, ignoring the base options in favour of more sophisticated models and features. Six in 10 motorists chose a tethered electric vehicle charger over a socket installation. More than one-third of customers found they were required to have solar compatibility with their charger. Mark Pymm, Founder of ChargedEV, said drivers are inundated and potentially overwhelmed with options when buying a new car like colour, alloys and tech features. READ MORE: Slow charging an electric car can be more expensive than petrol He has highlighted the data, saying drivers are now calling for EV companies to offer the same level of choice for their home chargers. He added: “With many leasing companies and vehicle OEMs partnering with a single Electric Vehicle Supply Equipment manufacturer, the result can be a staggering lack of choice for drivers, who often have complex needs in their charging equipment. “Our customer data shows that leasing companies and OEMs would benefit from offering a wider range of chargers to their customers.” ChargedEV is the UK’s leading independent EV charging specialist, with more than 35,000 charge points installed to date. DON'T MISSCar clocking 'isn’t disappearing any time soon' as drivers warned [WARNING]Drivers urged to use sandwich bag to clear windscreen frost in seconds [HELPFUL]Supermarket petrol and diesel price wars leaving drivers ‘livid’ [SHOCKING] The Electric Vehicle Homecharge Scheme (EVHS), which provides grant funding of up to £350 towards the cost of a home charge point ended on March 31, 2022. After this point, homeowners (including people with mortgages) who live in single-unit properties such as bungalows and detached, semi-detached or terraced housing were unable to access the scheme. Some experts questioned the decision, including Charlie Cook, founder of Rightcharge, who said they had seen a rise in the number of requests for charge point installs between December 2021 and January 2022. Speaking to Express.co.uk at the time, he said: “Electric car drivers are in a unique position as they’re able to reduce bills by switching to an EV-friendly home energy tariff, many of which offer reduced electricity rates overnight. READ MORE: Drivers urged to use clever method to defrost windscreen in seconds “By switching away from a variable tariff to an EV-friendly tariff, drivers can schedule for overnight charging and reduce their bills by an average of around £300 per year.” This comes as Mini announced it would help encourage emission-free motoring by offering customers a complimentary home charger as part of their new vehicle purchase. Available to all Mini Electric orders from January 1 to March 31, 2023, inclusive, the offer gives customers access to a complimentary Pod Point home charger and installation, for easier, more efficient charging at home. After home installation by an expert, the home charger offers three times more efficient charging than a standard main plug and boosts the battery from zero to 80 percent in just three hours. Customers will also have access to the handy Pod Point App, allowing them to view their charging activity, track costs, view charging history and schedule charging for off-peak hours, when tariffs are typically cheaper. The offer is valid for all Mini Electric orders placed by March 31, and includes vehicles bought via Personal Contract Purchase (PCP) and Personal Contract Hire (PCH).  For those customers who already have a home charger, a £750 deposit contribution is offered. Mini Electric customers already receive 12 months access to Mini Charging without subscription fee, enabling access to one of the world’s largest public charging networks using just one RFID card. Drivers can use chargers at over 11,000 points across the UK and 173,000 points across Europe from a variety of operators including bp pulse, IONITY and Instavolt.