Americans "respect" how Prince William has handled "grenades" thrown by Prince Harry and Meghan Markle over the last couple of months, according to a royal expert. A series of sensational claims emerged about the Prince of Wales following the Sussexes' Netflix series and Prince Harry's memoir Spare, however the heir to the throne appears to have taken them in his stride. Spare took particular aim at Prince William, 40, laying bare the rift between the future King and Harry. The Duke of Sussex, 38, even claimed his older brother "knocked" him to the floor during a confrontation. However, Prince William - and the rest of the Firm - have kept tight-lipped on the memoir while continuing to carry out royal duties as normal, something which has earned him "respect" across the Atlantic. "At the end of the day, I think Americans have a lot of respect for the way Prince William has handled the last few months," US-based royal expert Kinsey Schofield told Express.co.uk. She added: "He's lost his grandmother and grandfather. He's navigating grief while dodging grenades from Montecito [all while] seeing an increase in his responsibilities as the heir."  When Prince William became Prince of Wales and first in line to the throne, he gained new responsibilities. William now has to juggle with raising his own family-of-four with preparing to lead the royal institution. He and Kate, Princess of Wales have three children: Prince George, nine, Princess Charlotte, seven, and Prince Louis, four, who, along with his royal duties, appear to be the main focus in his life. ToDiForDaily founder Ms Schofield said: "Additionally, his focus has to be on HIS family. He has three beautiful children that he has committed to bringing up in a loving environment and nothing about what Harry is doing right now aligns with that objective." Meghan and Harry released their two-part Netflix docuseries in December. In the docuseries Prince Harry also claimed William "screamed" at him over the Sussexes' planned move to the US.  READ MORE: Harry mocked again by Jimmy Kimmel with 'Prince and Penis' book Things only heated up in Spare when Harry claimed William's opinion of Meghan soured which set the two on a collision course. Harry claimed William had urged him to "slow down" with Meghan at the start of their relationship and then later described her as difficult", "rude" and "abrasive". The book also detailed tension between Meghan and Kate. Prince Harry claimed the Princess of Wales made Meghan cry over a row about wedding dresses. However, in a series of interviews ahead of the release of Spare, the Duke claimed he wanted to reconcile with his father King Charles III and brother Prince William. At the moment this looks like a far away prospect to many royal watchers. Spare was released on January 10 and became the fastest selling non-fiction book ever. It sold 1.43 million copies in the UK, US and Canada alone on the first day of its release. 