Monday night saw a fresh batch of singletons enter the South African villa as the new series of the ITV dating show returned. With Maya Jama taking over as Love Island’s new host, viewers were left blown away by her appearance. Replacing Laura Whitmore as the new presenter of the show, former Radio 1 host Maya Jama made her debut on Monday night’s episode. Entering the villa to welcome the single boys who arrived before the girls, the 28-year-old stunned in a blue and green mermaid style dress. With the outfit ruffling at the bottom, the newest addition to the show had her hair in loose waves to one side and accompanied the fit with green strappy heels. Walking into the South African villa, it seemed as though some of the male contestants were left impressed with her appearance as one could be heard saying she looked unreal. READ MORE:Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums It looked as though viewers at home were equally in awe at Maya as many quickly took to Twitter to share their thoughts. Kaziamelx said: “Maya Jama looking sensational [sic]” Mufc_sx commented: “What a difference having Maya. She is unreal” Aeshahbee added: “Maya is just so gorgeous” [sic]  Umberellabella tweeted: “I wanna couple up with maya, shes so beautiful i cant even handle rn.” Twitter user Cee_Courtneyx said: “Maya Jama is something else, STUNNING.” With LeahPrice_x adding: “Maya Jama is another kind of unreal isn’t she [sic]” Ahead of joining the show, the presenter told The Times that in the past she was too young to host the show but got the call this year while in America. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street viewers spot blunder in Summer Spellman kidnapping [REACTION] Dancing On Ice’s Siva Kaneswaran 'still grieving' Tom Parker [DANCING ON ICE] Jane McDonald shares staple item she won't travel without [VIDEO] Revealing that she said yes to the role straight away, the 28-year-old described the job as a golden ticket as she admitted to being a Love Island fan from the first series. Although she did touch on what part of the show she was most nervous about ahead of her debut. She commented: “I am shy about that walk. It’s big, isn’t it, the slow-motion walk? “Me and my girlfriends, we were drunk, doing the walk, up and down the hall. Tried the sexy version. Tried the smiley version. Smiley version won.”  During the show, viewers watched as the singletons were put into their couples for the first time. One of which includes 23-year-old TikTok sensation Farmer Will, whose real name is Will Young. Regularly posting videos about his rural life online with his farm animals, the Buckinghamshire lad admitted to the other boys on the show that he was looking to settle down. Ahead of entering the villa, he said: “Having grown up on a farm, it’s been quite difficult juggling relationships and work. “Love Island will give me time away from the farm to solely go out and find love.” Love Island continues weekdays on ITV2 from 9pm. 