Eamonn Holmes and Isabel Webster invited Vanity Fair royal editor Katie Nicholl onto GB News’ Breakfast programme on Wednesday to discuss Princess Eugenie’s pregnancy announcement. The Northern Irish presenter pointed out Prince Andrew had yet to publicly address the good news while Sarah Ferguson responded to her daughter’s adorable post. “We’re so excited to share that there will be a new addition to our family this summer,” Eugenie shared on Instagram. The Duchess of York commented: “Granny heaven,” with a heart emoji. She later shared a picture of her grandson with the caption: “You’ll be sharing puddles, Augie! Superb news, Granny heaven…so deeply grateful.” Discussing the announcement, Eamonn said: “Now Sarah can comment, what about her dad Andrew? Read more: Eamonn Holmes fumes 'women want change if it doesn't go their way' “Does being ruled out of public life exclude him from commenting on this sort of thing? It seems cruel if it does.” “It doesn’t,” Katie replied. “But he has been airbrushed out of key family moments. “If you think back to her sister Beatrice’s wedding there was no official picture of Andrew. “The risk with bringing Andrew in any capacity is that then reignites everything else that comes with the Andrew story. “Of course it’s only days since we heard reports that he’s going to challenge that £3million settlement he paid to Virginia Giuffre.” Eamonn asked the royal editor’s opinion on Andrew’s reported move towards further legal action. “From a human side of thing of course if you’ve been accused of doing something you haven’t, you want to fight back I understand that,” Katie responded. “But for the image of the Royal Family, we’re on the eve of a coronation, to suddenly put this out into the public domain, my personal feeling is that it can only be really damaging.” DON'T MISSPrince Andrew is 'using 'Harry's attacks' to 'clear his name' [INTERVIEW]Harry 'insensitive to Eugenie' in memoir claims Lady Colin Campbell [VIDEO]Carol Voderman accused of 'being too independent' by ex partners [INSIGHT] Isabel added: “If you really want to prove your innocence, you take the witness box, don’t you? “There’s absolutely no way Buckingham Palace would want to see that because every time he speaks he makes it worse as we saw with Emily Maitlis.” Katie continued: “He said he would make himself avaliable to the FBI, he was willing to be questioned, he would lay everything out on the table but that never happened. “This just feels too late. He’s used part of his inheritance from the Queen to pay off this settlement, I think he just needs to slip into the background quietly. “Even if he was to go through all these steps, the idea that he’ll go back into royal life it’s not going to happen.” Eugenie’s second child will be Sarah and Andrew’s third grandchild. Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi are parents to Sienna Elizabeth. The princess is also a stepmother to Christopher Woolf, who Edoardo shares with his ex Dara Huang. 