Prince Harry will appear with Anderson Cooper for an interview on 60 Minutes two days ahead of his memoir release. It will be the royal's first US TV appearance discussing bombshells in his book, 'Spare'. In a trailer for the show, the January 8 CBS interview was described as "revealing and explosive". The highly anticipated memoir, billed as a book of "raw, unflinching honesty", will be published on January 10. Harry's book is called Spare, a reference to the phrase "the heir and the spare". He will cover his lifetime in the public eye, including his time in the military, marriage, and fatherhood. The Duke of Sussex said the memoir, to be published by Penguin Random House, will be written "not as the prince" he was, but as the man, he has "become". READ MORE: Prince Harry's relationship with press 'stopped overnight with Meghan'  Royal expert Nick Bullen has claimed the royal has "raised a number of eyebrows" by "digging up" the past for book content. Mr Bullen told Us Weekly's Royally Us: "I have heard Harry has been talking to friends from his childhood, from his school and right back through his life to pull together some of the darker moments in his life even before his mother died. "It's to really dredge up some of the old childhood memories. "Whether that's for the book or documentary, I don't know. "I think those closest to him in the UK are slightly concerned about how far he's going. "Now whether he puts all of that in the book of the doc, I don't know but he's certainly been doing a lot of childhood research." He added: "The questions he's been asking have been raising a number of eyebrows." DON'T MISS Prince Harry sparks 'worry' with book publishers [INSIGHT]William and Kate 'can't ignore' Harry's major 'punch to Royal Family' [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'raises a number of eyebrows' after 'digging up past' [VIDEO] It comes as Harry has been warned he could lose a huge payout if he "dampens down" attacks against his family in his memoir. The prince received £17.5million of the £35million book deal which includes four books, one to be published later this year. But the Duke "has thrown a spanner in the works" by trying to change some of the stories in the book. Royal expert Robert Jobson believes Harry has to "own every word" in the autobiography. Speaking to the Australian morning show Sunrise, Mr Jobson said: "I don't know if he can dampen it down because if does then the amount of money he's been paid the publishers might turn around and say, we don't want to pay you the rest."