Another "beast" storm heading for the UK could leave the country desperately cold this month as forecasters identify an area of low pressure moving in from the Atlantic. Met Office officials have warned that a "slow-moving creature" could prompt another round of gales and downpours on the west coast after a turbulent start to the week for many areas. A spokesman for the agency has said another system inbound from Scandinavia could see Britons battered on all sides. Aidan McGivern said the lower pressure could prompt "heavy downpours, thunder and hail" along the west coast. Speaking to the Daily Star, Mr McGivern said the Met Office has picked up "interesting stuff" looming over Scandinavia, with cold air coming from the northwest via Iceland. As that air moves over the warmer seas below, it will cause additional downpours. These will, again, rain down over the west and prompt temperatures to drop. READ MORE: -12C Polar blast to spark worst January deluge in a decade The prediction from the Met Office means that many people will see extended misery after a blustery start to 2023. Wind and rain have dominated since last weekend, leading the agency to issue a weather warning as it continued into the week. A yellow warning for rain activates from 9pm tonight and runs until the evening on January 12. Parts of the southwest will see several inches of rain, and officials have warned people to expect potential flooding. The agency said that "persistent rain" starting early on Wednesday warning would spread across England and Wales into the evening. Rain will fall "heavy at times", especially across Wales and the southwest, accumulating close to four inches on the surface. The Met Office said that between 15mm and 30mm (0.59 and 1.18 inches) would fall "widely". But totals could peak between 70mm and 90mm (2.75 to 3.54 inches) before the warning expires at 5pm on January 12. Wind gusts will strengthen as the rain intensifies, reaching speeds of up to 45mph inland. Those living on the coast and higher ground could see nearly gale-force winds reach 60mph. Among potential dangers posed by the coming onslaught are flooding, power cuts and travel delays or cancellations. The Environment Agency has responded in kind, with a slew of flood warnings issued for England. The Government organisation has issued 34 warnings for the country, indicating "flooding is expected" and that people should move to safety. These are primarily across the southwest and respond to groundwater flooding - when water from below the surface rises to ground level. The Environment Agency has also issued scattered flood alerts across the country. A total of 97 indicate flooding is "possible" and urge people to prepare for worse conditions.