Sarah Beeny, 51, took to Instagram on Wednesday to share a rare photograph of herself at a Cambridge hospital while she continues her work with Cancer Research UK to raise awareness about breast cancer. The presenter was diagnosed with the illness in July and looked visibly unwell in her latest photograph. She can be seen wearing a white Cancer Research lab coat and a purple hat as she stood next to the Director of Cambridge Breast Cancer Unit, Jean Abraham. Sarah penned in the caption: "In Cambridge today having fascinating conversations with the brilliant Professor Jean Abraham about the future of breast cancer treatment. "Thank you [Cancer Research UK] [Cambridge University Hospitals] xx #changingthestoryofcancer." READ MORE:Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss  The comments section was quickly flooded with dozens of messages from Sarah's friends and fans. Amanda said: "Two amazing women and fantastic people raising awareness and research what in the future hopefully will be something we will not be scared of." Jess echoed: "You are SO the person for this @sarah.beeny! Raising awareness is such a massive thing. You’ve got this!" While Anthony wrote: "Hope you get well soon Sarah xx." And Brad praised: "Sarah you are an inspiration to us all!" Sarah is also filming a documentary with Channel 4 about cancer research and her own experience as she undergoes treatment. In December, Sarah also shared photographs from a visit to the Institute of Cancer Research where she learned about genetics. She posed alongside NHS consultant, Professor Clare Turnbull, while they both wore ICR lab coats. DON'T MISSEscape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home[INSIGHT]Dame Laura Kenny announces baby news with beau Jason Kenny[LATEST]Prince Harry faces boycott as Peter Andre hits out at royal[NEWS] She said in the caption: "Absolutely fascinating to talk #genetics with the brilliant Professor Clare Turnbull this morning - thank you so much @icr_london loved wearing a lab coat!" Following her diagnosis in the summer, Sarah said that she had a "little bit of a breakdown" when she received the news. Nevertheless, she added to The Telegraph that she would draw on her “inner strength” throughout her treatment process and that she was "lucky" to have a family who all talk. Sarah appeared on TV for the first time since her diagnosis in November and said she spent decades worrying she would get the disease after her mother's death.  Sarah's mother Ann tragically died from cancer 40 years ago at the age of 39, when Sarah was just 10 years old. She said on Loose Women: "My mum died when I was 10 and I've just always assumed that I would get breast cancer. Anyone else who's lost a mum would feel this." Reflecting on finding a lump, Sarah said it was initially dismissed as nothing until she returned to the doctors to get it checked a few months later. Speaking on her "mission" going forward, the Property Ladder presenter continued: "I would like everyone to know that you should trust your own body. "If you do have a lump and they say it's all clear, if it doesn't feel right go back again for another opinion."