Cristiano Ronaldo is due to be unveiled as an Al-Nassr player after agreeing to an eye-watering offer from the Saudi Arabian club. The former Manchester United star was axed by the Red Devils in November and went on a crusade alongside agent Jorge Mendes to find a Champions League club, including attempting to return to Real Madrid, but no offer arrived. Ronaldo slammed reports of a move to Al-Nassr as “lies” during the World Cup and told Piers Morgan that a move to the Middle East was out of the equation as he wanted to remain at the elite level. But the veteran attacker has U-turned on that position and will spend the next two years in Saudi on a blockbuster £176million per-year contract. "I’m thrilled for new experience in a different league and a different country, the vision that Al Nassr has is very inspiring,” Ronaldo told his new club’s social channels. “I am very excited to join my teammates, to help the team to achieve more success." Express Sport provides all the details on how to watch Ronaldo’s unveiling. Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd £63m bid, Chelsea £112m deal close, Mudryk UK start time Ronaldo will be officially paraded in front of tens of thousands of Al-Nassr’s supporters on Tuesday, January 3 at around 4PM GMT. The 37-year-old will be unveiled at the club’s stadium, Mrsool Park, which is also known as King Saud University Stadium. The arena holds just 25,000 spectators, which would make it the fourth smallest if it were in the Premier League. Mrsool Park is situated in the Saudi capital of Riyadh, making it an excellent location for Ronaldo and his family. He will undergo a medical to ensure he is primed to take part in the Saudi Pro League. DON'T MISS...Erik ten Hag warns Glazers against 'burning money' on strikerCristiano Ronaldo was left disappointed by Madrid call that never cameRonaldo's Al-Nassr boss Garcia makes dangerous quip - 'I wanted Messi' How to watch SSC (Saudi Sports Company) will broadcast Ronaldo’s unveiling. They will stream the event on all their official channels, including on YouTube. On Monday, the network shared a video of Ronaldo on a plane on his way to Saudi. The Portugal striker tells fans: “Hi guys, see you soon!” But it has not been entirely plain-sailing for Ronaldo even since he signed a deal that could see him earn around £350m over the next two years and take him to the age of 40. Al-Nassr chief Rudi Garcia appeared to reveal that he would have preferred to sign Ronaldo’s arch-rival Lionel Messi in a cringe slip-up. Speaking about Ronaldo’s arrival, Garcia said: "First I wanted to bring Messi from Doha [after the World Cup].” Al-Nassr face Al-Ta’ee on Thursday but it is unclear if Ronaldo will make his debut. They then travel to Al-Shabab on January 14.