Maya Jama, 28, today penned an emotional tribute to her make-up artist of ten years, Letitia Sophia, as she reflected upon their “journey together”. The Love Island star took to Instagram to re-post a picture shared by Letitia, showcasing her make-up applying skills on the brunette beauty. Along with the snap, Maya gushed over the “best make-up artist about” in view of her 2.6 million followers. She wrote: “Best makeup artist about. Lil fact me an @lletitia have been together for like 10 years now. “She’s one of my best friends. Hit me up on dms and the rest is history. “When I couldn’t afford hair AND makeup she could get the straighteners and curlers out to double up as both. “We’ve been on a proper journey together,” (sic) Maya added along with an emotional emoji. Maya started her showbiz career in 2012 and went on to present her own show on BBC Radio 1 until 2020. The TV presenter took over as Love Island host this year from Laura Whitmore, who announced she was stepping down from the role back in August. Maya will also host the usual summer edition in Majorca later in the year. In a first-look teaser released last month, she appeared with brunette wavy locks and wearing a glittery jumpsuit, seemingly adorned with a sketch of Cupid’s arrow. Also featured was a pink velvet, bejewelled bucking bronco, with the new host ready to encourage those hoping to find their perfect match to “grab love by the horns”. Speaking out on her new role earlier this month, Maya vowed to be "as involved as I can" in delivering viewers all the inside details from the famous ITV dating show villa. She said: ”My role is to deliver information and facts but, because I love it so much, I just want to be their best mate and be like, ‘Are you sure you really like that guy?’ DON'T MISS...Lord Alan Sugar blasts 'exploitative' employees working from home [LATEST]Zoe Ball inundated with support as she issues health update [RADIO]James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [ROYAL] “I’ll be as involved as I can,” Maya concluded in an interview with Vogue. Her comments came before viewers took to social media to discuss the amount of airtime the new presenter was getting already. According to some fans on Twitter, the radio presenter had been on screen more often than her predecessor in just a few episodes. Keke2089421015 said: “Maya back already ?? Laura would of been on a plane home by now.” (sic) MissLSW added: “Maya's already had more screen time in 1 episode than Laura did in 1 season.” Aaron_Bumby tweeted: “I swear Maya Jama has already spent more time in the Villa than Laura Whitmore did for the whole of last season #loveisland.” AaliyahCHarry typed: “Maya is doing her JOB. Two appearances in the first episode? “She said you WILL see these looks. #LoveIsland.”