Manchester United have received inadvertent help from Liverpool, Arsenal and Manchester City when it comes to signing Harry Kane, according to reports. The Tottenham striker is on Erik ten Hag’s radar as the Red Devils look to bring the glory days back to Old Trafford at the end of the season. However, he’s not the only player on their shortlist at the current moment in time. Manchester United previously raided Tottenham for Dimitar Berbatov back in the summer transfer window of 2008, when Sir Alex Ferguson ruled the roost. And a huge 15 years later, the Red Devils are now eyeing a repeat. United are exploring ways to bring Kane to the club this summer, with the fallen giants determined to land a proven goalscorer in the wake of Cristiano Ronaldo’s departure. According to the Manchester Evening News, they’ve received inadvertent help from Liverpool, Arsenal and Manchester City when it comes to striking a deal. It’s claimed that, with the three teams all landing new strikers in recent times, United have become the ‘most appealing Premier League team for Kane to join’. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Liverpool bolstered their frontline by landing Darwin Nunez last summer, and it’s hard to see the Uruguay international being compatible with Kane in Jurgen Klopp’s system. Arsenal, who Tottenham would never likely sell to due to their fierce rivalry, strengthened by recruiting Gabriel Jesus. And with City, who wanted Kane back in 2021, landing Erling Haaland they’re not prioritising a striker at the current moment in time either. The report adds that Kane would be unlikely to entertain a move to Chelsea given the fierce rivalry between the Blues and Tottenham. And that all bodes well for United as they look to land Kane, though Spurs will want big money to let their talisman go. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contract Man Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023 Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Kane isn’t the only player on the Red Devils’ radar, either, with Victor Osimhen, Goncalo Ramos and Mohammed Kudus also under consideration. Osimhen has been in outstanding form for Napoli this season, propelling the club to the top of the Serie A table. Ramos bagged a hat-trick at the World Cup in Qatar last month and Benfica are likely to cash in on the attacker come the end of the season. And Ten Hag knows Kudus from their time at Ajax together, though the Ghana international is more of a midfielder than a striker. Whether United are able to acquire Kane remains to be seen. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here But they’re certainly not ruling out of a move for the 29-year-old, who will have just a year left on his Tottenham contract. Speaking earlier this month, meanwhile, Arsenal icon Paul Merson said United should break the bank to land Kane. “In an age where clubs spend money for fun and world-class centre-forwards are a rarity, I would find it crazy if Manchester United did not break the bank for Harry Kane,” Merson wrote in his column for the Daily Star. “You can look all around the world, rack your brains and round up every scout within your network and the answer is right there in front of you. “There is nobody that comes close to Kane that is currently available. “If United ever want to catch Manchester City, they’ve got to go and get Kane. Everybody wants a striker and is searching far and wide but the best centre-forward is staring everybody in the face. “He plays for a team in Tottenham that are going to win absolutely nothing. Surely, sooner or later his head is going to be turned by a move again. “I don’t know what I’m missing here. Even if he costs £150m and it’s a four or five-year contract, you are buying over 100 goals. “Who else is going to give you that?”