The content creator behind the online face yoga programme All You Can Face posted a video demonstrating a quick exercise to reduce the appearance of nasolabial folds. The British expert, who has 838.5k followers on her Tiktok account @allyoucanface told her fans: "Here is how to relax nasolabial folds and reduce wrinkles." She used her fingertips to massage the spots on either side of her nose in small circles. After that she transferred to her knuckles, also massaging in small circles. She then drags her knuckles across her face, under her cheekbones bones, finishing on the temples and massaging smaller circles. She said: "Find these two points at the corners of your nose. Massage with medium to stronger pressure for two minutes. Then glide towards your ears." READ MORE: You can look '10 years younger' if you stop doing three things with your hair She added: "You want to constantly move the lymph fluid towards your ears. But at the beginning, you will feel a very relaxed sensation which you should enjoy." One fan asked the content creator: "How does it help...?" She responded: "It relaxes the muscles, which usually are tense and causes those wrinkles ." One fan wrote: "Thanks for sharing I will try hope this works I need it." DON'T MISS'Best way to colour grey hair' explained by stylist [BEAUTY] Anti-ageing banana peel hack 'naturally reduces wrinkles [TIKTOK] ‘I’m a mum in my 60s and I refuse to cover up - sorry to disappoint' [REAL LIFE] Nasolabial folds are completely normal and everyone has them, besides newborns. They are lines with travel from the outside of the mouth to beside the ears. Nasolabial folds are not caused by ageing, but they do become more prominent with age. This is completely natural and normal. Sun exposure and smoking will likely cause them to look more pronounced, as will fluctuations in weight. Should someone feel they take action to reduce their appearance then there are some treatments. The easiest, cheapest, and least invasive is massage. Some experts suggest massage can strengthen muscles and help the lines appear less obvious. There is no clinical evidence, but anecdotal evidence does support this. If massage is not enough, dermal fillers are a popular treatment. The filler is placed under the skin to lift the area and make the folds feel less noticeable. Skin resurfacing treatments, such as laser resurfacing, can also reduce the appearance of nasolabial folds.