Olympic swimmer Adam Peaty, 28, whose achievements include winning the European Championship an impressive total of 16 times, has taken to Instagram to admit that, behind the scenes, not all is as it seems. The champ lamented that he had been "pushed" to his limits both mentally and physically after a year of struggles. The year 2022 was the year he broke up with the mother of his two-year-old son, while a fractured foot prevented him from competing in the World Aquatic Championships. He also admitted that he had "lost his spark" after being beaten in the 100m breaststroke category of the Commonwealth Games for the first time in eight years. That might just be scratching the surface of the 28-year-old's woes, as he admitted on Instagram that no year thus far had proved as tough as 2022. "I wasn’t going to say anything but 2022 was the toughest year of my life so far," he lamented to 610,000 followers. READ NOW: Coronation Street’s Saira Choudhry engaged to partner 23 years later  "Mentally and physically it has pushed me everyday and from injury to personal issues it has forced me to grow," he continued. That said, he admitted he had "so much to be thankful for", including "the great team around me [and] the amazing people such as my family and friends". He added that the baby boy he'd had with former flame Eirianedd Munro, whom he'd met as a fellow student while training at Loughborough University, was "happy and healthy", which was "all I can ask for". Dissolving any rumours of animosity between himself and Eirianedd, he added: "I couldn’t ask for a better mother for George." "Life is never going to be easy and it can get exhausting when you have to tell your demons to p*** off when they’re roaming around your head," he admitted. However, he concluded his emotional New Year's Day post on a note of hope, adding: "I welcome 2023 and it’s lessons." To accompany his caption, he shared a photo of himself grimacing but trying to manage a smile as he hobbled around a holiday resort on crutches. He also shared images of both himself and his ex cuddling and kissing their son, who has now turned two.  The star, who competed on Strictly Come Dancing last year alongside pro Katya Jones, had a supportive public response from his mother Caroline. "We cannot wait to have you home, she gushed, showering the message with kisses and urging: "It may have been tough but you are through it. "As long as you have family and friends by your side you can achieve anything, work through difficulties and enjoy your achievements " She added rapturously: "George is very lucky to have such a loving mummy and daddy!"