The Masked Singer UK has returned for its fourth outing with a new bunch of characters to analyse. The second episode of the ITV series introduced Pigeon, a giant bird dressed in granny clothing who instantly got fans' support with her enthusiastic performance. Viewers have since been predicting that the celebrity behind Pigeon could be a very well-known TV personality. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.The second episode of The Masked Singer welcomed some new faces to the stage, including the sassy Pigeon. While initially describing herself as an "old bird", fans soon clocked on that this wasn't the case, as she danced to TLC's No Scrubs. The judges weren't entirely sure who it could be with singer Rita Ora speculating it was Love Island host Maya Jama and presenter David McCall theorising it to be comedian Emily Atak. Talk Show host Jonathan Ross joked it may be Queen Consort Camilla Parker-Bowles but comic Mo Gilligan had another idea which fans have agreed with. READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update Speaking to presenter Joel Dommett, Gilligan said: "I think it's Gemma Collins. I really think it's Gemma Collins and it sounded like her." His answer got plenty of support from the live audience who cheered when he came up with the former The Only Way is Essex star. Agreeing with Gilligan on Twitter, Bobbie simply wrote: "I think Pigeon is Gemma Collins." Lisa Keenan questioned: "Is Pigeon Gemma Collins by any chance? #TheMaskedSinger" and Briony Millard added: "Pigeon is 100% Gemma Collins #TheMaskedSinger". There have been a few clues so far which may point to The GC, including her Essex accent and how she hasn't always seen eye-to-eye with people. In the clue package, Pigeon stated: "Even though I may have ruffled a few feathers in my time, personally I'm unflappable so I'm good at being able to ask the tougher questions." Collins was famously argumentative in TOWIE, often labelled as a diva, and when she was in Celebrity Big Brother 2017, she got into rows with many of her housemates, including actor John Partridge. This wasn't the only indication it could be the TV personality, according to another fan. DON'T MISS...Happy Valley fans 'work out' fire destroys Catherine Cawood's home [THEORY]ITV viewers 'switch off' as they blast 'unprofessional' GMB presenting [REACTION]The Masked Singer fans 'work out' Rhino's identity as X Factor winner [SPOILER] When Pigeon appears on stage, she is seen carrying a handbag which has two carrots hanging out of it. Jordan Lee Clapham guessed this was a reference to the ex-Dancing on Ice star appearing on the panel show 8 Out of 10 Cats. He said: "The episode concluded with a special bonus round of the ‘carrot game’, where captain Katherine Ryan attempted to persuade Gemma that she had a carrot in her box… when she didn’t." Pigeon will once again be performing this evening, Saturday, January 22, in a bid to impress the live audience and panellists. She is going to be facing Rhino, Jacket Potato, Rubbish and Fawn for their second performance. Last week, it was Cat and Mouse who was kicked out of the competition and were revealed to be Spandau Ballet's Martin Kemp and his wife, singer Shirlie Kemp. Before them, singer Lulu was uncovered as Piece of Cake and former footballer Chris Kamara as Ghost in week one. The Masked Singer is available to watch on Saturday at 7pm on ITV.