Eduardo Camavinga is the latest exciting name to be linked with a move to Arsenal in the near future. According to reports from the Evening Standard, the Gunners could try to sign the Real Madrid midfielder on loan until the end of the season ahead of an attempt to swoop for West Ham and England star Declan Rice in the summer. The north Londoners have already brought in winger Leandro Trossard from Brighton this month, and are also thought to be closing in on centre-back Jakub Kiwior from Spezia. But manager Mikel Arteta is believed to also want more reinforcements in midfield, and sees Camavinga as a perfect short-term option. Despite his huge potential, the 20-year-old has been in and out of the Madrid team so far this season, rarely managing to complete a full 90 minutes. Therefore, Arteta will remain hopeful that he can tempt Los Blancos into letting him go temporarily. It is certainly a capture that would excite the Arsenal faithful, and the likes of former Manchester United man Paul Pogba have already made it clear how highly they rate the youngster in a message the Gunners would do well to listen to. Speaking after the pair linked up on international duty for France in October 2020, Pogba said: “It is a pleasure to see him don the [France] shirt. To score after his first start [against Ukraine in a friendly], that is honestly wonderful.  “I was truly happy for him. I only wish him the best and much more. He has everything for that. His future is in his hands. He is very at ease, he is a little dancer. He makes me think a bit about me. He is not a timid person. “It is good, because he is confident. He has confidence in his qualities. He is a very good youngster, I like him enormously.” Pogba isn't the only player who has lavished praise upon Camavinga. Ex-Newcastle winger Hatem Ben Arfa played with Camavinga at French side Rennes, and said after he departed: “He was incredible. Technically and physically, he is a monster. Everything he does is perfect.  “For me, he is the modern midfielder by definition. There is nothing he can’t do. He can defend, tackle, head the ball, create, score, assist. He is powerful but gifted technically with his left foot. He is intelligent, elegant. You would have rarely seen a player like him at his age.” The complimentary words will certainly do little to dampen enthusiasm over the potential arrival of Camavinga at the Emirates. It remains to be seen whether the club will make a firm move in the coming days, but any deal could be just what they need for a morale boost ahead of Sunday's mammoth clash against Manchester United. Arsenal are currently five points clear at the top of the Premier League, but beating an in-form Red Devils side would send out a massive statement that they are not going anywhere as they pursue a first title in nearly 20 years.