Arsenal have made a second bid worth up to £70million for Brighton midfielder Moises Caicedo, according to reports. However, the Seagulls want £80m to let him leave in this window. Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta wants to sign a midfielder before Tuesday's deadline. And Caicedo is now his top target. Mohamed Elneny is set for a spell on the sidelines with a knee injury picked up in training, while Thomas Partey was forced off with a rib injury in the FA Cup fourth-round loss to Manchester City. Arteta is determined to add further depth to his options in the middle of the park. Arsenal saw their first bid for Caicedo rejected on Friday. The Gunners' offer was worth a flat £60m to Brighton. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Caicedo has since made it public that he wants to leave the Amex Stadium with a post on his social media accounts. And Arsenal have responded by making a new offer in an attempt to get Brighton to sell. The Daily Mail claims the second bid is £60m with a further £10m in add-ons. However, Brighton are likely to reject it again as they want £80m. Brighton are desperate to keep hold of Caicedo until the summer at least. The club have told the 21-year-old not to return to the training ground until the transfer window has shut on Wednesday. They understand Arsenal's interest has turned Caicedo's head and have given him time to get over the disappointment. But the Premier League leaders are not giving up hope of securing a late deal in the next few days. DON'T MISSThree players who Ten Hag could sign for Man Utd before deadlineKlopp and Guardiola agreed on Saint-Maximin as Newcastle star looks to quit£24m double exit, third loan signing - Man Utd's dream end to January  Caicedo has played fewer than 30 Premier League matches for Brighton. And he wrote on social media that it was a great opportunity for the club to make a record sale. Caicedo posted: "I am grateful to Mr. Bloom and Brighton for giving me the chance to come to the Premier League and I feel I have always done my best for them. I always play football with a smile and with heart. "I am the youngest of 10 siblings from a poor upbringing in Santa Domingo in Ecuador. My dream always to be the most decorated player in the history of Ecuador. "I am proud to be able to bring in a record transfer fee for Brighton which would allow them to reinvest it and help the club continue to be successful. The fans have taken me into their hearts and they will always be in my heart so I hope they can understand why I want to take up this magnificent opportunity.”  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here