A transgender killer now identifies as an infant and demands nappies, a dummy, and baby food in prison, it is reported. Sophie Eastwood, 36, formerly known as Daniel Eastwood, was sentenced to life in prison in 2004 after using shoelaces to strangle her cellmate. Eastwood, who has lived as a woman in Polmont prison in Brightons, Scotland, for four years, is now demanding prison staff treat her like a baby. Sources told the Daily Record she has told the prison governor she wants to wear a nappy, have her food pureed like a baby, and has even been supplied with a dummy. Prison bosses are said to be taking the demands seriously. The killer even demands officers hold her hand when she is escorted from her cell, according to reports. A source told the Daily Record Eastwood is “difficult” and “manipulative”. The source said: “This prisoner has been difficult and manipulative over the years, which is why she is still behind bars after 17 years.  “She decided that she would ‘trans’ from a man to a woman, which is becoming more common in jails these days. “But this is obviously something else entirely and the Scottish Prison Service has no protocol in place for dealing with prisoners who decide they are babies.” They added: “Eastwood is a complex person and intelligent but she is pretty demanding on the resources of the prison and enjoys being the centre of attention. "It’s difficult to know if she really does feel a natural inclination to be treated like a baby or if it’s just some kind of attention seeking. “Modern prisons are very tuned in to human rights and the legal implications they throw up, so it’s being given proper consideration.” Eastwood was jailed for life in 2004 and ordered to serve a minimum of 15 years at the High Court in Glasgow for murdering 22-year-old Paul Algie. She completed her 15-year minimum term in 2019, but is not due for release and remains in secure conditions. The source told the Scottish newspaper there was “no current intention to put her in any open prison regime”. They added: “This is nothing to do with gender issues. She just refuses to play by the rules or show any inclination or readiness to live in normal society.” Eastwood was jailed in 2004 for dangerous driving as Daniel. A month before the date for release from Dumfries Young Offenders Institution, the prisoner strangled Paul Algie with ­“considerable and prolonged” force and killed him. She said she realised at a psychologist session in 2016 that she identified as a woman and was not a gay man. Eastwood has been held in women-only units since 2018, at HMP Edinburgh, Polmont, and Cornton Vale for a short time. She takes a drug to block the production of the male hormone testosterone. An SPS spokesman said: “We can’t comment on individual prisoners.”