Coronation Street killer Stephen Reid (played by Todd Boyce) is set to kill Teddy Thompkins (Grant Burgin) in upcoming scenes after Teddy finds out he killed his son, Leo Thompkins (Joe Frost). However, Audrey (Sue Nicholls) could be set to be implicated by her son's actions and could be sent down for the murder of Teddy. But will Stephen confess to save his mother? Official spoilers reveal Stephen finds Rita Tanner (Barbara Knox) struggling with some bags for the charity shop and offers to take them in Audrey Roberts' car for her. Rita’s grateful whilst Jenny Connor (Sally Ann Matthews) watches on impressed at his kindness. In the Rovers, Stephen confides in Gail Platt (Helen Worth) that he’s worried Elaine Jones (Paula Wilcox) might be reading too much into their friendship. Teddy overhears and parks himself at Stephen and Elaine’s table, leaving the latter miffed at the intrusion, but Stephen’s secretly grateful. READ MORE: 1923 episode 4 cast With Elaine gone, Teddy explains to Stephen he overheard his conversation with Gail and thought he’d come to his rescue, leaving Stephen grateful. He offers to get the drinks in but panics when Teddy suddenly remembers something about the accident. Later in the Rovers, Elaine confides in Tim Metcalfe (Joe Duttine) how she lent Stephen £12k and since then he’s cooled towards her, leading to Jenny’s ears pricking up, whilst Tim’s horrified. Elsewhere in the café, Teddy agrees to abandon his trip and Stephen is relieved, but when Billy Mayhew (Daniel Brocklebank) says something to Teddy it triggers a memory. Stephen heads out of the factory and Teddy approaches, revealing he now remembers everything and accuses Stephen of having done something to Leo. Teddy grows angry, revealing he remembers every word of their conversation before the accident, with Stephen leading Teddy into the factory, suggesting they can talk inside. In the factory office, Teddy accuses Stephen of doing everything he can to stop him from going to Canada because in truth he killed Leo in a bid to have Jenny for himself. When Teddy vows to report him to the police, Stephen whacks him over the head and adds another dead body to his list. DON'T MISS...Rod Stewart leaves Dermot O’Leary staggered with racy sex confession [INSIGHT]Emmerdale exit for Dawn Taylor as she lands new role  [WATCH]Loose Women fury over baby remark as show hit with Ofcom complaints [LATEST] Panicking about where to hide his body, he puts Teddy in Audrey’s car roof box but struggles to lift it. Later, unaware of its contents, Kevin Webster (Michael Le Vell), Abi Franklin (Sally Carman) and Tim help Stephen lift the box onto the roof of the car. As Stephen heads back out of the factory, he’s shocked to see Audrey’s car has gone and Sarah Platt (Tina O'Brien) reveals she has taken it to visit her friend Bev in the Peak District. Will Audrey be arrested for Teddy's murder? Will he make it to the Peak District in time before his mother finds the dead body on top of her car? Todd Boyce recently opened up about Teddy's death and how he could get his mother involved and told Express.co.uk and other press: "It is funny. "All these people who are very very close to the body. Some people help me and Audrey could be implicated if things go wrong." Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.