A cleaner who ditched her rubber gloves and mop for a radical career change, says she now rakes in £200k a year - by dressing as Princess Diana on OnlyFans. Lauren Spencer, 47, who says she has often been compared to the late Princess of Wales, gained fans after she began posting racy pictures and saucy videos in April 2021.  Speaking about her experience, Lauren explained she decided to give OnlyFans a go when she had to sell her housekeeping business due to the coronavirus pandemic. As a result, she now rakes in £16k a month. "I've become the princess of soft porn," she joked. "I was so shocked when I started to get popular. But I'm now in the top 0.5 per cent of creators on OnlyFans. "Lots of people suggest I look like Princess Diana which is very flattering. She was beautiful. I'm natural and older than most but I love it. "I don't think anyone walking past in the street would suspect it - people always think I'm a nurse. "I feel amazing about myself and my husband loves it too." Lauren and her husband, Charlie, 52, hope that the money Lauren gains from her new venture will go towards their dream of rescuing animals. As Charlie, who helps out behind the scenes, explained: "I think that it is great. And it's all for our dream."  Lauren first started webcamming in May 2020 before joining Only Fans in April 2021. Now she spends her days making content for the site – including running lives for her avid subscribers. "I'm always booked up," she said. "They always tell me I look like Diana. I have the same height, weight and build and even kind of sound like her." Lauren finds the job fun and says she wasn't expecting to be as popular. "I'm just a normal woman so I was quite shocked," she said. "I've won four awards for live streaming and content creation." Lauren also says that lots of her subscribers have a Diana fantasy and get her to recreate iconic photos or pretend to be the princess. “I get requests to recreate the photo of Diana wearing the billowing skirt standing against the sunlight and not realising her skirt was see-through,” she said. “They ask me to be her while I read something. Sometimes it’s something innocent like a meaningful poem.”  Lauren's husband Charlie has been very supportive from the get-go, she said. "He's very encouraging," Lauren shared. "He likes that guys are looking at me - he's not the jealous type. "It's all for our dream of helping animals.  I just want to buy a bit of land and help them. Diana was crazy about helping people. I’m like that with animals. "I love what I do. It's empowering." You can find Lauren at onlyfans.com/laurenspencer or you can find her on Twitter @laurenspencerUK 