Republican George Santos' reputation has been dealt a fresh blow after newly acquired records directly contradict a claim the politician made about where his mother was on September 11, 2001. Santos has claimed that his mother was at her office inside the World Trade Center during the 9/11 terrorist attacks, but records obtained by NBC News on Wednesday show she was living in Brazil at the time. The immigration records, unearthed through a Freedom of Information Act request by genealogical researcher Alex Calzareth and first reported by The Washington Post, show that Santos’ mother, Fatima Caruso Devolder, was admitted to the US in April 2003 and had not been in the country since 1999. She had been living in Rio de Janeiro. Devolder last left New York in 1999 and claimed in 2001 when she was back in Brazil that her green card had been stolen, according to the records. She later applied for re-entry and was readmitted into the US in 2003, the records show. Santos' mother indicated that she was unemployed or retired and that she planned to live in Woodside, New York, a neighbourhood in Queens, according to the documents obtained via a FOIA request. READ MORE: Biden on brink as shutdown threatens US with 'economically catastrophic' default blow But even though the records show Devolder’s absence from the US from 1999 to 2003, Santos’ congressional campaign website reads: “George’s mother was in her office in the South Tower on Sept. 11, 2001, when the horrific events of that day unfolded. "She survived the tragic events on September 11th, but she passed away a few years later when she lost her battle to cancer.” The website's statement also contradicts an earlier claim made by Santos. In 2021, when he was running for Congress, Santos claimed in a reply to an account on Twitter that 9/11 claimed his mother’s life. DON'T MISSTikTok star's death sparks warning [LATEST]Alec Baldwin threatened with max sentence [REPORT]US default risk threatens worldwide recession [INSIGHT] His campaign website says his mother died a few years after the attacks; she died in 2016. The latest round of humiliation comes after Santos has gained national attention for uttering a series of lies. The Republican from New York once claimed to be Jewish only to backpedal and say that he meant only that he was “Jew-ish”. In an interview with Jewish Insider, which called Santos “the next Jewish Republican congressman from Long Island”, the publication said Santos described himself as a “non-observant Jew”. READ MORE: Ready for Ron! DeSantis backers throw $3.3m behind Republican to take on Trump in 2024 A New York Times report found chunks of the Republican's resume he shared with the public cannot be corroborated. Representatives from employers Santos claims he worked for and universities he said he studied at say they have no record of him. In the run-up to the November election, Santos reportedly claimed to have attended New York University and graduated from Baruch College "with a bachelor's degree in economics and finance". Representatives for Baruch and New York University, where he is also said to have obtained a degree, told NBC New York that they have no record of his attendance. Representatives for Citigroup and Goldman Sachs also told NBC New York they have no record of his employment. Santos has admitted “embellishing” his résumé in an interview with the New York Post but otherwise denied wrongdoing and said he will not resign. Amid the swirls of lies and accusations comes an unexpected development. A drag queen, who claims to be a former friend of the politician, said Santos dressed as a drag queen named "Kitara" in Brazil over 10 years ago. Santos has denied the claim, calling it "outrageous".