Matt Gaetz has tabled a new bill that would see former Intelligence Committee chairman Adam Schiff barred from accessing classified files. The ad personam proposal from the Republican Florida Representative comes in response to Schiff's role during the impeachment proceedings against Donald Trump, including his claims of collusion between the former president and Russia. The PENCIL resolution also calls for an investigation into the Democrat's ethical conduct. Gaetz is believed to have named his proposal based on Trump's unflattering nickname for Schiff, whom the former president dubbed "Pencil Neck". The Preventing Extreme Negligence with Classified Information Licenses Resolution proposes Schiff be barred from accessing classified documents as well as for his comments about Trump colluding with the Russians being stricken from the record. Gaetz said: "Congressman Adam Schiff led the effort for years to weaponize lies from the Clinton campaign and a corrupt Department of Justice to smear President Trump while destroying any trust the country had left in America’s intelligence agencies. "Speaker McCarthy kept his promise to remove Rep. Schiff from the Intelligence Committee, and with the PENCIL Resolution, we will express the sense of Congress that he should be barred from accessing any classified information at all." JUST IN: Jill Biden shuts down pass attempts to question POTUS as she moves President away He added: "He can no longer be trusted by his colleagues in Congress or the American people." Kevin McCarthy this week delivered on his pledge not to reconfirm Schiff's membership of the Intelligence Committee, citing a briefing from the FBI as the leading reason behind his decision. Challenged about the move, McCarthy said: "When Devin Nunes put out a memo, Schiff said it was false. When we had a laptop, he used it before an election to play politics and say that it was false and said it was the Russians when he knew different, when he knew the Intel...He used his position as chairman, knowing he has information the rest of America does not, and lied to the American public. "So, no, Schiff does not have a right to sit on it. But I will not be like Democrats and play politics with these where they removed Republicans from committees and all committees." READ MORE: Suspects filmed 'callously laughing' at 19-year-old rape victim shortly before her death The Speaker continued: "Yes, he can serve on a committee, but he will not serve on Intel because it goes to the national security of America and I will always put them first. "But you know what, those voters elected Schiff, even though he lied, those voters elected Swalwell, even though he lied to the American public, too. "So, you know what? I respect his voters, too, and they'll serve on committees, but they will not serve on a place that has national security relevance because integrity matters to me. That's the answer to your question." Schiff accused House Republicans of targeting him directly over his leading role in Trump's first impeachment. DON'T MISS: Snow showers to lash parts of UK this weekend amid blizzard fears [FORECAST]Samantha Markle exposes another Meghan 'lie' [INSIGHT]Royal Family still has to deal with racism, despite Harry's new claim [COMMENT]  The proceedings focused on accusations Trump called Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and threatened to withhold $400 million in military aid unless he investigated Joe and Hunter Biden,. Addressing the press earlier this week, Schiff said: "The cardinal sin appears to be that I led the impeachment of his master in Mar-a-Lago, for withholding hundreds of millions of dollars in military aid from Ukraine, a nation that was even then at war with Russia, in order to extort that country into helping Donald Trump's re-election campaign." Despite the pressure he has been facing, the California Representative confirmed his plans to run for Senate to replace Dianne Feinstein, who is expected to announce her retirement in the coming weeks.