The well-known photograph displaying the Duke of York holding his accuser Virginia Giuffre by the waist has been found to be genuine, according to new evidence. The image allegedly depicts Andrew holding Ms Giuffre by the arm in the Mayfair residence of disgraced British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell, who was found guilty of sex trafficking. Both Maxwell and Andrew have discredited the integrity of the image.  But now the Mail on Sunday says it can demonstrate that the image was a printed photograph created in a one-hour photo lab. According to the report, the original photo has a date stamp on the reverse that shows it was created on March 13, 2001, or three days after Ms Giuffre, once known as Virginia Roberts, is believed to have met Andrew. The image was created at Walgreens, a major US pharmacy chain, the report adds. It follows Maxwell's declaration that she is "sure" the image is fake while speaking from a US prison.   In an interview with TalkTV, she said: "It's a fake. I don't believe it's real for a second, in fact, I'm sure it's not." She added: "Well, there's never been an original and further there's no photograph, and I've only ever seen a photocopy of it." Andrew has also questioned the veracity of the photo of him and Ms Giuffre. The Duke later agreed to pay millions to settle with Ms Giuffre, a lady he insisted he had never met, in a civil sexual assault action. READ MORE: Prince Andrew 'remains a danger' to royal image, claims royal expert After she was reportedly trafficked by disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein, the erstwhile partner of Maxwell, Ms Giuffre sued him for allegedly molesting her when she was 17-years-old. Andrew has since vehemently and repeatedly refuted the allegations. The duke has previously disputed the authenticity of the photo, stating that he had "no recollection" of meeting Ms Giuffre and that he "never displays affection" in public. In a 2019 interview with BBC Newsnight, Andrew indicated that while he can recognise himself in the photo with Ms Giuffre, it is impossible to determine whether the picture was staged. DON'T MISS:Giuffre's new memoir could be 'reason' Charles 'kicked' Andrew out [REPORT]POLL – Should non-working royals join Coronation balcony appearance? [POLL]Prince Andrew's comeback requires a 'miracle' [REPORT]  He also said that the photograph could not have been taken in London because he was wearing "travelling clothes". The image is "authentic," Ms Giuffre asserted to BBC Panorama, adding that she provided the FBI with the original in 2011. According to The Sun, Prince Andrew is considering filing a lawsuit to have the multimillion-pound settlement with the woman who accused him of sexual assault overturned and perhaps even force an apology. READ NEXTPrincess Eugenie steps out for lavish dinner in LondonKing to take 'moral high ground' at the Coronation and invite Sussexes'No place' for Harry, Meghan or Andrew on Coronation balconyGB News fury as Andrew's ex details how Giuffre photo was 'faked'Andrew accuser 'signs memoir deal' as gagging order set to expire