Social media rivals Jake Paul and Tommy Fury could be about to announce a fight date for this year in Saudi Arabia. The rivals have been bickering almost two years but have yet to fight after two previous dates were vacated by Fury. Saudi entrepreneur Prince Khalid Adbdulaziz Al Saud has sparked rumours that a deal between the rivals has been completed in a cryptic Instagram post. Prince Khalid posted a blank video with the soundtrack "signed, sealed, delivered". A rumoured fight date is February 25 but nothing has been confirmed. The pair were first due to fight in December 2021 in Florida but Fury pulled out of the bout after picking up a rib injury during training. They set a second fight date the following year which was set to be a huge bout at Madison Square Garden. However, Fury once again pulled out after a travel issue prevented the Brit from flying out to America. Fury fought before Christmas in the UAE when the British fighter failed to make weight for his proposed fight against Paul Bamba amid confusion about the contract. Instead unbeaten Fury took on Rolly Lambert in exhibition match when Paul sat ringside firing insults at his rival. READ MORE: Tommy Fury has three next fight options after dull exhibition bout against Rolly Lambert   After the fight the pair were involved in a heated exchange when Fury invited Paul into the ring to settle their difference. Paul renewed their rivalry earlier this month offering to fight the British boxer in Manchester next month. YouTube star Paul made his professional boxing debut three years ago and has an unbeaten record of 6-0. He told the Daily Mirror: "I have done everything in my power to make the fight happen against this 8-0 boxer, including offering to go to Manchester for February 18 in partnership with Frank and George Warren. I'm looking at any other alternative to make this fight work." DON'T MISS:  Fury quickly fired a response offering to fight Paul for free to settle their rivalry. He posted on Instagram: “I’m seeing Jake Paul s*** all over the internet. You offered Paddy Pimblett £1million to spar, you offered Tyson £1million bet about some b******* or other… but you don’t want to pay me much more to have a fight. “Well I’ll go one better than that, as it’s gone past money for me now, I’m not bothered. I’ll fight you for free in Manchester or London next month, not a problem. So let’s see how game you are. Promoters are getting nothing, me and you get nothing. All proceeds will go to charity. I just want to fight you and put an end to you. Because all this money and everything has gone on too long. I just want to fight you now." 