The Chair took viewers by storm as Sandra Oh returned to screens in a hit comedy-drama which shot to Netflix’s top 10 list. However, showrunner Amanda Peet confirmed it would not return for season two as it joined the mounting list of shows being axed by Netflix.  After being at the centre of BBC’s Killing Eve, Sandra returned to screens to star as Professor Ji-Yoon Kim on The Chair. As a newly appointed chair of the English department at Pembroke University, she was forced to navigate her new role with extreme demands and high expectations. Kim was the first woman of colour to be made head of the English department at the prestigious university. However, despite hopes for season two, the streaming giant has officially axed The Chair. READ MORE: Happy Valley star pays tribute to 'magnificent' Sarah Lancashire   Showrunner Amanda confirmed the devastating news, as she said: “We weren’t picked up, Sandra and I wish we had been.” Sandra was first questioned about season two last year. She stated: “No one’s called me, so I’m guessing that’s not happening. “I would have loved it because I just thought that there was so much material there to potentially explore,” the actress told Variety.    Although a reason for its cancellation has yet to be confirmed, The Chair could have been dropped as a result of viewing figures. Despite landing on Netflix's top 10 list, the series may not have lasted on the list long enough, according to FixControl’s stats. After a 10-day streak, it was dropped and forced to battle for viewership against Clickbait, Memories of a Murderer: The Nilsen Tapes, and The Witcher: Nightmare of The Wolf.  DON'T MISS...A Place in the Sun buyer breaks down as she details heartbreak [INSIGHT] The Chair Netflix review: An exceptional cast provides depth and wit [REVIEW]Where is The Chair on Netflix filmed? [INSIGHT] Netflix was recently blasted by 1899 fans after the cast announced the mysterious drama had also been axed. Taking to social media, creators Baran bo Odar and Jantje Freise wrote: “With a heavy heart we have to tell you that 1899 will not be renewed. “We would have loved to finish this incredible journey with a second and third season as we did with Dark. They added: “But sometimes things don’t turn out the way you planned. That’s life.”   “We know this will disappoint millions of fans out there, but we want to thank you from the bottom of our hearts that you were a part of this wonderful adventure. We love you. Never forget.” Despite the heartbreak, fans will soon be able to see Sandra back on screens in HBO’s upcoming espionage thriller, The Sympathizer. She will star as Sofia Mori a “liberated feminist who, in the midst of a love triangle, begins to awaken to the complexity of her own Asian-American identity". Sandra will star alongside the likes of Robert Downey Jr, Hoa Xuande, Fred Nguyen Khan, Toan Le, Vy Le and Alan Trong. Robert Downey Jr was recently spotted on set for the series looking unrecognisable as he transformed for his role.  The Chair is available to stream on Netflix.