Rege-Jean Page - who is tipped to be Daniel Craig's replacement as the next James Bond - has been branded the world's best-looking man. The 34-year-old Bridgerton star received top scores according to the Golden Ratio of Beauty Phi, which was used by the ancient Greeks to rate physical perfection. A top cosmetic surgeon in London's Harley Street made use of computer mapping technology to measure the various proportions of his face in relation to each other - and he scored almost 94 per cent. Men In Black star Chris Hemsworth, who was once briefly married to Miley Cyrus, came in second place with 93.53 per cent. Black Panther actor Michael B Jordan took up third place, while Harry Styles was next on the most handsome list, with a very respectable rating of 92.30 per cent. Factors considered by the measurement system include the distance between each eye, the interaction of the length and width of the nose, the proportions of the lips and the face's general shape and symmetry. READ NOW: Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' after break with Carol Vorderman Dr De Silva, who runs the Centre For Advanced Facial Cosmetic And Plastic Surgery in London's Harley Street, revealed that he uses the ratio to help patients who are planning cosmetic surgery. "These brand new computer mapping techniques allow us to solve some of the mysteries of what it is that makes someone physically beautiful," he claimed. He praised Rege's "classically beautiful" face and "gorgeous brown eyes", revealing that he "easily" had the highest score when it came to the positioning of his eyes. The doctor was also full of admiration for Liam, suggesting in the Daily Mail that he is "one of the biggest movie stars in the world" thanks to the "clean cut good looks" he showcased on Aussie soap Home and Away. 'He has the old fashioned matinee idol glamour of the Hollywood stars of yesteryear and that scores very highly when you are measuring classical beauty," he mused. The equation used to crack physical beauty is the same one used by artists and architects during the Renaissance in Europe to help craft their world-famous masterpieces. Even Leonardo Da Vinci applied the ratio in the hope of constructing the perfect male body type for his famous artwork The Vitruvian Man. The closer that the ratios of a face or body are to the unit Phi (1.618), the more beautiful that person is considered to be. Perhaps, then, it's little surprise that Rege-Jean has been hotly tipped to be the next James Bond. Daniel Craig stepped down after his final Bond appearance in the 2021 movie No Time To Die, leaving the road open for a new contender to swipe the highly sought after position. And the British-Zimbabwean actor, who was the breakout star of Bridgerton for his role as the Duke of Hastings, has the support of many. He faces competition from the likes of Henry Cavill, who is famous for his DC Comics role playing Superman and also rumoured to be in the running. There's also been talk of James Norton, who plays psychotic escapee Tommy Lee Royce in Happy Valley, becoming the new Bond. The move would diversify his acting portfolio, transforming him into a hero instead of a villain. However, neither Cavill nor Norton have made it to the top ten list according to the Golden Ratio, with the likes of George Clooney and Robert Pattison receiving recognition instead. Dwayne Johnson also scraped the list, with Dr Silva praising that he is "aging beautifully".