Chelsea completed the signing of Mykhaylo Mudryk on Sunday after hijacking Arsenal’s move for the winger. The Blues have been in terrible form under Graham Potter, but the manager will reportedly get the opportunity to rebuild his squad at Stamford Bridge rather than facing the sack. And Express Sport takes a look at six players Chelsea can now sign on loan or on the cheap to help the team flourish in attack, in midfield and at right-back. A striker Chelsea snapped up Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid last week, with the striker going on to receive a red card on his Blues debut against Fulham. And Potter is also set to get his hands on RB Leipzig forward Christopher Nkunku after agreeing a summer move for the ace. But Chelsea could also try to thrash out deals with Barcelona or Borussia Monchengladbach to bring in Memphis Depay or Marcus Thuram. Both players are out of contract in the summer so could be available on the cheap before the end of the current transfer window. The west London giants could even try to secure loan moves for either of the duo before signing them permanently at the end of the campaign. A midfielder Chelsea’s midfield has been a problem area recently, with N’Golo Kante suffering a string of injury problems and Jorginho and Mateo Kovacic failing to shine. So Potter could turn his attentions to Leicester star Youri Tielemans and Juventus ace Adrien Rabiot. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Tielemans has been heavily linked with a move to Arsenal over the last 18 months after refusing to sign a new contract at the King Power Stadium. But the Blues have already illustrated their ruthless desire to take players from under the noses of the Gunners so could attempt to persuade Tielemans to put pen-to-paper on a deal at Stamford Bridge instead. And Leicester could be open to a transfer this month to avoid losing the ace for free at the end of the season. Rabiot is another player who is coming to the end of his current deal, with his Juventus future very much up in the air. Manchester United have been tipped to sign the 27-year-old France international as they look to bolster their squad under Erik ten Hag. But Chelsea could decide to make the player an offer he can’t refuse. DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeWeghorst had ulterior motive to join Man Utd as revelation comes to lightMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private    A right-back Celtic right-back Josip Juranovic impressed for Croatia at the World Cup and has since been linked with a move to the likes of Barcelona and Manchester United as well as the Blues. Despite having another three-and-a-half years on his current contract, the 27-year-old could reportedly be available for as little as £7million. And Potter would jump at the chance of getting such a quality defender at that bargain price. And Potter could also turn to Wolves ace Adama Traore in his search for a right-sided player. Traore, who is coming to the end of his deal in the Black Country, has played at right wing-back before and has shown he can scare even the most experienced of Premier League defenders with his blistering pace. 