Tariq St Patrick (played by Michael Rainey Jr) spent most of the original Power series living in the shadow of his father, James ‘Ghost’ St Patrick (Omari Hardwick). After finally taking him down in the final season of the hit Starz drama, he started his own journey to the top with best friend Brayden Weston (Gianni Paolo) in tow, and the network has just confirmed his story will continue in a fourth season of Power Book II: Ghost. Rainey Jr and Paolo both donned stealthy black jackets in their first sneak peek at the fourth season of Ghost. The show’s official Instagram account posted: “Y’all waiting for season 3 and we already cooking up season 4.” Both stars held the clapper board for the spin-off’s first episode, confirming filming has already started before the third season’s premiere this March. After the success of the original Power, its first offshoot has maintained the franchise’s huge popularity, leading to further spin-offs Raising Kanan and Force. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss Now Starz has given the series a huge vote of confidence, with TV and film star Michael Ealy joining the cast of season four. Viewers were thrilled by the update, especially after having to wait just over a year for season three to get started. Below Rainey Jr’s post, @averitywan said: “Well hell go ahead and start filming szn 4 now so we don’t have to wait after szn 3.” @khaliadenee replied: “Y’all taking too long. I had to restart it I done forgot everything.” @chrxmeegen exclaimed: “Yessss Irr finally!! Feel like I’ve been waiting for years mannn.” And under the show’s post, @hairpetty commented: “Good! While you at it go ahead and get to season 5 too!” @jaimontell replied: “OK cause I feel like y’all skipped a season and BMF (Black Mafia Family) came out instead! “We irritated! Tell the producers hurry tf up! I need my weekly dose!” DON'T MISS:The Bachelor hits back after being branded ‘boring’ by fans [LATEST]The Good Doctor fans ‘in tears’ as Murphies say goodbye to injured dog [REACTION]Outlander’s Sam Heughan announces new project with Graham McTavish [VIDEO] And @_monique_nicole joked: “This is a spoiler. Now we know Brayden survives season 3!” (sic) Newcomer Ealy is best known for his roles in Barbershop and Trackers, and is joining the cast of Ghost as a series regular. He’ll be portraying Detective Don Carter, a New York cop who could cause trouble for Tariq and Brayden’s growing drug empire. An official description via Deadline says Carter is “a rising NYPD officer who was on track to become Police Commissioner until his wife was killed in a crossfire between rival drug gangs. “Vowing to make the streets safer, Carter traded in his tie for a kevlar vest and now leads an elite NYPD drug task force that elicits concrete results against drug-related violence. “While his achievements are noteworthy public recognition, nothing can bring back his lost love.” Season four is also expected to see the return of Monet Tejada (Mary J Blige) and her rival crime family, though there’s always the chance a shocking surprise is in store for season three. Power Book II: Ghost season 3 premieres Friday, March 17 on Starz in the USA and Lionsgate+ via Prime Video in the UK.