Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher slammed the Reds for their display against Brighton and suggested his former side could have lost by more than the three goals they conceded at the Amex. Jurgen Klopp’s side were stunned 3-0 by the South Coast outfit in yet another Premier League defeat. Brighton scored three second-half goals against Liverpool to secure a memorable victory. Solly March struck a brace before former Manchester United and Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck added a third. Carragher felt that Liverpool could have lost by more had Alisson not been in goal. The Brazilian kept Brighton at bay in the first half, with the Seagulls going close on several occasions. The former defender tweeted: “Liverpool are as bad defensively as anyone in the Premier League right now. Fortunately they have the best keeper which means they aren’t further down the table.” JUST IN: Liverpool crisis reaches new depths as Kaoru Mitoma destroys Reds Responding to a fan who said Liverpool can forget about Champions League qualification this term, Carragher said that he hopes the Reds can copy the Chelsea blueprint from 2016-17. That season, the Blues won the league having finished 10th 12 months earlier. “Hopefully it’s a Chelsea season where you miss Europe & win the PL next season!” Carragher wrote. Brighton leapfrogged Liverpool into seventh after their win. Klopp’s side have now suffered six defeats this season, their highest figure since 2020-21 when they finished third with nine losses. Captain Jordan Henderson said their performance on Saturday was the team’s worst during Klopp’s eight years in charge. "Probably [the worst]. I can't remember another one. A really tough day,” the midfielder said. DON'T MISS...Leandro Trossard transfer saga takes twist as Brighton star leaves UKKlopp loses his cool at transfer question during Liverpool conferenceLiverpool boss Klopp provides Darwin Nunez injury latest Asked what went wrong, Henderson added: "Everything. Everything went wrong from the start to the end. Brighton were better than us in all departments. It's a real low point as a team. We have to stay together. It's a tough moment but we need to get together, stay together and try and change things quickly. We have to try and learn and show a reaction. "There wasn't one thing. It was numerous things and it hasn't been right for a little while now. Everybody knows that. We know we can be better. I'll take responsibility and the lads will. We have to try to put it right." Ominously revealing that Liverpool’s squad are low on confidence, the England international continued: “We're pretty low on confidence. The energy level is low. Everything. We can't feel sorry for ourselves. We have to keep fighting and hopefully we can change it sooner rather than later."