On ITV’s This Morning today, the money saving expert answered listeners' questions about their financial situations. Anne wanted to know if people can get out of fixed term savings accounts if they can get better interest elsewhere. Anne’s husband has financial power of attorney for his mother which was recently lodged with National Savings & Investment (NS&I). His mother signed up to a fixed rate account paying 0.51 percent interest. Anne wanted to know if they could get out of this fixed deal for a higher interest account. Mr Lewis explained that when people lock into fixed rate savings accounts, they usually do it to get a guaranteed rate of interest for a set period of time. Usually people forego the option to withdraw their money. He said: “In most cases you can’t get out of it. READ MORE: Universal Credit changes this month could mean thousands could see payments stopped  He suggested that Anne go onto the NS&I website, look at the product name and see withdrawal conditions. He believed there could be a 90 day interest clause on the product. Fixed Interest Savings Certificates are no longer on sale. Britons can find out how to manage their current Certificates if they’re coming up for maturity, or if they need to cash in early by checking the NS&I website. NS&I offers a range of savings products suitable for different people. For example their Direct Saver offers 2.30 percent. This is a sn easy access savings account that pays  interest yearly, to top up one's savings. Alternatively NS&I offers a Direct ISA paying 1.75 percent. People can save up to £20,000 without paying a penny in tax on the interest. Additionally, NS&I increased its Premium Bond prize-fund rate to three percent from 2.2 percent for its January 2023 draw and beyond. READ MORE: Energy bills: 5 ways you are losing energy and what to do next - 'easy way' to save £270 An extra £80million in higher-value prizes was up for grabs. Premium Bonds are essentially a savings account people can put money into, where instead of being paid interest, tax-free prizes are awarded in a monthly draw. Prizes range from £25 to £1million. The odds of winning will remain the same at 24,000-to-one, but there will be more than three times as many prizes between £5,000 and £100,000 available. It's estimated that the number of £100,000 prizes will triple from 18 to 56, the number of £50,000 prizes will rise from 36 to 112, and the number of £25,000 prizes will more than triple from 71 to 223. Each month two winners will claim the top £1 million prize. NS&I chief executive Ian Ackerley said: "The New Year increase to the Premium Bonds prize fund rate will mean that customers will have seen the prize fund rate triple in less than a year. “This means a bigger prize pot and more higher value prizes for our customers – a great way to start 2023." If people decide Premium Bonds are right for them, the minimum amount they can buy is £25 for one-off purchases and monthly standing orders, while the maximum amount people can hold is £50,000. Prizes are always tax-free and they're also backed by the Government, meaning one’s money is fully protected. For more information on how Premium Bonds work, people can visit the NS&I website. ITV’s This Morning continues tomorrow on ITV at 10am.