As 2023 catches the UK in the midst of a cost of living crisis, many Britons will be looking for affordable ways to renovate their homes. According to DIY expert, Michael Rolland at The Paint Shed, there are various ways to do this. This includes wall panelling, painting and creating a picture gallery. The expert explained: “Adding panelling to the walls of your home can make a space feel modern whilst also having characterful features. “Panelling the lower half of the wall in a hallway is also a nice way to add colour without having to paint the entire space. “Choose a contrasting or tonal colour to compliment the current colour on the upper half to save money and time. “Panelling is much easier to do than you think, and has increased in popularity since the COVID-19 lockdowns.” READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Save £17.50 on this Argos dehumidifier The colour of a front door can have a huge impact on the kerb appeal of a home and according to the expert, can also affect the price of your home in some instances. If the paint on your front door is looking tired and faded, then it may be time for a repaint. The DIY pro said: “A sharp looking door can really transform the look of a property so choosing a colour that works well is crucial. “Colour carries a great deal of significance so the one you pick for your front door can have hidden meanings you didn’t even think of. If you are looking to revamp your front door be sure to check out our guide on painting front doors.” When you walk into a home, the first thing you often see are the stairs, meaning they could create great first impressions for guests or prospective buyers. DON'T MISS:Six ‘common’ gardening mistakes to avoid making [COMMENT]Electrician shares ‘clever’ curtain method to keep your home warm [INSIGHT]Surfaces to ‘avoid’ cleaning with baking soda and white vinegar [EXPERT] The expert said a stair runner will add an interesting feature to the home and there is a wide variety of colours and patterns you can choose from. Michael added: “You could go bold and get a striped bright coloured runner, or you can be more reserved and get a simple colour which would look equally as smart. “It is also quite an inexpensive thing to do, with many retailers selling stair runners being priced under £100.” The DIY pro noted: “Painting your radiator is an easy and exciting way to transform your room.” If you decide to paint it a fun colour, it can turn a boring functional room feature into something beautiful. READ MORE: ‘Effortless’ method to remove yellow pillow stains without bleach Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Choosing a dark colour such as navy can create a sense of cosiness and warmth to a room and opting for a light neutral colour can make the radiator stand-out, creating a statement in the room. Michael added: “The best paint to use for a radiator is a water-based satin or gloss finish metal paint, as it is best suited to constant changes in heat and a nice finish. If you are looking to revamp your front door be sure to check out our guide on painting a radiator.” According to the pro, experimenting with a rug is “simple yet so effective” and can be introduced into so many different rooms inside the home. Including a rug in the living room, where you may have a coffee table between the sofa and TV, is ideal as it creates texture within a room, as well as colour. Michael explained: “It almost feels like you’ve got a new carpet without forking out for one to be installed. Especially with new build properties, a lot of rooms lack character. “Adding a nice looking rug can give a room some nice detail, as well as making it feel cosy. The rug doesn’t have to be new, or expensive. It’s an item that is often posted on social media sites for discounted prices.” A gallery of artwork on the wall, whether of family or not, makes a room more interesting. This could also be added into several different rooms in the home including the living room. According to the pro, one theme which is becoming increasingly popular is framing pieces of wallpaper, which is extremely cost-effective. Michael added: “You may already have leftover wallpaper in your home which you can use, and if you don’t you can always get some free samples from stores. Make sure the frames are simple so the patterns are on focus, and the pieces of wallpaper need to be placed on a white background for a neat effect.”