Stylish Queen Maxima of the Netherlands attended the World Economic Forum wearing a head-to-toe mustard yellow. She looked radiant however some royal fans thought her style was a little too much. Queen Maxima, 51, stepped out at the World Economic Forum wearing a turtleneck jumper and wide-legged trousers, both in canary yellow. On the top she wore the 'Leandro' Yellow Wool Turtleneck by Max Mara. She paired this with the 'Urlo' Yellow Viscose Jersey Trousers by the same designer, retailing at £357. It is described on the website as follows: "Relaxed fit, long trousers in compact viscose jersey, with double darts at the front, regular waist and turn-ups at the hem." READ MORE: Queen Elizabeth II looked graceful even with coffee stain in cute pic  The pieces were exactly the same colour, and the monochromatic look was truly a show stopper yet effortless at the same time. On her feet, Queen Maxima opted for a pair of 'Martis' Brown Ankle Boots by Gianvito Rossi, retailed at £940. Gianvito Rossi is a royal favourite and has even been spotted on the feet of Kate Middleton. On Harrods' website, these are described as "elegant but tough and commanding – perfect for the modern woman". Maxima accessorised with an incredible necklace - the 18K Gold Baroque 18.5" Multi-Gemstone Necklace by Seaman Schepps. The colourful piece is worth a jaw dropping $16,550 (around £13,358). As for her hair, Maxima wore her blonde locks in beach waves. Her makeup was elegant, with a touch of bronzer, nude lips and dark, smokey eyes. The European royal looked amazing in this incredible ensemble, however the look caused division among fans. READ MORE: Kate steps out in striking orange dress - pictures  Many flocked to Instagram to comment on Queen Maxima of the Netherlands' latest look. @birdnerd327 was a huge fan: "Not a lot of women could pull off monochromatic mustard outfit yet she does! Looks nice and bright." @mydocuments seconded this: "Oh, my fashion queen. Max makes even the boldest choices work perfectly. I especially LOVE that gorgeous gemstone necklace." @luxmeagainpreloved commented: "Love this more casual styling with the hiking boot. "She really likes yellow so she will make good use of this look. And the necklace is wow!" @plbatch56 said: "She’s so lucky to be able to pull off this beautiful colour, wears it well as always." But not everyone was impressed by the royal's look. @lecignalisa stated: "The colour is creepy - I don't think it suits her." @julesandbetsy commented: "Dare I say not good." And royal fan catherine.duncan48 mused that it's "just not right somehow".