Meghan Markle, 41, and Prince Harry, 38, "have been invited" to King Charles' coronation on May 6, 2023, according to royal commentator Andrew Pierce. Mr Pierce appeared on Good Morning Britain today where he confirmed that the couple had been invited, but had not yet confirmed their attendance at the prestigious ceremony. If the Duke and Duchess of Sussex attend the coronation, they will likely stay in their UK home, Frogmore Cottage on the Windsor estate. Meghan and Harry renewed their lease for Frogmore Cottage after it was announced that Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank were moving to Portugal. Eugenie and Jack now split their time between Portugal and Nottingham Cottage in the UK with their young son, August. They previously lived in Frogmore Cottage for just under two years after Meghan and Harry stepped back as senior members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: King Charles 'won't be our King for very long' due to bad timing But before this, the Duke and Duchess lived in Frogmore Cottage as working royals, where their son Archie spent the first five months of his life in 2019. When the couple returned to the UK in June 2022 for the late Queen's Platinum Jubilee, they stayed at Frogmore Cottage, where it was announced that the couple continue to pay rent on the UK property. This enables Prince Harry to stay on as a counsellor of state because he still has access to a property in the UK. During their Netflix documentary, Meghan and Harry showed many never before seen pictures inside Frogmore Cottage during their time that summer with their two children, Archie and Lilibet.  Suzanne Roynon, an expert interiors therapist and Feng Shui consultant spoke to Express.co.uk to offer her opinions on the inside of Frogmore Cottage. Ms Roynon suggested: “Harry and Meghan are clearly drawn to neutral colours which are known to provide a sense of calm and security. “From the few images available of the interior of Frogmore Cottage on Princess Eugenie’s Instagram feed, and by comparing the décor with the Duke and Duchess’s new home in Montecito, California, both couples are comfortable with a palette of white, cream and grey." According to the interior therapist, Eugenie and Jack did alter the living space at Frogmore during their time at the Windsor property.  READ MORE: Sarah Ferguson praised for 'age appropriate' look Ms Roynon added: “Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank will have added their own personal touches to the space. "But the original relaxed and elegant styling decisions made by Meghan and Harry are likely to remain at the core of the design scheme. “They provide a tasteful, soft base which would work in any home.” The Princess of York reportedly showed the "importance of her anti-slavery message" throughout the home.  Ms Roynon said: “With her love of art and a keen interest in her charity work, the snippets we’ve seen online of Princess Eugenie’s former home reveal the importance of a comfortable, homely family space encompassing her ethical perspective and the importance of her anti-slavery message. “She and her husband have worked hard to establish a warm and friendly environment for their son and seem to have rebalanced the home either by accident or design to support the Feng Shui and reduce the impact of the ‘Bad for People’ energy." If Harry and Meghan do come to King Charles' coronation, the expert argues that Frogmore Cottage will "welcome" the couple after being occupied by Jack and Eugenie. Ms Roynon explained: “I predict Frogmore Cottage will provide a welcome base for Harry, Meghan, Archie and Lilibet for at least part of their coronation visit, and they will be happy to know their home is in safe hands.” 