Arsenal sporting director Edu is reportedly weighing up a late bid for Leicester City midfielder Youri Tielemans. The Gunners have been knocked back twice in their pursuit of top target Moises Caicedo, and Tielemans could be a cheaper option as he approaches the end of his contract at the King Power Stadium. Mikel Arteta's Arsenal side are currently five points clear at the top of the Premier League table, despite having played one game fewer than nearest challengers Manchester City. Recruits have been sought out this month to add squad depth and consolidate their position. Leandro Trossard and Jakub Kiwior were snapped up to provide back-up in wide areas and at centre-back respectively, but central midfield remains a problem area, particularly with Mohamed Elneny's injury threatening to sideline him for the remainder of the season. The Gunners have twice approached Brighton in an attempt to sign Caicedo, but their bids have been rejected immediately on both occasions, with the last proposition totalling £70million. READ MORE: Transfer news LIVE - Man Utd block deal, Enzo Fernandez to Chelsea Arsenal are running out of time to bring in a new face with Tuesday's deadline fast approaching. They are expected to make a move for Tielemans in the summer, when the Foxes star will be out of contract and at liberty to leave on a free transfer. However, the Gunners could swoop ahead of schedule to make sure they are well-stocked heading into the latter part of the campaign. According to 90min, Edu is weighing up whether to do just that, but Leicester's precarious Premier League position means it would take a 'huge' bid to get it done. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart That being said, with just a matter of months left on Tielemans' contract, a deal would likely come in at a fraction of Caicedo's touted £75m price tag. Arsenal are rumoured to be positioning for a third pop at signing the Ecuadorian but Brighton have so far maintained that he is concretely not for sale. Tielemans has been virtually ever-present since signing for the Foxes in 2018, racking up almost 200 appearances, including 20 in the Premier League this term. Leicester's reluctance to sell is understandable given that they are only one point above the relegation zone, although the threat of losing him for free could force their hand if the right offer arrives.  Arsenal are thought to be keeping tabs on other back-up options including Vitoria Guimaraes youngster Ibrahima Bamba, whose agent was recently in London, and Martin Zubimendi, who impressed during Real Sociedad's goalless draw at the Bernabeu on Sunday evening. On the Gunners' midfield situation, Arteta said earlier this month: "There are concerns. Mo [Elneny] is a player who never complains about anything but let's see. We need some more cover in midfield, ideally, if we can. But this market is complicated. But as I always say, the most important thing is we get the performances and the time on the pitch with the players we already have on the pitch are really good."