Former Arsenal defender Hector Bellerin may have handed Tottenham Hotspur a huge favour in their hopes of signing Pedro Porro from Sporting Lisbon on deadline day. Spurs are finally set to reinforce Antonio Conte's defence for the second half of the season after reportedly agreeing a deal for Porro. Gianluca Di Marzio, among other reputable sources, reports that Tottenham have now reached an agreement with Sporting for the £36m transfer of Porro. Club president Frederico Varandas informed the 23-year-old that he would be allowed to leave after Saturday's Portuguese League Cup final. And Bellerin has done his part to help Arsenal's bitter north London rivals secure their priority transfer target before tomorrow's 11pm deadline. According to Relevo, Sporting have agreed personal terms with the Spaniard and remain in talks to shake on a loan deal with Barcelona. They initially wanted to sign Tariq Lamptey on loan from Brighton and Hove Albion, but they saw an offer rejected and couldn't afford the 21-year-old's transfer fee. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Sky Sports News added that Porro didn't train with the Portuguese giants today as he pushes to complete a Premier League switch. And it now looks like a deal is likely once again after Sporting moved the goalposts with their demands for the former Manchester City star. If Porro remains at Sporting beyond the winter deadline, it would likely spell the end of Bellerin's hopes of a Barcelona exit as he searches for regular minutes. The 27-year-old has struggled for game time since returning to the Nou Camp last summer, making just seven appearances this season and three in La Liga. DON'T MISS: Chelsea could 'pull off Mudryk' repeat if Enzo Fernandez bid fails  As they continue to attempt to bring a new right-back in within the next 27 hours, Spurs are also expected to offload one. Djed Spence is reportedly closing in on a loan move to Ligue 1 club Stade Rennais, which would see him play in France for the remainder of the season. But Conte is eager to upgrade the area, with neither Matt Doherty nor Emerson Royal able to cement a spot since he replaced Nuno Espirito Santo in the dug-out. And Porro is set to be the man he has landed on, with the transfer now primed to be complete before the deadline. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here