King Charles III and the Queen Consort light a candle at Buckingham Palace, London, to mark Holocaust Memorial Day, alongside Holocaust survivor Dr Martin Stern and a survivor of the Darfur genocide, Amouna Adam, today. Queen Camilla looked beautiful as she paid her respects in a navy blue dress. Today is Holocaust Memorial Day, and the King and Queen Consort met two genocide survivors to honour the poignant day. The royal couple met one Holocaust survivor, and the other individual was a Darfur survivor. King Charles and Camilla met the survivors at Buckingham Palace today. They lit a candle to mark Holocaust Memorial Day on the 78th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau Nazi death camp. Queen Camilla, 75, wore a navy blue, long-sleeved, knee-length dress which looked elegant. The dress featured six rows of material on the front in different lengths to add some lovely character to the dress. READ MORE: Queen Camilla's friendship with key royal might be 'tested' - claims This material continued around Camilla's collar, as well as the cuffs of her sleeves. She also wore her iconic black suede boots, which she has worn many times before. The boots were designed by Russell and Bromley, and the Queen Consort wears them every single winter season. To accessorise, Camilla wore her clip-on pearl earrings, which she also wore on her wedding day to King Charles in 2005. Although it is not confirmed which brand created the earrings, we know they are clip-on jewels because the Queen Consort's ears remain unpierced. She has this in common with other royals such as Princess Beatrice, who frequently wears clip-on earrings.  Although Queen Camilla loves to wear her Fitbit watch, today she just wore her plain black strap watch. She also accessorised with one of her favourite bracelets - her Van Cleef and Arpels’ signature Magic Alhambra bracelet. Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox has spoken to Express.co.uk about Camilla's love of Van Cleef and Arpels' jewellery. She said: "Queen Camilla is very fond of the brand. In fact, before King Charles’ accession, she already owned a splendid collection. READ MORE: Two very different royal homes show 2023's biggest interior trends "Her favourite set is Van Cleef and Arpels’ signature Magic Alhambra collection. "Frequently seen with her blue and gold Alhambra bracelet, the emotional value the jewellery holds to the British Queen is unclear. "However, it is very clear she is head over heels for the brand." The Queen Consort could also be seen wearing her beautiful engagement ring. Bestowed unto Camilla Parker-Bowles in 2005, this royal family heirloom is shrouded in mystery. The Queen Mother was pictured wearing the dazzling piece in 1980, but who owned the ring previously or where it was made is not known. Claire Beatson, the General Manager of lab-grown engagement ring brand Nightingale said: “The Queen Consort’s engagement ring is said to have come straight from the Queen Mother’s collection. "It features a five-carat emerald cut diamond with additional baguette-cut diamonds acting as side stones.” 