Manchester United may have their work cut out trying to sign Randal Kolo Muani from Eintracht Frankfurt during the January transfer window not only because Chelsea have reportedly matched their interest, but also because the striker's preference could leave both Premier League sides out of luck. Kolo Muani's rise has been a remarkable one having played primarily for Nantes' B team until the 2020/21 season. A solid goals haul for the first team last campaign earned him a summer move to the Bundesliga and he has not looked back since. The 24-year-old appeared three times at the World Cup for France, scoring once and very nearly grabbing a dramatic winning goal in the final against Argentina. He has also set the Bundesliga assists charts alight this term, notching nine in 13 games with five goals to boot. It is therefore no surprise that top clubs have sat up and taken note, with Chelsea and Man Utd among those credited with interest in the Frankfurt forward. READ MORE: Man Utd fans tell the Glazers their No 1 target to replace Ronaldo However, according to ESPN, Kolo Muani's preference would be to see out the season with his current club. Patience may not bring Chelsea or United any luck, either, amid claims that his long-term plan is to stay in Germany with either Bayern Munich or Borussia Dortmund. Kolo Muani is not thought to have a release clause in his Frankfurt contract and the German side would supposedly demand £80million for any club to take him off their hands in January, just a matter of months after snapping up the forward on a superb free transfer from Nantes. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE United are in the market for a striker following Cristiano Ronaldo's bitter exit from Old Trafford, which has left Erik ten Hag scrambling to find a replacement. However, a huge spend during the summer means that the club are more likely to pursue loan opportunities, with Joao Felix among the proposed targets. Chelsea may also move to bolster their attacking options before the end of the month with Armando Broja out injured and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang struggling to deliver. The former Arsenal star was substituted against Manchester City on Thursday despite coming on as a sub himself earlier in the game and some believe that his days at Stamford Bridge are numbered. "As for Aubameyang, the punt at the time was worth it," wrote former Premier League striker Stan Collymore on Twitter. "Now? Get rid ASAP before he has any influence over the dressing room. Has no place at a GP [Graham Potter] Chelsea whatsoever. "Pay him up if necessary. Will only go south fast now. Probably in a gold Lamborghini." Chelsea already have an agreement in place to sign another prolific Bundesliga forward, Christopher Nkunku, at the end of the season.