Camila Giorgi has claimed she is vaccinated and only her dodgy doctor is “in trouble” after the Italian star was caught up in an investigation into fake Covid passes at the Australian Open. “I’m not in danger,” she insisted. “I did everything that they asked, the Australian government.” Novak Djokovic, who has publicly refused a vaccination, was sensationally deported from Melbourne last January after trying to enter on an exemption. And world No 70 Giorgi is now among hundreds of people - including rap singer Madame - caught up in a probe by Italian prosecutors into a scam to provide false paperwork to obtain the Green Pass which allowed Italians to travel abroad. Giorgi’s personal doctor Daniela Griffone was charged by Italian police in Vicenza last February for providing false paperwork to claim people had been vaccinated. And Grillone told Italian newspaper Corriere del Veneto: “I can confirm with absolute certainty that none of the vaccines against the Giorgi family have actually been administered. I am deeply upset and sorry for my actions.” But after her 6-0 6-1 first-round win over Russian Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, Giorgi stated she had only one vaccination with Grillone and had followed the rules. “I just did all my vaccination in different places,” she said. “I did just once vaccination with her, and the other ones I did with other doctors. DON'T MISS: Medvedev angrily swears at fan during Aus Open and forces apology “So the trouble is hers. Not me. So with that, I'm very calm. Of course, if not, I couldn't come here and play this tennis, I think. I'm not in danger. Not at all. She's in trouble. The doctor has been investigated, and she had troubles this year with the law a few times. “She put out my name, of course, but there are more than 300 people whose names she gave. It's not my problem. It's her problem.” The Italian was repeatedly questioned on the issue in her post-match press conference - and struggled to respond in English. MUST READ...Morgan Riddle talks Netflix and life on tour with Fritz - EXCLUSIVEEmma Raducanu gushes over Coco Gauff and admits to sponsor mistakesIga Swiatek shakes finger at fan after ball thrown in Australian Open Asked if she knew the vaccine administered by Grillone was real, Giorgi said: “Of course. I did all the vaccinations, yes. I did the vaccination. Thank you.” Italian rapper and singer-songwriter Madame - real name is Francesca Calearo - revealed earlier this month she has now been vaccinated after being investigated and then speaking to doctors. Madame, 21, had faced exclusion from the Sanremo Song Festival next month. After admitting she had used the bogus scheme to avoid vaccination, Madame explained on social media: “I was born and raised in a family that for various reasons began to doubt doctors and traditional medicine and looked towards alternative research.”