A murder investigation has been launched after a man in his 50s was discovered dead in Newcastle on Friday night. He was found on a grassy area with "facial injuries" said to be "consistent with having been assaulted". Police rushed to the scene in the Brigham Avenue area in Kenton at 8.20pm after contacted by the ambulance service. Medics tried to save the man but he was pronounced dead on the scene and police officers have said his family are receiving support. Police initially treated the death as "unexplained" but this morning confirmed it is now being considered a suspected murder. Northumbria Police Detective Chief Inspector Martin Brooks said: "We are determined to find out exactly what has happened here and get the man's family the answers they rightly deserve. "We believe the man was seriously assaulted on Friday night and whoever was responsible for inflicting those injuries has then left the scene. "We are carrying out a huge range of enquiries in order to trace anyone believed to have been responsible. "Those enquiries will continue throughout the course of today and officers remain in the area to gather evidence and speak to those living in the area." Police encourage anyone with concerns to speak to an on duty officer and have called for the public's help. DCI Brooks added: "I am again asking for the public's help in this investigation. If you saw anything suspicious in that area on Friday night, or saw a person or people heading away from the scene, let us know.  "Please also check any CCTV or dashcam footage if you live or were driving near that area. Your information could prove the key to our investigation." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: express.co.uk/news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @daily_express 