Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has spoken out following his side’s 3-0 win over Bournemouth on Tuesday night. Casemiro opened the scoring in the 23rd minute, expertly volleying home after a free kick from Christian Eriksen. And Luke Shaw and Marcus Rashford then struck in the second half to make the points safe. Manchester United had gone into their clash with Bournemouth hoping to continue their resurgence under Ten Hag, having lost just one of their last 15 matches before kick off. Eyebrows were raised following the Dutchman’s team selection, with both Harry Maguire and Donny van de Beek coming in. But United were impressive again and cruised to victory to boost their chances of returning to the Champions League following their absence from the competition this year. Casemiro set them on their way to victory in the 23rd minute, volleying home after a good free kick from Eriksen. And Shaw and Rashford then chipped in with further goals to make it a straightforward evening at the office. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big Now, speaking after the game, Ten Hag has elaborated on his side’s victory - insisting they weren’t always ‘smart’ throughout the contest. “I’m happy with the result. Today it was not our best game. We have to be honest, we didn't play that smart as a team,” he said. “We made great goals, but at times we were quite lucky, and some great saves from David [de Gea]. We could have been smarter as a team. "There were big spaces at 2-0 up, sometimes we have to keep the ball and recognise when to go for goal. That is the next step. “It is always good to win 3-0. It was a great performance for the crowd, with scoring opportunities for both goals. To win 3-0 is always good. "We have to go from game-to-game. The next game is a cup one, but we want to win every game. That has to be the approach. We don't want to look any further, focus on that, it will be a tough game. We need every energy in the preparation and when we kick off on Friday night." “We could have conceded too but great saves from David de Gea, I am not happy with that. It is something we have to avoid." DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Van de Beek showed signs of promise for United during his time on the pitch but was forced off following a horror tackle from Bournemouth star Marcos Senesi. However, Ten Hag revealed it ‘wasn’t looking good’ for the player after his latest blow. “We have to wait 24 hours,” he added. Another United man who spoke out following the win was David De Gea, with the Spain international managing to keep a ninth clean sheet from his last 14 matches. And the Spain international was full of praise for his team, admitting he was delighted with the way his team-mates performed. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here "We played really well and scored from a free-kick and in the second-half, in the first 15 to 20 minutes we controlled the game well,” he told BBC Sport. “But after the second goal they had some counter attacks where there was space in the middle of the pitch and we cannot concede clear chances but I made some saves and we got the three points in the end. "Everyone is really focused. We changed both centre backs and they played really well. The feeling the dressing room is that everyone wants to win and go the same way. "We go game by game. We have another big game against Everton on Friday in the FA Cup. “I think the team was a bit tired at the end but we go again and will try to win." Defender and goalscorer Shaw was also quizzed on the way United performed. And when asked if his goal or clean sheet meant more, he quipped: : "I don't get many, especially with my right foot, so I will have to go with the goal tonight!" Shaw also said: "A really good result. At times we got sloppy and conceded chances but David de Gea was amazing and made a number of good saves. It kept us ahead in the game and the clean sheet. "It is always good to be able to try out new positions and I really enjoyed it. I will play wherever and whenever the team needs me. Back to left-back tonight and pleased to get on the scoresheet. "The strides we are taking are going in the right direction. There is still a lot to improve on but things are really positive and we feel the confidence and belief is back. You feel it on the training ground, in the stadium and hopefully the fans are enjoying it."