NCIS LA was the NCIS franchise's first spin-off on CBS, introducing Agents Callen (played by Chris O'Donnell), Sam Hanna (LL Cool J), Kensi Blye (Daniela Ruah) and operations manager Hetty Lange (Linda Hunt). Since then, the team has expanded with viewers getting to know more about the characters with every episode. But it is the end of an era as the network revealed season 14 is going to be NCIS LA's last outing. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from NCIS Los Angeles. NCIS Los Angeles first made its debut in September 2009 and when it is done and dusted with, there will have been 322 episodes in total. Season 14 is going to consist of 20 episodes with NCIS LA's final episode given the release date of Sunday, May 14, 2023. The police procedural was last seen on January 15 for the episode Best Seller but hasn't been on air since. According to its IMDb page, NCIS Los Angeles series 14 will continue on Sunday, February 19, for an episode called In The Name of Honor. READ MORE: Happy Valley's James Norton pays tribute to 'best' co-star Given this would be episode 12, there will be a few more weeks worth of hiatuses to come before the grand finale. For those living in the UK, the wait is going to be a lot longer for the final episode to air. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 has only just started airing across the pond, premiering on Sunday, January 22, on Sky Max. The series started in the USA in October 2022 so given the delayed release date, UK viewers can expected season 14, episode 20, to air sometime in late 2023. The announcement came as a shock to many, given the success following the NCIS three-way crossover special. The three-hour event saw the stars of NCIS, NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS Hawaii come together for an investigation that impacted them all. Deadline speculated the cancellation could have been because the spin-off has a "big price tag" and the network needs to make spending cuts. Some of the stars have taken to social media to express their sadness that NCIS LA has been axed. DON'T MISS...Our Yorkshire Farm emergency as air ambulance rushes to Ravenseat [EXPLAINER]NCIS fans 'work out' Nick Torres exit twist as 'replacement' joins  [SPOILER]NCIS Hawaii season 2: Fans ‘disappointed’ as character goes missing [REACTION] Kensi Blye star Daniela Ruah wrote: "From season one to season 14, from 24 yrs old to 39, it has been an absolute dream. "So many feelings to process and too many words to say. I will save them for a later date… "I'm so so grateful to have been a part of this NCISLA family. The show lasted this long because of all of you." Whereas Marty Deeks star Eric Christian Olsen simply said: "What a spectacular journey we all shared." Agent Sam Hanna actor LL Cool J put more of a positive spin on the long-running drama finishing, teasing there is more from him to come. He said: "After 14 seasons, this is the perfect time to end @ncisla on top of our game! "More exciting announcements and dates ahead!" There is also the next spin-off NCIS Sydney to look forward to but few details have come out on this new season just yet. NCIS Los Angeles season 14 continues every Sunday on CBS in the USA and every Sunday on Sky Max in the UK.