However, Jeremy Clarkson looks set to be staying on the ITV quiz show Who Wants to be a Millionaire despite the backlash from his column. The former Top Gear host will be back in the hot seat welcoming new contestants in the coming weeks. Lost in TV, a live audience service which allows fans to book tickets to sit in the studio has shared an advert for the ITV series. Who Wants to be a Millionaire has been listed to be filming in the next month. Fans are currently able to apply for tickets for filming taking place on February 10, 12 and 13. The listing reads: “Britain’s best-loved classic quiz, Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? is back with its host, Jeremy Clarkson, and you could be in the studio audience! READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row “How would you enjoy voting, when the Ask The Audience lifeline is used? “Would you like to see Britain’s brightest brains win Fastest Finger first and try and win a million pounds? “Then, this is your chance to come and feel the atmosphere of the world’s most famous quiz show.” The advert added the recording will last around two hours and audience members should be 18 and over. It also appears to confirm Jeremy will be back as the host. It comes after ITV boss Kevin Lygo stated he the broadcaster has “no control” over what the controversial host says. He stated to Variety: “I would say what he writes in a newspaper column… We have no control over what he says.” Dame Carolyn McCall added they “no way endorsed” what was written about Meghan Markle. DON'T MISS...Andrew Neil rips into Jeremy Clarkson over 'nasty' Meghan column [VIDEO]Piers Morgan thought Clarkson 'punch in head' was 'reasonable' [INSIGHT]Jeremy Clarkson's apology over Meghan remarks only 'teased readers' [LATEST] On January 16, Jeremy issued a full apology on his Instagram account revealing he had apologised to Prince Harry and his wife, the Duchess of Sussex. He wrote: “One of the strange things I’ve noticed in recent times is that whenever an MP or a well-known person is asked to apologise for something, no matter how heartfelt or profound that apology may be, it’s never enough for the people who called for it in the first place. “So I’m going to try and buck the trend this morning with an apology for the things I said in a Sun column recently about Meghan Markle. I really am sorry. “All the way from the balls of my feet to the follicles on my head. This is me putting my hands up. Its a mea culpa with bells on. “Usually, I read what I’ve written to someone else before filing, but I was home alone on that fateful day, and in a hurry. “So when I’d finished, I just pressed send. And then, when the column appeared the next day, the land mine exploded.” Jeremy added he was “mortified” and described his comments as “disgraceful” and he was “profoundly sorry”.