Jeremy Renner, 51, was airlifted to hospital with critical injuries on New Year's Day following a horrific accident with a snow plough. The Marvel star's sister has issued an update on her brother's health, admitting that he is "crushing" his recovery after going through two surgeries in recent days. Jeremy took to Instagram in the early hours to share a bruised and bloodied selfie of himself from his hospital bed, while also sharing an update to his 18.8 million followers. He captioned the post: "Thank you all for your kind words. I'm too messed up now to type. But I send love to you all." (sic) The Hawkeye star was met with thousands of comments of support, with the actor's sister even sharing a further update on her brother to a US radio channel. Kym told CBS13 on Tuesday: "If anyone knows Jeremy, he is a fighter and doesn't mess around. READ MORE: Ant McPartlin’s ex-wife Lisa sparks concern with cryptic post "He is crushing all the progress goals. We couldn't feel more positive about the road ahead." Precise details of what happened were unknown until Washoe County Sheriff Darin Balaam spoke in a press conference on Tuesday. He revealed that the Hollywood actor used his PistenBully snowplough to help a family member who had gotten a vehicle stuck in the snow. After successfully towing the stranded vehicle, he got out of his PistenBully to speak to the relative and the machinery started to roll. He said: "In an effort to stop the rolling PistenBully, Mr Renner attempts to get back into the driver seat of the PistenBully. "Based on our investigation, it’s at this point that Mr Renner is run over by the PistenBully." Jeremy's family had been visiting for a New Year's celebration but the high-altitude hamlet near Mount Rose, Nevada, where he lives had been buried under five feet of snow. The actor, who owns his own fire truck, plough and other heavy machinery took a snowcat to help clear the way for some of the snow early hours of New Year's Day. DON'T MISS... Jonathan Ross says daughter Betty, 31, is now in wheelchair [COMMENT] Police find body in search for BBC editor Aled Glynne Davies [LATEST] James Corden admits he is 'excited and scared' to return to UK [INSIGHT]  A publicist for Jeremy said in a statement Monday that he had "returned from surgery and remains in the intensive care unit in critical but stable condition". He said that the two-time Oscar nominee "suffered blunt chest trauma and orthopaedic injuries". He also added that Jeremy's family would like to "express their gratitude to the incredible doctors and nurses looking after him, Truckee Meadows Fire and Rescue, Washoe County sheriff, Reno City mayor Hillary Schieve and the Corano and Murdock families. "They are all tremendously overwhelmed and appreciative of the outpouring of love and support from his fans." Jeremy has had an extensive Hollywood career but is known widely by Marvel fans for playing Hawkeye, the shooting member of the Avengers squad. He received his Oscar nominations for Hurt Locker in 2010, with his portrayal as the bomb disposal specialist turning him into a household name. The Avengers in 2012 cemented him as part of Marvel's grand storytelling ambitions, with his character appearing in several sequels and getting its own Disney+ series, Hawkeye. While Jeremy is not currently married, he does have an ex-wife - Canadian model Sonni Pacheco, with whom he shares his nine-year-old daughter, Ava.