New research from travel agent, loveholidays, has named the best value destinations for British tourists. The company asked 2,000 holidaymakers to vote for their top picks based on first-hand knowledge. READ MORE: Expats in Portugal explain how it’s a financial ‘nightmare at times’  Spain’s sunny Costa del Sol took the top spot in the rankings as Europe’s best value destination for a holiday. Visit Costa del Sol says: “Coming to Malaga and Costa del Sol means finding beautiful landscapes, fabulous beaches, delicious food, interesting customs and traditions. “It means discovering a rich cultural heritage, amazing coastal areas, and charming white hinterland villages. “It is unveiling marvellous secrets that will make your stay unforgettable. Come visit us!” Britons could head to Marbella to enjoy stylish beach clubs, lively nightlife and stunning beaches. Estepona and Benalmadena are both well suited to families while Mijas is a great golfing destination. Lanzarote in Spain’s Canary Islands also made the list of best value European destinations for 2023. The sunny island is a great choice for any holidaymakers looking to catch some winter sun as it’s warm outside of peak season. READ MORE: Expats explain how life in Switzerland can feel ‘almost impossible’ The second best value destination was Kos in Greece, a gorgeous island with incredible beaches. One of the Dodecanese islands, Kos has a huge range of sandy beaches as well as ancient Agora ruins to explore. July and August are usually the warmest months on the island with an average daily max temperature of 35 degrees. Portugal took the third spot and the Algarve is known as a family-friendly beach destination as well as a premier golfing spot. Turkey and France also made the list and are both fantastic destinations for gourmets due to their world leading cuisine. Cyprus is another good-value destination on the list with Paphos taking the top spot within the country. The southwestern city is home to beautiful beaches and is known as the birthplace of the goddess Aphrodite. British tourists looking to travel further afield could check out holidays to Mexico and Thailand.