Speaking to Tom Bradby, Prince Harry compares his relationship with William, whilst growing up, to that of his two children's current relationship. Prince Harry, who shares son, Archie and daughter, Lilibet with Meghan Markle, told Mr Bradby: "The gap between me and William is very similar to Archie and Lili. "And to see Lili obsessed with Archie and Archie like 'no no, Lili, I need my space, I need my space', now I get it. "I get how irritating the younger sibling can be to the older sibling." He added: "In the moment, at the time, I didn't really grasp that and really realise it." Harry then declare that he has "always loved" his brother, William. READ MORE: Charles shrugs off Harry's bombshell interview as he's seen smiling at Sunday service Harry then discussed how, after the death of their mother, the two of them were "on different paths", adding they they dealt with a "similar traumatic experience" but coped with it in "two very different ways". He then discussed an argument that reportedly previously broke out between the two brothers regarding Africa. Mr Bradby added that William reportedly told Harry, "Africa's my thing, you can't have it" Mr Bradby stated that then Kate "came along" and discussed Harry's close relationship with his sister-in-law. He then added that Harry felt like Kate was "the sister you never had", to which Harry agrees. READ MORE: Harry reveals he insisted on seeing pictures of Diana dying in back of car after crash Harry and Meghan welcomed their son, Archie in May 2019, almost one year to the day after their wedding. The couple, along with Archie, moved to the US in 2020, a few months after their exit. The couple welcomed Lilibet in June 2021, two years after Archie's birth. DON'T MISS Prince Harry puts Meghan Markle and his children in 'immediate' danger [REPORT]Harry's royal revelations baffle Montecito neighbours [OPINION]Prince William told Harry he had been brainwashed by therapy [REVEALED] Prince Harry's interview comes after copies of his forthcoming memoir were leaked in Spain, days before its official global release. Harry's book will be released worldwide on January 10. A audiobook version will also be released on January 10, and will be read by Harry, himself.