Aries Your mind is filled with imaginative ideas for the year ahead. You won’t be able to put all of these into immediate action but you should not let them go to waste. Make copious notes for future reference or you will regret not having written them down as they came to you. Taurus Encouraging others to talk but saying nothing yourself will make them feel uncomfortable. When discussing future plans, be willing to compromise. It isn’t the time to drive a hard bargain. Save this for another time. Today, place your cards face up on the table. Gemini Hard work and determination will get results and getting results will enhance your reputation. News that reaches your ears suggests that changes are ahead. Not everyone knows about this. You may even wonder how correct the details happen to be. Remember: gossip can be deceptive.   Cancer You’re having a tough time putting thoughts into words because you still have to work out how you might achieve your goals. Let your family know what you are planning even if your plans are still vague. No one is going to try to talk you out of them. Leo Continue to be honest and open about your needs and feelings. Your family and close friends expect you to be truthful with them. If you hide your thoughts and motives, confusion will result. Keep the lines of communication open and there can be no misunderstandings. Virgo Normally you look for logical explanations to the problems you try to solve. Sometimes it is not analysis but intuition that has to guide you. You sense a deeper meaning to some events and experiences. Don’t be surprised if you feel drawn to a particular spiritual or religious practice.    Libra It will become apparent you have accepted a situation because it seemed to be the done-thing and now you are thinking very differently. If there are other views and perspectives to take into account, this would be a good time to think about them. Keep your own views to yourself. Scorpio In all matters that may have long-term consequences, you will need to look carefully at what you might be letting yourself in for. If you make the wrong decision, you could lose money or friends further down the line. Pause until you are more certain of the best way to go. Sagittarius You are attracted to the idea of travelling to exotic locations or to find volunteer work overseas. If you are single and free of encumbrances, you will soon be taking steps to initiate this new phase of your life. If you have other commitments, you will need to discuss your plans with a partner.   Capricorn Someone close is desperate for your company. The reason they are feeling neglected is that you have been spreading your time, lately, between home, work and social commitments. If you don’t start listening they will start to feel as if they don’t matter to you anymore. Aquarius It will be important for obvious reasons that any financial problems should be dealt with as soon as they arise. You know that burying your head in the sand is not the answer. Pay bills when they are due, avoid impulse buying and try to stay on top of finances. Pisces You have no problem dreaming of the happy future you hope to establish for yourself in 2023. You have always had a vivid imagination. Just take care that you do distinguish between real hope and pure fantasy or your dreams could lead you astray. 