The Brazilian went into the match knowing that one more booking would see him out of the visit to the Emirates Stadium, having already collected four yellows this season. And he managed to go almost the entire game without trouble. However, Palace winger Wilfried Zaha burst towards the United penalty area in a dangerous counter-attack that needed stopping. Casemiro lunged with both feet, catching Zaha high on his knee. The 30-year-old looked gutted as he returned to his feet, as referee Rob Jones produced a yellow card. Casemiro was perhaps fortunate it was not red given the force and height of the challenge. JUST IN: Man Utd player ratings - Wan-Bissaka stands out despite Palace draw It means that Casemiro - a key player for United this season - will now miss one of their most important games of the campaign. Despite drawing 1-1 with Palace, United will go into Sunday's game hoping to go a step closer to toppling league leaders Arsenal. Both Ten Hag and Fernandes appeared to know what a yellow card meant for Casemiro. Ten Hag stood in disbelief shaking his head. Stand-in captain Fernandes appeared to be gutted, throwing his arms into the air in exasperation before looking at Casemiro with dejection and disappointment etched across his face. Sky Sports pundit Jamie Redknapp said: "It could have been a red card, it was such a scandalous challenge. When he made it, you could just imagine Mikel Arteta dancing around his living room. There is nobody [in United's team] who can do what he does. DON'T MISS...Manchester United refuse to fully cave in with smart Garnacho offerCasemiro leaves United fans in stitches by posing with pitch invaderMan Utd stars Antony and Bruno Fernandes in furious exchange  Casemiro appeared to be fuming at Fernandes for giving the ball away before the incident. It also seemed as though Ten Hag was ready to take off the midfielder before he was booked, with Fred ready to come on. It was a frustrating evening for United. They failed to record 10 straight wins, which would have been a club record in the post-Sir Alex Ferguson era. The Red Devils struggled to put together a strong attack in the second half. Bruno Fernandes put the visitors ahead with a minute remaining of the first half. But David de Gea kept his side in the game with stunning saves from Odsonne Edouard and Marc Guehi. There was nothing the Spaniard could do about Michael Olise’s thumping free kick in second-half added time. The Palace starlet’s wonderful curling effort crashed in off the bar to salvage a point for the hosts.