Gary Neville has joked that he would sign a petition to stop him from commentating on matches involving Arsenal after the Gunners managed to beat Manchester United thanks to a last-minute goal on Sunday afternoon. Eddie Nketiah struck late for Mikel Arteta's side to register an important victory over the Red Devils and restore their five-point lead over Manchester City at the top of the Premier League table. United drew first blood early on via Marcus Rashford before Arsenal pulled ahead with goals from Nketiah and Bukayo Saka, although the Red Devils managed to equalise on the hour mark through Lisandro Martinez. It wasn't to be for United, though, as Nketiah popped up with his second of the match in the 90th minute to claim all three points for the Gunners at the Emirates Stadium.Neville was on co-commentary duties for the match with Sky Sports and was ridiculed by fans on social media after the final whistle, with a tweet calling for a petition to prevent the United legend from working on Arsenal games earning over 16,000 likes. The man himself wasted little time in chipping in with a reply, which read: "I will sign it! Thought I was fair yesterday as well," followed by a laughing emoji.A series of pictures circulated on Twitter on Sunday evening which appeared to show Neville with his head in his hands after Nketiah's late winner for Arsenal, although the 47-year-old quickly insisted that the images were not from the same match. JUST IN: Man Utd ‘bemused by Sky Sports error involving Weghorst' before defeat "That wasn’t yesterday in comms my friend," replied Neville after the photos were sent to him by a jubilant Arsenal supporter.Neville went on to deliver a highly complimentary assessment of Arsenal's performance, with the Gunners showing their mettle to fight back twice in order to seal a much-needed victory in their battle to stay ahead of the chasing pack at the top of the Premier League table. "I really enjoyed it," said Neville in his latest podcast for Sky Sports. "I just felt in the last half an hour, Arsenal had more quality. It felt like Arsenal were like they were maybe 20 years ago."When I was a player against them, I used to wish they'd shoot from distance or cross it, but they would play that extra pass to get it into wide positions. They would keep driving you into your box."I'd find myself getting deeper, narrower and under pressure. It just felt like the goal was coming. It was just wave after wave of attack, and it felt like that 20 years ago when you were playing against such a good Arsenal team." Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our Facebook group by clicking here.