Without doubt the country has a numeracy problem – eight million adults in England have the numeracy skills of a primary school pupil – however, forcing everyone to study maths until they are 18 won’t solve the problem, and with the distinct lack of specialist maths teachers – already almost half of all secondary schools are using non-specialist teachers for maths lessons – there simply isn’t the capacity to do so right now. However, even if we were awash with maths teachers the emphasis needs to be at the start of the learning process not at the end, as that is where the maths problems start. The attainment gap begins at the age of four, and by 16, 60 percent of disadvantaged pupils have no basic maths skills. I remember a maths teacher once telling me that if we made sure primary school pupils used numbers as often as they used letters our nation would have no difficulty with maths. Pupils need to enjoy maths at an early age, or at the very least not be frightened of it even if they don’t love it. Most importantly, maths needs to be made relevant by being linked to money and life skills rather than being too abstract. That in itself would make more children interested in the subject. And where pupils do show an interest and aptitude in maths, they should be persuaded of the merits of taking it at A-level, given decent career advice on the opportunities maths offers, from solving the energy crisis through nuclear fusion to unblocking hospital beds through mathematics modelling, and also informed of the earning possibilities from maths qualifications – which can be huge! We certainly need mathematicians – and Rishi Sunak is right to highlight the importance of maths – but trying to force pupils to study more maths after the age of 16 when they’ve failed to grasp the basics much earlier in life (and are already turned off the subject) is not the right solution. The focus on the extra maths lessons – and more relevant maths – needs to start much earlier. According to the Children’s Commissioner, almost a fifth of children leave education at 18 without a single basic qualification, and force-feeding two more years of maths down their throats isn’t going to help those pupils or lead to the desired effect. The country does needs to up its game – and we do need to catch up with the rest of the world – but the focus needs to be mainly on primary schools, not years down the line when it is already too late.  The high street is disappearing before our very eyes and no one seems to be taking much notice. Last year 50 shops a day closed – not helped by the excessive burden of business rates and energy costs. Losing high street outlets is more than just losing a shop, very often it is about losing the heart of a community. We need to stop the haemorrhaging of our shops and get our high street into emergency care. The Government and local councils can help by reducing the cost burdens and making the high streets more accessible, not least to drivers. But as customers, we all need to remember the old maxim “use them or lose them”.  For heaven’s sake, I wish Harry would just shut up. To hear him whining about William allegedly physically attacking him during a row over his marriage is pitiful. He needs to grow up, get a spine, and move on. Of course, he won’t because he is making a fortune from dishing the dirt on a family he seems to want to disown. I hope Harry feels all those pieces of silver are worth it. What a shock. The World Health Organization and its authoritarian devotees in this country are once again hoping to spread Covid fear and control your life. “Kraken”, we are now being told, is the most transmissible Covid variety yet, and so the clamour for restrictions on our lives starts again in earnest. This must be resisted at all costs. Haven’t these people already done enough damage to the country with their lockdown zealotry? 