But what we don’t hear of so regularly is the very real crisis in general practice. It is buckling under huge strain with patients finding it hard to get appointments, despite GPs seeing between 40 and 60 people a day. Figures show nearly 33 million GP consultations were delivered in November alone – 18 percent more than in November 2019 – and more than 41 percent of these on the same day they were booked. We are the first port of call for the increased rates of common viruses this winter. This is in addition to delivering vital winter immunisation programmes and interim care to the millions on waiting lists. Our workloads are ever-rising but we simply don’t have enough doctors to cope. This isn’t just a seasonal challenge, it’s the reality all year round. General practice has been overstretched, under-funded, and chronically understaffed for over a decade. The average full-time GP is caring for 120 more patients than in 2019. Yet over the same period, we have 737 fewer fully qualified, full-time equivalent GPs working in the NHS – despite being promised an additional 6,000 by 2024 in the Government’s manifesto. GPs are burning out under intense and sustained pressures, which is affecting the safety of the care we can deliver. This trend is likely to worsen, with our own surveys predicting a future mass exodus of 15,000 full-time equivalent GPs in the next five years. This is having a real impact on the time and care we want to deliver. But GPs are just as frustrated as patients when they can’t get an appointment. Politicians setting unrealistic targets for access to GP services won’t solve this problem, especially when services don’t have any resources to achieve it. It only serves to demoralise and blame GPs for things that are beyond our control. For more than a decade, the college’s calls to address the rapidly declining GP workforce and escalating workloads have fallen on deaf ears. Collective pressure must be put on the Government to act now to turn the tide. We must see a recruitment and retention strategy that goes above and beyond the 6,000 GPs promised in the Tory manifesto pledge. We need a review and revamp of retention schemes, to support GPs in danger of burnout to stay in the NHS and create a way to allow newly retired GPs to return. It is imperative we tackle the workload to make it safe for practitioners and patients. We also need funding to return to 11 percent of the total NHS spend, and a cut to bureaucracy so we can have more time with patients. Now is the time to rescue a neglected service, so we can once again meet the healthcare needs of our patients. If the pressures aren’t eased, the rest of the NHS will collapse.