The Royal Family have wished Sophie, the Countess of Wessex, a happy birthday as they commemorate the big day. Tweeting from their official Twitter account, a spokesperson wrote: "Wishing The Countess of Wessex a very Happy Birthday today. Thank you Connaught School for the lovely cake during HRH's visit yesterday!" To mark the occasion, Sophie attended Connaught Junior School in Bagshot on Thursday where she was presented with a birthday cake by the schoolchildren in Surrey. The mother-of-two was all smiles as she joined in with science, IT and Home Economics lessons before then planting a tree to mark The Queen's Green Canopy initiative. Sophie was also seen getting stuck into some baking as she donned a white apron over her deep blue striped dress. She was seen chatting away to some of the students as she got involved in the lesson. During the visit, she was joined on stage by a group of children who presented her with a birthday cake ahead of her 58th birthday tomorrow. Earlier in the day the Sophie had met with staff and patients to celebrate the refurbishment of Heatherwood Hospital in Ascot. And she looked delighted as she was handed a birthday card as she left the NHS hospital. Sophie was also handed a bouquet of white flowers, and looked glowing as she left the unit. While there, she toured the hospital's theatre suite, including the anesthetic room and recovery area. READ MORE: Prince Harry ‘living in a bubble’ - and ‘will learn the hard way’  She also met patients and their families, and was pictured having a chat with people sat in the hospital's waiting areas. The wife of Prince Edward, the late Queen's youngest son, also spent time chatting with nurses, health assistants and service chiefs. The royal has close personal ties to the Frimley Health, the NHS hospital Trust, which runs Heatherwood. Sophie gave birth to both of her children, Lady Louise Windsor, 19, and James, Viscount Severn, 15, at Frimley Park Hospital, which is also part of the healthcare group. DON'T MISS:Harry hits out over 'utter nonsense' claim made about Meghan [COMMENT]William and Kate show 'huge contrast' to Sussexes's 'narcissism' [INSIGHT]Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's titles in jeopardy, new poll shows [POLL]  Heatherwood is also just a short drive from her family's residence at Bagshot Park, a mansion rumoured to have as many as 120 rooms and be worth an estimated £30m, located on Bagshot Heath near Windsor. Last year marked one hundred years since the foundation of Heatherwood Hospital, and the Countess helped to cement another milestone in its history today. 