The annual safety check has been a mainstay of motoring life since being introduced in 1960 to ensure vehicles on UK roads are roadworthy. Yesterday (Wednesday, January 18) the Department for Transport (DfT) announced a consultation into the future of MOTs. Views are being sought to update MOT testing for cars, motorbikes and vans to ensure roadworthiness checks continue to balance costs on motorists while ensuring road safety, keeping up with advances in vehicle technology, and tackling vehicle emissions. The consultation added that “safety will be at the heart of the consultation to ensure continued confidence on the country’s roads”. When asked by ClickMechanic: “Would changing the frequency of MOTs from an annual test to a test every two years lead to an increase in dangerously unsafe vehicles on the road?” 93 percent agreed. Andrew Jervis, co-founder of ClickMechanic, said: “This news caused a furore when it first leaked out from Westminster last year. READ MORE: ‘Quickest and easiest’ ways to defrost car doors in the morning “We surveyed the qualified and vetted mechanics we work with to see what they thought of the situation - and the response that came back was firmly against the proposal.” Another proposal under review is delaying the first MOT from three to four years after a vehicle has been registered, which is already the case in Northern Ireland. MOTs currently cost £54.85 for a car and £29.65 for a motorcycle. Checks, which must be carried out at one of the 23,000 authorised test stations in the UK, cover items such as steering, brakes, emissions, tyres and lights. If a vehicle fails its MOT it can be retested within 10 days to gain a pass, once any issues have been rectified. DON'T MISSDrivers warned of huge car ownership changes as ULEZ expands [INSIGHT]Caravan and motorhome drivers warned of daily Clean Air Zone charges [WARNING]Drivers warned of major £2,500 fine for not clearing windscreen frost [SHOCKING] Failure to have a valid certificate can lead to a fine of up to £1,000. ClickMechanic’s Mr Jervis added: “The whole point of having an annual safety check is to ensure as many vehicles as possible on UK roads reach a basic standard of safety. “Extending that to every two years would be disastrous as it would increase the number of vehicles navigating this country’s highways that are in an unroadworthy state. “It’s also doubtful that it would save motorists any money, as testing less frequently is likely to result in minor problems becoming more serious issues and therefore costing more money to rectify.” READ MORE: Drivers told to use clever household item method on windscreen frost It is hoped that any changes to the MOT test for newly registered vehicles would save motorists across Great Britain around £100million a year. With the number of casualties in car collisions due to vehicle defects remaining low, Government analysis shows the change from three to four years for the first MOT should not impact road safety. Any changes to the MOT will be supported by an information campaign led by the Department for Transport and the DVSA to inform drivers of the updates to MOTs and remind them of their responsibility to keep vehicles roadworthy. Reacting to the consultation, Louise Thomas, car insurance expert at Confused.com, said: “Motoring costs have a huge part to play in the increased cost of living at the moment. “So drivers will be pleased to hear of these potential changes to MOT laws, which could lighten the strain on their pockets. “However, our research reveals that nearly one in four are willing to sacrifice a vehicle service to save a bit of money. “It’s important that drivers don't skip services when they need them. This will be especially important if MOT services extend from yearly to every other year. “If you're worried about a problem with your car, have it serviced as soon as you can. That way, you are less likely to face problems and higher costs when your MOT comes around.”