In 2021, ITV fans tuned in to watch Bradley Walsh and Sabrina Bartlett star in The Darling Buds of May remake. With the second season coming to an end last year, many were looking forward to seeing what Pop and Ma Larkin would be getting up to in the next series. Although actor Bradley Walsh confessed why people may be waiting a while. The second series of The Larkins was full of drama, romance and new characters as a new family was welcomed to the picturesque Kent village. The Jerebohm family caused quite a stir for The Larkin clan as viewers saw Pop land in big trouble after selling them Bluff Court, which without their knowledge was falling into disrepair. Fans also got to see oldest daughter Mariette Larkin return from her romantic getaway with love interest Charlie (Tok Stephen). Although the series kept the nation entertained at the end of last year, there’s been speculation that there won’t be another season anytime soon. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill'   Appearing on Tuesday’s instalment of This Morning, he spoke to hosts Phil Schofield and Holly Willoughby on the show’s cancellation. Holly said: “There was something you wanted to clear up and clarify and this is of course The Larkins. “There were reports last year that series two might be the last, but you want to clear that up.” Bradley revealed that he has had calls over speculation about the ITV show ending over viewing figures.   He commented: “The viewing figures were absolutely fine, there was nothing wrong with the viewing figures they were fantastic, in comparison to the first series it all went well. “It’s a 14-week shoot, I haven’t got time to do that this year, I actually don’t have 14 weeks. “It's down to me not anything else that we may not be able to.” The actor revealed at the moment, the bosses are trying to get the cast together in order to film a special. DON'T MISS... Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [VIDEO] Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant [ROYAL] Death in Paradise’s Ralf Little brands Marlon Pryce star ‘annoying [INSIGHT]   He added: “So that’s what it’s all about, The Larkins is a fantastic show. Barns (his son Barney) worked on that with me as well. “I just loved it, it was brilliant. They were heartwarming and it was just fantastic. “It's purely down to the fact that I have not got the time to make another series at the moment.” At the end of the second series, fans saw Ma learn that Pop had been set up by the Jerebohms as they blackmailed the magistrate Sprague.   Speaking about Pinkie Jerebohm, actress Morgana Robinson stated she likes to mess with people, similar to a cat who toys with a mouse before eating it. She said: “She likes to toy, she likes to toy with people, I think she gets off on it, so I think that’s quite fun to watch. “She’s straight in there teasing everyone and all the villagers, she takes no prisoners that’s for sure.” This Morning continues weekdays on ITV from 10am  