Sky Sports have axed Formula One pundits Johnny Herbert and Paul di Resta from their coverage in 2023. The confirmation comes after Herbert had posted a seemingly cryptic farewell message on his Instagram page earlier today stating he would miss his colleagues. The duo have been part of the broadcasters' coverage for some time but will pursue other opportunities next season. Herbert enjoyed a successful career with Formula One, making 160 race starts between 1989 and 2000, claiming three race wins and securing a place on the podium seven times. He represented seven different teams across his 12 seasons in the sport including Benetton, Lotus and Sauber.He enjoyed his best season in 1995 as Michael Schumacher's team mate, finishing 4th in the driver's championship after claiming race wins at the British and Italian Grand Prix. The German claimed his second title in the same year. He forged a successful career in the media in the years since, joining Sky Sports after they bought the broadcast rights to the championship in 2012. He has been a regular on screens, often coming into direct conflict with fellow pundits like Martin Brundle and Jenson Button. Di Resta joined the broadcaster in 2016 following four seasons in the sport with Force India between 2010 and 2013. However, they will no longer be part of Sky's coverage next season with the broadcaster confirming their departures and wishing them both all the best for the future. It is said to be a mutual decision. READ MORE: Pierre Gasly and Martin Brundle set to agree on major F1 rules change A Sky Sports spokesperson said: “Johnny has been an integral part of our Formula 1 team since the very first season on Sky Sports in 2012. We will miss his humour and big personality and thank him for his energy and enthusiasm over the last 11 years. Everyone wishes him all the best for the future.” Earlier in the day, Herbert had hinted that he would be leaving Sky with a post on his Instagram page. The Brit posted a picture of him alongside his colleagues with the caption: “Going to miss this team.” Many of the Sky team sent him heartfelt farewell messages. Presenter Natalie Pinkham wrote: "Johnny, love you forever ever" while reporter Rachel Brookes said: "Not as much as we will miss you! Thank you for everything and being such a lovely 'TV husband' - won't be the same without you." DON'T MISSFerrari reach FIA agreement despite Scuderia's Red Bull fears Mercedes seek Lewis Hamilton and FIA summit to prevent F1 ban for Brit FIA boss issues Lewis Hamilton threat after controversial rule change Fellow racer Naomi Schiff also added her voice to the chorus of well-wishers, commenting: "We're gonna miss you the most Johnny. Had so much fun with you. What a kind soul!" The Sky Sports F1 line-up for 2023 will consist of: Jenson Button, Nico Rosberg, Naomi Schiff, Martin Brundle, Damon Hill, Karun Chandhok, Anthony Davidson, Natalie Pinkham, Ted Kravitz, Danica Patrick, Simon Lazenby, David Croft and Rachel Brookes. The first race will take place in Bahrain on March 5 with pre-season testing a week earlier.