Zara Tindall and Mike Tindall tied the knot in Edinburgh on July 30, 2011. What was the bride's "something blue"? It wasn't a traditional choice for a royal. Weddings can be steeped in tradition - and royal weddings are certainly no different. Hitched explained why brides typically wear "something blue" on their big day. "'Something blue’ originates from a rhyme that’s said to bring brides good luck – ‘something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue’," Htched experts stated. "The idea dates back to ancient folklore, but it was popularised by the Victorians, who also added an extra ‘and a sixpence in her shoe’ line to attract prosperity. READ MORE: Meghan wore 'big deal' designer dress but she said it was 'too short' "Each line of the rhyme is said to bestow blessings on different elements of the upcoming marriage." According to the website, the colour blue is associated with "purity and fidelity", and is also thought to "ward off the 'evil eye". A bride's "something blue" is traditionally a garter, but what did the Queen's granddaughter go for when she said "I do"? In conversation with The Sunday Times, Zara revealed that her "something blue" was her "electric" pedicure, as described by the publication. However, Zara's blue toes were not on display to the world or her wedding guests on July 30, 2011. The royal wore a floor-length gown and underneath this, some pointed-toe white shoes. Two days after the nuptials, the publication reported Zara "wiggling her toes in brightly coloured Havaianas flip-flops". Bold and bright nail polish is not typically seen on members of the Royal Family. READ MORE: Camilla and Beatrice refuse to get involved in popular royal trend In fact, the royals tend to step out at public engagements in nude or pale pink shades. Daena Borrowman, PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox, previously told Express.co.uk: "Royal women have favoured nude shades of nail paint over bright or dark nail paint. Sheer whites and light pinks have been long favoured." A firm favourite of Queen Elizabeth II's was Essie’s ‘Ballet Slippers’, which somewhat became part of HRH's royal wardrobe. Kate, Meghan and Zara all wore nude polish on their fingers on their wedding days, with The Sunday Times describing Zara's as "princessy pink". However, Meghan and Kate have both been spotted sporting dramatic red nail polish on their toenails on occasion. As for Zara's “something borrowed”, this was her mother Princess Anne's tiara. Her “something old” was a pair of diamond earrings, whilst her “something new” was her gorgeous yet understated dress by designer Stewart Parvin. At her wedding on April 29, 2011, Kate's "something blue" was a subtle blue ribbon stitched into her dress.