Rita Ora, 32, blasted rumours she is in a throuple with her partner, filmmaker Taika Waititi, 47, and Thor actress Tessa Thompson, 39. The singer branded the claims as “absurd" as she explained why she chose not to address them when pictures of her kissing Tessa surfaced back in May 2021. In the photographs, which were taken during Rita’s trip to Sydney, Australia, the music star could be seen kissing and cuddling with Tessa, while Taika wraps his arms around both of them. Rita said: “I just chose to not acknowledge that because it's ridiculous. “I think when some things are so absurd, and it's hard to fathom any sense of it, you just have to ignore it. “I’ve taken that approach for a lot of things, because you don't want to put energy towards something that's nonexistent.” The Anywhere hitmaker added in a new interview with British GQ: “It's like trying to explain something that didn't happen means you're feeding into nothing." Rita was once again shrouded by speculation last year after it was reported she and Taika had tied the knot in a secret ceremony. The pair were said to have wed in the summer in London, something they have not personally confirmed. Express.co.uk have contacted the pair’s representatives for comment. However, Rita has been outspoken about her relationship and her thoughts on getting married, which she described as a “dream”. She said: “Getting engaged has definitely been a conversation. I’m happy. “Getting married is something I’ve dreamed of since I was a kid, and he definitely is a great human. He’s awesome. “I’ve reached a point where I’m very much contained and settled,” added in an interview with Louis Theroux that was filmed before the purported wedding. DON'T MISSDenise Welch fumes as Meghan's blamed for Morgan and Clarkson sacking [LATEST]Debbie McGee’s home she shared with Paul Daniels is 'in jeopardy' [NEWS]Riley Keough's husband speaks on her behalf at Lisa Marie's memorial [INSIGHT] Rita went on to admit she loved “being in love,” adding “I’m an extremely passionate person when it comes to love.” The Poison singer previously dated Calvin Harris for a year in 2013. In 2014, she released her song I Will Never Let You Down, which was written and produced by the Scottish musician. Following their split, Rita said Calvin had banned her from singing the song at the Teen Choice Awards and therefore had to pull the plug on her performance with short notice. Calvin later tweeted: "You'll only know 1 side of the story RE Teen choice awards because I choose not to talk to the papers about every aspect of my personal life. "But just know I had a damn good reason." The pair eventually put their differences aside in 2016. This week, he addressed a rumour that he was behind Rita's second Roc Nation album not being released. He tweeted: "Entire thing is a myth, there is one unreleased song I worked on and it isn’t good."