A cat shaver who trims fur from pets is feared to have made a return after disappearing for two years. Families in Coventry have been left confused after a number of cats returned with "incredibly neat" shaven squares on their body. After noticing the bald patches, some pet owners were concerned their beloved animals were suffering from a skin condition, but are now convinced a person is responsible for the string of odd incidents. In 2021, there were several reports of pets returning home with large patches of their fur shaved off. But one local was left confused this week when her six-year-old cat Tallulah came home with a large skin patch on her belly. Owner Bonnie Towe suspected her cat had a condition, but after looking closely she realised the cat had been given a trim. She said: "My daughter picked our cat up and noticed a bald patch under her stomach. I thought maybe she licked the fur off her stomach or she had itchy skin. But once we lay her back we noticed it is quite a big patch and it was a perfectly cut square. It felt prickly like it had been shaved off. "She does go in and out of the house throughout the day. We never noticed any differences in her behaviour. We think maybe she's fearful about what happened to her." Other residents in the area have made similar reports. One said on Facebook: "How much has been shaved? My cat has got a real neat bald patch on his leg and assumed he overgroomed a sore spot... "But as I said it is incredibly neat for that so now you got me wondering.' A second added: "There was a cat found on lost and found pets Coventry the other day that had clearly been shaved, I wonder if they met the same person." READ MORE: Doctor warns of key lung cancer symptoms  In 2021, a resident said her two cats had persistently returned home with large patches of their fur shaved off. Some of the close shaves had resulted in her pets being cut. A spokesperson for Cats Protection previously said: "As the UK's leading feline welfare charity we were distressed to hear the alarming reports of cats returning home with shaved fur. "Shaving and cutting the fur or whiskers of a cat can make a cat feel very stressed. The physical restraint required and the use of unfamiliar objects such as scissors or clippers can leave a cat feeling threatened and unsettled. "There is a risk of injury as the skin may become caught or snagged in clipper or scissor blades. The loss of whiskers impairs the cat's sensory perception of the world. "At no point should a cat deliberately be put in a position to feel fear, anxiety, frustration or experience pain, for the benefit of human entertainment. Even if the experience is only brief, it is unethical and therefore should not be encouraged."