Tottenham are reportedly considering making former Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel their next manager with Antonio Conte set to depart in the summer. The Italian's contract runs out in the summer and it is looking increasingly likely that Spurs will not activate the extension given their recent on-field troubles. Tuchel has been out of work since he was sacked by Chelsea in September last year and has been regularly touted with Premier League jobs in the months since his departure. Now a vacancy could soon open up that may grab the 49-year-old interest, with the Daily Mail reporting that Tottenham are unlikely to extend Conte's contract. Spurs' chiefs, including Daniel Levy, have become concerned with the club's recent run which has seen the side drop out of the top four. The Lilywhites have the option to extend the former Inter Milan manager's contract by a further 12 months if they wish. However, there is an understanding from both parties that an extension would not be beneficial if their visions are not aligned. Conte has a reputation for winning trophies and will not hang around if he does not feel he can do that in north London.  Tottenham were desperate for the 53-year-old to extend his deal last summer after he dragged the club into the Champions League but a run of just three wins in just nine games has seen this feeling mellow, especially after the drab derby defeat to Arsenal. Tuchel is seen as the 'obvious candidate' but it is uncertain whether or not he would consider a stint at the club given his history with Chelsea. Mauricio Pochettino could also come under consideration and would be a popular pick with supporters given the success of his first spell. However, whether or not the Spurs board would agree remains to be seen.  Conte spoke about the prospects of him signing a new deal earlier this month but did not speak glowingly about a long term stay, suggesting he had to 'accept' the project. "This is a problem [an issue] between me and the club," he said of his contract. "Now I am really committed for this club and for Tottenham. What happens at Tottenham in the coming months remains to be seen but it appears increasingly likely that Conte will have no part in the club's long-term future.  