Painting in general can seem daunting, but painting a radiator may seem terrifying, as it can make or break the whole look of a room. According to an expert, while transforming a radiator isn’t like painting any other fixture in the home, it can be done. Michael Rolland, DIY expert and MD at The Paint Shed, has put together a “simple” step-by-step guide to painting your radiator to make the job a whole lot easier. To start painting your radiator, you will need metal primer, metal paint, a dust sheet, a synthetic brush, sandpaper, a cloth as well as protective gloves. While this may seem obvious, making sure you turn off your radiator before starting to paint it is one of the most important steps. Painting on a warm radiator can lead to blistering and dropping, so make sure it has completely cooled down before you begin prepping. The DIY expert explained: “Before starting, lay down a dust sheet around the radiator including the floor below and secure it with tape. READ MORE: DEAL OF THE DAY: Save £17.50 on this Argos dehumidifier “Do make sure it is a ‘paint-proof’ type of dust sheet. This will prevent ruining your floors, skirting boards or carpet with any accidental paint splashes or stray paint drops. “Another tip is to place some card or slide paper between the radiator and the wall, this will help protect your wall paint behind the radiator.” DIYers should also make sure they cover any valves or vents with masking tape to prevent getting paint on them. The expert recommended cleaning anything you are about to paint on for a “seamless finish” and this also goes for a radiator. DON'T MISS:Six ‘easy’ and ‘exciting’ cheap improvements to make in 2023 [COMMENT]Six ‘common’ gardening mistakes to avoid making [EXPERT]Electrician shares ‘clever’ curtain method to keep your home warm [INSIGHT] Michael explained: “Clean the radiator with warm water and mild detergent to remove any dust. You could also vacuum the radiator to be sure you have removed all dust and debris before painting.” Using sandpaper (120 grade), give the radiator a good once over, making sure to buff away any bumps or lumps in the process. The dust sheet will help to protect the floors from any debris. The pro noted: “If there is any bare metal exposed through the sanding process, you should apply at least one coat of metal primer paint prior to painting with colour. Make sure you research which primer to choose for metal surfaces.” Michael said the best paint to use for a radiator is a water-based satin or gloss finish metal paint, as it is best suited to constant changes in heat and a nice finish. READ MORE: Five tasks you ‘definitely’ shouldn’t DIY He added: “Make sure you stir the paint well before and during use. Using a synthetic paint brush, start painting the radiator, in the same direction as the grooves. “Less is more when it comes to loading up the paint on your brush. You should extend the brush into the paint tin or paint pail so that only one-third of the bristles are dipped in the paint, otherwise, you will drip paint everywhere. “For best results, you should paint your radiator in the following order. Using the edge of a two inch brush start by painting the edges then move onto the face. “At the front work in small sections, beginning with the mouldings then the top followed by the bottom before bringing the two together. Finish painting the top and bottom edges overlapping onto the previous paint for an even finish. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea “When it comes to painting the back of the radiator this can be a bit tricker. You can use a long-handled mini roller frame and mini microfibre roller cover. "If your radiator is close to the wall and you are unable to fit a roller behind, you can use a small brush and reach around as far behind as possible.” Britons should leave the paint overnight before applying a second coat, repeating the previous step as described. According to the pro, several thin coats of paint are better than one or two thick coats. Michael said you will not only achieve a much “smoother surface appearance”, but you will get a harder and more chip-resistant finish. He continued: “You should also ensure that the paint is completely dry before applying another coat of paint on top – otherwise, the results will be disappointing. Only turn the heating back on when the paint has thoroughly dried out. Leave a minimum of 24 hours. This is really important to avoid ruining the paintwork you have just completed.”