People in England can currently claim the State Pension once they reach the age of 66 but wil need at least 10 years of National Insurance contributions to qualify. However, to earn the full new State Pension of £185.15 per week, rising to £203.85 in April 2023, retirees must have 35 qualifying years. Pensioners will not receive the new State Pension automatically, however people should get a letter no later than two months before reaching State Pension age. There is a handy tool on the Government website which allows users to log in using their Government Gateway ID, here. This shows details of when people can retire and how much they are forecast to get depending on their retirement age. People can choose to defer their pension, uplifting it by around 5.8 percent for every 52 weeks. READ MORE: Money-saving tips - Experts share top 23 savings hacks for 2023 Almost £15billion is lost in unclaimed benefits every year and some people could be missing out on vital financial support from the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP). Some pensioners will be entitled to pension credit worth £201.84 or £278.70 for couples from April 2023. DON'T MISSBritons could be making £20k annual passive income in just 8 years [INSIGHT]Reducing thermostat can knock £300 off energy bills a year [ALERT]Santander has increased interest rates for savers [UPDATE]      There are actually more than 15 types of benefits that can be claimed in the UK, but some of the most common ones are Personal Independence Payment (PIP), Attendance Allowance and Disability Living Allowance. Some 3.4million state pensioners are missing out on Attendance Allowance worth £4,435 a year or £369 a month. Attendance Allowance is designed for people who have reached state pension age who have a disability or health condition and is the most underclaimed benefit in Britain. Attendance Allowance isn't means tested so it doesn't matter if someone is still working or if they have savings or a pension. READ MORE: Virgin Money tips on how to give yourself a money makeover  Meanwhile,  Britons could claim 23 freebies in 2023 if they are eligible for Universal Credit, PIP or Pension Credit. More than one million people are estimated to be missing out on Universal Credit because they don't know they could be due this financial support. Thousands of Britons are also losing out on PIP which is not means tested so can be claimed even if people are working. In addition, almost one million Britons are missing out on Pension Credit which is paid to pensioners who earn less than £182.60, or £278.70 a week for couples.   Universal Credit, PIP and Pension Credit claimants may be able to claim 23 freebies including: 