CBS’s popular crime franchise has gone from strength to strength over the past couple of years, and this year’s instalment of NCIS: Hawaii has already seen the new team crossing paths with the mainland agents from NCIS and NCIS: Los Angeles. After their epic three-way crossover, Jane Tennant (played by Vanessa Lachey) and her task force are about to return to screens for more covert missions and an exciting new team-up. Vanessa has confirmed Tennant will be joining forces with Kate Whistler (Tori Anderson) for the next episode of NCIS: Hawaii. In her latest Instagram post, she posted a snap of the two actresses leaping for joy on the set of CBS’s popular spin-off. She captioned her post: “It’s FRI-YAY! Plus, an all NEW @ncishawaiicbs episode is coming up on Monday! “@tortorra_ and I get to kick some a** and take names! (After we pose for pics of course).” (sic) READ MORE: James Martin hugs Brian Turner as he makes 'stammer' confession Tennant and Whistler have mainly had a professional relationship throughout the series so far. Although Whistler works with the FBI, she’s frequently brought in to aid the Pearl Harbour team on their investigations. Outside her career, her storylines have mostly been focused on her relationship with NCIS agent Lucy Tara (Yasmine Al-Bustami), which has had its ups and downs over the first two seasons. Vanessa’s latest update seems to suggest fans are about to see a different side to Whistler when she teams up with NCIS: Hawaii’s Special Agent in Charge. The other agents will no doubt play a key part in the new case, but viewers are certainly excited by what could be in store when these two team up. Instagram user @ariana_bella24 replied: “Love you both and absolutely love Jane/Kate, powerful duo. Can't wait for the ep!” @jillianheathart commented: “This is the best photo ever. Can't wait to see Tennant and Whistler kicking a**e and taking names!!” @abmgpnty said: “Love me some Tennant x Whistler action!! I'm so ready for Monday.” DON'T MISS:The Rig fans distracted by ‘terrible’ accent [BACKLASH]Outlander season 7 update confirms fan-favourite return [LATEST]Thandiwe Newton’s daughter on The Last of Us pressure [INTERVIEW] “Alright now!! Tori is actually having fun!!!” @greekone22 joked. “She is always so serious!!!” @roserich8688 added: “Can’t wait, love these two kick-a** women, but will be happy when Lucy is back so we have all three kicking a**.” “My girls, I can't wait for Monday!!” @anaacdias._ exclaimed. While Tori couldn’t help pointing out a member of the crew photo-bombing in the background. “Hahahahha @davehomcy winning at the photo bomb,” she laughed in the comments. A synopsis for the episode, Rising Sun, has also been revealed and has promised plenty of thrills for the rest of the team. It reads: “Agent Neil Pike (Mark Gessner) is ambushed while working undercover with a local Japanese crime family. “Kai Holman (Alex Tarrant) goes deeper into his investigation regarding an old friend turned criminal.” Whistler and Tennant could be sent on the case to go after Pike’s attackers, but fans will have to tune in on Monday night to find out what lies ahead. NCIS: Hawaii season 2 continues Mondays on CBS in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced. Season 1 is available to stream on Disney+.