  Loose Women star Denise Welch, 64, has been branded an “abusive bully” by Spencer Morgan, 29, after he took to Twitter to defend his TalkTV host Piers Morgan, 57. The spat erupted after the former Good Morning Britain presenter asked if he could have his job on ITV back, after previously exiting the show over claims he made about Meghan Markle, 41.      The online feud started when Denise reacted to Spencer’s tweet asking if ITV had apologised to his dad yet. Piers, who hosted Good Morning Britain for six years with Susanna Reid from 2015 to 2021, asked for his job back in an incendiary tweet. Prince Harry surprised some ITV viewers on Sunday by explaining that he would not describe the Royal Family’s behaviour as racist towards his wife Meghan in an interview with journalist Tom Bradby. On Monday Piers reacted to this revelation by referencing his dramatic GMB exit back in March, 2021 following an on-air spat about the Duchess of Sussex. READ MORE: Julia Bradbury shares emotional update on tough breast cancer battle      “Now he’s finally admitted there was no racism, two questions,” he continued. “a) Do I get my old job back? b) Why should we believe a word they say?” (sic) Express.co.uk contacted Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s representatives for comment at the time. In support of his father, Spencer then tweeted: "Have @itv apologised to @piersmorgan yet?"      However, Denise then waded into the debate, arguing that the channel didn’t need to say sorry to Piers. “What for??” she replied to Spencer’s post. “Has he apologised to the nation for his abuse of people not vaccinated?? “For terrifying people on a daily basis for 2 yrs!!! For bullying people with mental health issues??” (sic) However, Spencer then hit back: "Lol. You’re the most abusive bully on this app. Do one". READ MORE... Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss [INSIGHT] Prince Harry fails to mention 15 celebrity pals in Spare snub [INSIGHT] Alex Jones on 'losing' her husband as he became 'shadow of himself' [NEWS]     "Oh please!!!," Denise responded, with a series of laughing face emojis. The argument comes after Denise and Piers’ long-running online feud, with the journalist even blocking the Loose Women panellist back in 2017. In October, she called both Piers and Spencer "utter a******s" in reaction to a tweet from the TalkTV star’s eldest son. "Got told off by a Meghan Markle fan last night. No surprise, she looked like had multiple screws loose,” he wrote at the time. "Told her to DM Piers and do one." (sic)     Denise then replied with: "Referring to someone as having ‘multiple screws loose’, I’ve been a mental health ambassador for 30 yrs. "We fight constantly to change this terminology. Go Morgan’s you utter a*******s!!!" (sic)  “Welch is a repellent con artist trading off mental health to make money - like Markle, the very worst kind of woke virtue-signalling fraud."   