Taking to Instagram on Wednesday, the 23-year-old chef gave fans a step-by-step guide to making the best dish. Brooklyn started out by smearing butter and garlic on a huge roasting joint and then putting it in the oven. Towards the end of the video, Brooklyn took a bite and said: “Just like I have it in England. The best Sunday roast.” However, his followers seemed unimpressed with the recipe as one wrote: “I don't think I would eat meat like that.” Another added: “Might as well bite the cow while it's grazing.” A third admitted: “Kind of rare.” READ MORE: Lorraine Kelly details fears about future at ITV after past struggles While a fourth slammed the chef: “Way too much oil”. Moreover, a fan criticised the use of butter in the meal by writing: “Heart attack on a plate.” However, Victoria Beckham, leapt to her son's defence after he was widely mocked over his latest disastrous cooking tutorial. The fashion designer had previously wished Brooklyn a Happy New Year on social media and received no response from her eldest child. The Spice Girl said she'd be using the recipe as “inspiration” for the next meal she makes her family. Sharing Brooklyn's video on Instagram, the 48-year-old designer penned: “Inspiration for Sunday's roast. I'll be attempting this for your dad and brothers and sister!” She then pointedly added: “It's rare people not raw.” (sic) It seems unlikely the meal will ever pass Victoria's lips, however, as she famously sticks to a diet of mainly grilled fish and vegetables. DONT MISS:This Morning host Phillip Schofield bids farewell after family holiday (PHOTOS)Ashley Roberts, 41, boasts flawless figure in see-through dress (NEWS)Adele 'waddles' around Las Vegas stage as she battles health conditio (LATEST) Despite her strict eating habits, Victoria still allows herself the odd vice, whether it be tequila, or a glass of fine wine. Yet it's unclear if she'd be comfortable consuming Brooklyn's high calorie meal as she insists on sticking to "healthy fats". It comes as Brooklyn was pleaded with by fans to “remember” his famous family after he appeared to ignore his mum and dad’s social media comments. Brooklyn recently rang in New Year's Eve with his wife Nicola Peltz, 27, and their close friend Selena Gomez, 30 while on vacation in Mexico. The threesome appeared to be living it up in the sunny paradise, as Selena joked they were a “throuple” in her own Instagram post. They celebrated the beginning of 2023 with an impressive beachside fireworks display, while Brooklyn’s family remained at their home in the Cotswolds, England. Taking to Instagram on Monday, the aspiring chef shared how he and his celebrity pals spent the dawn of 2023 during their sun-kissed New Year's Day plans by the beach - prompting a slew of his followers to remind Brooklyn about his upbringing. “You should remember your family too, your dad always put that they love you and miss you, you can love your wife but you can give the respect and place to your family,” one follower wrote beneath the photos of Brooklyn, Nicola, media personality Raquelle Stevens and celebrity photographer Hunter Moreno. (sic) “Do not walk away from your parents,” another follower urged.