Schoolboy Mohammad Izaan Danish was allegedly told he could go home from hospital before dying of Strep A. The eight-year-old was taken to Bradford Royal Infirmary after his cough and temperature grew worse on December 10. His mum Sajida Jabeen has said doctors gave Izaan ibuprofen and a nebuliser before he was sent back home after waiting for six hours to get help. They were eventually seen in the early hours of December 12 with Izaan given ibuprofen and asked to wait. Ms Jabeen told a nurse at the hospital she had other children she needed to take to school. A doctor told her it was up to her to either wait or take Mohammad home. With a GP appointment booked for that morning, Ms Jabeen decided to take her son home and then to the surgery. A mother-of-three, Ms Jabeen has claimed that the severity of her son's illness was only noted by the GP on December 12. Recalling that appointment, Ms Jabeen, 39, said: "The doctor was really, really shocked. He was really poorly. READ ABOUT A MAN BEING FOUND GUILTY OF TWO MURDERS "He said: 'Why didn't you take him to the hospital?' I said, 'I have been taking him, but they're not really doing that much'. "I quickly took him to the hospital. [The GP] had given me a note and I gave it to them. They started checking on him and that was it." Ms Jabeen said the second hospital visit was worse than the first because Izaan couldn't even lie down due to severe chest pains. He had wanted to sit up, but there were no chairs available. She added: "They could have taken more care of him and taken him into a ward or something. DON'T MISS: Missing walker's haunting words about 'spooky' path before vanishing [REVEALED] Tesco announce major shake-up with over 2,000 jobs at risk [REPORT] Missing teenager Adriana Davidson found dead at school [LATEST] "There was a four to six-hour wait, and then they gave him ibuprofen." Izaan was transferred to Leeds General Infirmary where he remained on life support for three and a half weeks before he died, according to his family. Ms Jabeen paid tribute to her son, saying: "He was just really friendly and happy, always smiling. "He really liked playing football. He was a fan of Manchester United. He wanted to do lots of things. He was a happy kid. "He was in Year 4 and he loved learning. He liked his teachers and his friends." Izaan's family claim he was not checked for Strep A, adding as an asthmatic he would have been highly susceptible to it. Bradford Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust’s Chief Medical Officer, Dr Ray Smith said: "I would like to send our sincere and heartfelt condolences to Izaan’s parents on the tragic death of their son. "I will conduct a thorough investigation and the findings will be shared with Izaan’s parents once completed." In total, 30 under-18s have died of Strep A in England since the season began in September. By comparison, 27 youngsters died from the bacterial infection during the 2017-18 season. Strep A is normally a mild bacterial illness which causes respiratory symptoms such as a cough or sore throat. It can lead to scarlet fever and impetigo. It can also lead to complications which can be fatal, albeit very rarely. This includes necrotising fasciitis, a flesh-eating disease in which bacteria enters surface tissue through a cut, scrape or open sore.