Jeff Bridges, 73, received a Lifetime Achievement Award last night at the Critics Choice Awards, with the Hollywood actor making an appearance at the event alongside his wife, Susan Bridges. The Old Man star touched on his recent health battles as he spoke on the red carpet, admitting he felt like he was "fighting to surrender" since his Non-Hodgkin lymphoma diagnosis. Jeff looked dapper in a black suit and bow tie last night as he walked the red carpet alongside his wife Susan who stunned in a blue satin dress. The True Grit actor opened up about his lymphoma battle while on the red carpet at the 2023 Critics’ Choice awards to Access Hollywood. The Hollywood star admitted he felt at one point that he was "fighting to surrender" to the disease when he was at his worst. He said: "I didn’t feel like I was doing too much fighting. Well, I thought I was being called home, you know? READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' "I was in the surrender mode mostly, and I suppose that’s a type of fighting, fighting to surrender." While accepting his Lifetime Achievement award at the 2023 Critics’ Choice ceremony, Jeff subtly referenced his health scare with a quote from his movie, Starman. He recalled: "You are your best when things are at their worst. And I love that, especially in these days we’re going through some tough times, guys. Right? And we could use our best." Jeff confirmed his cancer diagnosis in October 2020, with the True Grit star fearing he wasn't "going to make it" as he battled Covid at the same time. The actor made sure to credit his family in his accolade acceptance speech last night as he admitted he wouldn't have been able to make it without their support. He told Entertainment Tonight: "I was sick for two years - with cancer and Covid - and when I talked about my family ... I wanted to, you know, talk about their support during that time. "I didn't think I was going to make it at all, let alone get going back to work. "But because they supported me so beautifully, I was able to go back and finish 'The Old Man'." DON'T MISS... Austin Butler wears all black days after Lisa Marie Presley's death [PICS] Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' [INSIGHT] Michael Jackson's sister La Toya pays tribute to ex Lisa Marie Presley [COMMENT] During his acceptance speech, the Big Lebowski star dedicated his win to his late father Lloyd Bridges for encouraging him to go into acting. Lloyd died in 1998 aged 85, with Jeff's mother Dorothy passing away aged 93 in 2009. He said: "Hey, it's my dad's birthday today. January 15. I wouldn't be up here without my dad. He's the reason I'm up here. "This is a wonderful profession. He is so right. I am so glad I listened to him. The family that I grew up in was so supportive. "My mother, some of you guys might have met her, she was the best actor in the bunch. We have Beau, and my sister Cindy, so supportive. "And I get to be supported by my beautiful, wonderfully talented wife, Sue. We have been married for 48 years. Three incredible daughters, Isabel, Jessie, and Haley." Jeff accepted the award from his Big Lebowski co-star John Goldman, 25 years after the Hollywood hit. The 70-year-old Goodman delivered a heartfelt speech about his longtime friend before presenting the 73-year-old Bridges with the award.