Meghan Markle and Prince Harry's biographer has launched a scathing attack against the Royal Family's "silence" over the bombshell claims made by the Duke of Sussex. Harry's new book Spare, as well as a series of television interviews he conducted to promote it, has seen him make stunning accusations against the Royal Family. Buckingham Palace has not commented on any claims made by him, but that stance has been angrily torn apart by Omid Scobie. The Yahoo! News Royal Executive wrote in his latest column on the website: "While it may be true that Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have chosen not to answer requests for comment from journalists (including myself) about the revelations in Spare, in my experience of royal reporting the reality of the institution’s silence might not be quite what it seems. "Despite the tired 'never complain, never explain' facade, an assortment of Royal Family sources and friends have all been busy speaking to media outlets since the contents of the book first leaked to British newspapers ahead of its 10 January debut. "Whilst these sources may be speaking out entirely independently, given how tight knit the Royal Family inner circle is, I doubt they would speak to the media without at least some form of tacit approval from the royals." But Mr Scobie admitted the "silence" from the Royal Family over the claims from Harry "seems to be working". A recent poll from YouGov revealed more than two-thirds (70 percent) had a positive view of Prince William and over half (54 percent) for the Royal Family, while Harry received less than a quarter (24 percent). The biographer said more than four in 10 Britons still view the Duke of Sussex favourably, and when the book was released last Tuesday, "I was approached by a number of young people in London who wanted to tell me they had bought the book and were supporting him". But Mr Scobie claimed the "dignified silence" from the Royal Family "will soon start to look like the Royal Family yet again not caring about upholding the values it supposedly promotes". He accused King Charles III of choosing to "bury his head in the sand" by not resolving the rift between the Royal Family and Harry from escalating for more than two years, adding "his inability to convene and command his own family has left his leadership skills looking weak". READ MORE: King Charles is 'absolutely livid' and reconciliation is NOT likely   The biographer concluded: "It reminds me of how the Royal Family ignored Princess Diana's cries for help after the breakdown of her marriage. "That stiff upper lip in public may have briefly lived up to their brand of keeping calm and carrying on, but the long term outcome of their cruel silence still haunts them to this day. Twenty years from now I have a feeling we will be saying the same thing about Spare." The Royal Family has only broken with tradition on a handful of occasions over the past couple of years to publicly comment on allegations it deemed serious enough to respond to. In March 2021, Harry and Meghan sat down for a tell-all interview with Oprah Winfrey, where the couple alleged there had been "several conversations" within the Royal Family about the skin tone of their soon-to-be-born baby, Archie. DON'T MISSMeghan blasted for her 'uncharacteristic' no-show since Spare release [COMMENTS]Harry given a roadmap to 'restore his reputation' after memoir [REACTION]Piers Morgan tells Prince Harry and Meghan to 'apologise' [VIDEO]  She accused the Royal Family of ignoring Meghan’s cries for mental health support and had left her feeling suicidal. Buckingham Palace issued a rare public statement, which said the claims were "concerning" and would be "addressed by the family privately". Hours after Harry and Meghan's allegations, William stressed while at a royal engagement: "We are very much not a racist family." But Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert and Royal Family enthusiast, has praised the current wall of silence from Buckingham Palace, claiming Harry is in fact destroying his own reputation. He told Express.co.uk: "The approach Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have taken so far in response to these comments from Harry is one of silence and it is working because Harry looks increasingly ridiculous.  "The British public has turned greatly against him. There could be a response from the Royal Family at a later point but at the moment, it's the right response to let Harry destroy his own reputation." Mr Gardiner also accused Harry of launching a "direct attack" against William and his wife Kate, the Princess of Wales in the book, but warned this will actually "enhance" the popularity of the couple as the British public rallies around them. He continued: "Harry's memoir will make William's young family even stronger. These relentless attacks have further increased and enhanced the popularity and standing of the Prince and Princess of Wales. "They will be in an even stronger position in the wake of the memoir and the British public has rallied around the Prince and Princess of Wales. If Harry's intention was to undermine his brother, it has massively failed in every respect." 