Kate Garraway distracted Good Morning Britain fans on Friday as she sported a pair of black-rimmed glasses to deliver the morning’s headlines with co-host Ben Shephard. ITV viewers took to Twitter to compliment her new look while Ben light-heartedly teased the presenter. Kate told viewers at the beginning of the show that she needed to wear glasses. Ben poked fun as both Kate and Charlotte Hawkins’ outfits before turning his attention to the former’s glasses. Charlotte, who was wearing a blue, navy and orange striped bodycon dress, joked she had come “dressed as the set”. “On brand, very on brand,” Ben quipped before turning to Kate who was sporting a queen stripped shirt dress. Read more: GMB backlash as ITV blasted for giving Shamima Begum 'a platform' “As someone pointed out, no wonder your eyes are hurting. Having to look at that dress, their eyes are hurting too.” “Sorry everyone,” Kate replied. “It’s only something this bright so I can spot myself in it. I need to be luminous.” Good Morning Britain viewers praised Kate’s new look as @janet11351843 tweeted: “@GMB may I just say Kate looks beautiful this morning!!” @chrissedwards88 shared with fire emojis: “Kate looking like the female version of Clark Kent this morning.” @KeyoteeDon added: “@GMB @kategarraway loving Kate in the glasses “I think Kate suits her glasses! @GMB #GMB,” @flyinghigh2000 remarked. Some viewers pointed out Kate’s outfit reminded them of a discontinued British mint flavoured sweets. @tina_prince agreed: “@GMB @kategarraway @benshephard looking at Kate today took me back a few years. Reminded me of the Pacers sweets!" DON'T MISSRichard Madeley fumes 'Harry doesn't accept responsibility' in clash [INTERVIEW]Judge Judy calls Prince Harry ‘ungrateful’ and ‘selfish’ in GMB rant [VIDEO]GMB viewers blast 'pathetic' Prince Harry coverage  [INSIGHT] @MsP_Ashera agreed: “Kate's dress reminds me of Pacers ... mints from back in the day.” Elsewhere on GMB, Kate opened up on the “distressing” moment her husband Derek Draper fell out of a wheelchair as they used a taxi to return home from hospital. She recalled: “I’ve used a lot of cabs for Derek to go to and from appointments because the mobility services are very very delayed, ambulances are delayed. “But if you try and book an official car you can sometimes waiting five hours to bring you home for hospital. “He was in a lot of pain, it wasn’t sustainable so we took a cab home from the hospital.” Kate explained the vehicle “went over a speed bump and he slipped out of his wheelchair”. “I was really lucky the black cab driver that had a mobility access his father he’d cared for post-stroke so he was really good at handling someone with that condition. “The two of us were hauling him back into the wheelchair, strapping him in and got him home. “But I just thought many a taxi driver would say, ‘I can’t deal with it.’ I wasn’t even sure I could deal with.” Good Morning Britain airs on ITV on weekdays at 6am.