Towels and bath mats can be the perfect breeding ground for bacteria and germs to grow on, especially when they are drying due to being damp. Cleaning them regularly is important in maintaining good hygiene, and according to an expert, bath mats should be replaced every two years. Olivia Young, Astonish’s Cleaning Chemist, explained: “To prevent damp-smelling towels, make sure you leave enough time for the towels to dry thoroughly after being washed. “Towels usually adopt a musty odour when there is mildew growing on them, so to avoid this, make sure they are never left on the floor, and that they are not placed on top of each other when drying. “This will allow space for the air to circulate and for the towels to dry evenly.” To revive and freshen towels which have adopted a damp smell, there are a number of different ways to solve the problem, including using white vinegar. READ MORE: ‘Overly stimulating’ paint colours to avoid in your home at all costs Rewash the towels at a hot temperature with white vinegar and the damp smell should disappear completely. Alternatively, Olivia recommended using Astonish’s Protect and Care Laundry Cleanser, a biodegradable additive which helps to kill 99.9 percent of bacteria and mildew on fabrics. Olivia said: “It kills them even at low temperatures. If you don’t have a washing machine or are making an effort to save on energy costs, using the laundry cleanser to soak your towels in the sink is just as effective.” To prevent damp smells occurring in the first place, the cleaning expert recommended washing bath mats alone or with towels. DON'T MISS:I cleaned my entire washing machine for under £1 - photos [VIDEO]Six important steps to achieve ‘grass greener than ever’ in winter [COMMENT]Gardening expert shares ‘pretty’ but ‘poisonous’ plants to avoid [EXPERT] The pro explained: “The quickest and easiest way to ensure that bath mats and towels are free from any and all bacteria is to put them in the washing machine on a heavy duty cycle at around 40C. “Put it on with your usual laundry detergent and some fabric softener. Once the cycle is finished, either tumble dry or hang them on the towel rail or drying rack to fully dry before using again.” Bath mats and towels can take hours if not days to dry during the winter months without using a tumble dryer. However, with the rising cost of living forcing households to not use the heating often, what is the best way to properly dry towels and bath mats without a tumble dryer? READ MORE: ‘Simple’ methods to add 10% to property value through gardens According to Olivia, the best way is to lay them on a drying rack, preferably near a window or somewhere with good airflow. She added: “Avoid placing the towels and bath mats on top of each other or too close, as this will delay the drying process. “For best results, turn over the towels every couple of hours so that they dry evenly. Air drying can occasionally leave towels feeling a little stiff, so it’s also a good idea to give them a quick iron after they’ve dried to help soften them before use.” As a bath mat is frequently on the floor, it is best to wash them every three to seven days, fully replacing bath mats every two years. The cleaning expert continued: “Typically, bath mats take longer to dry in colder weather, so during winter there might be occasions when they won’t dry completely in between uses. “Washing them regularly will ensure there is no build-up of bacteria, preventing damp and mould. “For a quality deep clean, use Astonish’s Oxy Active Non Bio Fabric Stain Remover which is perfect for removing unpleasant odours and brightening fabrics. “Simply add four teaspoons into the washing machine drawer or drum with your normal laundry detergent and wash at 40C or above.”