 Cleaning the oven is a task which often requires a lot of elbow grease, and as a result, many people put off the chore for long periods of time. However, Australian cleaning influencer and mum-of-two Chantel Mila has a simple "trick" which she assures is "the way to keep it cleaner for longer". The mum, who shares home and lifestyle content on her TikTok page @mama_mila_ said she had many requests to make a video on how to clean an oven. However, instead of buying expensive oven cleaners, she recommended using two kitchen items you may already have. Chantel added that the items will leave your oven "sparkling for longer". For the hack, all you need is some bicarbonate of soda and dishwashing liquid. Chantel recommends creating a solution using one cup of bicarbonate of soda and a third of a cup of dishwashing liquid, mixing the two together until they create a thick paste. READ MORE: Four ‘vital’ mistakes to avoid a house sale ‘falling through’ In her video, she showed how to apply the paste to the oven door and interior of the appliance using a brush. "Allow this mixture to sit for about two hours and soften the baked-on grease," she said. You may find that you need to leave the mixture for a little bit longer for particularly stubborn build-ups of grease and grime. "This mix does the hard work breaking down tough grease," added Chantel. Bicarbonate of soda, also known as baking soda, is often recommended for cleaning various parts of the home. The reason baking soda works so well is thanks to its alkaline properties, which work to dissolve dirt and grease. DON'T MISSKitchen item cleans mattresses in 'four easy steps' [EXPLAINER]Try the 'intricate mural' trend that homeowners are loving in 2023 [COMMENT]Cate Blanchett's quiet life with husband Andrew in East Sussex [INSIGHT] Furthermore, the mineral structure of baking soda works as a gentle abrasive to help cut through grubby build-ups without leaving harsh scratches. Since ovens tend to be greasy, dish soap is a good option, with many of its properties aimed at cleaning grease and other cooking materials. If you want to cut down on the use of harsh chemicals, make sure to choose a natural dish soap. After allowing the dish soap and baking soda solution to sit, Chantel recommends using a scraper blade to "gently remove any burnt-on mess". Scraper blades are held flat and low against the surfaces of your oven, including the oven door, to lift shavings of cooked-on grease. Oven scraper tools can be purchased on Amazon for as little as £6.99. Finally, wipe away any excess mixture with a clean, damp cloth and allow the inside of your appliance to dry. Chantel also recommends lining your oven with a reusable oven liner. This will act to collect any mess made while cooking, and most oven liners can be easily washed. You can purchase a pack of two non-stick oven liners from Amazon for £7.99. Chantel's video has amassed almost 700 "likes" on TikTok at the time of writing.