Queen Elizabeth II has been named as 2022 Express.co.uk Person of the Year, after winning the support of 54 percent of readers in a recent poll. The late Monarch beat Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and former Prime Minister Boris Johnson to win the title. In a poll that ran from 6am on Saturday, December 24 to 10.45am on Tuesday, January 3, Express.co.uk asked readers: “Who deserves to be Express.co.uk Person of the Year 2022?” Overall, 5,582 votes were cast and readers were able to choose from a list of 10 candidates ranging from celebrities, sports stars, royals, and politicians who all helped to shape the news over the last 12 months and changed the world and their countries in more ways than one. The Queen received 3,148 votes compared to Mr Zelensky’s 28 percent (1,550 people) and Mr Johnson’s 10 percent (552 people). Other contenders included King Charles III, Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, US President Joe Biden, former First Lady Michelle Obama, England’s lionesses Beth Mead, Argentinian forward Lionel Messi, and talk show host Oprah Winfrey. READ MORE: Tories put ‘on notice’ by Conservative voters amid NHS crisis The Royal Family’s year was historical for many reasons, and despite Her Majesty’s death, the Queen still made an impact on readers. The year 2022 marked the Queen’s 70th year on the throne, with a weekend of Platinum Jubilee celebrations taking place in June, bringing the nation together to honour Britain’s longest-serving monarch. However, three months later on September 8, the much-loved royal died aged 96 at Balmoral. Britain entered 10 days of national mourning commencing with the Queen’s State Funeral on September 19. Her Majesty was the anchor of Britain seeing through World War 2 and the COVID-19 pandemic alongside dealing with a number o0f family scandals, more recently Megxit and the handling of her disgraced son Prince Andrew. Ukrainian President Mr Zelensky became a significant figure in the news following Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine in February. The former comedian and actor began his presidential career in 2019, winning a landslide 73 percent victory and rose to global prominence in 2022, becoming the face of Ukrainian resistance. He has chosen to maintain a high profile during the conflict, despite the security risks, presenting himself as a charismatic and humble leader. Mr Zelenskyy told Time last month: “I have not finished this great, important action for our country. Not yet.” Former Prime Minister Mr Johnson’s premiership lasted three years, beginning in July 2019, tackling Brexit, the pandemic and the Ukrainian invasion during his time in Number 10, before his resignation on July 7, 2022. Despite securing the Conservative Party a significant majority at the 2019 general election, a series of scandals resulted in Mr Johnson losing the support of his fellow MPs and a wave of resignations made his position untenable. Tory MP George Eustice spoke highly of Mr Johnson after his resignation, telling BBC Radio Cornwall: “I think what Boris brought was that he had a great ability to connect with people, no doubt about that. He had a boldness to his approach, he’d push through barriers and get things done. But of course he had a happy-go-lucky approach and that inevitably led to certain episodes that caused him problems as well along the way. But I think he’ll be remembered as a PM who achieved some important changes for our country." Mr Johnson reportedly intends to remain in frontline politics in 2023, his spokesman telling inews: “Mr Johnson plans to continue to campaign for Ukrainian victory against Russia, to campaign for levelling up at home, and to make the case for freedom and democracy around the world.” DON'T MISS: Sunak accused of 'reversing Brexit' as Brexit bonfire facing delay [LATEST]UK's escalating ‘strikes risk killing off struggling businesses’ [REPORT]Royal Family fed-up with Prince Harry's 'constant sniping' [UPDATE] Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers debated and supported their favourite candidates. The majority backed the Queen, with username Guardi regarding her as “head and shoulders above everyone”. Username blimps said: “Queen Elizabeth without a doubt. A legend, an iconic figure who served our country unquestionably for over 70 years.” Username DoggyPaws said: “The only person who excelled herself over the last 12 months was our Queen, she always did her duty no matter how ill she was, was always non-controversial, and supported her nation's people for 70 years right up until almost the last day of her life! She was outstanding!” And username prestonfan1 added: “Our late Queen, who retained her dignity and work ethic until her last breath.”  Meanwhile, others backed Mr Zelensky for his heroic efforts for his nation. Username The EU wrote: “Has to be Volodymyr Zelensky.” Username petitprintemps said: “Zelensky puts his country before himself, his family and serves his people with his life. Likewise, username smokehill said: “There is only one person of the year 2022 and that's Volodymyr Zelensky – for obvious reasons.” However, username BiRo argued: “There is not one person of the year – there are thousands – not celebs or politicians or royals but normal everyday people who get on with life and help others selflessly.”