Chelsea are already making moves to bring the best out of January signing Mykhaylo Mudryk amid reports that the imminent arrival of Noni Madueke is partly with a view to complementing the Ukrainian. Madueke is supposedly in London finishing off a fast-moving transfer from PSV Eindhoven after the Blues' latest bid was accepted. Madueke has been linked with a return to England for some time, having made a positive impression in the Dutch Eredivisie. The Barnet-born 20-year-old made his senior breakthrough with PSV but spent time with Crystal Palace and Tottenham as a youth prospect. Now into his fourth season overseas, Chelsea boss Graham Potter seemingly feels it's time to try the youngster in a Premier League setting and their £29million approach proved enough to make PSV cave. Madueke can play in attacking midfield or on the wings and boasts a respectable record, with 20 goals in 80 games for the Dutch giants. This campaign Madueke has played primarily on the right flank, with his strong left foot allowing him to cut in and cause problems for opposition defenders. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte hits new low with sad admission after Man City loss According to The Athletic, that's one of the key reasons Chelsea view him as an ideal acquisition, as Mykhaylo Mudryk plays primarily from the left with a tendency to cut in on his stronger right foot. In Kai Havertz, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Armando Broja, Potter doesn't have a crop of aerially dominant strikers so a pair of goal-scoring wingers that can drift inside may help to combat his side's lack of goals this campaign. Chelsea currently sit 10th in the Premier League having scored fewer than Leicester City in 15th. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo sparks boos after withdrawing from All-Star XI vs PSG matchChelsea given concerning response as 'Moises Caicedo bid' turned downChelsea face £13.5m bill to release Bakayoko as club 'ready' for exit Making a move to complement Mudryk may not come as a total surprise with the former Shakhtar Donetsk star setting the Blues back a whopping £62m, while add-ons would significantly inflate the fee. Shakhtar chief Darijo Srna believes the 22-year-old to be up there with the best wingers on the planet so bringing the best out of him is something of a no-brainer for Potter. Madueke joining Mudryk at Stamford Bridge surely introduces the need for a major clear-out at the end of the season. Potter is currently overwhelmed with choice in wide areas as the likes of Mason Mount, Christian Pulisic, Joao Felix, Raheem Sterling, Hakim Ziyech and others battle for regular game time.  Just like Chelsea's other recent signings under co-owner Todd Boehly, Madueke is set to sign a bumper long-term deal which could keep him in west London until 2031. The youngster is imminently expected to complete a medical and finalise his switch to the Premier League. PSV boss Ruud van Nistelrooy called on the club to keep Madueke before Chelsea thrashed out their big-money deal. "[The interest] is due to his qualities and performance. It’s worrisome," he told De Telegraaf. "We need to see if we can keep him. I very much hope for that. We must do everything we can to do that. You also know that things can take off, if the purse is pulled hard."