Just one day after Prince Harry's latest explosive interviews with ITV and NBC's 60 Minutes, the Princess of Wales has been praised for her loyalty to the Royal Family, in a subtle swipe towards the Duke of Sussex, whom has launched more attacks on the monarchy. Speaking exclusively to Express.co.uk, royal expert Richard Fitzwilliams has, to mark her big day, spoken highly of Kate. He said: "She is an enormously popular, conscientious and glamorous member of the Royal Family." He added that the 41-year-old has "poise" and "charm", before deeming her "totally loyal" in her role as senior royal. He also praised her for becoming a "confident speaker". Speaking of her work over the past decade, he added: "Her speciality is early childhood and it’s effects on later life and her support of this field on how to nurture development and build a mentally healthier society is especially valuable." READ MORE: Duke’s Queen Camilla smears ‘have sealed his fate’ warning after interview bombshells Making note of the Prince Harry's latest attack, which aired just one day before her birthday, Mr Fitzwilliams added the Princess is celebrating her next milestone "in circumstances few would envy". He added the Princess will "doubtless feel sad" that she will be celebrating her first birthday, in over a decade, without the late Queen. He said: "The Prince and Princess of Wales and their children are the future of the monarchy. "On her birthday, she will doubtless feel sad that it will be celebrated without the Queen, who valued her contribution to royal life very much. "She has poise, charm, is now a confident speaker and she is totally loyal." As well as Kate, Mr Fitzwilliams then spoke of the Prince of Wales, who he deemed, along with Kate and their three children, as the "future of the monarchy", He added: "She and William are justly popular, both singly and as a couple, with the public. "Undoubtedly she will be personally much affected by the revelations Harry has made in his book, judging from the extracts released and his interviews, especially given what he has said about William. "Its a grim period, however, when your family is under such a sustained and unfair public attack." READ MORE: Harry admits he had competition for Meghan as 'six other guys' were asking about her  It has previously been reported that Harry shared a close relationship with his sister-in-law. In a report made by Hello! magazine, Harry offers, in his memoir, a touching reflection on Prince William and Kate's wedding in 2011. They wrote about “how much he loved Kate and how he felt that she was the sister he'd never had and always wanted.” DON'T MISS:Harry physically recoils after ‘scathing’ accusation about Camilla [INSIGHT]Piers Morgan says Prince Harry is the unhappiest ‘happy man’ [REPORT]Harry hits back at Tom Bradby in tense exchange [CLIP] Kate has always been praised for the way she carries herself as a member of the Royal Family, and in particular, the future Queen. Kate married the late Queen's grandson, Prince William in April 2011, before the couple welcomed three children, two sons and one daughter.