Six people were killed while others were injured as a deadly storm hit Autauga County on Thursday. The massive tornado swept across storm-battered central Alabama for the third time in about six weeks.   Autauga County Sheriff David Hill confirmed to WSFA that six fatalities had been reported from the area. Mr Hill said later in the afternoon that three additional deaths had been confirmed. Rescue efforts to free people trapped in homes along Autauga County Road 68 were ongoing Thursday afternoon. Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey declared a state of emergency following devastating storm damage caused by tornadoes that moved across the state Thursday.  Mr Ivey’s office said she and other state officials are closely monitoring the effects of the storms and, in response to the initial system that hit the state, the governor has issued emergency declarations for a number of counties. Those counties include: Autauga, Chambers, Coosa, Dallas, Elmore and Tallapoosa. The governor’s office said more assessments are being done to determine if the emergency declaration will need to be expanded.  READ MORE: Jean-Pierre on the spot as White House briefing descends into chaos The reports of damages were also registered across the southeast and the Ohio Valley on Thursday as storms progressed. CNN reported that a storm caused 10 to 15 injuries on Thursday morning in northern Alabama’s Morgan County alone. The county sheriff’s spokesman Mike Swafford said that none of the injuries are believed to be life-threatening – and damaged numerous buildings. In northeastern Mississippi’s Monroe County, several rural buildings lay flattened or severely damaged after a storm passed through, video footage tweeted by the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency shows. DON'T MISS:Net zero policy urges to ban new gas boilers ‘within a decade’ [REVEAL]Business as usual for royals as Kate, William, Charles & Anne all out [SPOTLIGHTRishi Sunak promises 'not to let Britons down' in latest speech [INSIGHT]  No injuries were reported there, according to the agency, which said a tornado could have caused the damage. The National Weather Service preliminarily said strong winds caused damage in the county. 