The comedian opened Saturday night's ITV programme by discussing the latest headlines which have been hitting the news this week. However, some ITV viewers claimed to "switch off" the programme within minutes, with many complaining it was "too political" for them. John began the show by introducing his guests, Stephen Mangan, AJ Odudu and Seann Walsh. He said: "Now it's the last week of January and there's been loads going on so I can't wait to talk about it with my fantastic guests. "Later on, we are going to be joined by Seann Walsh, but first, he's a brilliant actor, presenter and author, Stephen Mangan." As the studio audience cheered, John also welcomed AJ Odudu onto the sofa. READ MORE: Outlander writer wades into historical inaccuracy row He continued: "Every show I try to start by talking about the events of the week and last week, I tried to avoid talking about politics. "Because the problem with talking about politics on television is that you've got to provide a bit of a balance, and it's difficult. "It's got so bad that even little Rishi Sunak has been asked whether the job is too big for him. "The Prime Minister's Question Time this week he was asked, 'Is the job too big for you?' "And the thing is, it is. You've just got to look at the man. "He's got an adult head on an eight-year-old's body. I mean, it's not only the job that's too big for him. "There's loads of things that are too big for him. Big boy trousers, adult portions, cups with handles." The comedian concluded his monologue by stating: "Where is the balance? DON'T MISS...Lea Michele branded ‘disrespectful’ after ‘pushing’ Sadie Sink [INSIGHT]Emmerdale fans 'work out' Nicky's link to Lydia in DNA twist [SPOILERS]Phillip Schofield is 'genuine' as expert speaks out on Holly 'feud' [EXCLUSIVE] "And so for the sake of balance, I have to say that I didn't like Keir Starmer's tie on Wednesday." However, some viewers were unimpressed by the show, and many took to Twitter to share their thoughts. "Looked forward to watching this but teleprompter show is poor. Off to watch paint dry. Pity," @chumphris wrote. (sic) Teresa Hucks tweeted: "Good guests but not so sure about all his political gags - is that really the only thing he can think of." "These cheap Tory jokes are getting boring. Pound store comedy for a pound store comedian," David added. (sic) While @jeremy_luff wrote: "@JohnBishop100 poor start to your show tonight, think as a country we’ve had enough of what’s going on, but politics is not your humour and what you said really wasn’t funny. Have now turned over to BBC because this show has gone flat because of it. #clearlyonautoque." (sic) "@JohnBishop100 nobody likes politics in comedy it’s so boring," Daniel Flynn fumed. Steve Wallis went on to say: "@JohnBishop100 watched the show for 2 mins just tell jokes stop being political now turned off!!!" (sic) However, stepping in to defend the programme, Lisa Wittner wrote: "My favourite show on a Saturday night, ace guests and the wonderful @JohnBishop100 as host , love love love love it." (sic) The John Bishop Show returns on Saturday at 9.30pm on ITV.