The boss at a top-rated country pub has hit back at a one-star review from an unhappy diner who claimed his wife's birthday meal was "ruined". The Clickham Inn near Penrith advertises itself a "dog-friendly pub" but was criticised on Tripadvisor by a customer who said there was a "dog barking at his table begging for food" and claimed the service was "rude". The Clickham Inn is currently in the top ten best-rated restaurants for the whole of the Lake District on the website, with 680 "excellent" reviews, reports the Manchester Evening News. The upset diner, named John, headlined a December post: "WE WON'T BE BACK".  But in a stinging response from the pub, the owners replied: "We are all collectively really happy that you will never be returning". The diner had written a lengthy complaint about his experience at the country pub saying: "Main issue was the owner (Steve) who was so rude, abrupt and has zero customer service skills. If you like a dog barking at your table begging for food off your plate... then hey ho maybe for you..." He continued: "The young waiters/waitresses were fine but when we asked for the dessert menu... we were told the kitchen had closed. Our table was booked at 8pm for my wife's birthday, we had starters, mains and several glasses of wine, drinks etc. Steve rudely explained that the chef had been in all day and was wanting to get home... When asked about his dog begging at everyone's table his reply was... It's a dog friendly pub. "He continued to emphasise that his customers come for the food... which was OK #standard. How this restaurant/pub is 2nd on Tripadvisor is beyond me."   He ended the review saying that his wife's birthday meal was "ruined" and that the "hostile owner" needs to "go on a course for customer service". In response, the pub, based in the village of Blencow in Cumbria, decided not to take the review lying down.  Its owner, writing as "Geri B- owner of The Clickham Inn" said: "This review was expected and anyone who read your nasty words will be interested to read the truth. "Firstly, upon entering the [pub] your entitled self important self was rude and dismissive of our helpful staff to the point that the staff warned me about the terrible people on table 15. After being escorted to your table and a short while after your drinks order being carried to your table an experienced member of our staff asked if you were ready to order. "This was met with how you wanted to wait until your [sic] ready to order and how amateur we were for asking. Well the rudeness continued throughout your meal to the point that both staff members were mentioning your attitude to me in disgust. "I approached your table where you tried to berate me because I hadn't introduced myself to you upon arrival. You proceeded to talk over me and had an opinion on everything, I tried three times to explain that we are a dog friendly country pub that produces good quality home cooked food and not a full blown restaurant.  "Your anger was quite ridiculous when at 9.45pm you asked to see the sweet menu and was informed that the kitchen closed at 9pm, which is not early at all. Ordinarily we would have made your sweets, regardless of the time but you were not going to be rewarded for your bad behaviour." He concluded: "We are all collectively really happy that you will never be returning as we are known for being attentive and polite and its easy being nice to nice people. Folk can read hundreds [of] our great reviews and then read yours, which do you think is typical of good folks experience. I imagine your review says more about you than anything else." The Clickham Inn's website describes it as a "traditional pub serving high quality pub food". It mentions several times on its home page that it is a "dog-friendly pub" where pets are welcome.  Recent five star reviews for the pub on Tripadvisor describe it as "all round excellent", "a friendly pub" and "great food and great atmosphere". It sits just a couple of miles off the M6 at junction 40 on the northern edge of the Lake District. 