The Saudi Arabia Public Investment Fund (PFI) continue to target buying F1 despite drivers including seven-time world champion Lewis Hamilton having already expressed their concern about the country's human rights record. The PFI first considered buying the franchise last year and valued the asset at a staggering £16billion.  Bloomberg reported last year that F1's owners the Liberty Media Corp were not interested in selling the franchise last year, but the PFI have continued their efforts to target its purchase. Liberty Media paid £3.55bn for F1 in 2017 and the franchise has been a worthy investment with the sport's popularity booming and the stock trading price of F1 doubling over the last four years. The franchise now has a market capitalisation of about £12.1bn which continues to rise. Saudi Arabia first hosted a round of the F1 series in 2021 despite concern from Human Rights Watch about what they felt was "a deliberate strategy to deflect attention from its pervasive human rights abuses" by holding a race in Jeddah. On arrival in Jeddah former world champion Hamilton expressed his own concern about the country's human rights record despite having a "warm welcome from the people on the ground". He said: "We are duty-bound to make sure that we try to help raise awareness for certain issues that we've seen, particularly human rights in these countries that we're going to. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton not comfortable racing in Saudi Arabia amid human rights concerns    "I can't pretend to be the most knowledgeable and have the deepest of understanding of someone that has grown up in the community here that is heavily affected by certain rules and the regime. Do I feel comfortable here? I wouldn't say I do, but it's not my choice to be here. The sport has taken the choice to be here.” The Saudi wealth continues to increase amid rising energy prices elsewhere in the world with the PFI keen to showcase the country and its wealth. The PIF bought Premier League side Newcastle United last year while Cristiano Ronaldo became the highest-paid football in the world when he signed for Al Nassr in Saudi Arabia.  DON'T MISS: Lewis Hamilton tipped to sign sizeable deal in 'last' F1 contract as Mercedes issue update Michael Schumacher's friend took secret pics of ill F1 icon and tried to sell them for £1m Lewis Hamilton opens up on 'most traumatising part' of his life - 'Never let me cry' Despite claims of ‘sportwashing’ from human rights campaigners such as Amnesty International, the Middle East kingdom has an increasing portfolio of events. Boxer Anthony Joshua put the spotlight on the country when he fought against Oleksandr Usyk for the world heavyweight title last year at the King Abdullah Sports City. PFI also created the controversial LIV Golf series which has seen them pay golf stars millions of pounds to play in their series and face suspension from the traditional PGA Tour series. Golf star Rory McIlroy has been a vocal opponent of LIV Golf and previously refused to play at the European Tour event in Saudi Arabia on moral grounds. 