 Prince Harry discussed his memoir Spare in a sit-down interview with ITV’s Tom Bradby aired on Sunday evening, January 8. Alongside excerpts from his book the Duke of Sussex discussed his decision to share his story and his life in the Firm. But now, a recent poll of Express.co.uk readers has shown consensus that Harry came across badly during the broadcast.  The 95-minute programme covered the death of his mother Diana, Princess of Wales, his feelings towards King Charles III and Prince William, the Firm’s relationship with the media and the monarchy’s control over his life. Despite making a series of claims against the Firm, Harry denied being “scathing towards any member of my family, especially not my stepmother.” He explained that he did not have “any intention to harm” with his memoir. The Duke insisted he wanted reconciliation with “accountability”, telling Mr Bradby he “100 percent” believed it was possible but added, “they feel as though it’s better to keep us somehow as the villains”. He said: “I genuinely believe, and I hope, that reconciliation between my family and us will have a ripple effect across the entire world.” READ MORE: Prince Harry accuses Royal Family of trying to undermine Spare  In a poll that ran from 19am on Monday, January 9, to 12.30pm on Wednesday, January 11, Express.co.uk asked readers: “What did you think of Harry's bombshell ITV interview with Tom Bradby?” Overall, 5,262 readers cast their votes with the overwhelming majority, 94 percent (4,914 people) answering that Harry “came across badly” during the sit-down interview. Meanwhile, three percent (175 people) thought he “came across well”, one percent (60 people) responded “neutral” and two percent (113 people) said they did not know. Dozens of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers shared their thoughts on Harry’s UK interview.   Many readers thought negatively about Harry’s interview with Mr Bradby, with one, username winterthalia criticising that there were “no really critical questions”. Similarly, username astronaut said: “A well-scripted interview. Totally boring. Tom Bradby didn't ask enough tough questions.” Username Rel added: “From the little I saw it was scripted, the questions pre-approved and no challenging questions from the interviewer.” While username Phillippa remarked: “Was wondering when the bombshell was going to drop. Kept looking at the clock and then over an hour and a half later it was finished. He's said nothing new.” DON'T MISS: Harry’s behaviour is 'self-destructive' and a sign of PTSD - veteran [ANALYSIS]Prince Harry 'strike' on Camilla 'seals fate as Royal Family outsider' [INSIGHT]Harry and Meghan may have to evacuate £11m 'sophisticated' mansion [LATEST]  Other readers commented that they found the conversation “boring”, with some choosing not to watch it at all. Username Cherb said: “Watched a third of the interview, gave up bored.” Username gemm wrote: “Switched off after six minutes. It was excruciating.” Likewise, username Dougie-Mac49 said: “Managed about the first 10 minutes, then turned it off.” And username Solegirl said: “So boring, I nodded off twice. and what I did see was full of contradictions and denials.”   Harry’s interview with Mr Bradby was the first of several media appearances to promote his memoir. He has also spoken to Anderson Cooper for CBS’ 60 Minutes, Michael Strahan of Good Morning America and Stephen Colbert on the Late Show. In the US broadcasts, Harry further discussed his relationship with Meghan Markle, the impact of the death of his mother and his feelings towards members of the Royal Family. He concluded to Mr Strahan: “I’m not angry anymore because I am exactly where I’m supposed to be.” Buckingham and Kensington Palace have not commented on the allegations made against the Royal Family in Harry’s book, choosing to remain silent. Spare was published worldwide on Tuesday, January 10, and has reportedly sold over 400,000 copies across hardback, ebook and audio formats on its first day, making it the fastest-selling non-fiction book ever, according to his publisher Penguin Random House.