Arsenal and Chelsea would both love to sign Moises Caicedo before 11pm on Tuesday, when the winter transfer window closes. Even if they are made to wait until the summer, Brighton's valuation - currently £90million but which could drop to nearer £70m at the end of the season - may rule out Liverpool who are focused on the £100m-plus Jude Bellingham. The Reds are looking to sign multiple midfielders with Wolves' Matheus Nunes a target and Chelsea's Mason Mount admired, but signing Caicedo and Bellingham appears unlikely for Liverpool with their budget. But interest in Caicedo, having wanted Aurelien Tchouameni last summer before his move to Real Madrid, shows Jurgen Klopp would also like a ball-winner capable of covering ground. And there are cheaper alternatives to Caicedo on the market for the Merseyside outfit, including one who also fits Liverpool's criteria - RB Leipzig's Amadou Haidara. Haidara is a little older than 21-year-old Caicedo, turning 25 this coming Tuesday, but with that comes superior experience. The 22-cap Mali international has nearly 250 club-level appearances to his name, with over half of those for the Bundesliga title hopefuls, and 22 appearances in the Champions League. MUST READ: Mason Mount could be next Adam Lallana to transform Liverpool midfield And the midfielder has a £33m release clause in his contract that becomes active this summer. For a player of his quality, age and experience - that is a snip. It is around half of what Caicedo will command, though a release clause does demand that Liverpool pay the fee upfront in full. The combative box-to-box dynamo, recruited to fill the shoes of Naby Keita, even once admitted one of his role model was Liverpool legend Steven Gerrard. Haidara said: "He was an exemplary player who had it all and battled on the pitch. I'm a combative player who works hard in defence and I try to do my best going forward. I've also got a good shot." Haidara is a disruptor who is regularly involved in the tackle and who intercepts possession. But despite being defensive-minded, he is a force on both sides of the ball. While he can expertly press opponents and break up play, the energetic Malian is also an asset once he's won the ball, which he can carry forward himself or play to his team-mates with progressive passes. His ability to transition both defensively and offensively is something Liverpool sorely lack with the likes of Fabinho and Jordan Henderson ageing and Keita and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain prone to injury and out of contract this summer. Haidara has even been looked at by Brighton in the past few days as they prepare for their post-Caicedo days, with the success of their recent recruitment indicating he would be a very smart buy. With Leipzig battling Bayern Munich for Bundesliga supremacy, he is going nowhere until the summer. Yet when that £33m clause becomes active, Liverpool might be wise to jump the queue as they seek to inject some dynamism into their ailing midfield. While Caicedo attracts all the attention, working in the background to sign Haidara would be similar to the kind of work Liverpool's transfer team became famous for in recent years. And the African's acquisition would help reintroduce the high-intensity football Klopp is famed for, and with it get the Reds back to consistently controlling and winning matches again. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE