Wrexham suffered a disastrous start to their FA Cup fourth round showdown with Sheffield United on Sunday as star defenders Jordan Tunnicliffe and Aaron Hayden were both forced off with injuries just 10 minutes into the encounter. And Wrexham had already fallen 1-0 behind by that stage, with Oli McBurnie finding the back of the net for the visitors after just 62 seconds. Wrexham have been in imperious form in the National League this season and have stormed to the top of the table after winning 20 of their 27 matches thus far. And they booked their place in the fourth round of the FA Cup earlier this month after seeing off Championship side Coventry 4-3 in the Midlands. The Welsh team had high hopes of causing another upset when United visited the Racecourse Ground. But McBurnie silenced the home crowd almost straight after kick-off as he headed Tommy Doyle’s inviting corner into the back of the net barely a minute into the match. Two minutes later, former Barnsley centre-back Tunnicliffe went down injured. And he ultimately hobbled off the pitch as 20-year-old Max Cleworth came on the replace him. If Wrexham were hoping their misfortune would ease, they were sadly mistaken as ex-Chelsea and Wolves youngster Hayden went down with what appeared to be a calf injury. And after trying to run it off, the centre-back was taken off for James Jones, who usually plays as a midfielder. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE  Wrexham have already illustrated their desire in the FA Cup this season after thumping Oldham 3-0 in the first round, before thrashing Farnborough 4-1 in the second round. And despite their early woes against Sheffield United, Phil Parkinson’s team pressed forward in the first half in search of an equaliser. Wrexham almost drew level just before the break as Paul Mullin went through on goal before being denied by United keeper Adam Davies. And the hosts then wasted a free-kick with virtually the last kick of the opening period. The second half proved to be even more entertaining, with Jones levelling for Wrexham just after the break and Tom O'Connor nudging the hosts ahead moments after the hour mark. Oliver Norwood equalised for the Blades to make the score 2-2, before Daniel Jebbison was sent-off for the visitors. Mullin thought he had won the game for the home side late on, but John Egan snatched a replay with a goal in stoppage time at the end of the match. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart Wrexham have been thrust into the limelight ever since Hollywood superstars Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney completed a takeover of the club two years ago. Reynolds was in town to watch his team on Sunday and was seen signing autographs for fans ahead of kick-off. The 46-year-old then handed BBC presenter Gary Lineker and pundits Alan Shearer and Mark Hughes a Wrexham shirt ahead of the encounter as he said: “I’m pacing around like a caged lion. This is an extraordinary day. It’s a classic David versus Goliath story. This is football, anything can happen.” 