Police have issued CCTV footage in a bid to catch those responsible for an “abhorrent” robbery of two 13-year-old boys. The pair had been shopping and seeing a film. However, as they walked to get the bus home, they were followed by a group of older teenagers who surrounded them and demanded money. The group then took their cash before making off. The two young teenagers made their way home and reported the incident to police later that evening. After carrying out enquiries, police are keen to trace the four young men on CCTV footage released today, all of whom were in the area at the time. All are described as being aged between 16 and 19, and are seen walking downstairs. 1. Taller than 6ft and slim, wearing a grey beanie hat, balaclava, hooded fleece, black gloves, grey tracksuit bottoms and black and red trainers 2. Shorter, with dark hair curly on top and short back and sides, wearing a light blue and white coat, black t-shirt and black jeans 3. Also shorter than the first, slim, with dark hair and wearing a black quilted jacket, grey tracksuit bottoms and black trainers 4. Shorter than the first, wearing a hoodie, a grey coat, black tracksuit bottoms and black trainers Investigating officer PC Ashley Russell said: "These two boys were out in town to watch a movie and spend their Christmas money - something they should have been safe to do. Instead, a group of older teenagers targeted them because they were younger. “Not only is this abhorrent, but it's cowardly. "This is a serious offence and we're following up all lines of enquiry as part of a thorough investigation." Anyone who recognises the individuals in the footage or who has any other information which could help the police investigation, please call 101 and give the reference 5222310837. Alternatively, they can visit the 100 per cent anonymous independent charity for young people, Fearless, https://crimestoppers-uk.org/fearless/give-information-anonymously, or call them on 0800 444 111. The charity also has advice about crime for young people and their parents and carers.