In a lengthy Instagram post the actor, 54, who is currently on a break from the hit BBC soap to refute claims that he used pills to lose weight and was the face of the online service. In the post, Adam Woodyatt condemned the scammer writing: “A friend saw this advert on Facebook or whatever it was called this year and sent it to me.” “It is 100 per cent nothing to do with me.” “I’m also aware of several accounts pretending to be personal or private accounts for me on Instagram. "It doesn't matter how many times we report or block them another one pops up." READ MORE: Prince Harry and Meghan friendship with Hollywood A-listers at 'risk' He continued: “I'm on Twitter and Facebook but rarely use them, this is the account that I use regularly. "I don't reply often to comments (I probably should interact a bit more than I do) and I never check messages." Adam then ended the post by issuing a stark warning to his 108,000 followers which read: “Please be careful on social media." The post comes after the on-screen star, who played the soap's longest-running character, Ian Beale, will be returning to the show after a hiatus of nearly two years.   Soap bosses teased his character's return when Ian made a brief appearance at Dot Branning’s funeral last year. Speaking to The Sun about his eagerly anticipated return a source said: “Ian's comeback storyline is in the works.” “Fans of the show don't know who Ian was talking to yet but it won't be long until it's revealed.” The source continued: “While the plotline is top secret, it's a given that viewers will not be disappointed by what they see when Ian does return.” It has not been confirmed if Adam's character will return. DONT MISS: Phillip Schofield tells Prince Harry to 'shut up' about royals Harry has been offered Coronation olive branch, says VALON ASANI Stacey Dooley fans ‘convinced’ Strictly star has given birth Fans were stunned to see a tearful Ian Beale appear in the shadows at Dot Cotton’s funeral. Eastenders bosses were determined to have his character alongside with some familiar old faces at her funeral. Executive producer Chris Clenshaw said it was important to have Ian at Dot's funeral. He said: “I called Adam and told him our plans and I said Ian has to be there and he agreed. It was as simple as that.” Other former cast members that returned for Dot’s funeral included original cast members Punk Mary, Lofty, Colin Russell, and Lauren Branning. In the sad scenes, Dot's horse-drawn carriage passed by her home at No 27 as residents of Albert Square lined up to say goodbye. Adam took to Instagram following the funeral scene and thanked the producers for making him part of the storyline. He wrote: “Watching tonight’s episode has bought back so many memories. Thank you @chris_clenshaw for making it possible for me to be part of it.”