Meghan Markle has been warned her dream of making it into US politics is in serious danger because she is now "losing support" from many of her closest allies. The Duchess of Sussex has made a series of interventions into US politics, lobbying politicians in the country for changes to parental leave and climate policy. Last year, she was interviewed by feminist pioneer Gloria Steinem for Vogue, where she spoke about the US Supreme Court overturning the historic ruling from the Wade v Roe case in 1973 on abortion. This has intensified speculation Meghan could be setting her sights even higher and may one day consider launching a campaign to enter the race to become US President. Last month, a Netflix documentary series saw Meghan and her husband Prince Harry complain about their alleged ill-treatment from the British press and being able to escape the UK for a new life in the US, where they enjoy more "freedom". But Nile Gardiner, a Washington-based foreign policy expert, accused Meghan of an "endlessly-wining exercise" that could blow a huge hole in her political ambitions. He told Express.co.uk: "Meghan is very unpopular with the US conservatives but there is a liberal elite that is in power right now with the Biden presidency that still likes her. READ MORE: Princess takes very discreet swipe at Harry while Palace stays quiet "However, at the same time, the recent Netflix documentary series received quite a lot of criticism in the US media, not just from the conservatives, but also among liberals as well, who felt this was an endlessly-whining exercise. "Meghan is now losing support on the left as well and that is dangerous for her because that is her key support base. "The Netflix documentary series was a big mistake from Meghan so she has lost some ground with the left in the US who have grown tired of her endless celebrity whining. "Meghan remains someone who has deep-seated political ambitions and retains some strong ties to Democratic Party elites but clearly she has vast ambitions with what she wants to achieve in the US."  Last month, the Duchess of Sussex was warned some of her "natural allies" in the US have been put off by the "scale of her vanity and arrogance" following the Netflix documentary series. Mr Gardiner told Express.co.uk: "It is striking Meghan has had very little support from the woke liberal elites who haven't come out in force to defend her. "The scale of Meghan's vanity and arrogance has even put off some of her natural allies on the American left. "This has backfired spectacularly on Meghan and Harry and this is not the hit they were hoping it would be. It has alienated the British people but it has also failed to garner any significant support in America. DON'T MISSPrince Harry mocked on Jimmy Kimmel as US audience howls with laughter [REACTION]Kate made to take off engagement ring on hospital visit with William [REPORT]Harry’s trashing re-ignites Diana conspiracies - RICHARD FITZWILLIAMS [OPINION] "Americans have no time for her complaints against the British monarchy or complaints of being a victim. Only a small minority in America would have sympathy for her. He added: "The Royal Family is still very popular in the US and Americans love the British monarchy. "With the passing of the Queen, there was a huge outpouring of grief in America. Every US flag was flown at half-mast here for over a week. They love the Royal Family and Meghan attacking the monarchy is certainly not a popular move here." During the Netflix documentary series, Meghan joked about having to curtsey to the late Queen after Harry recounted the conversation he had with his wife when he first introduced her to Her Majesty. In one clip, the Harry made a reference to "institutional gaslighting" before Meghan tells the camera: "I wasn't being thrown to the wolves, I was being fed to the wolves." The Duchess also opened up about her family's move to the US in 2020, and said: "Our security was being pulled. Everyone in the world knew where we were." Harry added: "I said, 'We need to get out of here'." In March 2021, during a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, the couple alleged there had been "several conversations" within the Royal Family about the skin tone of their soon-to-be-born baby. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex also accused the Royal Family of ignoring Meghan’s cries for mental health support and had left her feeling suicidal. Buckingham Palace issued a rare public statement, which said the claims were "concerning" and would be "addressed by the family privately".