The cost of living crisis and rising energy bills are continuing to weigh heavy on people’s minds with fewer Britons switching their heating on to save cash, or opening their windows to retain heat. A lack of ventilation and heat in the home can create damp conditions in some properties, leading to issues with mould and condensation. If you’re facing issues with damp and mould, you’re not alone. According to Shelter, one in five people across the UK are affected by damp and mould. While mould can start as a small problem, it could lead to health problems such as sneezing, a runny nose, red eyes and a rash. Condensation is another common occurrence at this time of year. It’s caused by humidity when warm air hits cold surfaces. This then leads to the air cooling quickly, forming droplets on cold surfaces such as walls and windows. READ MORE: Four jobs to prolong the life of your washing machine With this in mind, former director at Selfridges and fonder of Seep, an eco-friendly cleaning tool brand, Laura Harnett, has shared her advice for removing mould and condensation. Laura advised not using “harsh chemicals” in the home when removing mould but to instead use a “store cupboard staple”. She exclusively told Express.co.uk: “I don’t use harsh chemicals in my home and my store cupboard staple for all kinds of cleaning jobs is white vinegar as it has anti-fungal and antibacterial properties. “This will remove mould if sprayed on, left for a short amount of time to do its job, depending on how bad the problem is, and then the mould can easily be scrubbed off using a plastic-free brush or sponge scourer. DON'T MISSRevive ‘faded and discoloured’ tile grout for ‘less than £5’ [INSIGHT]‘Avoid’ tap water with ‘sensitive’ peace lilies - what to use instead [UPDATE]Warning over dusting method which could be a fire hazard [ANALYSIS] “White vinegar can also prevent mould from coming back if you spray it on the area at risk and let it dry. “While vinegar does have a strong smell initially, it soon disappears, or it gives you a good reason to let some fresh air into the room through the window. “This method will work equally well on all types of surfaces including walls, woodwork, window frames, grout and sealant around the bath or sink.” White vinegar can be bought online or from local supermarkets and hardware stores. READ MORE: ‘Most common misconceptions’ about mould growth in the home Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Wilko Original White Vinegar Spray costs £1.50 and Stardrops White Vinegar Spray costs £1 from The Range. Dri-pak Clean and natural white vinegar costs £2 from B&Q. Biotree White Vinegar Spray costs £5.95 from Amazon. Laura also shared the “best” time of day to remove condensation from windows. She said the “best way” to clean condensation is to do it first thing in the morning as the water then has no time to dry and create marks. She then suggested using an “eco-friendly”, plastic-free cloth which can be more absorbent than paper towels or microfibre, making the job “quicker and easier”. Some microfibre cloths contain plastic in the form of polyester. However, Laura warned there are “no shortcuts” when it comes to removing condensation from surfaces. She added: “Sadly there are no shortcuts to removing condensation, it’s about removing the humidity from the home, always open a window for a short amount of time after a shower or bath, close the bathroom door so the heat from the rest of the home doesn’t escape. “Open your bedroom window as well for just 10 minutes each morning to refresh the room and remove the humidity that may have accumulated over night.”