He weighed more than 28 stone and admitted to becoming addicted to alcohol and drugs, but few doubt the physical credentials of Tyson Fury now as he prepares for his heavyweight unification bout with Oleksandr Usyk. Fury, 34, famously lost around 10 stone before his dramatic draw with Deontay Wilder in December 2018, where he not only went the distance, but survived a savage late knockdown at the hands of the American. Last year, Fury lifted the lid on the diet that helped him get back into shape, and what helps him maintain his current condition. But it's not a plan devised alone, with 'The Gypsy King' having secured the services of UFC chef and Conor Mcgregor nutritionist George Lockhart. Speaking to The Sun about his daily intake, Fury revealed how breakfast was greek yoghurt with berries. Early lunch then consists of salmon cakes with spicy jalapenos, cilantro and more greek yoghurt - with meal number two following shortly after. Skewered chicken with tzatziki sauce is next on the menu, before the first of two 'dinner' meals then being consumed in the evening. And on the menu is usually apple and cranberry stuffed pork loin with butternut squash, quinoa, walnuts and spinach. JUST IN: Chris Eubank Jr's team consider appeal over 'alleged elbow' in crushing Liam Smith defeat Dinner no 2 consists of red meat curry with turmeric, but the eating isn't done there. Fury's final meal of the day, dubbed 'supper', sees him wolf down sriracha honey salmon, that's laid out on a bed of quinoa and Greek rice. And few can argue that it's a diet that's done the trick since his return to the heavyweight scene. However, all that goes out the window on fight day, with the WBC and The Ring champion turning to his 'death row' meal before hitting the ring. Far from opting for nutrition, he told The Mirror his three must-haves to perform at his best are fish fingers, chip and baked beans. DON'T MISS:Jake Paul vs Tommy Fury set for date change as doubts raised over grudge matchArtur Beterbiev 'terrifies the life out of' presenter at Anthony Yarde press conferenceFighter Chris Eubank Jr left in a coma gives his take on stunning Liam Smith KO A blockbuster clash between Fury and Usyk is reported to be drawing nearer, despite a date and venue yet to be confirmed. The Morecambe man has not ruled out a UK fight at Wembley Stadium, although Saudia Arabia is the expected destination. That's despite Fury also touting an intriguing cross-rules bout with UFC star Francis Ngannou. He's vowed to take on the Cameroonian-French man if negotiations with Usyk falls through.