TLC’s popular reality show is finally back for its fourth season and plenty of fans tuned in on Tuesday night to check in with overweight sisters Amy Slaton-Halterman and Tammy Slaton. While Tammy admitted she had hit rock bottom at the time of recording, 1000lb Sisters viewers were stunned by Chris Combs’ appearance after he revealed he had shed nearly 100lbs. Fans have applauded Chris’s efforts to lose weight after revealing a loss of 95lbs in 1000lb Sisters’ season four premiere. The dramatic new episode opened at a low point for Tammy, who burst into tears after sharing she was at her highest weight of 714lbs. Meanwhile, Amy was enjoying being a mother to her first son with her husband Michael, though admitted dealing with her sister had been a struggle. Chris, who has become even more committed to a healthier lifestyle, claimed Tammy could “break them” as a family if she didn’t put more effort towards her goals. READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years Once the episode had aired, hundreds of fans went online to congratulate Chris as he appeared much slimmer than when they last saw him. Redditor u/Different_Crab_2556 commented: “Chris looks so great! And I love how he and his wife always hold hands while walking. “I think Chris might be the most successful sibling in terms of weight loss if he keeps it up.” “Proud of my boy Chris,” u/uncommonphilospher added. “When he came on the screen I was flabbergasted.” Over on Twitter, @VeryLiza wrote: “They robbed Chris of his big reveal. 95 lb down!!! So amazing! Go Chris!” @Kisses_25_ said: “Chris is actually the only one that lost a ton of weight. His sisters need to take notes.” @AuntieB63 tweeted: “Chris keep up the hard work, you look good. Love your laugh. “Good luck to your entire family, we know the surgery is a tool, not a magic wand.” DON'T MISS:Face to Face’s Lars Mikkelsen ‘knackered’ after final season [EXCLUSIVE]NCIS Hawaii fans ‘sobbing’ as series pays tribute to Yakira Chambers [REACTION]The Mandalorian fans ‘work out’ dead Jedi’s return [THEORY] And @JanelleKendraa exclaimed: “CHRIS LOOKS SO GOOOOD!!! OMG!!!!! That laugh I missed it!!” (sic) Chris is now an impressive 140lbs lighter since starting his weight loss journey on the series. In season three he underwent bariatric surgery and has clearly sustained healthier eating habits as he has slimmed down considerably since the previous season. “The main reason why I want this surgery is because my dad passed away at 57,” Chris said during a confessional. “And [my dad] was between 400 and 500lbs. I’m 41, I want to be around for the kids to grow up, the grandkids to grow up. “I want to be able to teach them everything I know. I want to be around for my family. They’re my everything.” Hopefully, the same success can be reached by his sisters Amy and Tammy, though there is still a long road ahead as the fourth season has only just started. 1000lb Sisters continues Tuesdays on TLC in the USA. A UK release date is yet to be announced.