The disgraced former health secretary was asked about his £320,000 payment for taking part in the ITV reality series last year, but Good Morning Britain presenter Susanna Reid also questioned Matt Hancock about his future plans. She joked about him wanting to join the ITV show as a host, which the politician didn't deny, instead swerving the suggestion. Hancock declared he wouldn't be standing as an MP again, so Reid and co-host Richard Madeley tried to find out what he planned to do next. "Is your future in showbiz?" Madeley asked. "Is that what you've become?" Looking uncertain, Hancock hesitated and eventually responded: "I don't... err..." "It's a straight question, is that what you're pursuing?" Madeley argued. READ MORE: My 600lb Life’s Angie ‘unrecognisable’ after staggering weight loss "Because you're not going to stand as an MP again," Reid pointed out. "No, I'm not going to stand as an MP," the former health secretary confirmed. "One of the things I'd really love to do is documentaries on matters that I think are important, like dyslexia as we discussed. "There's lots of different ways to contribute. There's more to politics than parliament." "Yes, but it doesn't get much more light entertainment than I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!" Madeley added. "Yeah, but there's a reason for that. No, I'm not planning on doing anything like that again that I haven't already been involved in," Hancock explained. "There's a reason I went on I'm A Celebrity, and the reason is because it's one of the few ways that you can really communicate with the British public." "You said that," the presenter dismissed. "So, you were once an esteemed politician, that estimation dipped sharply. DON'T MISS... Richard Madeley sparks uproar as he gets 'facts wrong' in GMB clash [LATEST]GMB viewers blast Matt Hancock’s ‘car crash’ interview [REACTION]Happy Valley's Ryan Cawood star shuts down 'untrue' rumours [LATEST] "What are you now? Who was Matt Hancock? I mean, I know what I am, I'm a journalist and writer. What are you?" "Yeah, well, I have been a politician," the 44-year-old answered. "And I'm clearly still in the public eye." "But what are you?" Madeley pressed. "What are you for?" "Well, I'm going to spend 2023 working out what to do next," Hancock admitted. "Do you want to sit where Richard's sitting?" Reid joked. Scoffing, Hancock replied: "I think you did a brilliant job." "You don't have to say that," Madeley responded, while Reid was shocked. "Wow, that wasn't a no...," she observed, gasping. Smirking and continuing to avoid an answer, Hancock continued: "I think you're amazing, I think you're great." "Do you want to be a host on Good Morning Britain?" Reid asked. "Is that what this is about? Do you want to sit in the Piers Morgan mincer chair?" Hancock merely laughed, to which Reid went on: "Well, you're laughing - is that what you're after?" "No, I'm not going to be... I'm not going to be applying for your job, you do it too well," Hanock answered. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV.