Clare Drakeford, the wife of Wales' First Minister Mark Drakeford, has "suddenly" died, the Welsh Government has confirmed. A Welsh Government spokesperson said: "It is with deep sadness that we confirm the sudden passing of Clare Drakeford, wife of the First Minister." They added: "The thoughts of everyone in the Welsh Government are with the family at this time and we ask that their privacy is respected." Mark and Clare Drakeford were married in 1977 and have three children together. Mark Drakeford, the First Minister of Wales, had the support of his wife throughout his political career. Mrs Drakeford had three children with the Welsh Government leader since their marriage in 1977 and continued to support her husband's ministerial ventures after nearly a decade in Cabinet. Since deciding to run for First Minister of Wales, the 67-year-old had expressed concern about the impact on his family. In 2021, the BBC reported: "When Carwyn Jones announced in 2018 he was stepping down, Mr Drakeford's supporters urged him to throw his hat in the ring quickly. "He insists he was hesitant at first. What would the impact be on his wife Clare and their three grown-up children, he wondered."  Little was known about the almost 50-year-old wife of Mr Drakeford. Mrs Drakeford was forced to follow medical advice to protect herself from the coronavirus throughout the pandemic, which kept her confined to the couple's Cardiff house. Mr Drakeford said in February 2021 that he had spent the majority of 2020 apart from his "weak" wife in order to keep her safe. It was discovered that Clare had been staying inside their city property while the First Minister had been residing in a separate structure in the grounds of his family house.   Mr Drakeford shared his "emotional" reunion with his wife after their time spent living so close, yet so far apart, giving the public a heartfelt insight into the couple's loving relationship. Speaking on an ITV Wales podcast at the time, the father of three said: "It is a bit emotional. "I’ve been married for a very long time and not to be in the house and to be at a physical distance, even though we saw each other every day and talked every day, it was a puzzling experience in that sort of way and for that to be over it is a bit emotional for everybody." Mr Drakeford told the news outlet of the "very strange" feeling he had when he returned to his home, adding that he had "forgotten how big" it is. The couple were reportedly living in Cardiff at the time of Mrs Drakeford's death. Mr Drakeford has been First Minister of Wales since 2018. Following the announcement of Mrs Drakeford's death, politicians from all parties in the Senedd extended their condolences to Mr Drakeford and his family. Plaid Cymru leader Adam Price tweeted: "My heart is absolutely breaking for @PrifWeinidog after hearing of the sudden passing of his wife, Clare Drakeford. I know how close you were and there are no words to describe the pain you must be feeling. My thoughts are with you and your family. We’re all here for you Mark." Welsh Conservatives leader Andrew RT Davies said: "My thoughts and prayers are with Mark Drakeford and his family at this exceptionally difficult time. On the occasions I met Clare, she was always a lovely lady and was very warm and kind. I'm shocked and deeply saddened to hear of her passing." Secretary of State for Wales David TC Davies sent his thoughts and prayers to Mark Drakeford and his family: "Absolutely devastating news to learn of Clare Drakeford's passing. My thoughts and prayers go out to Mark Drakeford and his family during this incredibly difficult time." Jane Dodds, leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats, said: "My heartfelt sympathies go out to the First Minister at this very difficult time. On behalf of everyone in the Welsh Liberal Democrats, I extend our deepest condolences to Mark, his family and friends." Jo Stevens, Labour MP for Cardiff Central, said: "So shocked and so very sad at the news of Clare Darkeford's death. The thoughts and sympathy of all us in Cardiff Central Labour Party and across the Welsh Parliamentary Labour Party are with Mark and his family." First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon said she is sending Mark Drakeford "love and strength" in a tweet, saying: "My thoughts are with Mark and his family at this terribly sad time. On the occasions I met Clare it was obvious how strong the bond between her and Mark was, and I can only imagine the depth of grief he is feeling.Sending him love and strength." Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer sent his condolences in a statement, saying: "I'm deeply shocked and saddened to hear of the sudden passing of Clare Drakeford. On behalf of the whole Labour Party, I send our deepest condolences to Mark and all the family. I know just how close they were as a couple, and I can only imagine the sense of loss Mark and the whole family are feeling. They are all in our thoughts and prayers." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @Daily_Express