A giant 2.7kg toad who stunned wildlife rangers has been dubbed "toadzilla" following its discovery in an Australian national park. The "monster" amphibian, a giant cane toad, was found while rangers from the Queensland Department of Environment and Science cleared a trail through Conway National Park in North Queensland. Toadzilla left officials stunned when they returned to HQ and evaluated their unusual find. Team leader Kylee Gray said her rangers brought the toad "back to base" and made a discovery that "absolutely blew us away". Speaking to the Australian Broadcasting Corp, Ms Gray said the toad clocked in at 2.7kg and 255mm (10 inches). The average cane toad reaches four to six inches in length and 2kg in weight while in captivity. The wild specimen, a female, blows past the Australian average and will soon pass into the care of Queensland Museum. READ MORE: Tobacco cliffs and dunes are haven for endangered toads If the museum finds similar measurements, Toadzilla may end up breaking a world record. In 1991, Guinness World Records announced a toad weighing 2.65kg was the largest in history. Cane toads are an invasive species in Australia, having first arrived on the continent in the mid-1930s. The species initially migrated from South and Central America and settled in northeastern New South Wales. They are widespread in the region and spreading further to Australia's south and west. Wildlife authorities have officially identified them as pests with economic and ecological consequences. The New South Wales (NSW) environmental agency states that they secrete a poison that kills native predators at all developmental stages. The toads are also hardy and able to thrive in many habitats while eating large quantities of food, including insects such as bees and ants that are vital for sustaining local ecology. Their habits mean they may also prevent other local species from adequately feeding. Cane toads also breed rapidly and have no natural predators trimming back their populations. NSW's environmental agency currently employs a Saving our Species (SoS) programme designed to ensure they cannot spread beyond their current distribution.