The FA Cup draw commenced during The One Show which started at 7pm. However, the results of the draw were not announced until halfway through the show. The wait sparked uproar among football fans, with many taking to social media urging hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas to "get on with it".  The draw took place ahead of Derby's match against West Ham. There were 22 teams in the hat for the last -16 draw and fans were anxious to know who their teams were up against. If FA Cup fans wanted to hear the results of the draw live, they had to tune into The One Show. However, fans flocked to Twitter to hit out at BBC bosses for making them wait until after an interview with Hollywood stars Reese Witherspoon and Ashton Kutcher as well as a segment about waiting times in hospitals before the draw took place. READ MORE: Happy Valley fans ‘work out’ reason Poppy's always in a coat  Kay raged: "Get on with it or I swear I’m going to throw something at the TV #FACupDraw #TheOneShow." Tim Hoolahan said: "@BBCOne taking the royal p**s and forcing everyone who wants to watch the FA Cup draw to watch #TheOneShow - then they wonder why no one agrees with paying the licence fee #bbc #scrapthelicensefee #bbcsport #facup #FACupDraw." Lewis Kenealy raged: "The One Show dragging out the FA Cup draw - they know they have us captive." Simon Turner added: "Absolutely ridiculous - we were told 7pm, rushed home to watch it with the kids! #FACupDraw #TheOneShow."  However, some viewers enjoyed hearing about Reese's new rom-com and her passion for Arsenal Football Club Cupie Doll penned: "Aw bless Reese Witherspoon on #theoneshow saying she and her family support Arse-sen-nal." Elizabeth Scott commented: "@BBCTheOneShow I think I'm the only one who doesn't give a toss about football or some draw. I'm here for Reese Witherspoon. Love her!" (sic) The BBC has been contacted for comment by Express.co.uk about the backlash. DON'T MISS...Alex Jones speaks out after The One Show presenter talks being 'fired' [LATEST]The Daily Show fans call for Leslie Jones to be made permanent host  [UPDATE]The One Show's Alex Jones accidentally locked King Charles in a toilet [INSIGHT]  Former footballers Jermain and Alex Scott conducted the big draw halfway into Monday's show. The fifth round will be taking place in the week commencing February 27. The ties are Southampton vs Luton or Grimsby, Leicester vs Blackburn or Birmingham, Stoke City vs Brighton, Wrexham or Sheffield Utd vs Tottenham, Fulham or Sunderland vs Leeds, Bristol City vs Man City, Man Utd vs Derby or West Ham, and Ipswich or Burnley vs Sheffield Weds or Fleetwood. Ahead of the draw, the presenters were excited about the prestigious FA Cup itself being in the BBC studio.    Jermaine said: "Tonight, football fans are waiting around the country to find out who their team will face in the fifth round of the FA Cup but you don't have to wait much longer." Welsh co-host Alex joked an alarm would go off if she touched the trophy which was just feet away from her. When Alex asked Jermaine if it was the closest he'd ever gotten to the FA Cup, he quipped: "Move on!" The One Show airs on weeknights at 7pm on BBC One.  