Prince Andrew is understood to have instructed two top Hollywood lawyers to look at potentially overturning the out-of-court settlement he struck with his accuser Virginia Giuffre last February. Among them is Blair Berk, who has been nicknamed the "Rottweiler" by unnamed colleagues. The top lawyer said she had never known anyone to call her like that to her face, but said it was "fun" to hear it. She previously said: "I don’t know how the tabloids picked that up or invented it, but it was incredibly fun to hear that someone was calling me a dog." Among her high-profile clients, Ms Berk counts disgraced film producer Harvey Weinstein, found guilty of rape and sexual assault in December, and has also represented a number of celebrities including actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Reese Witherspoon. Andrew Brettler, with whom Ms Berk recently set up a law firm in Los Angeles, has also reportedly been tasked by the Duke of York to look into the possibility to overturn the year-old settlement. Among his clients, Mr Brettler has represented actors Armie Hammer and Chris Noth. Claims Prince Andrew is exploring the chances to overturn his settlement with Ms Giuffre emerged earlier this month. In order to do so, the Duke of York would reportedly have to file a "motion to vacate the stipulation of settlement" and prove such things as a mistake, accident, fraud or duress took place. Ms Giuffre launched a civil lawsuit in New York against Prince Andrew in the summer of 2021, in which she accused the royal of sexual assault while she was 17 and being trafficked by Jeffrey Epstein. The Duke of York has vehemently and repeatedly denied any wrongdoing, and in an interview with Newsnight dating back to November 2019 he said he had no recollection of ever meeting Ms Giuffre. During that now-notorious interview with Emily Maitlis, the Queen's second son spoke about his association with convicted sex offender Epstein. READ MORE: King Charles asked Archbishop for a deal allowing Harry and Meghan attend Coronation He was hit by backlash after many commentators and viewers believed he failed to show sympathy to the victims of the disgraced financier. As a result, Andrew announced he'd temporarily step back from public duties and has since not carried out any royal engagement or used in an official capacity his HRH style. In January last year, after it emerged New York judge Lewis A. Kaplan had not welcomed the request by the Duke's lawyers to dismiss Ms Giuffre's case, the Duke also returned his royal and military patronages to the late Queen. A few weeks later, he struck an out-of-court settlement with Ms Giuffre, which is believed to have included the payment by Andrew of an undisclosed sum and a one-year gagging clause for both the royal and his accuser. This settlement did not represent an admission of liability on Andrew's behalf. He is now believed to have been inspired to launch a new legal bid after Ms Giuffre dropped her defamation lawsuit against US lawyer and professor Alan Dershowitz in November, saying she "may have made a mistake" in identifying him as one of the men Epstein had trafficked her to. Mr Dershowitz, who had launched a now dropped counter-defamation lawsuit against Ms Giuffre, has always vehemently denied allegations against him. Mr Dershowitz told The Telegraph he believes it was a "mistake" on Andrew's behalf not to take the civil lawsuit against him to trial. The high-profile lawyer said: "I have never understood why he accepted the settlement. "There were many, many good defences he could have raised. I’ve thought right from the beginning, as soon as the deal was done, it was a mistake to do it. "He should pursue every legal remedy and the media should investigate thoroughly all of the allegations because this is just the tip of the iceberg."