Britney Spears, 41, and Paris Hilton, 41, partied amongst Hollywood A-listers at agent Cade Hudson's 35th birthday celebrations in Santa Monica. This comes after Paris was left to defend herself against "absolutely ridiculous" allegations that she had photoshopped the Toxic singer into recent Instagram photos. In the Instagram picture, Britney can be seen poking her tongue out as she poses alongside Cade and Paris for the heartwarming snap. Paris also shared in view of her 21.4 million Instagram followers a heavily edited picture of the trio, leaving many fans to take to the comments and accuse her of photoshopping Britney's face into the snap. Social media user toylitpapr said: "Seems Brit is the only celebrity with weird blurry photos." Spuddzorange added: "That’s not Britney, not her teeth, her smile, her hand. Also Cade is no friend of hers. Every post just makes things weirder." READ MORE: Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in lace lingerie as she flaunts endless legs Davis.inna commented: "It's really strange how half the necklace chains are missing in the photo with Britney. And what’s wrong with her fingers?" In the picture, Britney appears to have very clear skin, while half of her necklace seems to be missing from the photo. The comments left Paris with no option but to respond to the Photoshop accusations in the comments. She wrote: "To all of those asking. Some of these photos were taken on an iPhone so they ended up being blurry. "So they used this app called Remini to make it look unblurry and sometimes the Ai distorts images. "Didn’t want to even dignify this with a response. But some of these conspiracy theories are absolutely ridiculous." Paris is a longtime friend of the iconic pop star and was one the few special guests to attend Britney's intimate wedding in June of last year. Britney also took to Instagram on Sunday with an "extended version" of her recent dancing video, where she is seen holding up a lighter to her tongue. DON'T MISS... Andrew Neil says Prince Harry’s claims about Taliban will ‘haunt him’ [OPINION] Homeland's Claire Danes expecting third child with husband Hugh Dancy [ANNOUNCEMENT] Piers Morgan demands 'old GMB job back' after Prince Harry admission [COMMENT]  She can be seen showing off her famous moves in a pair of tiny grey shorts, highlighting her gym-honed figure and taut stomach. Britney's husband Sam Asghari, 28, has also been left to take to Instagram to shut down rumours that he "controls" his wife's social media. "I don't even control what we have for dinner," Asghari recently joked to photographers, according to Just Jared. "In the past, there has been a lot of stuff going on so I understand where [some fans are] coming from," he explained of the accusations. "They're just being protective. If anything they're being good fans." Sam also previously defended his wife's social media activity after she began posting some risqué content, following the termination of her conservatorship in November 2021. He wrote on Instagram at the time: "The only person in the world that gets bullied for posting things like this. "I personally preferred she never posted these but who am I to control someone that's been under a microscope and been controlled for most of her life."