Novak Djokovic's father will stay away from his son’s Australian Open semi-final today after he posed with pro-Putin Russian nationalists. Tournament organisers warned “players and their teams” about their conduct after Srdjan Djokovic was filmed with a fan wearing a Z T-shirt and holding a Russian flag showing the face of President Vladimir Putin. Russian and Belarusian players are allowed to play here under a neutral flag but no flags or symbols are allowed in Melbourne Park from either country. Before the nine-time champion faces American Tommy Paul in today’s semi-final, Srdjan Djokovic has issued a statement - and said he will not be in the Rod Laver Arena to avoid “disruption” to the match. The statement read: “I am here to support my son only. I had no intention of causing such headlines or disruption. “I was outside with Novak’s fans as I have done after all of my son’s matches to celebrate his wins and take pictures with them. I had no intention of being caught up in this. “My family has lived through the horror of war, and we wish only for peace. So there is no disruption to tonight’s semi-final for my son or for the other player, I have chosen to watch from home. I wish for a great match and I will be cheering for my son, as always.” JUST IN: Rafael Nadal provides injury update with 'new tests' to take place    Ukraine’s ambassador to Australia had called for Srdjan Djokovid to be banned from the first Grand Slam of the year after footage from Wednesday night was shown on a YouTube channel. Vasyl Myroshnychenko said: “It is up to Tennis Australia to take action. "I think it would be a very good idea not to let him in. I don't know why he would say something like that considering what the Russians are doing in Ukraine, how many people they have killed, tortured, raped and all the summary executions that have happened against civilians." Ukraine’s former world No.13 Alex Dolgopolov, who reached the quarter-finals of the 2011 Australian Open, tweeted his reaction to the footage featuring Srdjan Djokovic. “Absolutely disgusting,” he wrote. “Politics should be kept out of sports they said. These people have absolutely no business in being on tennis tournaments, including @DjokerNole father, if they openly praise a genocidal regime.” DON'T MISSNovak Djokovic 'won't miss Roger Federer' as Nadal rivalry heats upAzarenka forced to remove PSG shirt as Rybakina reaches finalTommy Paul may be toast at Aussie Open as Djokovic video resurfaces Tennis Australia also issued a statement after Djokovic Sr. It read: "After the events of Wednesday night, we acted swiftly to work with police and our security teams to have the instigators of the protest removed from the venue. "Throughout the event we’ve spoken with players and their teams about the importance of not engaging in any activity that causes distress or disruption. "Mr Srdjan Djokovic has issued a statement confirming that he will not attend tonight’s semifinal. "We will continue to strive for the safety of fans at the event and reiterate our position banning flags from Belarus and Russia. "Tennis Australia stands with the call for peace and an end to war and violent conflict in Ukraine."