Cholesterol is a vital component of every cell structure that is heavily relied upon for the proper functioning of the brain and nerves. When it circulates in the blood at high levels, however, problems may arise. Over time, fatty molecules conglomerate on the surface of the arteries, producing a thin layer of plaque. Unless the appropriate dietary intervention is adopted, this can set the stage for heart attack, and stroke, and in turn shorten lifespan. In 2021, a study published in the medical journal Molecules set out to determine the effects of black currant extract on the serum lipid levels of healthy young women. The authors noted: “There was no effect after four days of blackcurrant extract intake, but the total serum cholesterol levels were lowered after 29 of intake.” In addition, the researchers observed that very low-density lipoprotein levels were significantly lowered, and LDL cholesterol “also showed a decreasing trend". Many parts of the blackcurrant fruit, including its seed oil, have proven effective in supporting immunity and reducing inflammation. READ MORE: Gran, 90, shares what she owes to looking 20 years younger Clinical pharmacist Mike Wakeman, suggests that taking supplements containing blackcurrants could provide energy and immunity and burn fat in seven days. In fact, the clinician explained that the longevity-boosting qualities of blackcurrant could come into effect in as little as one week. He explained: “As we get older, arteries become stiff and congested, which leads to impaired blood flow and changes which are frequently associated with the development of cardiovascular disease. “Healthy circulation is key to longevity and essential for the function of vital organs.” The expert continued: “Blackcurrants are prized for their effect on circulation and boosting the health and function of the cardiovascular system. “They widen the blood vessels, reduce blood pressure in hypertensive adults and can reverse the consequences of ageing on arteries by ten years.” Though these qualities are alluring, caution may be warranted when taking blackcurrant extracts alongside other drugs. “Taking blackcurrant along with medications used for lowering high blood pressure might cause your blood pressure to go too low,” warns RxList. READ MORE: Dr Mosley on 'very simple' lifestyle tweak that could boost longevity “Do not take too much black currant if you are taking medications for high blood pressure,” adds the health body. Why lowering cholesterol is important for longevity Several factors influence cholesterol levels, but among the most impactful are genetics and diet. A high cholesterol reading in low-density lipoprotein is considered to be an important contributor to plaque in the arteries. As the vessels become clogged, this impedes blood flow to the body’s vital organs, producing an ideal environment for disease. To help tackle the prevalence of high cholesterol in the general population, nutritional guidelines are being diffused by health bodies across the country. According to Prescription for Nutritional Healing: “Oat bran and brown rice bran are the best foods for lowering cholesterol." One thing these foods have in common is their soluble fibre content, which can drag fatty molecules out of the digestive tract. Tree nuts like almonds can also significantly improve blood cholesterol readings as long as they’re consumed raw. “Almonds which are rich in the amino acid arginine, have been linked to reductions in cholesterol of 16 points in just four weeks," explain the authors of Prescription for Nutritional Healing.