The Met Office has issued weather warnings in two UK regions for fierce storm and floods in hours. Yellow warnings have been announced for southwest Wales and England with heavy rain expected to cause travel disruption and the danger of flooding to homes and businesses. Already under-pressure commuters face bus and train services being affected with journey times taking longer and spray on the roads could make travelling by car more difficult overnight and into Saturday morning. Rain is expected to become heavy and persistent through Friday night before clearing eastwards during Saturday morning. Over six to nine hours, many places are expected to see 20-30 mm of rainfall, with around 50-60 mm falling over higher ground. Regions affected by the deluge include Devon and Cornwall, as well as much of south Wales with warnings in place for Blaenau Gwent, Bridgend, Caerphilly, Cardiff, Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion, Merthyr Tydfil, Monmouthshire, Neath Port Talbot, Newport, Powys, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Swansea and Torfaen. Read More: Cold weather could worsen condition affecting millions of people A wet night is forecast for western areas, with the heaviest of rain in the south west. The rain will stretch eastwards throughout the night, reaching north eastern coastlines and extending into London and the Midlands. Moderate southerly winds will be near gale force on coastlines Met Office advice urges drivers to exercise caution if they encounter flooding on the roads. The website reads: "If the road is flooded, turn around and find another route. "The number one cause of death during flooding is driving through flood water, so the safest advice is turn around, don’t drown. "Although the water may seem shallow, just 12 inches (30cm) of moving water can float your car, potentially taking it to deeper water from which you may need rescuing." We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story. For the latest news and breaking news visit: /news Stay up to date with all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you. Follow our social media accounts here on facebook.com/DailyExpress and @Daily_Express