Amanda Holden was all smiles as she arrived at the Britain's Got Talent launch in Soho, London on Tuesday. The talent judge looked incredible as she flashed her toned legs before she headed into the venue. Auditions have kicked off for ITV's Britain's Got Talent and it has since been confirmed former Strictly Come Dancing judge, Bruno Tonioli, has replaced David Walliams on the panel for Britain's Got Talent. The first day of auditions returned to the London Palladium following weeks of speculation that David had stepped down from the judging panel after 10 years. Co-hosts Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly were pictured entering the London theatre on Tuesday alongside creator and judge on the show Simon Cowell, wearing his classic grey jumper and black aviator sunglasses. But it was ITV favourite Amanda who caught everyone's attention as she donned a stylish number. READ MORE: Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves She opted for a denim blue blazer dress with a shoulder pad and single-breasted design for the first day of auditions. The TV star accessorised her look with a pair of towering patent leather block heels that elongated her long legs. The age-defying beauty added a selection of gorgeous jewellery to her look, including a Van Cleef and Arpels clover bracelet. Her signature blonde locks hung in loose waves as she sported a glamorous palette makeup.  Amanda, Simon Cowell, and Alesha Dixon are set to be joined by Strictly's Bruno Tonioli when the latest series of Britain’s Got Talent begins filming. The big announcement was made during filming of the ITV series when hosts Ant and Dec revealed the newcomer into the auditorium. The presenting duo had the audience in suspense as the names of the judges descended from above the stage, as Ant said: "Here they come!", in a video shared on social media from an audience member. Dec announced: "Please give a huge London Palladium welcome to the four judges for this afternoon: They are Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and Bruno Tonioli!" DON'T MISS... Corrie's Helen Worth beams as she's awarded MBE by Prince William[LATEST]Antonio Banderas addresses how heart attack changed his life[ADMISSION]Laura Hamilton explains footwear after questions from puzzled viewers[TV] The four judges then entered to the sound of Survivor’s Eye of the Tiger, with Bruno wearing a dazzling red blazer for his BGT debut. "Can we say a massive welcome to Bruno!" Ant said, as Bruno picked up a microphone to respond: "Thank you very much. I am thrilled to be here." She gestured towards Amanda and Alesha, the 67-year-old added: "Look at these girls, they’re stunning!’, stressing that it was an ‘honour’ to ‘finally’ work with friend Simon. "He’s teased me with this for years. Years and years and years, and tell you, honestly, I’m thrilled to be here," he shared, before he had his first go at pressing his buzzer with encouragement from Alesha.   Bruno was initially linked to the competition series earlier this month, when it was rumoured that bosses had lined up both him and comedian Alan Carr, 46, for the role. It comes after reports claimed the two judges are furious over Bruno's pay packet. Amanda and Alesha are refusing to sign their contracts after being told the new judge will be receiving the same salary. Express.co.uk has contacted BGT representatives for comment.