The Rig has proven a major hit for Amazon Prime Video thanks to its stunning cast and thrilling storytelling. Although the new supernatural drama has especially struck a chord with Scottish viewers thanks to the likes of Martin Compston and Iain Glen getting involved, some fans had trouble trying to pin down one of the cast’s baffling accents. Viewers have slammed Iain’s accent in The Rig, despite the fact the actor was actually born in Scotland. The former Game of Thrones star portrays Magnus MacMillan, the leader of an oil rig crew, who are cut off from the outside world by a strange fog. Prime Video’s first series shot entirely in Scotland, The Rig has received acclaim from fans and critics as one of the best shows to kick off 2023. However, Iain’s performance has baffled some fans as it almost seems like the actor is putting on a Scottish accent to match his co-stars. READ MORE: BBC News' Joanna Gosling speaks out after quitting ahead of merger Twitter user @SiMacKWorkshop wrote: “Iain Glen, Scottish actor, having to put on a Scottish accent for his role in the new Amazon thing. Lol.” @DanDann76627081 asked: “How can a Scottish actor like Iain Glen have such a terrible Scottish accent? That's the biggest mystery on this show.” @DoogidGolf fumed: “Iain Glen, good grief, how can a guy from Edinburgh sound like an American trying to do a Scottish accent?” “Taxi driver talking about #TheRig this morning, complaining about Ian Glen’s Scottish accent. Didn’t know he was actually Scottish,” @sabele26 said. And @Antihippy tweeted: “Did everyone working on #TheRig take ‘extra accent’ pills or something? “Were the Scots slipped a double dose? Quite something.” Although many fans were fans of the series, with @phxfloaz tweeting: “Really like The Rig on Amazon Prime. Iain Glen and Emily Hampshire are excellent. Really cool supernatural thriller and love the eerie effects.” And @_jhalstead was desperate for more, writing: “Just finished #TheRig. Someone please tell me there’s going to be another series. “That ending definitely looks like there could be another series. I would love it if there was.” Still, plenty of viewers were clearly baffled Iain was somehow unable to nail his own dialect. DON'T MISS:1000-lb Sisters’ Amy Slaton welcomes new addition to family [UPDATE]The Handmaid’s Tale fans fume over Tuello’s Serena blunder [BACKLASH]Outlander fans slam glaring Brianna Fraser omission [OPINION] Known primarily for his Line of Duty role, Martin Compston also forms part of the main cast speaking with his native Scots accent. Unfortunately, even for Scottish audiences, it seems the amped-up accents in the series proved too distracting for some viewers to get sucked into The Rig’s twists and turns. Some DC fans had similar complaints when Iain was cast as Bruce Wayne in the live-action Titans series. Although Iain’s Bruce never fully suits up as Batman, he provides valuable guidance for wayward hero Dick Grayson/Nightwing (Brenton Thwaites). Unfortunately, some viewers had trouble getting over Iain’s affected American accent, which somehow let his Scottish tones slip through. Meanwhile, his co-star on The Rig Martin has credited shows like Outlander for helping to pave the way for other Scottish stories to be told on such a huge platform. “Being Scottish, it’s amazing being able to be on something with this ambition,” he told the BBC. “It’s hopefully going to be a benchmark. Shows like Outlander have done incredibly well and opened us up to the world and our industry. “I think, hopefully, this is another step because the industry at the minute is just thriving.” The Rig is available to stream on Amazon Prime Video.