In December Grant Shapps wrote to retailers citing a market study into the supply of road fuel published on December 6 by the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA). His letter, though muted in its impact, acted as a warning against the "rocket and feather" fuel pricing as seen throughout the UK by motorists at petrol service stations, but which remarkably the CMA found little evidence of within their published December report. Petrol and Diesel, one of many price rises seen by UK consumers, is a fundamental cause of our inflation woes. The Government Retail Price Index data (RPI) for petrol and oil shows a level of minus -9.6 percent RPI at December 2020 as a percentage change over the previous 12 months, against an historic high in July 2022 of 46.8 percent RPI. Highlighting this fact a BBC report in April 2022, headlined “Soaring petrol costs drive UK inflation to 30-year high” was one of a plethora of historic news items linking inflation directly to the increase in Petrol and Diesel prices. And as shown in the Government RPI analysis they are not wrong. For the first time ever independent retailers have been seen by motorists charging significantly less for fuel than at supermarket forecourts, which traditionally used fuel as a loss leader to entice customers into their stores. But no more. Though undoubtedly the double calamity of Covid and the Russian war on Ukraine is the cause of UK Petrol and Diesel pricing initially falling, then rising fast, the UK does indeed produce its own oil via the North Sea. At the six UK refineries 40 percent more petrol is created from oil than is consumed, with the difference sold on abroad. But only 55 percent of diesel domestic consumption is produced within the UK with the shortfall having to be imported. UK Petrol and Diesel pricing are set at the international price of oil, with costs, profit and taxation then added on. But in all other oil producing countries of the world, gas, petrol and diesel is set at a locally reduced price, with only imports priced at an international pricing level. The RAC published an interesting fuel price comparison in December of pricing across Europe. They identified not only the prices of petrol and diesel, but also the amount of tax, duty, fuel and margin prices. In a summary of their findings, the cost of both UK petrol and diesel was jointly the third highest across 15 European countries reported (pump prices being fourth highest for petrol and second highest for diesel) And while our pricing highs and lows broadly follows Europe at the pumps, the other countries mentioned all import their oil except us, and reduce their prices ahead of us. The upshot is that in order to bring down inflation to broadly acceptable levels petrol, diesel and gas prices are the key. Material input costs, processing costs and output costs all require fuel, whether for the transportation of goods or at some other stage of production. Petrol and diesel are part of the basket of goods measuring and reporting on consumer price inflation. Supermarkets may be using their increased profits from petrol and diesel to hedge against their own increased costs, but with prices for food and non-food items increasing shoppers are likely to buy less and buy more cheaply. Increased mortgage rates and the costs of borrowing increases as inflation rises, leave the consumer with less money in their pocket as wage rises fail to keep pace with other rising costs. The motorist is forced to travel less, using the car only for essential mileage. Grant Shapps, in his letter to retailers alluded to a Government prepared to step in: “This Government will not hesitate to act to ensure competition is healthy and consumers get a fair deal on their fuel” he wrote. Free market competition ensures competitive pricing, but when the independent fuel retailer can offer better prices for petrol and diesel than large supermarkets and huge oil companies, something is not right. The Government has a number of options to reduce the price of oil and so reduce inflation: They could reduce taxation further than the 5p per litre cut in fuel duty already implemented; They could cap the price of oil and gas for domestic sale similar to other fuel producing countries; They could increase the flow of oil and gas produced from the North Sea; They could force retailers and refiners to limit their profitability. So far this Government, and indeed the opposition parties agree, that one off taxation levies from the profitability of oil and gas production can and should be passed to consumers against their heating costs. But no politician has so far reported that they will reduce inflation by cutting the price of gas, petrol and diesel. Until they do or until the UK eventually catches up with price reductions already being implemented across Europe, our inflation costs will remain while the causes of inflation remain.