Over the past few weeks, Coronation Street viewers have watched as Hope Stape (Isabella Flanagan) has developed an obsession with learning more about her dead serial killer father. Wanting to help distract the child, her parents Fiz Brown (Jennie McAlpine) and Tyronne Dobbs (Alan Halsall) brought Hope a pet. Although with the animal being killed in recent scenes, Hope’s about to take action. In a bid to try and get Hope’s mind off of something other than getting to know more about her killer dad, Hope and Tyronne decide it’s time for the child to have a pet. Bringing home a chinchilla from the shop, Hope was thrilled to have something to look after, although the bond was broken pretty soon. When Kirk Sutherland (Andy Whyment) reveals that he and Beth Tinker( Lisa George) are going away on holiday, they ask if Fiz and Tyronne will be able to look after their dog Peanut. Agreeing to take in the pooch, concern started to set in when Peanut saw Cilla the Chinchilla and started to growl.  READ MORE:Happy Valley fans left astounded by Sarah Lancashire throwback snap Later on, Hope was horrified when she discovered that her new pet’s cage was open before discovering its lifeless body as Peanut lay watching from his basket. In scenes set to air next week, viewers are about to see things take a turn when Hope vows to avenge Cilla. Confiding in her friend Sam Blakeman (Jude Riordan) about her plan, she asks if he’ll help bring it to fruition. Later on, in the factory, Beth apologises to Fiz over the pet's death but enrages her when she compares Cilla to a posh rat.  Before a fight breaks out, Cara Connor (Alison King) is forced to step in to separate the two ladies as things get heated. Although he’s reluctant to get involved, Sam listens to Hope’s instructions and manages to con Maria Connor (Samia Longchambon) into giving him Vin-Diesel the stuffed weasel from the barber’s. With her plan working, Hope orders Sam to leave as she carefully puts Vin Diesel's mouth over the skin of her arm. Approaching Peanut the dog with the stuffed animal around her arm, she lets out a scream.  DON'T MISS... Coronation Street: Nick Tilsley furious over Sam's alarming admission [SOAP] Phillip Schofield apologises to This Morning guest as Holly loses it [VIDEO] Jason Watkins addresses ‘difficult’ The Catch scenes after child loss [INSIGHT] However, her dad Tyronne spots Hope trying to sneak out of the backyard carrying the stuffed weasel, demanding answers. Later on, Beth confronts Hope about her dog and the young girl runs home in tears claiming Beth slapped her in the face. Enraged, Fiz and Tyronne head off to confront Beth, who denies anything of the sort ever happened. Wanting to get to the bottom of the truth, Fiz suggests to Beth that all four of them should come together and sit down to talk about what happened.  Although the soon-to-be teen seems less than impressed with the ambush as she returns home furious and storms out. A theory by Express.co.uk suggests that Hope returns back to her dad’s interview tapes to comfort herself now that her pet is dead. However, could the youth be inspired by his words and take deadly action on Peanut following her original plan falling apart? Coronation Street airs Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 8pm on ITV.