Makeup trends come and go, and the makeup you wore five, or 10 years ago, may not suit your current skin. There are no hard and fast rules when it comes to what makeup you should wear, but there are a few makeup tricks that can enhance your features, instead of “instantly adding years to your face”. Many women wear heavy or thick foundations to cover up the appearance of fine lines or wrinkles, but it can have the opposite effect - often settling in pores and highlighting signs of ageing. Celebrity makeup artist Ashunta Sheriff suggested replacing foundation with tinted moisturiser as it allows the “skin [to] radiate through”, and “women over 50 look more youthful when skin is glowing and not super matte”, she added. Anyone worried about tinted moisturises not being thick enough to hide any imperfections, use a concealer to “correct” individual areas. READ MORE: Beauty expert’s 5-step routine to reverse ‘sagging jawline & jowls’ As well as not applying a thick layer of foundation all over the face, it’s best to avoid sweeping powder across all areas too. Ashunta explained how “powder can age easily” as it settles in any lines and wrinkles. Instead, only apply powder to the T-zone which tends to be shinier than other areas. The makeup expert said the older you get the more makeup “can slide and move”, so it’s a good idea to add an eye primer to the eyelid before applying eye shadow to ensure the makeup stays all day long. DON'T MISS...Game-changing method to poach eggs without a saucepan [VIDEO]Five mistakes to avoid when painting with dark colours [EXPERT]Every Chinese zodiac animal explained ahead of Chinese New Year 2023 [FULL LIST] As a woman gets older, collagen levels decrease and natural plump limps are a thing of the past. To enhance your pout, use a lip liner to “overdraw” the lips slightly. Ashunta suggested using a colour that is “slightly deeper than your lip's natural colour” and start by drawing on the edge of the lip line, before filling the rest of your lips in to “create fuller-looking lips”. Complete the lips with a “soft champagne or pinky colour” in the centre of the pout to create the illusion of depth. READ MORE: Hair expert shares the ‘most flattering’ colour for every woman When accentuating the eyes, darker and more dramatic isn’t always better, if your goal is to look more youthful. For ladies over 50, use a “softer brow pencil”. Brunettes should “go for a soft brown” as dark brown can “age”. Soft and fluffy brows can also “look more youthful”. In terms of eyeliner, the same rule applies; swap deep black for soft browns, or purple and greens. Professional makeup artist Jenna Hughes said using black can make “eyes smaller” than they are. Instead, opt for dark brown eyeliner on the top eye line, then choose white or nude for the waterline. The eyeliner “won’t be as harsh” and the white or nude will “instantly brighten and open up the eyes”. A swipe of peach or pink can make the skin glow, but with contouring being extremely popular, many favour bronzer instead of blusher. Celebrity makeup Daria Kruchinina said a “light touch of natural blush” can “immediately bring a youthful flush” to the face, but don’t overdo it with bright pinks or a shimmery finish. Cream blushes are great for older women, and they should be applied with fingertips for the most natural effect, the expert told She Finds.