Liverpool icon Jamie Carragher slammed two of the Reds’ stars for their displays in the 3-1 defeat away to Brentford on Monday. An own goal from Ibrahima Konate, Yoane Wissa’s header and Bryan Mbuemo's finish sealed the three points for the hosts in their first game of 2022, amid a first half that Carragher described as “shambolic” when Jurgen Klopp’s side could not handle the Bees’ aerial threats. In the 19th minute, Bryan Mbuemo’s corner was deflected into his own net by Konate, as the Frenchman and his defensive partner Virgil van Dijk were powerless to stop a Brentford side that had the ball in the back of the net four times in the first 45 minutes, only to have two of them ruled out. Seconds after one of Brentford’s goals was cancelled by VAR, Alisson’s restart was dummied unsuccessfully by Harvey Elliott and the hosts regained the ball, before a cross was headed past the Brazilian by Wissa. Carragher was not impressed by Elliott’s attempt to dummy the ball and the defending at the far post by Trent Alexander-Arnold, who has been criticised for his inability to stop his marker from scoring headers in the past. “Absolutely shambolic,” Carragher told Sky Sports at half-time. “It [Liverpool’s free-kick] should go long, can you believe Harvey Elliott actually dummies it in a position like that? “But this is fantastic from Brentford, and Wissa at the back post - that is a great header. It’s not an easy one, the pace on the cross is just absolutely fantastic. If you look at Alexander-Arnold again at the back post, Ollie Watkins scored a goal like this against them a couple [of] games ago, he’s not offside, and it’s a fantastic header. “That’s also why we’ve got technology in the game, because that proves that ball went over the line. You see Trent coming in, he’s in the wrong position, worrying about what’s behind him.” DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January Klopp made three changes at half-time as Van Dijk, Kostas Tsimikas and Elliott were replaced by Joel Matip, Andrew Robertson and Naby Keita. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain got a goal back in the second half, but Carragher has questioned whether the game may signal the end of an era for Liverpool under Klopp. “I wouldn’t say I was massively confident [coming into this game],” Carragher admitted. “Because Liverpool have had problems all season against teams who are physical, when the game has intensity they can’t cope. "This is a team, let’s not forget, that pride themselves on saying intensity is our identity. They can’t cope with that anymore at this moment. It looks like an ageing team coming to the end, and that was absolutely shambolic that first half.”