Love Island returned for its winter edition for the first time in three years on Monday. This series is the first one hosted by Maya Jama after Laura Whitmore stepped down from the ITV show. As each Islander was introduced, viewers learnt more about them in a series of intros but fans weren’t entirely impressed.    In a change to the show’s format, the boys entered into the villa first before being joined by the girls. When all the boys had arrived, Maya joined them before they lined up in a row ready to be picked by the girls. ITV viewers found out a little bit more about the contestants with their intros. However, some fans of Love Island took to Twitter to “blast” the clips. Read more: Anna-May Robey: Love Island star addresses cosmetic surgery    Mhysabri tweeted: “I always hate how long intros last. We'll be watching these ppl for months, I think we'll get to know them #LoveIsland. Manooyaaa agreed: “I can’t bare the intro every year it’s so cringe dkskdmsks #LoveIsland.” (sic) “There aren’t enough words for me to describe how much I hate the first episode intros #LoveIsland,” Amy__Moffatt wrote. Grcxlryn shared: “Ok we really don’t need these intros #LoveIsland.”    Kesprv remarked: “Patiently waiting for all the intros to be done. #LoveIsland.” “Ok but can we skip the intros and get to the good parts ? #LoveIsland,” 1lizzyx questioned. After the coupling process was complete, the South African villa had five new pairings. Lana and Ron, Tanya and Shaq and Anna-May and Haris were the first three couples. Tanyel and Kai and Olivia and Will completed the day one line-up. DON'T MISSMaya Jama distracts Love Island viewers as they praise 'unreal' look [VIDEO]Love Island sparks diversity backlash as fans ask for 'real people' [INSIGHT]Love Island's first blind contestant opens up on accident [INTERVIEW] Love Island has undergone one huge change for the new winter series. Contestants will no longer have their friends and family running their social media accounts. Instead, ITV has requested the contestants’ accounts stay dormant during their time in the villa. The broadcaster explained the decision was intended to avoid “the adverse effects of social media”.    In the past, loved ones have called on fans to be kinder when certain contestants have faced a backlash for their actions in the villa. Contestant Tanya Manhenga addressed the social media ban before entering the villa. She told Express.co.uk: “I thought, is it a good thing, is it not a good thing? But then I looked at it in a way of obviously you can’t stop trolls. “If it’s going to reduce the potential amount of trolls that you’re going to get then I’m all for it.” Love Island continues on ITV2 on Tuesday at 9pm.   