Judy Murray has hailed her youngest son as “an incredible fighter” as the former world No 1 prepares for another potential marathon at the Australian Open. Double Olympic champion Andy Murray, with his metal hip, has been on court for over 10 hours in his first two five-set wins. And the world No 66 now faces a re-match of his 2019 first-round match with No.24 seed Roberto Bautista Agut. Then, Murray feared his career was over - and tournament organisers played a video montage in tribute to the five-time finalist after a five-set epic won by the Spaniard. But four years later, the Scot is still here after two hip operations and bidding to reach the last 16 in a Grand Slam for the first time since Wimbledon in 2017. “He is certainly getting his money’s worth, isn’t he?” said Judy Murray. “What he has gone through to get back to this level is quite remarkable. What he is doing out there, to survive five sets in five hours against Berrettini who is 13 or 14 in the world I think the other night and then to come back from two sets and 5-2 down against Kokkinakis last night in the early hours of the morning - I didn’t get to bed till about 5.30 - is really remarkable what he is doing. He is just an incredible fighter and his resilience is second to none.” Murray displayed those qualities against Bautista Agut in January 2019 when he fought back through the pain from two sets down before losing an emotional encounter after four hours and nine minutes. “It was like a Davis Cup atmosphere,” recalled the Spaniard. Australian Open LIVE updates: Andy Murray denied request by tennis boss Watch every match from the Australian Open live and exclusive on discovery+ and Eurosport “It was very loud, very crowded. A lot of people supporting were him. I think all the court was supporting him. I did a great job. I ended up winning that match, and it gave me a lot of confidence to get to the quarter-final here in Australia. “I don't know what he wanted to do in that match, but I'm happy for him that he's in good shape, he is winning good matches, and he is enjoying the court again. “I am happy to have another chance to play Andy in the third round. He is playing well. He is enjoying it again. He looks fit. He is a good fighter. He loves the game, and he is a good tennis player. I watched his first round match against Matteo Berrettini. Everybody watched this match!” The Spaniard is in good form after reaching the final at Adelaide earlier this month and has now beaten Murray in their last three matches - starting here in 2019 - after losing their first three encounters. “I'm feeling well, feeling strong, playing good tennis,” added the world No.25. “The feelings I have on the court, it's good. I think I have improved my game during the years, and also I'm better player than when I played the first few times against him.” Kokkinakis took to social media to write “Gave it everything I had last night and fell short. You're a warrior Andy Murray and a honour to share the court with you. To everyone that supports me, THANKYOU. I'll keep working ... the show goes on.” Aussie legend Rod Laver responded: “You did us all proud Thanasi. It was an exceptional battle against a seasoned warrior. Keep fighting, you have so much talent, you will get there. Never give up, Rocket.”