The Wales’s youngest child attended his first Christmas service at St Mary Magdalene Church. The Prince and Princess of Wales dressed their son in dark red shorts with a navy pea coat, a white checked shirt, and long navy socks. Meanwhile, his eldest brother Prince George was in a suit and his sister Princess Charlotte wore a dark red coat with black tights and shoes. Royal fans were left confused after seeing the four-year-old in shorts on a chilly December morning. The outfit choice, which was likely made by Prince William and Kate, dates back to a long-standing upper-class tradition. The tradition was explained by William Hanson an etiquette expert who previously told Harper’s Bazaar that see’s royal boys under age eight dressed in shorts. “Trousers are for older boys and men, whereas shorts on young boys is one of those silent class markers that we have in England. “Although times are (slowly) changing, a pair trousers on a young boy is considered quite middle class – quite suburban. “And no self-respecting aristo or royal would want to be considered suburban.” A number of private boarding schools across the UK continue to hold this long-standing tradition with younger boys wearing shorts until they become seniors. Prince George wore shorts for the majority of his first royal engagements and Prince William and Prince Harry also wore shorts when they were under eight years old. READ MORE: Two British nationals killed in Australian helicopter collision Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip also dressed their sons in the same traditional style. Now that Louis’s older brother is nine years old, he wears suits like William when attending royal events. King Charles led his family for the first time as Monarch into the church in Norfolk for their first Christmas without the Queen. Alongside the Wales’, he was accompanied by Queen Camilla, Zara and Mike Tindall, Edward and Sophie Wessex and their children Lady Louise Windsor and James, Viscount Severn. Princess Beatrice and her husband Edoardo Mapelli Mozzi were also in attendance with Beatrice’s stepson Wolfie. DON'T MISS:Damar Hamlin rushed to hospital after receiving CPR during NFL match (BREAKING)German minister's 'tone deaf' address drowned out by fireworks (REVEAL)Meghan and Harry 'backed into corner' by Netflix after money runs dry (INSIGHT) Princess Eugenie and her husband Jack Brooksbank also attended the service along with Prince Andrew. Prince Louis’ surprise attendance on Christmas Day delighted royal fans who had gathered to greet the royals. The young prince gained much attention at the Platinum Jubilee in June where he stole the show with his expressive face and naughty behaviour which saw his older sister tell him off. Though the young royal was shyer at Sandringham, he continued to amuse fans as he ran after his parents after falling behind while taking in the attention of the fans.