Christian Brueckner, the main suspect in the disappearance of Madeleine McCann 16 years ago, has whined about his treatment in jail, comparing it unfavourably to that of Nazi war criminal Joseph Goebbels. The 45-year-old claimed he was being deprived of his “prison rights” because prison authorities do not want him to get “sexual satisfaction”. Brueckner is currently behind bars at Oldenberg jail for raping a pensioner in Praia da Luz, the Algarve resort where Madeleine vanished on May 3, 2007. He is due to be released in 2025. Mobile phone records prove Brueckner was in Praia da Luz on the evening the three-year-old went missing. Her parents, Gerry and Kate, from Rothley in Leicestershire, have never wavered in their belief that their daughter is alive. Brueckner wrote: “Not even Goebbels and his war crime fiends were isolated like me when they waited for the death penalty in Nuremberg prison. “It is against human rights to get isolated for such a long time and in this way. It is the right of prisoners to receive visitors – except for me. "All I see is my lawyer and the guards, they say if anyone else visits me I will get sexual satisfaction.” The letter reported by the Mirror came to light amid suggestions the McCann investigation was being frustrated by demands by Brueckner’s lawyer that the case be moved to a separate jurisdiction on a technicality. Insiders last month claimed the convicted paedophile - who has always denied any involvement - could be charged in connection with Madeleine’s disappearance within 12 months - possibly in September. JUST IN: Mandela's granddaughter now jumps to defence of 'hounded' Sussexes German police are preparing to test evidence and staged a high-level in Wiesbaden this month. Also last month, he was charged by police in the northern city of Braunschweig charged in a further five separate cases, including sexual offences allegedly committed in Portugal between 2000 and 2017. These include the sexual abuse of a 10-year-old German girl in April 2007 on a Portuguese beach near where Madeleine disappeared a month afterwards. In another letter sent from prison in November, Brueckner whinged: “There is no evidence at all that I committed any of these crimes. No DNA, nothing. DON'T MISSEurope 'on track' to end reliance on China for electric cars by 2030 [INSIGHT]Cancer breakthrough as 'pioneering treatment' gets NHS approval [REPORT]Mysterious handprint on historic moat at the centre of 'prank probe' [REVEAL] “The prosecution are trying to trap me and hope that I will capitulate under the mental pressure. “They hope that I will just say 'yes' to everything which will give me a chance to escape from this mental torture.” Brueckner’s claims are curious, given Goebbels was never actually arrested, but instead committed suicide, together with his wife, in Hitler’s bunker - after poisoning his six children with cyanide.