Tottenham are looking to bounce back from missing out on Leandro Trossard as the outgoing Brighton winger closes in on a move to bitter rivals Arsenal. Spurs transfer chief Fabio Paratici has supposedly organised a meeting to discuss the transfer of Nicolo Zaniolo in London after Roma set out their terms for a January deal. Performances have not been free-flowing from Antonio Conte's Tottenham since domestic action resumed after the World Cup. They reportedly launched a tentative bid for Trossard but saw it knocked back by Brighton, only for the Gunners to swoop in and complete a £27million deal for themselves. That sent Paratici back to the drawing board and Calciomercato claim that the Italian has revisited a long-standing interest in Zaniolo. Conte is also wise to the 23-year-old's talent and Spurs could finally pull the trigger this month as they seek out some extra bite in attack. Harry Kane is still in scintillating form but Heung-min Son is well short of his best, Dejan Kulusevski has spent time out with injury and Richarlison is yet to notch a Premier League goal since signing from Everton. JUST IN: Tottenham's Conte hits new low with sad admission after Man City loss Reports indicate that Paratici has set up a London meeting with Zaniolo's agent, Claudio Vigorelli, to try and find a solution that satisfies all parties. Roma would supposedly be willing to do business at £35m but Spurs would prefer an initial loan deal with an obligation to buy. Zaniolo has also attracted interest from relegation-threatened West Ham and Vigorelli will reportedly meet with the Hammers before he jets back to Italy. Despite the ongoing transfer tug-of-war, Zaniolo himself is thought to have made it clear that the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium is his preferred destination. DON'T MISS...Ronaldo sparks boos after withdrawing from All-Star XI vs PSG matchChelsea given concerning response as 'Moises Caicedo bid' turned downChelsea face £13.5m bill to release Bakayoko as club 'ready' for exit The youngster, who can play in attacking midfield or up front, was once on the books at Inter Milan but made his senior breakthrough with Roma as a teenager. His record has left plenty to be desired this campaign with one goal contribution in 13 Serie A matches, but his talent and versatility have still earned him 11 caps for the Italian national team. Spurs are looking to find a missing ingredient after their second-half capitulation saw them fall to a 4-2 defeat at Manchester City on Thursday evening. Conte has repeatedly called on the board to continue improving the squad in the transfer market, and after the final whistle he reiterated that experience is crucial.  "You have to try to justify the goals that we are conceding," he told reporters. "This is a period we are not so lucky. We are making many mistakes but football is this. Sometimes you are a positive performance. Sometimes you are situation that are not so positive but we have to continue to work and believe in ourselves. "As I said in the past, this type of game with more experience you don't lose. You don't buy experience, well you can buy experience. We have to build experience year by year."