Princess Anne appeared in high spirits as she moved out in a chic burgundy blazer to attend an Oxford Farming Conference. Princess Royal, 72, who is the OFC Honorary President, reached the event donning a Scout reef knot brooch which symbolises strength and unity.  This comes amid revelations from Prince Harry's explosive memoir Spare. The late monarch's only daughter's stunning brooch is in the shape of a Scout reef knot and features two rubies and two pearls. The rope of a Scout reef knot symbolises the family of the World Scout Movement, whilst the knot symbolises strength and unity. She completed her ensemble with a lilac scarf and a stylish purple skirt which she paired with black suede boots.  She carried a black leather handbag under her arm as she stepped out of a vehicle outside the premises. The royal beamed as she made her way into the venue with her locks pulled back into a chic bun. The conference is an annual event for UK’s farmers that takes place in Oxford, in the first week of January. This year’s conference celebrated 77 years since the first convention, held in 1936.  READ MORE: The 10 biggest bombshells from Prince Harry's book and interviews   Speaking at the Oxford Farming Conference, Farming Minister Mark Spencer announced more money for farmers and landowners through both the Countryside Stewardship and the Sustainable Farming Incentive schemes, which will provide more support to the industry and drive uptake at a time of rising costs for farmers as a result of global challenges. He also confirmed an expanded range of actions under the schemes, which farmers could be paid for, would be published soon. He said: “My challenge to our great industry is simple - this year, take another look at the Environmental Land Management schemes and think about what options and grants will help support your farm. DON'T MISS:Nurses willing to ‘meet halfway’ and could accept 10 percent pay rise [INSIGHT]Diana's ex-butler urges Harry to 'stop now' amid Megxit memoir claims [REVEAL]Prince Harry admits taking cocaine and mushrooms in Megxit memoir [SPOTLIGHT] “As custodians of more than 70 percent of our countryside, the nation is relying on its farmers to protect our landscapes as well as produce the high-quality food we are known for, and we are increasing payment rates to ensure farmers are not out of pocket for doing the right thing by the environment. “By increasing the investment in these schemes, I want farmers to see this stacks up for business – whatever the size of your holding.” 