Stacey Solomon, 33, surprised fans last month as she revealed she is expecting a baby, who will be her fifth child - the third child she shares with husband Joe Swash. Now, fans of the Loose Women star have begun theorising she could be secretly in labour after noticing she had been absent on social media for longer than usual. Those following Stacey on Instagram suggested she had been less active on Instagram recently, after realising that she last posted two days ago. When she first announced her pregnancy, Stacey revealed she was already eight months pregnant, meaning her due date was imminent. Stacey’s latest post on social media put her blossoming baby bump on display in an off-the-shoulder frock on Wednesday. She could be seen smiling from ear to ear alongside her sister Jemma Solomon and Instagram cleaning star Mrs Hinch - AKA Sophie Hinchcliffe. Stacey looked phenomenal wearing a cosy-looking white coat over her baby-pink midi-dress. The TV star captioned the snap: "A day with my sister from birth and sisters not from the start, but the fate brought together by sisters by heart. “So grateful for these women in my life." The post’s comments section was inundated by fans wondering whether Stacey’s social media absence had anything to do with her upcoming due date. Katrinashenton11 said: “2 days since stace was on...wonder if she has had the baby. “I’m popping on every couple of hours to check for updates lol xxx” Lornamaslin added: “Has Stacey had the baby? No story!! I keep looking and she’s been very quiet. X” Heidi_hi_1980 commented: “@staceysolomon have you gone in to labour as your have been quite Nd not posted , good luck of you are x” (sic) DON'T MISSPrince Harry savaged by Chelsea Handler at Critics Choice Awards [LATEST]Escape to the Chateau's Angel Strawbridge admits issues at home [INSIGHT]Lisa Marie Presley slurs words at Golden Globes just before death [NEWS] Stacey shared the happy news with her fans on December 28, 2022, with a heartwarming Instagram post showing an insight into how Joe found out he is set to become a dad again. In the video, the Loose Women panellist was behind the camera holding up a positive pregnancy test in her hand while in the bathroom of her Pickle Cottage. She could be heard calling her other half into the room before he appeared on camera. With a wide grin, Joe gushed: "You're joking," before he kneeling down to embrace his wife and adding: "This is the best news baba."  Stacey already has son Rex, three, and daughter Rose, one, with Joe, who himself has a teenage son called Harry from a previous relationship. Zachary, 14, is her first son from her relationship with Dean Cox, but the couple split by the time the baby was born. She also has Leighton, 10, whose dad is Aaron Barham, who she split from in 2014, but the youngster is known to use her surname.