Chelsea are considering a ‘squad firesale’ over sacking head coach Graham Potter with four stars at risk of the axe, according to reports. Potter has now won just one of his last nine Premier League games and saw his side smashed by Manchester City in the FA Cup. Thursday’s 2-1 defeat by Fulham saw a pitiful display by the Blues as they were beaten by their west London rivals. Everything seems to be going wrong for Potter at the moment, with no sign of the situation improving. Joao felix was signed on loan from Atletico Madrid in a lucrative deal that could end up costing Chelsea around £15million. And the Portuguese had a debut to forget as he was sent off for a horror tackle on Kenny Tete midway through the second half. Chelsea’s fans have been split over Potter’s suitability to continue in the role, even if several hundred did wait outside Craven Cottage to shout their support for the former Brighton boss. Those in attendance report there being shouts of: “Don’t give up, keep the faith. Change the squad, they’re the problem!” JUST IN: Palace boss Vieira launches defence of Chelsea and 'quality' Potter The Blues’ hierarchy are set to listen to that section of the fanbase by coordinating a firesale of under-performing players. According to the Daily Telegraph, Champions League final match-winner Kai Havertz is one star who faces the chop. Fellow expensive signings Hakim Ziyech and Christian Pulisic could also be sold having failed to impress Potter. Neither have featured regularly under successive managers, with Thomas Tuchel also preferring other options over the duo. Chelsea could also cut their losses on flop defender Kalidou Koulibaly. The 31-year-old was an expensive arrival from Napoli and was signed to a four-year deal - a lengthy one for a player of his age. Any offers from Italy for the Senegal international would be considered. Koulibaly scored Chelsea’s goal in the defeat by Fulham but has struggled for consistency since his £33m switch to Stamford Bridge. DON'T MISS...Tottenham 'face sacrificing Harry Kane' to steal Josko GvardiolFour worst debuts in football after Joao Felix's Chelsea horror showFPL injury news - Nunez latest, Chelsea's injury chaos, Man Utd doubts Meanwhile, the report continues that Chelsea could allow Jorginho to depart at the end of his contract. The Italy midfielder has just six months to run and talks over an extension have stalled. Chelsea would also consider selling captain Cesar Azpilicueta and striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang at the right price. The latter’s only option would be to join an MLS side for the 2023 season as he has already played for two clubs in the European 2022-23 campaign. Despite the addition of Felix and having spent £280m in the summer, Chelsea are still interested in completing more deals. Borussia Monchengladbach’s Marcus Thuram and PSV’s Noni Madueke are on the Premier League club’s radar.