According to a recent survey from luxury homeware brand, DUSK, a third of people have been put off by a partner after discovering how long they wait between cleaning the sheets. However, less than half (42.5 percent) of Britons clean their sheets once a week, according to the survey. Cleaning experts claim most people should be washing their sheets at least once a week, with some people needing to wash their sheets even more if they have pets or they experience allergies and asthma. Lynsey Crombie, also known as the Queen of Clean on Instagram, said washing bed sheets “once a week is sufficient”. However, Lynsey did provide a cheeky hack for those who sleep alone in a double bed. She said: "If you have a double bed, sleep on your own, and time is against you, there is no harm in swapping sides and then washing once a fortnight." Those who suffer with allergies, bad hay fever, or if you simply have a cold should wash their pillowcases more often or can swap them around. Washing pillowcases is far easier than washing bed sheets, duvet covers and other items of bedding like throws. READ MORE: Mould will ‘vanish’ from bathroom sealant and grout with 95p spray During the winter months, it’s important to try and keep bed sheets as clean as possible, especially when winter bugs are more frequent and germs are easily spreadable. When we sleep we spread germs without even realising from our saliva to bacteria on our skin. This makes it harder for our bodies to recover and can even quickly pass on to anyone else sleeping in the same bed. James Higgins, CEO of Ethical Bedding, the UK’s first B-corp bedding brand said those with a cold or the flu should change their bedding every 72 hours. DON'T MISS'Only' method to 'completely remove' lawn mushrooms in winter [INSIGHT]‘Simple’ methods to add 10% to property value through gardens [UPDATE]'Easy' tip to banish the 'dark build-up' of mould from bathroom taps [ANALYSIS] He said: “When you are suffering from a cold or flu you should try to change your bedding every 72 hours. “You don’t have to wash the bedding, but you should swap it out for fresh sheets to get rid of the bacteria that could be lingering within your bedding. “Viruses can sit within your sheets and pillows for quite some time, and you could in fact pass the flu onto your partner through your bedsheets, and make it harder for you to recover too. “To give yourself the best chance of improving immunity in your sleep, be sure to change your sheets and pillowcases every three days.” READ MORE: Mum's oven cleaning tip will keep it 'cleaner for longer' Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea To prevent spreading germs on bedding, it should be washed frequently in a hot wash, even if it’s a highly absorbent fabric. Anti-bacterial laundry cleansers, a colour-safe bleach or hydrogen peroxide can then be used to effectively sanitise sheets. Ensure you do a patch test before using a product to check whether it damages your sheets. Once washed, dry your sheets properly either in a dryer or in the sun. Sunlight has disinfecting properties which will help kill off any lingering nasties. Luckily, strict rituals are followed across the country when it comes to keeping sheets clean, according to DUSK’s survey. More than half of Britons incorporate a bath or shower as part of their routine before sleeping in a freshly made bed. Half also refuse to eat in bed on laundry day, while 15.6 percent omit fake tanning from their bedtime routine. When it comes to pets, two-thirds (66.1 percent) agree that animals are banned from the bed when sheets are freshly laundered. The results also showed that Sunday is the most popular day to change sheets, with a quarter of Britons (26.6 percent) swapping bed linen on this day.