Haggis is a traditional Scottish savoury pudding that can be eaten all year round, though it is one of the most popular dishes to appear on the table on Burns Night. Spending hours cooking this unique dish the traditional way is one way to mark Wednesday, January 25 in honour of Robert Burns, though it can be done in much less time using an air fryer. If you're short on time or hosting some last-minute celebrations, Chef Dennis Littley - also known as "Ask Chef Dennis", exclusively shared his quick air-fried haggis recipe.  Burns Night marks the anniversary of the poet Robert Burns' birth, one of the most famous and celebrated Scotsmen in history. Haggis is traditionally served on the occasion because of the poet's own efforts in promoting the meaty delicacy, which would have been considered a nourishing and cheap meal for poorer families to prepare. Dennis told Express.co.uk: "You can’t celebrate Burns Night without eating haggis, one of Scotland's most famous delicacies. "Making the perfect feast is easy to do with the help of an air fryer, which means you have more time to spend with your guests rather than spending hours in the kitchen." READ MORE: 'Simple' methods to reheat pizza without creating a 'soggy dough' Dennis noted that there is "absolutely no reason" not to cook this famous dish in such a modern appliance, adding that it can taste just as good as if it were cooked traditionally. The chef said: "It won’t alter the taste or texture of the dish and it is much more efficient than standard oven cooking. Your air fryer’s manual may have some suggestions on how to cook certain types of meat, but it’s rare that haggis will be included in that." Sharing his own unique method for cooking haggis in under 10 minutes, Dennis noted that you will need to use a prepackaged chunk, which can be purchased in Tesco for just £2.25. Once you have sourced the meaty product, you will need to cut it up into "smaller" and more "manageable pieces" to ensure it cooks more evenly. DON'T MISS:'Michelin star' method for a 'perfect, runny' poached egg [REVEAL]Chef's 'perfect Monday night' taco recipe to use up leftovers [TIPS]I made Prince William & Harry's 'favourite' £3.97 Spaghetti Bolognese [INSIGHT] Dennis noted that if you buy haggis frozen, you should soften it in the appliance before cooking it through to make it easier to cut. Do this by placing it in the air fryer, whole, for six or seven minutes. When you're able to slice it into even portions, you can move on to completing the dish. The chef said: "Once you’ve placed the chunks of haggis in the air fryer, they only need around seven to 10 minutes to cook at 180C. "Of course, the thicker the piece of meat is, the longer you’ll need to cook it just like a regular oven." READ MORE: Chef shares 'healthier' seasonal curried cauliflower pie recipe When it comes to serving your freshly cooked haggis, a traditional side of "Neeps and Tatties" is the best way to enjoy the dish. Better known as turnips and potatoes in England, "Neeps" are easy to cook, as are "Tatties", either in a pan of boiling water or in the oven. However, if you're short on time, Dennis noted that both side dishes can also be air fried for an even quicker Burns Night meal. He said: "Cut these into chunks and serve with a little butter over the cooked vegetables. Serve with a rich creamy whisky sauce or some simple gravy." If you want to try something different, the chef recommended a haggis grilled sandwich. To make this, you will need: