 Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer has called for Prime Minister Rishi Sunak to resolve the post-Brexit trade issues in Northern Ireland and stand up to Eurosceptics in the Conservative Party. However, Express.co.uk readers are divided over whether Mr Sunak should stand firm against the European Research Group (ERG) of Tory backbenchers, a new poll has found.  Speaking at Queen’s University in Belfast on Friday said it was time for Mr Sunak to face down the hardline Brexiteers in the ERG and resist “siren voices” in Westminster if they try to block a deal. He said: “If there is a deal to do in the coming weeks, do it. Whatever political cover you need, whatever mechanisms in Westminster you require, if it delivers for our national interest, and the people of Northern Ireland, we will support you. “The time for action on the Protocol is now. The time to stand up to the ERG is now. The time to put Northern Ireland above a Brexit purity cult, which could never be satisfied, is now.” He added that there is a “small window of opportunity” to resolve the Protocol ahead of the 25th anniversary of the Good Friday agreement in April. He explained: “We’ve got to use the anniversary to fix minds, get the country and its political process moving forward again – deliver for the people of Northern Ireland.” READ MORE: Brexit doubts explode as EU waiting for UK to be 'governed by Labour'  In response, Express.co.uk ran a poll from 11.30am on Friday, January 13, to 1.30pm on Monday, January 16, asking readers: “Should Rishi Sunak 'stand up' to the European Research Group?” In total, 1,304 readers responded and votes were divided with 50 percent (656 people) answering “no” he should not, compared to 49 percent (638 people) who said “yes” he should. A further one percent (10 people) said they did not know either way. Hundreds of comments were left below the accompanying article as readers discussed how Mr Sunak should treat the ERG.  Some readers commented that Mr Sunak should engage with the ERG. Username In the bag said: “Sunak should seek advice from ERG on how to resolve Brexit issues, not stand up to them.” Another, username DoggyPaws, said: “The ERG support the democratic decision of the country to leave the EU! Sunak should be looking at how to employ them to sort out our Brexit properly, not looking for ways to oppose them.” Similarly, username bobpage added: “No, he should be engaging with the ERG and the DUP to solve this crisis.” While username JL77 said: “The ERG is protecting democracy. We do not regret Brexit and never will get it done properly.” DON'T MISS: Jacob Rees-Mogg casts doubt over breakthrough in Brexit trade talks [LATEST]Brexit Britain could make millions a year through duty free sales [INSIGHT]Remainer Hammond admits 'no way back' to EU but takes swipe at Brexit [UPDATE]  Other readers argued that Mr Sunak needed to take on the ERG, with username CliveLondon commenting that “the ERG have destroyed the UK”. Username Bakelite said: “Seeking advice from the very people who caused the problem in the first place is never a good idea.” Username walktheplank said: “He should, but he won't.” And username g4ttmc wrote: “He needs to stand up for the country.”  The Northern Ireland Protocol was agreed upon by former Prime Minister Boris Johnson as part of his Brexit deal. It ensured that a land border was not created between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, which is an EU member. However, the additional red tape has effectively created a sea border with Great Britain. Northern Ireland has been without an executive since February since the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) refused to enter a power-sharing executive with Sinn Fein in protest over the Protocol. Last week the EU and the UK reached an agreement on sharing trade data and on Monday Foreign Secretary James Cleverly will discuss further proposals with EU chief negotiator Maros Sefcovic. A spokesman for Mr Sunak said: “We continue to work closely with our EU counterparts.” They added that it remains our ambition to try and reach an agreement as soon as we can with the EU”.