Michael Andretti has denied claims that Cadillac would not be involved in the team’s F1 project. The American constructor announced a partnership with the General Motors brand last week after the FIA opened expressions of interest for F1 entry. The US-based team felt that joining with a manufacturer would be the last obstacle to securing a spot on the grid. However, the team continues to face opposition with some questioning Cadillac’s involvement. According to Reuters, a senior team figure claimed Cadillac’s role was a “badging exercise” rather than a full commitment. But this has been denied by Andretti, who claims the iconic marque will have an important role. He told Forbes: “It’s a rumour – it’s not true – Cadillac will be very much involved in the manufacturing of the car. READ MORE: FIA president ignores Toto Wolff as bosses press ahead with plans “If we get in, in 2025, there won’t be a new engine yet, so we would have to go with a formula that is used now, but in 2026 there are various things we can do with another engine manufacturer. It would not be a badged engine, because there would be intellectual property from Cadillac in that engine, so that is not a badged engine.” Andretti continues to face opposition from rival team bosses over plans to expand the grid. He admitted that only McLaren boss Zak Brown and French manufacturer Alpine showed support for the project. It comes after reports suggested at least eight teams were against F1 increasing the current grid. DON'T MISSAndretti hits back at F1 'greed' after teams anger at expansion plans [INSIGHT]F1 rebellion breaking out behind the scenes over FIA president's plan [ANALYSIS]FIA boss left astounded by reaction to Andretti-Cadillac plans for F1 [COMMENT] One of the biggest arguments is financial, with bosses worried they would lose a share of their incomes by allowing a new entry. A slice of F1’s commercial rights are split between teams at the end of the season based on the finishing positions in the Constructors’ Championship. However, an 11th team would mean the same pot is divided by one extra team, leading to less money. F1’s Concorde Agreement mandates that new teams have to pay a £164million ($200m) dilution fund for a spot on the grid. But, there are concerns this may not be enough due to the sport’s rising demand which could increase the sport’s value. Andretti fired back at their rivals, stressing they only cared about their finances rather than growing the sport. He added: “It’s all about money. First, they think they are going to get diluted one-tenth of their prize money, but they also get very greedy thinking we will take all the American sponsors as well. It’s all about greed and looking at themselves and not looking at what is best for the overall growth of the series.”