Ann Russell has been nicknamed The TikTok Auntie by her followers, thanks to her insightful tips, tricks and life advice videos which have appealed to all generations. In a recent video, she responded to a middle-aged commenter with her advice on remaining positive as you age. The commenter asked: "Ann how do you stay so positive and optimistic about your longevity? Having reached middle age I worry about how much time I have left." According to Ann, the key is about being "comfortable". The professional cleaner-turned-writer, who currently has 2.3M followers on her @annrussell03 TikTok page, eschews "fad diets" and recommends never parting with loved ones on bad terms. "There are no guarantees, are there? I could be hit by a bus tomorrow," she said. "There are no guarantees. I say I love you to people when I say goodbye to them in case I never see them again. READ MORE: Incredibly youthful woman in her 40s shares 4 tips to look young "I try and make sure I don't part from people on bad terms and I assume that I will live a very long time, but equally, I try and live as if today is my last day." Although she understands that a healthy lifestyle is key, Ann veers away from doing anything "weird" in pursuit of weight loss. "I look after my body as much as it is sensible," she explained. "I wouldn't do weird diets although I am trying to trim a little bit of my spare tyre off so my wetsuit zips up. But I am not going to worry, I'm not going to do fad diets, I'm just going to keep reasonably active, read as many books as I like, live life in a way that makes me comfortable." DON'T MISSAstrology expert shares 5 star signs that will be luckiest this year [ANALYSIS]Hair: The 'only' time you should wash your hair - expert tips [COMMENT]Dermatologist’s ‘anti-ageing’ tip to take 'eight years off your face' [INSIGHT] Ann also recommends making sure to do things that make you feel good throughout the day. "Get lots of sleep," she said. "Otherwise I feel crap." She added: "I just assume I will live forever. And if I die tomorrow, well that will be very unfortunate but hopefully, people will remember me kindly. And if they don't it doesn't matter because I won't know anything about it." Positive thinking has been attributed towards better mental and physical health as we age. Experts from Web MD explained: "During a study, women who were more optimistic were less likely to die from cancer, heart disease, stroke, respiratory disease, and infection. "And in a study of people over the age of 50, those who had more positive thoughts about ageing lived longer. They also had less stress-related inflammation, which shows one possible link between their thoughts and health." Ann's insight has been applauded by followers, with many sharing their own journey towards positivity as they age. A user posting under the handle DustyFingers02 said: "I feel when we hit our age we learn to live each day, I no longer procrastinate, tomorrow may never happen." Another user, named Luke said: "I stay positive as many poor souls don’t sadly make as far as I have. I’m grateful for this. I live for today." An account named The Swiss Family added: "Honestly this is the best life advice everyone should have. So simple, so happy, so full of love. Thank you."