For the past seven seasons of Below Deck Mediterranean, Captain Sandy has led the crew through charters as they sailed across the sunny seas. However, after an ongoing feud with Hannah Ferrier since season five, the captain revealed she would not have the chief stew back onboard the superyacht. Throughout the years, Captain Sandy has remained a favourite among fans for how she led the crew and for her fair, yet no-nonsense attitude. When Hannah first joined the show in 2016, it became clear the two didn’t see eye to eye about how to run a boat. But nevertheless, they were able to work together and provide guests with a great charter experience. Their amicable nature soon became a thing of the past when Captain Sandy was forced to fire Hannah during season five.  READ MORE: Ken Bruce quits BBC Radio 2 after 31 years Things took a turn for the worse when bosun Malia White reported Hannah for having Valium and a CBD vape pen in her cabin. Although the chief stew claimed they were for medical purposes to help her anxiety, Hannah’s contract was terminated. While this decision left fans divided, their feud continued away from the screens as the two are still not on speaking terms. During a recent appearance on Watch What Happens Live, the Captain had another dig at the former chief stew.  Host Andy Cohen asked: “Tell me who you’d rather have on your team, starting with Hannah or Fraser [Olender] chief stew?” To which Captain Sandy simply snubbed Hannah and replied: “Fraser.” After she was fired, Hannah hit back: “I sometimes feel with her … she’s not honest with herself, like she says, ‘Oh, it wasn’t personal,’ the firing. “I was like, ‘It’s kind of funny because Kat [Held] had prescription meds that Captain Lee had found out about and she didn’t get fired.” DON'T MISS...Phillip Schofield sparks uproar as he defends Jeremy Clarkson [REACTION]Below Deck Adventure’s Faye Clark opens up on ‘horrific’ yacht moment [INSIGHT]Below Deck Adventure’s Kerry Titheradge shares ‘challenging’ show part [INSIGHT] Speaking to US Weekly, she added: “There wasn’t a need to fire me for that. It was a hundred percent personal, but I guess whatever helps you sleep at night.” While Captain Sandy defended her choice and insisted it wasn’t personal as she stated: “She’s still angry. It’s so hard because for me, it wasn’t personal. It’s about my career. “When a crew member shows me something and three other crew members are copied on it, my hands are tied. Yeah. I can’t.” “Also, when the trust level is broken for me as a captain, I’m not taking anybody to sea.  “People [tried] to take my license over the years, really, because of things that happen [with the] crew, “ Sandy added to US Weekly. After the episode aired, Maila was also probed on her reasons for telling Sandy and confessed she felt the boat, crew and future charter guests were at risk. She revealed: “I think in that moment when [Hannah] asked for Valium is when it really hit me that those were the pills that she was taking every night all season.” During her appearance on Watch What Happens Live, she told Andy Cohen: “That’s when it became a real serious thing for me.” Below Deck Mediterranean seasons 1-7 are available to stream on Bravo in the US and on Hayu in the UK. 