Prince Harry unloaded a host of new explosive allegations against the Royal Family last weekend. Prince William, King Charles III and Camilla, the Queen Consort, all featured in his interviews with 60 Minutes and ITV. The royal has embarked on media rounds as the world anticipates his book "Spare". Speaking on 60 Minutes with Anderson Cooper last Sunday, the Prince said he once felt his now stepmother was "the villain". He told Mr Cooper: "She was the villain. She was the third person in their marriage. She needed to rehabilitate her image." He claimed she was "dangerous" because she was forging "connections" with the "British press". READ MORE: Harry had ‘proper laugh’ teaching Queen Mother Ali G style wrist slap Prince Harry has damaged the Royal Family's public image over the last two months, with his and Meghan Markle's Netflix documentary opening the floodgates. But despite astonishing allegations set against his close family, the Prince told Tom Brady during his ITV interview that he seeks "reconciliation". He said: “I want reconciliation. But first, there needs to be some accountability.” While he seeks reconciliation, the Prince added in his interview with Mr Bradby that something is standing in his way. He said mending his relationship with the Firm is “100 percent” possible but that an unnamed “they" feel otherwise. He accused them of feeling "as though it’s better to keep us somehow as the villains”. Expanding on his hopes with Anderson Cooper on 60 Minutes, the Prince said there is little communication between him and his UK-based family. He is not "currently" speaking with his brother but aims to re-establish their once close connection. He told Mr Cooper: "I look forward to us being able to find peace." The Prince's ITV interview saw him reject accusations that sprouted from another he conducted alongside his wife in 2021. The Duke and Duchess sat down for their first tell-all chat with Oprah Winfrey two years ago, and his wife touched on "concerns and conversations" around their son's skin colour. Mr Bradby said the couple accused "members of your family of racism", but the Prince rejected that conclusion. The Duke accused "the British press" of promoting the narrative and added he wouldn't describe the incident as racist. Instead, he pointed towards an "unconscious bias" within the Firm, something he said was "different" from racism. He said: "Once it's been acknowledged or pointed out to you as an individual, otherwise an institution, that you have unconscious bias, you, therefore, have an opportunity to learn and grow from that. He added: "Otherwise, unconscious bias then moves into the category of racism."