Prince Harry’s bombshell new memoir, Spare, various interviews he has given in anticipation of its publication on Tuesday, January 10, and his and Meghan Markle's Netflix docu-series have all pulled the curtain on the Royal Family, particularly its relationship with the press. In Spare, the Duke of Sussex suggests that senior members compete to make the paper’s front pages with some even being told not to work or pose in certain ways to ensure others are given precedence. The 38-year-old told how in 2015, William — or “Willy” as he calls him — had to do as much work as their father, King Charles III, wanted him to do. At that time, William and Kate were busy with their young family with their second child, Princess Charlotte, born in May of that year. But the Duke of Cambridge had been branded “workshy Wills” by the media. William and Kate were not told to work much because, Harry explained, Charles did not want the them to take the attention away from him and Camilla by getting “loads of publicity”. Getting press attention was a serious matter: it was something William had been “openly scolded about many times”, Harry recalled.    One example Harry gives of these incidents culminated in Charles — who Harry refers to as “Pa” — and Kate’s respective press offices having a row. Both senior royals were scheduled to do an engagement on the same day with Kate due to make an appearance at a tennis club. Initially, Kate’s team was ordered to cancel her appearance altogether as it would take the attention away from the now King. But when it was realised that it was too late for changes to be made, she was under strict orders not to pose with a tennis racquet. READ MORE: ‘Glimpse of empathy’ from Harry to William in new interview    The Duke of Sussex wrote: “Pa’s press officer berated Willy’s team when Kate was scheduled to visit a tennis club on the same day Pa was doing an engagement. “Told that it was too late to cancel the visit, Pa’s press office warned: Just make sure the Duchess doesn’t hold a tennis racquet in any of the photos.” This had been strictly prohibited, Harry explained, because such a “winning” and “fetching” photo would ruin Charles and Camilla’s chances of being on the front page of the papers the following day. He added: “That couldn’t be tolerated under any circumstances.” DON'T MISS: Man diagnosed with brain tumour after routine eye test [INSIGHT]New plan to completely outlaw cigarettes in warning to smokers [REPORT]Widow terrified of debt collectors trying to repossess Spanish home [PICTURE]  Like all of the other claims, the Palace has not yet commented on this event. In Spare, penned with the help of ghostwriter J. R. Moehringer, Harry also claims that Charles was jealous of both Kate and his wife of four years, Meghan Markle. Making a reference to his late mother and Charles’ wife of 15 years, Diana, Princess of Wales, who was dubbed the “People’s Princess” thanks to her popularity, Harry claimed his father wanted to ensure that he was not outshone again. He went on to tell of how he believed his father was worried Meghan had the potential to “dominate the monarchy” and become another Diana.   