 Kim Kardashian, 42, was showing off her daughter’s lavish birthday party when she snapped some photos of her little family. Young Saint West, seven, donned his favourite team’s football shirt, whipping viewers into a frenzy.   Saint and his younger brother Psalm, three, posed with their mum and Hello Kitty at their sister’s birthday bash as she turned five. While little Psalm flashed his brightest smile, viewers were transfixed by Saint’s Arsenal shirt. The collection of photos on Instagram now has over three million likes, with many in the comment section pointing out Saint’s affinity for the team. One declared: “Omg Arsenal supporter” in a comment which now has over three hundred likes. READ MORE: Judge Robert Rinder 'unrecognisable' in transformation after break with Carol Vorderman  Another declared the youngster “a little gunner” while some simply chanted in all caps: “ARSENAL ARSENAL ARSENAL.” A fellow Arsenal supporter wrote: “Saint supports the right team.” The news spread across social media, with Arsenal fans sharing their joy on Twitter: “Saint West in an Arsenal jersey, damn this season is really wild.” Another joked: “Arsenal fans killing me on that Kim Kardashian post. They saw Saint wearing a gunners jersey and lost it.”     Kim also shared some snaps of the smiling birthday girl, who donned an adorable all-pink outfit with matching pink braids. Just hours after Kim shared the celebratory pictures, a 4.2 magnitude earthquake struck Malibu, California in the middle of the night. The socialite assured fans she and her family were fine as she shared screenshots of their group chat. Kim, her mother Kris Kardashian and Kendall Jenner all checked in with each other right after the earthquake, as they had all been woken by the shaking.  Saint will also soon be making his film debut alongside his elder sister North, as they are set to star in the upcoming Paw Patrol Movie sequel. Kim is set to reprise her role from the original film as Delores the poodle, while Saint will be making a small cameo appearance. North, however, is set to be joining the cast in a larger role as one of three new puppies. Also in the new pup-trio will be award-winning child actor Alan Kim, eight, and TikTok star Brice Gonzalez, who was part of the viral father-son duo Enkyboys.  Sadly, it was announced yesterday that Brice’s father, Randy Gonzalez, had died at the age of 35. TMZ reported that the TikTok star had passed away in a hospice after struggling with colon cancer. Randy had been open with his fans about his diagnosis, first announcing it in April last year and revealing he had been given two to three years to live.