 A disabled woman has died 11 months after she was “thrown” from a wheelchair while boarding a plane in the US. Gaby Assouline, 25, was paralysed from the neck down and left bedbound in hospital following the fall at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Florida in February 2022 Ms Assouline, who was due to be flying to Denver with Southwest Airlines, was refused proper help by airline employees, her family alleged in a lawsuit filed in March. They claim she had been "thrown" from the electric wheelchair when it hit a junction in the bridge, causing a broken neck and damaged spinal cord. In a devastating update on Monday, Ms Assouline’s family said she had died in a post on her GoFundMe page, which has raised $137,421 for medical bills. "It's with a heavy heart and profound sorrow that we announce the passing of our precious daughter and sister Gabrielle on Sunday, January 22," they wrote.     "Gaby's life was tragically interrupted 11 months ago but she put up the greatest fight with grace, friends, laughter and the strong belief that she would leave the hospital and come home very soon. "Unfortunately, complications robbed Gaby of that ending." They added: "Gaby was not alone at the end. We were all blessed to be with her bedside, crying, praying and sharing Gaby stories.” Ms Assouline had been suffering with an extremely rare condition called Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva, a condition which involves muscle tissue turning to bone. READ MORE: NASA 'felt pressured' to launch doomed Space Shuttle Challenger      Mum Sandra said her daughter was being fed through a testing tube and could no longer speak in the months before her death. Southwest Airlines claimed in court papers that Gaby refused rather than requested help on the day of the incident. Her mum maintains that she had asked to use a wheelchair and for staff to help her daughter move around the airport.      The airline addressed Gaby's death this week, writing in a statement: "Southwest offers its sincere condolences to Ms Assouline's family, friends and all whose lives she touched. "We have a more than 51-year commitment to caring for our people and customers and remain engaged with the parties involved." Express.co.uk has approach Southwest Airlines for comment.  