Lockwood and Co has just arrived on Netflix, with the title character Anthony Lockwood (played by Cameron Chapman) operating from 35 Portland Row in London. The quirky house belonged to his parents, who both died when he was young. Express.co.uk has all you need to know about his family history. Neither of Anthony's parents appear in person in the series as they died when he was a child. His father Donald was a psychic investigator and researcher. He spent a lot of his time travelling the world with his wife, researching the spirit plagues. They used to bring home plenty of artefacts that viewers can see in Lockwood's home. READ MORE: Ruby Stokes' age explained as Lucy star shines in Lockwood and Co Celia was Lockwood's mother who had two children, Anthony and an older daughter called Jessica. She and her husband brought home a dangerous artefact that would cause devastating consequences for the family. Celia's death is something Anthony finds hard to talk about and his family history is one of his many secrets. He suggested the necklace he gives Lucy Carlyle (Ruby Stokes) may have belonged to his mother. READ MORE: Lockwood and Co cast features some rising stars of 2023 Jessica is Anthony's older sister who died when she was just fifteen years old. She was killed after breaking an Indonesian ghost pot her parents had brought back from an expedition. As the pot had an inner lining of iron, it was enough to keep the ghost at bay while it was closed. However, when Jessica dropped it, the ghost was released and it killed her. DON'T MISS... Cameron Chapman is much older than his character Anthony Lockwood Lockwood and Co ends on the ultimate cliffhanger with mystery room Lockwood & Co trailer teases Bridgerton star’s new role Anthony was nine when he heard his sister screaming from her bedroom. He managed to defeat the ghost but was not able to save his sister, which is something he struggles to come to terms with. The loss of his sister impacted him deeply, especially when he discovered his sight talent. In the original books, Lockwood describes Lucy as being similar to his sister as she is headstrong and passionate. Whatever Lockwood is hiding in his secret room could be related to his late sister. Unable to move on from her death, he could hold something within the room that acts as a constant reminder. The youngster is a very secretive character who never gives much away about his troubled past. Viewers will have to wait and see whether some of his family secrets are revealed.  Lockwood and Co is on Netflix now