Many now feel afraid if a loved one has to go into hospital and shudder at the thought of a sick parent, child or spouse spending hours on a trolley in a corridor. Yet many MPs are too afraid to criticise a service they have put on a pedestal and often the only solution they offer is to pump more money into it. But despite funnelling record sums of taxpayers' cash into healthcare, waiting lists have hit record levels, ambulance response times are worse than ever and there were 51,159 excess deaths last year.  But the crisis is not limited to emergency care. Ask anyone who tried to see their GP recently. Shadow health secretary Wes Streeting has taken an important first step by admitting what is plain for all to see - that the NHS is no longer the envy of the world. The challenge for politicians in all parties and leaders across our health and social care services is to make a start on resolving this crisis now. As our investigation reveals today, it will take at least 10 years to overhaul the archaic system - and that is if warring politicians can muster the resolve to agree on a plan. Today we highlight some important nettles that must be grasped quickly. The health service cannot function properly until the parallel crisis in social care is resolved. People who should be discharged languish in hospitals because personal care they need is not available. There is no quick fix to these challenges but action must not be delayed by short-term electoral calculations. It is time for politicians of every persuasion to stop treating the NHS like a sacred cow, admit it's broken and start asking questions on future funding, the service offered and its management. For starters, they must stop using the NHS to score cheap political points. Labour's attempt to put Rishi Sunak under pressure over his use of private healthcare smacks of hypocrisy when at least four shadow cabinet members have also done so. Desperate families across the country "go private" to ensure people they love get the help they need. With hard work the NHS can become the envy of the world again. But it will take so long there is not a moment to lose.  Harry's admission that he has more bombshells in his arsenal and that his memoir "could have been two books" will fill anyone who cares about the happiness of the Royal Family with dread. The commercial success of his ghost-written book will spawn more lucrative opportunities for the Duke and Duchess and Sussex to smear the reputation of their more discreet relatives. For Harry's own good, we hope he declines to cash in. He is in grave danger of doing irreparable harm to his own reputation. This tormented young dad risks being defined for the rest of his life by his present dirt-dishing antics. All who wish him well will hope he steps out of the limelight and devotes himself to the good works for which he was once admired. 