A landslip has caused part of a lane to collapse into a garden following heavy rain. The incident happened in Holmfirth, Yorkshire, when a retaining wall, which was badly damaged in March last year finally gave way in a storm. When the structure was first damaged, Labour-controlled Kirklees Council said it was not its responsibility because it was along a private road. Photographs show rubble now at the foot of a steep drop from the damaged road. Safety barriers have been placed around the damage, Yorkshire Live reports. Homes are adjacent to the collapse and drivers are encouraged to avoid the road, a cut-through between Holmfirth and rural Yorkshire villages including Hepworth and Jackson Bridge. Councillor Moses Crook, who represents Labour, released an update on Facebook on New Year's Eve. He said: "Unfortunately, a retaining wall below South Lane has collapsed during the recent wet weather. We are doing everything necessary to make this safe and we (myself and Cllr Paul Davies) are in close contact with senior Kirklees officers who are at work and dealing with this issue. "The highways team will be placing additional barriers and cones in place on site asap and the on call structural engineer is currently assessing the situation. The road will be closed if deemed necessary but the current intention is to keep a single carriageway of 2.5m wide open to maintain access. "The site will be monitored over the New Year and emergency planning teams will be visiting the site to review these interim measures. Holme Valley South councillors have been liaising with Kirklees officers and the adjacent landowner to agree on necessary repairs to this wall which had been showing signs of movement. "A repair will hopefully follow early in the new year. I will post an update as soon as I have more information and please feel free to contact either myself or Cllr Paul Davies with any concerns or for further information in the interim."  In an initial post on Wednesday, Holme Valley Conservatives said: "Please be cautious near this wall collapse on South Lane, Holmfirth. This stretch of wall has finally collapsed in the heavy rains over recent days. Cllr Firth is aware and KMC have erected additional signage and flood measures. "Unfortunately this wall is another structure whereby KMC and property owners are in disagreement in respect of responsibility. Many dry stone walls are structurally failing across the Holme Valley. Do you know who is responsible for maintaining yours?" 