Manchester United star Wout Weghorst has admitted his side will need to improve from their first-half showing against Nottingham Forest if they’re to go all the way in the Carabao Cup. The Red Devils won 3-0 at the City Ground with the Dutchman, Marcus Rashford and Bruno Fernandes all on target. And they’re now just one match away from a first final under Erik ten Hag. Manchester United took the lead against Forest through Rashford, with the England international finishing expertly after a mazy run. Weghorst then doubled his side’s advantage, with the Netherlands international striking from close range following a shot from Antony. And Fernandes made the result safe late on, boosting United’s chances of playing in a final against either Newcastle or Southampton next month. For Weghorst, it was a night to remember with the 30-year-old bagging his first goal since his move from Burnley earlier this month. But the striker has complained about United’s first-half performance and feels they need to improve if they’re to go all the way in the competition, despite their strong advantage. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “When I saw the high bouncing ball, I just went straight for the rebound and it came exactly like I hoped in front of my feet, and I could finish it,” he told club media. “You’re happy and of course you wanted it [his first goal], so that’s a good thing. I’m happy to help the team in this way because I also think it was an important moment shortly before half-time. “It gave us a way better feeling because, to be honest, the first half was not how we wanted it. I think it was also a good moment.” He added: “Yeah, I am enjoying it [my time at the club], it goes quickly. “It’s three games already played and not much time to enjoy everything. It’s all about delivering and it’s all about being there and it’s something I try to do, and we all get focused and ready for the next cup game. We go again.” DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see Weghorst did praise the result, however, while acknowledging United were fortunate to see a Forest goal disallowed by VAR. He said: “It's a great result, a great first win in the first match, but of course now it’s a big opportunity to go to the final. “There’s one match to go. If we play like we did in the second half where we were more calm on the ball, with more easy play, and just controlled the game, then I don’t see any reason to get in trouble next week. “But of course, it’s a match and you saw in the first half, we have to deliver and do things well otherwise you can get in trouble. “We were lucky with the 1-1 [Forest's equaliser] that was cancelled. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here “We have to be ready and we have to be focused. You’re never allowed to give this away.” Ten Hag, meanwhile, was delighted at seeing Weghorst get off the mark for United. "I know this is what he is capable of,” said the 52-year-old. “He has a really good goalscoring record but I think we created some more, really good chances. “Also, I think on the right side there was a good action from Antony and he [Wout] was on the rebound. It was a real striker's goal and therefore we got it." And he also hailed Rashford by saying: "Once again, he is actually unstoppable when he is in this mood, when he is in this spirit, in this focus. “But [he can] keep going when he keeps this focus. I know football. Football form is a thin line so don't drop off. “We all know he can stay there but also the team can work for him and we can bring him in such positions that he can score such goals. “And I think as a team we improve in that aspect of the game, that our attacking game is more and more attractive, with more and more adventure, more and more movement so we have to make more investment in that because if you want to be really successful I think every team needs it."