Alba Party MP Kenny MacAskill called for an end to consumers having their power turned off because they cannot afford to top up their meter, which is known as self-disconnection. He said those “afflicted by self-disconnection and all its misery are also civilians but we are at peace, not war”. The MP for East Lothian, Scotland, asked an urgent question in the Commons about the forced installation of prepayment meters in the homes of customers who are struggling to pay their bills. He told his fellow MPs in a statement: "A parliamentary answer on Tuesday disclosed that around 66,000 households in Scotland and 660,000 across Britain, had self-disconnected from smart meters in quarter three of last year." The representative warned self-disconnection is a "euphemism for being simply unable to afford to heat or power your home". He also said the figures were from before the rise in energy bills last year and before the winter temperatures arrived, so they would be only the “tip of the iceberg” and do not represent those on legacy prepayment meters. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payment: When will you be paid as £25 payments triggered again Average energy bills increased to £2,500 in October last year, when the Energy Price Guarantee came in, capping the unit price of energy. The guarantee is increasing in April when average bills will go up to £3,000 a year. Mr McAskill asked: "Given this cruelty in cold winter, will the minister now, firstly, forthwith, end the forced installation of prepayment meters? "Secondly, immediately abolish the perverse higher standing charges and tariffs for prepayment meters? And thirdly, as a matter of urgency, bring in a social tariff for the poorest and most vulnerable?" Business minister Graham Stuart spoke in reply about Government efforts to reach out to energy suppliers "calling on them to take every step to support consumers in difficulty".  He said: "The Government wants to see much greater efforts from suppliers to help consumers in payment difficulties, including offers of additional credit, debt forgiveness or debt advice. "There are also established industry rules and processes to reduce the risk of self-disconnection…it's vital that these rules are followed. “The Secretary of State wrote to Ofgem to ensure they take a robust approach to compliance." The Government minister said the numbers of consumers who were physically disconnected from power last year were “in single figures”. READ MORE: Council tax discounts: What to do if you can't pay as Britons could see bills go up by 5% Mr Stuart said prepayment meters have to be an "absolute last resort" and he said "all supplies required to provide emergency credit when the meter runs out". People on prepayment meters pay for their gas and electricity by adding credit to a card or key, at a corner shop or Post Office. This is more expensive than paying by direct debit. Suppliers have been increasingly using court warrants to force households to install prepayment meters, or have been automatically switching people onto smart meters. Labour demanded earlier this month for energy firms to be banned from the practice of forcing customers onto prepayment meters. All people in England, Wales and Scotland with a domestic energy supply are receiving a £400 discount off their energy bills being paid in instalments between October 2022 and March 2023. The first two instalments were for £66 while the other four instalments are for £67. The £400 is being paid to people in Northern Ireland but forms part of a larger £600 payment going out to all households. Prepayment customers are being sent vouchers to redeem at the Post Office while those who pay by direct debit will be credited with the funds automatically. Those who do not have a bank or credit union account will also be able to redeem their vouchers for cash at the Post Office, subject to the branch having the cash available.