Swansea beauty Anna-May Robey is the youngest contestant in this year's original Love Island line-up. Ahead of joining a host of other sexy singletons in the ITV2 show's stunning South African villa, the payroll administrator addressed having cosmetic surgery with Express.co.uk.  Love Island returns to ITV2 tonight for an all-new series presented by Glow Up host Maya Jama, 28, who has replaced Laura Whitmore. A total of 12 contestants have been revealed so far and 10 of them are set to meet each other in the opening episode. Anna-May confidently told Express.co.uk and other media she believes she will not have any problems making friends on the show. However, she added: "However, it’s Love Island, not friendship island, so we are in there to find someone, not to find friendships, even though coming out of it with friendships would be amazing.  READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums "I am quite a girl code person but I would let them know if I fancied a man, I’d let them know if I wanted to pull them over for a chat." When asked if she was a natural beauty, the Welsh star detailed the procedures she has undergone. "I’ve had a little bit of lip filler, it was not something I was insecure about before though," Anna-May said. "I did have a boob job a couple of months ago but I don’t feel like those are things women need to get done. "My boobs, I just had them done for confidence reasons."  She issued a warning about cosmetic surgery, adding: "If someone approached me about it I’d tell them to think about it first as it’s not going to change your life. "It's not going to make you a million per cent happier but, obviously, if it's going to boost your confidence then get it done, but if not then don't get it done and I wouldn't tell people to get it done either." While she admitted cosmetic surgery is "not for everyone", she said having a breast augmentation was "one of the best things" she has done. "It’s really boosted my confidence," Anna-May shared as she reflected on the procedure. DON'T MISS...Love Island's Kai Fagan has link to Coronation Street star  [LATEST]Love Island returns tonight on ITV2 [EXPLAINER]Here's a look at the new Love Island cast [MUST SEE] "I wasn’t insecure but it was something I was a tiny bit insecure about and when it came to the point where I could afford it and I was comfortable to have it, I got it done." Anna-May also revealed she has never been away from her parents for longer than a week before. She promised: "I definitely wouldn't have sex on TV. "With the sex, my parents will be watching and I'm sure my family will be supporting me and my grandparents will probably watch as well and I think that's really something they don't want to see, as well as my dad, he's already warned me about that. 