Lisa Marie Presley was pronounced dead aged 54 on January 12, 2023. The death of the only child of Elvis Presley was confirmed by her mother, Priscilla Presley, in a heart-wrenching statement. The star was married a few times. One of her shortest-lived relationships was with American actor Nicolas Cage. And two years into their "intense" time together the pair married on August 10, 2002. Lisa Marie, 34 at the time, and Nic, 38 at the time, eloped to Hawaii where they finally tied the knot. Both parties had been married before, but were optimistic about their newfound marriage, despite the arguments that were reported beforehand. Unfortunately, the relationship wasn't what they dreamed it would be. They grabbed headlines throughout their time together before the divorce was filed on November 25, 2002 - just three months after getting hitched. The divorce was finalised in 2004, but not before they had one of their biggest fights on an enormous yacht. The couple reportedly set sail into a fierce battle with one another, which resulted in Lisa Marie's $65,000 six-carat yellow diamond engagement ring being thrown into the ocean. (Via InStyle) After the fight had come to an end Nic reportedly hired a team of divers to find the ring in the water. But the Leaving Las Vegas star was unsuccessful. Now his wife was missing her engagement ring, he decided to make it up to her wife with an even bigger trinket - this time a ten-carat version of the rock. On top of the couple's reported numerous fights, Nic was also under the microscope for apparently being an Elvis fanatic. Further claims surfaced he was only with the young woman because of his obsession with the King of Rock and Roll. Nic went on to dispel these rumours, saying: "There's no answering machine with my voice on it as Elvis." (Via Barbara Walters) READ MORE: Lisa Marie Presley's heartbreaking final words to Elvis Presley What do you think? Should Lisa Marie Presley and Nicolas Cage have stayed together? Join the debate in the comment section here Nic continued: "We weren't going to buy Graceland. We were never going to live in Graceland. I wasn't going to build Graceland for her on top of a ranch somewhere." He did, however, give some insight into why he thought he and Lisa Marie were so attracted to one another. He said: "She was born with the pressure of an extremely famous name from day one; I was a young actor in Hollywood with the name Coppola trying to make it with those pressures. There was a logic to it, there was a sense to it." After their divorce, Nic bemoaned the couple's decisions up to that point. Nic told Walters: "Oftentimes when you have two people who are very strong and their own personalities and rather intense, sometimes you can have a hard time meshing. "It's sad and I miss her every day. And sometimes I wish we couldn't have rushed the marriage and sometimes I regret rushing the divorce, but it just seemed like it wasn't going to change." While Lisa Marie did seem filled with regret also, she did have some pointed words to say about Nic. She told press years later: "The most upsetting thing was when he called to say he was sorry, wish he hadn't done it [filed for divorce], things like that." Lisa Marie went on: "You can't have a temper tantrum and then call me four days later and expect, you know, everything to be fine again … so, it was like that … We were both like two 12-year-olds in a sandbox, basically." DON'T MISS...Elvis Presley girlfriend Peggy Lipton: 'King was virtually impotent' [NEWS]Elvis Presley was left 'blushing' after 'suggestive' question [INFO]Elvis: Dolly Parton on how she 'related to nobody else' like The King [INSIGHT] Lisa Marie added: "We're both so dramatic and dynamic that when it was good, it was unbelievably good, and when it was bad, it was just a f*****g b****y nightmare for everybody." (Via Rolling Stone) She later told Larry King: "I adore Nic. We had a connection. We're sort of these gypsy-spirited, you know, tyrannical pirates. And one pirate marries another they will sink the ship basically is what it comes down to." (sic) SOURCE / SOURCE / SOURCE