Prince Harry showed a “glimpse of empathy” for Prince William in a recent interview on US TV - despite his criticism of the Royal Family. Body language expert Judi James exclusively analysed the Duke's interview with Anderson Cooper on 60 Minutes, noting a "marked return" to his "playful" side when he talks of older brother William.  The body language cues must be understood within the context of the wider conversation during which Harry, 38, also uses his time to "illustrate the size of their separation", according to Ms James. Speaking to Express.co.uk, the expert said: “When Harry speaks about William there is a marked return to the state of playful fun and humour that the two boys used to share, although he is keen to illustrate the size of their separation. “Here he grins widely as he refers to ‘sibling rivalry’ but he also tried to mask or hide that boyish grin by placing his hand up in a cut-off ritual, stroking the sides of his mouth and his top lip. “When Harry talks of his brother he often goes into role and here he acts out a brief dialogue, taking both his own and his brother’s roles.  “After this glimpse of empathy though he raises his hands to mesh them before pulling them wide apart to illustrate the size of the gap between the brothers.” Harry was asked by Anderson Cooper on CBS’ ’60 Minutes’ about a claim in his book, where the Duke made “pretty cutting” remarks about his brothers appearance. In an extract from ‘Spare’, Harry said he looked at his brother and saw “his familiar scowl, which had always been his default in dealings with me, his alarming baldness, more advanced than my own, his famous resemblance to Mummy which was fading with time, with age”. The Duke backed his comments and said: “I don't see it as cutting at all. Um, you know, my brother and I love each other. I love him deeply. READ MORE: King warned Harry claims 'could mark beginning of the end' of monarchy “There has been a lot of pain between the two of us, especially the last six years. None of anything I've written, anything that I've included is ever intended to hurt my family. “But it does give a full picture of the situation as we were growing up, and also squashes this idea that somehow my wife was the one that destroyed the relationship between these two brothers.” When asked if he still speaks to William, Harry said; “Currently, no. But I look forward to - I look forward to us being able to find peace.” In a separate interview with Good Morning America, Harry said Princess Diana would be “heartbroken that it’s ended up where it’s ended up” with William. DON'T MISSHarry showed signs of 'sad resignation' in US interviewBryan Kohberger's former friend speaks out about his alleged drug useHarry brands Camilla 'dangerous' and a 'villain' in furious attack He added William broke a longstanding “pact” between the brothers to not let their offices fight or brief the press against each other. “The people that he employed broke that,” Harry said of the pact. “But again, within the family, it’s hard because you are led to believe that if you don’t play the game, that you will be destroyed. “And again, I’m the one who’s proving that that is true, right? Chose not to play the game, but they’re trying to destroy me.” “I hope that we will be joined at the hip again,” Harry said of reconciling with William. “Because, you know, if there’s something that will terrify the British press more than anything, it’s William and I being aligned.” He also told CBS: “At the heart of it, there is a family, without question. Um — and I really look forward to having that family element back. “I look forward to having a relationship with my brother. I look forward to having a relationship with my father and other members of my family." Spare is available to buy in bookshops from January 10. 