Lewis Hamilton may never win another record-breaking world title to avenge missing out to Max Verstappen in 2021, according to a new poll. Hamilton was leading until the closing stages in the season finale before a late race safety car scuppered his advantage. Verstappen was able to stop for new soft tyres and passed Hamilton within a few corners of the restart to clinch his maiden crown. The FIA have since admitted human error was a factor after several cars were not able to un-lap themselves before the race went back to green flag conditions. Hamilton has been backed by Mercedes boss Toto Wolff to still win another title which will surpass Michael Schumacher’s record of seven. However, fans have voiced their opinions with almost half believing Hamilton has no hope of winning the Drivers’ Championship ever again. In an exclusive poll for Express Sport, 42.9 per cent of readers feel Hamilton will remain on seven world crowns for the rest of his F1 career. READ MORE: Lewis Hamilton tipped for two more years in F1 despite stalled talks  It comes after the British driver struggled in 2022 after suffering his lowest-ever season behind the wheel. He dropped to his lowest-ever championship position, P6, after retiring from the final race of the season. Hamilton also failed to win a race all year while he was also pipped by young team-mate George Russell by 25 points in the former Williams star’s first season at the team. But, more readers still feel Hamilton has a shot with 39.4 per cent backing him to secure eight titles. Another 12.5 per cent feel he could win nine crowns before hanging up his helmet with 5.2 per cent even backing the star to win 10 titles. Wolff made his Hamilton title prediction when asked what Russell could achieve with the team. DON'T MISSLewis Hamilton believes Mercedes will be fighting four F1 teams [INSIGHT]Lewis Hamilton's new contract talks stall despite Toto Wolff promise [ANALYSIS]Lewis Hamilton left 'devastated' after Ken Block dies in accident [COMMENT] Wolff responded: “He will win races, he will race for championships, I think he absolutely has it in him. But maybe there’s another Lewis championship in between.” Hamilton is expected to pen a new multi-year deal at the Silver Arrows in what could be his final contract in the sport. The seven-time champion even sparked rumours he could walk away from driving if he secures another crown. He said: “I think retiring as a world champion is a dream that every athlete has - and so do I.”