Police have closed their criminal investigation into the death of a woman who was killed by dogs in Surrey. The 28-year-old, as yet unnamed, was believed to have been walking a number of dogs in Gravelly Hill, Caterham when she was attacked on January 12. Eight dogs were seized at the scene and remain in police custody subject to forensic investigation, though no prosecutions are being brought against any individuals.   Surrey Police said none of the dogs were banned breeds. A post mortem was carried out last week and a file is now being prepared for the Surrey coroner who is to open an inquest. Senior investigating officer, Detective Inspector Josephine Horner, said: "This is a tragic incident in which a young woman lost her life. "I know it has caused real concern locally and I thank the community for bearing with us whilst we conducted our inquiries.  "The criminal investigation has now concluded and the information we have gathered will be passed to the Surrey coroner to assist in the coronial process. "The dogs continue to be cared for at private kennels to ensure their welfare and their owners are being kept informed. "We appreciate this is a difficult and uncertain process for them as the forensic work continues." The woman, who has not yet been formally identified, is thought to have been walking a number of dogs when she was set upon. READ MORE: Joanna Gosling fights tears as she signs off BBC News.  Paramedics were unable to save her and she was pronounced dead at the scene.  In an update last week, Surrey Police said both a forensic pathologist and a veterinary pathologist have been drafted in to determine what happened. The force said it was continuing to investigate, but that this means "inquiries will take some time to complete". Eight dogs were detained at the scene last week and remained in police custody as of last Tuesday, it added. DON'T MISS:Tesco shares urgent clubcard warning [INSIGHT]GB News fury as Andrew's ex details how Giuffe photo was 'faked' [COMMENT]Brexiteer fumes at feared EU takeover of Gibraltar 'Anyone awake?' [ANALYSIS]  The family of the woman, who was from London, said: "This is an extremely difficult time for us and as well as dealing with this sudden loss in our family, the significant level of media interest and the graphic nature of some of the reporting, has been a source of additional distress. "We continue to appeal for our privacy to be respected during our time of grief." Richard Bream, who runs the nearby Mardens Kennels, said in the immediate aftermath of the incident that he had never heard of a dog attack in the area before. He said: "That particular area, View Point, is an area where professional dog walkers will turn up in their van and take the dogs out and walk them." 