On Monday evening, a shooting at a park in Florida took place during a family event celebrating American civil rights activist Martin Luther King. No suspect has been named as the investigation is still ongoing.  The civil rights activist’s birthday is a federal holiday in America on January 16 every year. The shooting reportedly took place at lllouis Ellis Park in Fort Pierce, and reports stated that at least eight people were taken to hospital after being shot and injured, with one person in critical condition. On Twitter, a reporter from WPBF said there was a “large police presence” in the area, and video footage posted to social media showed several police cars with their sirens flashing.  There were also reports by witnesses on the scene of dozens of deputies in the area searching for the shooter. Witnesses also confirmed hearing gunshots and seeing people run and duck for cover. Public information officer Tonya Woodworth told CNN that four people were injured while trying to leave the area, and one person was critically injured. The shooting took place at an MLK Car Show and Family Fun Day event, which was also confirmed by officer Woodworth. The event featured a DJ, children's activities, and then the car show with judges, and security was provided by the sheriff’s department, according to a flyer. READ MORE: Cold snap can have a ‘serious impact’ on health Brian Hester, the St. Lucie County Sheriff’s Office Chief Deputy, told CNN that more than a thousand people were at the event when the gunshots began around 5:20pm local time. He said: “As the shots rang out, people were just running in all directions. “As our deputies were arriving and entering the scene… it was mass chaos there. “There were people laying behind cars, laying behind anything they could lay behind. It was kind of hard to tell who was a victim and who was just hiding at that point.” DON'T MISS:Dog walker trampled to death by cows in ‘horrific’ attack [REVEAL]Tories block Scottish law for first time in devolved history [REPORT]‘Absolutely breathtaking’ destination in Portugal is Europe’s Hawaii [INSIGHT]  Chief Deputy Hester said two sheriff deputies and witnesses gave aid to those injured and helped take people to the hospital. He believes the shooting may have resulted from “a disagreement of some sort between two parties” based on the initial investigation. It’s also believed there were multiple shooters based on evidence discovered. Police have not named any suspects yet, as the crime scene is still being investigated and witnesses are still being interviewed. The Chief Deputy added: “It’s really unfortunate and it’s sad that during a celebration of someone who represented peace and equality, a disagreement results in a use of guns and violence.” 