Stefanos Tsitsipas wants to win his “home Grand Slam” at the Australian Open. But the Greek star, the highest-ranked male player left in Melbourne, will face a Czech seeking “revenge” in the quarter-finals tomorrow. (Tues 8am UK time). The No.3 seed, now coached by former Wimbledon finalist Mark Philippoussis, will reach world No.1 for the first time by claiming his first Major title. And the 2021 French Open finalist said he is helping by weather Down Under - and the backing of the large Greek ex-pat population in the Victorian capital. “I grew up in a climate that is very similar here, from the place I come from in southwestern Attica,” said Tsitipas. “It always reminds me of home a little bit when I'm here. The conditions are similar. It's not very humid, it's not very tropical. I can say it's similar to the Athenian Riviera. "Another plus is wherever I look I see Greek faces, I see Greek people speaking Greek. Of course, it's very important when you're far away from home to have that sort of feeling, to connect even more with the culture that you're at. AUSTRALIAN OPEN LIVE: Novak Djokovic cruising against De Minaur after 'faking injury'  It feels very welcoming when you're able to walk around and feel that. It's for sure my home slam, I would consider that, yes, 'cause Melbourne is the second-biggest city after Athens with the biggest Greek population. I would consider it my home Slam. "The French people have Roland Garros, the Brits have Wimbledon, the Americans have the US Open. For me it's the Australian Open.” After seeking off Jannick Sinner in a five-set thriller, Tsitsipas will now face Jiri Lehecka - the Czech world No.71 who knocked out British No.1 Cam Norrie. DON'T MISS Raducanu's ex-coach thwarted by old charge as another row kicks off - overnight round-up John McEnroe and Martina Navratilova protested together against Margaret Court at Aus Open John McEnroe urges Andy Murray to copy Rafael Nadal after Australian Open exit  The two have met once before when the Greek won in the semi-finals in Rotterdam last February. “I will go for that revenge, for sure,” said Lehecka, 21. “I know that he will remember how we played last year in Rotterdam. One set I was the better player on the court. Then he overtook the match,” he said. “But I think that he will remember, and he will know what my strengths are. He will feel that I can get him under pressure.” 