SmartSave has launched a new Fixed Rate Savers this week offering 4.54 percent. As the cost of living crisis continues, savers will be looking for ways to make their money work harder for them. The Two Year Fixed Rate bond from SmartSave could be an option for people who can afford to lock their savings away for at least two years. Savings providers are fighting for customers' attention as savings rates continue to improve following the Bank of England base rate rise from three percent to 3.5 percent mid December. Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, Finance Expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “SmartSave has launched new Fixed Rate Savers this week, including a two-year fixed rate bond option which may tempt those who are happy to lock their nest egg away in order to receive a guaranteed return. “Open to those with at least £10,000 to invest, this account pays 4.54 percent on maturity which sees it take the lead position in our top rate tables when compared against other bonds with similar terms currently on the market. READ MORE: Dragons' Den pitch rejected for having 'too many pitfalls' outsells Monopoly in first year People must deposit funds within 14 days of opening the savings account. The minimum amount that must be deposited is £10,000. The maximum total amount that may be deposited in the savings account is £85,000. The account can be opened and managed online at www.smartsavebank.co.uk. Britons can withdraw money from their savings account prior to the end of the fixed term. READ MORE: 'Excellent route to millionaires’ row': ISA millionaires share their top tips In exceptional circumstances, SmartSave may consider early withdrawals, but they are not obliged to do so. The SmartSave Two Year Fixed Rate Saver offers: Another Moneyfacts suggestion for locking money away is Hinckley & Rugby Building Society – 30 Month Fixed Rate Bond Issue 3. Commenting on the deal, Eleanor Williams, Finance Expert at Moneyfacts.co.uk, said: “Hinckley & Rugby Building Society has launched a new 30 Month Fixed Rate Bond this week. “This new account, paying 4.50 percent yearly, takes a place in the top 10 when compared to other bonds with similar terms. “This may be an attractive choice for savers happy to secure their savings pot away for the term of the account and who have the required £5,000 minimum investment. “ As is common with many fixed accounts, neither earlier access to funds nor further additions are permitted, so savers need to be happy to secure their nest egg away at the outset. “Overall, this account receives an Excellent Moneyfacts product rating.”