Arsenal have been warned they may end up regretting not signing Joao Felix. Gunners legend Sol Campbell says his former club must recruit up top this month to keep Manchester City at bay in the Premier League title race. Arsenal are currently flying high at the top of the table ahead of matches against north London rivals Tottenham and Manchester United. Mikel Arteta's side are five points clear of second-placed City after 17 matches of the campaign. Arteta is keen to use the January window to its maximum and build on what has already been a superb few months for his team. Mykhaylo Mudryk is the top target, while a striker is also on the agenda. Campbell has praised Arteta but admits he has been long enough in the job to have made the impact he is now having. The former defender told TuttoMercatoWeb: "He's doing great but it's his fourth season, let's not forget that. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  "Often after a year and a half you change if the results aren't coming, now they are but.... Manchester City are behind, they are coming. They will have to stay calm, don't get nervous, stay grounded and invest well." Joao Felix was a target for Arsenal, with Atletico Madrid making him available on loan. But Chelsea have snuck in and secured the Portugal international for the remainder of the season. Campbell says Arsenal must be quicker in the market and says recruiting up top is necessary to maintain the current advantage over City. He added: "It looked like it could be Joao Felix but he's going to Chelsea. DON'T MISSLiverpool may have to raid Newcastle again as 'next Wijnaldum' foundBenni McCarthy received huge fine for weight gain before helping Rashford fireMan Utd’s unstoppable XI if Qatar seal £6bn takeover with Bellingham and two others  "You have to be intelligent, quick, if you want to get to first place you have to take players who make the difference and close immediately. I think up front some help to compete with Manchester City who are coming, who are coming, is needed." Eddie Nketiah has been in fine form since the resumption of top-flight football, scoring four goals in four appearances. But Arteta insists he needs more than just one option up top. He said after Monday's FA Cup win over Oxford: "Eddie is getting better and better but the problem is that we have only one striker and to cope for that many months until Gabby Jesus is back is not easy. We have to get the most out of the players that we have at the moment but it will be great if we can get some reinforcements."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here