If you use Sky Q, Sky Stream or Sky Glass there's good news with the satellite television firm announcing a blockbuster update to all of these devices. From today, UK customers can sign up for the premium discovery+ service and get full access for free. Considering discovery+ usually costs £6.99 per month this is a very good deal from Sky, especially as those joining will be able to watch all of the action from the 2023 Australian Open and Roland-Garros tennis plus there's also every stage of the Tour de France. Along with some top sport there's a swathe of other things to tune into including real-life courtroom drama Vardy vs Rooney: The Wagatha Trial, docu-series Richard Hammond’s Workshop and award-winning Peter Crouch: Save Our Beautiful Game. There are also exclusive originals, true-crime, motoring, documentaries and plenty of reality shows to tune into via the streaming service. If that sounds enticing, Sky says it's easy to sign up with customers simply needing to head to the discovery+ app and then joining for free. Speaking about the update, Elizabeth Wynn, Managing Director, Sky TV, said: “We know value is incredibly important right now, so we’re pleased to bring discovery+ to our Sky TV customers at no extra cost, saving £6.99 a month. Offering even more incredible entertainment and sport to enjoy this year for less. And if you’re a Sky Stream or Sky Glass customer, you can stream all this content, including must-watch TV, world-class film and thrilling sport straight over wi-fi with no dish, bringing together all your channels, shows and apps into one place.” Discovery+ isn't the only free content that Sky is dishing out to customers with the firm also offering full access to Paramount+ when signing up for Sky Cinema. This streaming service features around 30,000 hours of content including hundreds of movies and exclusive TV shows. Top things to watch include Mission Impossible: Fallout, Clifford the Big Red Dog, Transformers: The Last Knight and Scream. The biggest blockbuster of 2022, Top Gun: Maverick, is also now available to stream for Paramount+ members at no extra charge. If you haven't already subscribed don't panic as the best Sky deals are currently offering some decent discounts. In fact, those signing up for Sky's latest and greatest plans will pay as little as £24 per month. That 'lowest-ever' price even including full access to Netflix Basic which is worth £6.99. Getting this deal is also simple as it's available on the Sky's new Stream box. This diddy palm-sized device can be ordered online with it arriving in the post the very next day. There's no annoying or messy installation needed with users simply plugging in the box and connecting it to their Wi-Fi for instant access to hundreds of live and on-demand channels and content including Sky Sports and Cinema. As you can read in our full Sky Stream review Express.co.uk was hugely impressed by the simplicity of this telly box when it launched late last year with it offering a super simple way to get extra content beamed into living rooms.