Based on the hit video game of the same name, The Last of Us sees a smuggler tasked with escorting a teenager across a post-apocalyptic world and works alongside a young apprentice to do so. The HBO and Sky Atlantic drama is ready to premiere with much excitement surrounding the first episode's release. Express.co.uk has everything there is to know about the cast of The Last of Us. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Last of Us. Joel is a hardened survivor of the apocalypse with the drama set 20 years after the destruction of modern civilisation. He is given the job of smuggling a 14-year-old girl out of an oppressive quarantine zone but soon discovers that the mission will be no easy fete as they travel across America together. Actor Pedro Pascal rose to fame as Oberyn Martell in the fourth season of the HBO fantasy drama Game of Thrones and then as Javier Peña in the Netflix crime series Narcos. Star Wars fans, however, will best recognise him as the titular character of The Mandalorian in Disney+. READ MORE: Davina McCall's appearance sparks concern on The Masked Singer Actress Bella Ramsey has been labelled a rising star, having also previously starred in Game of Thrones as Lyanna Mormont. Her TV work has included playing Mildred Hubble in the 2017 CBBC series The Worst Witch and Jane Grey in last year's period drama Becoming Elizabeth on Starz. She also starred in the historical comedy movie Catherine Called Birdy which was released in 2022. Ramsey's character Ellie in The Last of Us is vital as she is seen as the key to starting a new world as she is immune to the infection that killed billions. Tommy is the younger brother of Joel in The Last of Us game so it is believed this will be his role in the show as well. Actor Gabriel Luna has been in Agents of SHIELD, Matador, Wicked City and the movie Terminator: Dark Fate. Tess was a long-term smuggling partner of Joel with the pair making a living trading with survivors outside of the city. Australian actress Anna Torv is most likely best known for playing FBI agent Olivia Dunham in the science fiction series Fringe. DON'T MISS...Power’s Naturi Naughton sends touching tribute to co-star [TRIBUTE]Barry season 4: Henry Winkler shares huge update on series [UPDATE]Robert Downey Jr looks unrecognisable as he prepares for new HBO role [CAST] In the game, Sarah is Joel's daughter before the brain infection outbreak caused the apocalypse. She is played by actress Nico Parker who made her movie debut as Milly Farrier in the live-action remake of Disney's Dumbo. Following this, Parker appeared in a few episodes of The Third Day series and then the film Reminiscence. She is the daughter of movie director and screenwriter Ol Parker and actress Thandie Newton. Frank is another survivor who will be played by actor Murray Bartlett in the drama. Bartlett has starred in Welcome to Chippendales, The White Lotus, Looking and Physical. Other cast members include: Bill - Nick Offerman Kathleen - Melanie Lynskey Riley - Storm Reid Marlene - Merle Dandridge The Last of Us premieres on Sunday, January 15, on HBO in the USA and Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.