Most British expats move to another country to enjoy their retirement abroad but some decide to relocate to work from their dream destination. A new study from life insurance broker Reassured revealed the 10 most affordable spots by looking at the cost of a coffee, the number of free WiFi spots, the number of co-working spaces and the daily renting rate. According to the study, Istanbul ranks first as the cheapest spot to live and work abroad with a total of 59.176 free WiFi spots and average accommodation costing under 70 euro (or £62). The capital of Turkey has a lovely, warm climate and it is also a very affordable location in terms of the cost of living. A regular coffee in the city costs £1.5 (1.73 euro) and according to Expatarrivals, Britons will be happy to know that there are plenty of attractions that make "Istambul special" including cruises and expeditions to the Black Sea. However, the travel site warned of a number of "culture shocks" and explained that English is not widespread and may be wise that expats brush up on a few basic Turkish phrases. READ MORE: Tenerife holiday warning as strict rules start tomorrow  Locals are "friendly and engaging" and "extremely welcoming", and the city is surprisingly safe. Despite being a very safe spot, taking a few precautions is wise like staying vigilant of pickpockets, the experts recommended. In terms of the cost of living, Istambul is "quite affordable" and restaurants and cafes are "relatively cheap and great value for money". Accommodation is slightly more expensive on the European side of town than on the Asian side across the river, the experts warned, but household costs are "pleasantly affordable", they said.  Istanbul was followed by Sofia, Bulgaria, with 48 co-working spaces in the city and cheap rooms available for just €48.96 (£42). The cities of Budapest, Zagreb and Bucharest came next as the most affordable cities to live and work in Europe. Not all cities offer that many co-working spaces, but places like Madrid have 7,437 free WiFi spots and coffee costs around €2.15 (£1.7) on average. A potentially more unusual spot for work abroad could be Riga in Latvia, the experts explained, where the average daily rent price is €66.30 (£58). READ MORE: Pilot urges elderly passengers to avoid window seat as higher risk Rome ranked 10th with the cheapest coffees at an average of £1.3 (€1.47) and the city has 38 co-working spaces, while you can enjoy the beautiful sights and lifestyle that the Italian capital has to offer. Phil Jeynes, director of corporate strategy at Reassured, recommended expats: “With a significant increase in jobs offering employees the flexibility of working remotely, businesses can not only attract more talent but also keep their current employees motivated and encourage creativity. "To ensure your income is protected, income protection insurance can be a great option in case you’re unable to work at any point due to injury or illness.” Istanbul Sofia London Budapest Zagreb Bucharest Madrid Warsaw Riga Rome