Yorkshire puddings are easy to make from scratch with just a few basic ingredients, and traditionally, those include dairy milk and eggs. Whether you're trying to cut down on your dairy consumption or are catering to an intolerance, one "savvy" parent has shared the tried-and-tested recipe that can be made without either of them. A big worry for many home cooks looking to alter recipes to suit dietary needs is compromising on flavour and taste, though according to the founder of the "Savvy Dad" blog, it doesn't have to be an issue if you use the right techniques. He explained that even when it comes to removing crucial ingredients like eggs, which "give the Yorkshire puddings their colour and taste", you can get around it by experimenting with substitutes. While traditional Yorkshire puddings are made up of plain flour, eggs, milk and oil, this easy recipe requires just a few alternatives to make it dairy free - and even vegan. The home cook said: "My oldest little boy had some potential milk/lactose intolerances, so I looked into the alternatives for Yorkshire puddings and how they tasted. With all of these dairy alternative Yorkshire puddings, you can use the following method and swap out the milk of your choice - but do not use coconut milk for your Yokshires whatever you do – they taste foul!" READ MORE: Cook jacket potatoes in 20 minutes using an oven with spoon method For dairy-free Yorkshire puddings that do contain eggs, you will need: DON'T MISS:'Healthy' recipe for 'flaky' and 'tender' air fryer salmon burgers [RECIPE]I used white vinegar and baking soda to roast potatoes - results [VIDEO]'Michelin star' method for a 'perfect, runny' poached egg [REVEAL] Start by preheating the oven to 220C or 220C fan before filling each hole of a muffin tin with equal amounts of oil. The food blogger noted that you shouldn't be "stingy" at this point. Place the tray in the oven to make the oil "nuclear-hot" while you prepare the pudding mixture. To make the batter, empty the sieved plain flour into a bowl and beat the eggs vigorously until smooth and silky. Slowly add the milk to the thick mixture along with some salt and pepper to taste and continue to mix until all the lumps and bumps have disappeared. While Yorkshire's made with dairy milk can be put into the tins straight away, the "Savvy Dad" recommended resting the batter for 10 minutes before cooking when using plant-based alternatives. READ MORE: Chef's 'perfect Monday night' taco recipe to use up leftovers After this time is up, you can carefully remove the hot muffin tins from the oven ready to fill with the batter. The food blogger said: "If they’re almost smoking, you’ve got them at a great temperature." Evenly distribute the batter into each hole and place the tray back in the oven to cook for 25 minutes until well-risen. As with normal Yorkshire puddings made with dairy, the home cook warned that you should not open the door until you’re ready to "accept the resulting puddings", or they will "fall flat like pancakes". He added: "As a reference, I found almond milk to be the tastiest but I think it depends on the amount of salt and pepper that was added in." Making Yorkshire puddings that are both egg and dairy-free is a little harder, in fact, the "Savvy Dad" revealed that removing the eggs is "by far the trickiest thing to do". He explained that it can often make them look "anaemic and unappetising", though it can be overcome using the following recipe. Ingredients To make vegan Yorkshire puddings, you can follow the same method used for the dairy-free version, though it’s worth noting that these do not brown well and they often look as if they’re not cooked when they actually are. The food blogger warned: "Aim for a golden yellow rather than the roast brown that you may associate with a traditional Yorkshire pudding."