Arsenal could be in for a huge summer transfer window splurge if they win the Premier League this season. Mikel Arteta will want an even stronger starting XI heading into 2023-24, with a successive top-flight title and reaching the latter stages of the Champions League surely the aim. Express Sport takes a look at a realistic Arsenal team for next season, should they have around £200million to spend. Goalkeeper: Aaron Ramsdale Aaron Ramsdale has secured his place as Arteta’s No 1 shot-stopper over the last 12 months. The former Bournemouth and Sheffield United star has been key to Arsenal’s Premier League title charge, making some vital saves along the way. It would be extremely harsh for Arsenal to replace Ramsdale should they qualify for the Champions League. The 24-year-old seems destined to be the Gunners’ goalkeeper for the foreseeable future. JUST IN: Arsenal can leave Chelsea behind with second crack at Ajax talks Defenders: Ivan Fresneda, William Saliba, Gabriel, Oleksandr Zinchenko Arsenal might want to improve at right-back if they are to challenge in Europe. Ben White has done well in the position this season but, as a more natural centre-back, has his limitations when he advances forward. Spanish teenager Ivan Fresneda has been linked with the Gunners this January. Real Valladolid are understood to want around £13m for the 18-year-old, and would ideally like him to return on loan for the remainder of the season. Arsenal have been waiting to confirm the departure of Cedric Soares to Fulham before battling Borussia Dortmund for Fresneda. Signing the Spain U19 international would allow White to compete with Gabriel for the place next to William Saliba. DON'T MISS...Chelsea look to give Liverpool the Arsenal treatment as hijack eyedFour huge transfers that may happen before deadline dayTottenham told they'd get a 'very good deal' in Martial Kane swap Midfielders: Moises Caicedo, Declan Rice, Martin Odegaard Arsenal’s biggest summer upgrades could come in midfield. Granit Xhaka and Thomas Partey have done well alongside Martin Odegaard, but the pair could benefit from some competition. West Ham captain Declan Rice has been strongly linked since Arsenal’s pursuit of the Premier League title. Rice could be available at the end of the season, with West Ham looking to cash in 12 months before his contract ends. Arsenal could also battle Liverpool and Chelsea for Brighton starlet Moises Caicedo to give captain Odegaard the perfect midfield trio. Attackers: Bukayo Saka, Gabriel Jesus, Federico Chiesa Arsenal have just signed Leandro Trossard to compete with Gabriel Martinelli but a truly elite left winger arriving in the summer cannot be ruled out. Federico Chiesa has been widely linked with a cut-price exit from Serie A side Juventus, and Arsenal should be in the mix to sign the Italy sensation. Chiesa was excellent for the Azzurri at Euro 2020 but a devastating ACL injury has halted his progress since. Now back, the 25-year-old has been in excellent form in the Italian top-flight. Arsenal must consider a deal for Chiesa. A front three of him, Bukayo Saka and Gabriel Jesus would have the north Londoners in the latter stages of the Champions League.