Gordon Ramsay told Heart Radio hosts Jamie Theakston and Amanda Holden today that he had "one more on the way" as they discussed parenthood and children. Gordon, 56, already has five children with 48-year-old wife Tana, but he admitted there could be more babies to come. Jamie got more of a response than he'd bargained for when he asked the chef to confirm the number of children he had. "Last time I looked it was five, but one more on the way!" Gordon replied. Radio presenter Amanda was audibly shocked, as she gasped: "What?!" but the TV chef insisted: "Seriously!" He then continued with his big reveal, adding teasingly: "Tana’s jeans aren’t fitting her!" READ NOW: Kirstie Allsopp says Harry and Meghan are 'in bed with the devil' When a confused Amanda asked whether it was "Christmas or a baby", he backtracked a little, joking: "Do you know what, I don’t know yet. "I’ll double check when I get back. I’m going to Boots on the way back from here and I’ll double check." "Have you inadvertently just revealed something you weren’t meant to say?" Jamie chuckled in response. "Tana would like another baby and I’m like, 'no, no, no!'" Gordon elaborated. He admitted he's been finding it tough to be seen as an older dad. "It’s already hard enough when I take Oscar to school - 'Hey, what’s your granddad’s name?'" he joked. "Or sports day, Jamie, when I’m standing there with a stick and an egg and spoon thinking 'holy…'" Gordon and Tana's eldest child, daughter Megan, is now 24, while they also share twins Jack and Holly, 23, Tilly, 21, and baby Oscar, who is three. Oscar was conceived via IVF, as Tana has polycystic ovary syndrome, which can affect fertility, and she was already an older mother, aged 45, when he was born. DON'T MISS... Emmerdale's Paddy teases what is to come in 'messy fall out' with Chas [SOAP NEWS] Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safari [LATEST] Carol Vorderman 'wiggles' bottom wearing leather in very sultry clip [PICTURES]  Gordon previously joked to James Corden on an episode of The Late Late Show: "I had a very low sperm count on the back of standing in the kitchen for that length of time close to the stove!" The Hell's Kitchen star recently admitted he has become calmer and more mellow now that he is in his 50s. He's renowned for his fiery outbursts and expletive-laden TV rants in the kitchen, but he says his new show, Next Level Chef, will reveal a kinder side to him that audiences aren't accustomed to seeing. "I’m even more caring now, because I’m at the age I am," the star, who has previously mentored aspiring chef Brooklyn Beckham in the kitchen, explained. "I’ve learned a level of vulnerability. You forget those insecurities when you haven’t got secure footings and you’re going from job to job struggling to pay bills," Gordon added. The show, which begins this Wednesday, will see contestants competing to win a one-year mentorship from Gordon, plus a tempting £100,000 cash prize. His daughter Tilly, who fans might remember from the 2021 season of Strictly Come Dancing, will appear alongside her dad as a guest judge later in the series. The hands-on father has enjoyed working with her in the kitchen in the past, while he also accompanies his influencer daughter Holly to Grand Prix events around the world, where they can often be seen holding hands and posing for the cameras. Next Level Chef airs Wednesday on ITV at 9pm.