Top winter gloom inducers include the weather, shorter days with dark mornings and evenings, and feeling cold. Following the findings, a mood-boosting billboard has been unveiled, that dispenses light therapy to help banish the January blues. The 4.4 x 6 metre advertisement, in the shape of a giant doughnut box, beams out white light that can help banish S.A.D – Seasonal Affective Disorder. Emma Colquhoun, spokeswoman for Krispy Kreme, which commissioned the research and created the installation, said: “We've just had Blue Monday, often referred to as the most depressing day of the year, making this week arguably one of the toughest. “And the study indicates we're not far wrong. From the national average of nine low moods in January, we hope today won’t be one. “Opening a box of doughnuts is one way to bring joy into people’s lives – so we wanted to make that literal. “This is the only doughnut box in the world to deliver light therapy that can help banish Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD).” The study also revealed the first month of the year is when people most feel the need for an injection of joy. Spending time with friends and family is the top way people combat January blues, followed by listening to music, relaxing, and going outdoors. However, the average person spends just under an hour a day outdoors in winter – and estimates only 44 minutes of that is in direct sunlight. And one in five only get between one and 15 minutes a day under the winter sun’s rays. It also emerged the average Brit doesn’t go outside for a single bit of winter daylight for nearly three days a week. The study, conducted via OnePoll, also revealed one in five (21 percent) keep their curtains closed during the day to keep the heat in – despite the fact they’re keeping the sunshine out. Nevertheless, 52 percent try to make a conscious effort to get outdoors, because they acknowledge it improves their mood – with 56 percent believing direct sunlight to be the best way to combat low mood. And 32 percent have considered seeking more sunlight by moving abroad, away from the British weather. It also emerged that 14 percent have been told they have Seasonal Affective Disorder (S.A.D), with another 28 percent believing they suffer from the condition. The doughnut installation provides 10,000 lux of white light, which is the recommended amount to create ambient daylight. Dr Shelley James, director at Age of Light Innovations, said: “Bright light, especially in the morning, can help boost your mood in three naturally powerful ways, by helping the brain to regulate mood hormones, supporting alertness and making it easier to fall asleep. “SAD lamps work because they can supplement natural light to give our brains the brightness they need to rise and shine. “Getting outside into natural daylight can top up your mood-boosting system when the sun just isn't breaking through, as well as giving you a chance to get a little exercise. “Bright light at the right time can even help you sleep better, too.” Emma Colquhoun, for Krispy Kreme, added: “We’re really hoping to brighten the day of anyone walking past our SADvert today. “Daylight and Doughnuts? It's a joyful combination we’re happy to share.”