The fight between Tyson Fury and Oleksandr Usyk has moved a step closer after IBF reportedly rescinded an order for the Ukrainian to fight Filip Hrgovic. The IBF has accepted that Daniel Dubois is the next mandatory challenger - who also uses Fury's promoter Frank Warren. Usyk currently holds the IBF, WBA, WBO and IBO heavyweight titles with the mandatory contender decided on a 'rotation' basis between the different governing bodies. The IBF had demanded that Hrgovic was the next mandatory challenger for Usyk but have now made a major U-turn announcing that WBA contender Dubois was actually next in line on the "rotation system", according to boxing journalist Dan Rafael. Dubois is currently the WBA's regular world champion after beating Trevor Bryan for the belt in June in the United States. He is now set for a big pay day to step aside and allow Fury to fight against Usyk to unify the heavyweight division. Promoter Warren recently confirmed that Fury v Usyk will take ‘priority’ over Dubois’ WBA mandatory order. Triple D will look to stay active in the meantime and will get his shot at the title once the four-belt shoot-out has been settled. READ MORE: Tyson Fury vs Oleksandr Usyk update provided by Frank Warren as date for fight identified   "He's [Dubois] next in the rotation. It's agreed by all the governing bodies, he's next. But obviously, a unification that we're working on will take priority. He'll just keep fighting and defend his title. Him and Joe Joyce are in good positions for big fights next year,” Warren told Dev Sahni on the Queensbury Promotions YouTube channel. Usyk was ringside for Fury's last fight in December when he stopped Derek Chisora in convincing style with the heavyweights facing off afterwards. Fury, who holds the WBC title, wants to give fans the chance to witness the first undisputed heavyweight unification clash of the four-belt era. DON'T MISS:Tyson Fury once called England Lioness star Lucy Bronze a 'p****' and asked for a fightAnthony Joshua offered two fights with AJ 'not part' of 2023 plans for 'angry' Tyson FuryAnthony Joshua and Tyson Fury blocked massive heavyweight fight for Daniel Dubois  “I’m ready and willing to take on Usyk next,” Fury stated. “Let’s give the fans one champion, one name, one face. Usyk’s ready for the challenge. He came over tonight so fair play to him. I’m really looking forward to the challenge. “But if for whatever reason — sometimes the big fights don’t happen — then we’ll have Joe Joyce at Wembley. But provided Usyk does happen then I’ll have him and then do Joe Joyce at Wembley. Why not?” 