"Wisdom teeth can cause pain and discomfort when they erupt into the mouth," he said. While a lot of people experience the emergence of wisdom teeth during their 20s, they can erupt later on in life. "In most cases this is a mild discomfort as a result of the physical changes that need to take place to accommodate a new tooth in the mouth," said dentist Zaheer. For some, however, the eruption of a new wisdom tooth can lead to pericoronitis Pericoronitis "is the inflammation and infection of the gum flap around an erupting or partially erupted wisdom tooth", dentist Zaheer explained. People suffering from the painful condition should "keep the area as clean as possible by using warm salty water mouthwashes". Dentist Zaheer said: "Try to nurse it as best as you can by avoiding chewing on the affected side, particularly hard items which may inflame the area further. READ MORE: Menorrhagia is one of the most 'common signs' of cancer - expert "If the pain intensity increases then you can take some general over-the-counter painkillers. "The process of eruption can range from a few weeks but can extend to months, depending on the shape of your mouth and the space available." As the tooth erupts, the gum flap starts to disappear, dentist Zaheer explained, and "so does the pain". "In some cases they may never fully erupt and remain partially erupted," he added. This is "not unusual for wisdom teeth", which means the gum will partially cover the tooth. Consequently, this type of development can become an "issue", dentist Zaheer warned. Partially erupted wisdom teeth can become a "food trap or breeding ground for bacteria". Over time, the tooth can become decayed or infected, and it might need to be removed. READ MORE: Woman, 37, shares 'intermittent' sign that led to cancer diagnosis This is why if you have pain that persists, or it's starting to make you feel unwell, you must book a dentist's appointment. Experiencing any type of swelling, jaw stiffness, or limited mouth opening needs to be investigated. "Contact your dental practitioner immediately who will be able to give you further advice on management," dentist Zaheer advised. The NHS says that most people have four wisdom teeth, which may emerge at an angle or become stuck, which are regarded as "impacted". The health body adds: "Your wisdom teeth don't usually need to be removed if they're impacted but aren't causing any problems." Yet, if dental problems develop, antibiotics could be prescribed and antiseptic mouthwash. Should these measures not work, surgery, which carries the risk of complications, could be suggested. "Dentists charge depending on the treatment required, unless [you're] otherwise exempt from NHS charges," the NHS states.