Although air fryers have been around for years, their popularity has boomed recently. Compared to an oven, air fryers are much smaller and quicker to heat up. However, this doesn’t make this appliance prone to collecting grease and food stains. Taking to Mrs Hinch Cleaning Tips Facebook page, one woman shared her experience of cleaning her air fryer. Finally finding a solution to clean her air fryer, Mary Cummings said: “Been using my air fryer a lot lately, but it's a pain to clean so tonight I thought would get a piece of kitchen towel to wipe round it and use hot water and washing up liquid to swirl around and it's done. Game changer.” Mary later commented on the post that this method “saves time” and claimed that “no scrubbing” was involved. Over 50 cleaning enthusiasts were quick to rush to the comments section to share their views on the method and even suggest their own tips. READ MORE: ‘Effective’ household item to clean your entire bathroom with Mandy Baird said: “I think they’re super easy to clean. I just use washing up liquid and hot water, nothing special.” Chrissie Dykes commented: “Fairy liquid and hot water. Turn it on for five minutes and wash, job done.” Bridget Doyle wrote: “As soon as I'm finished using mine I put hot water and washing up liquid and let it steep for a while. It’s so easy to clean after that.” Thomas Keating advised: “After use, fill half with hot water drop of washing up liquid and leave to stand for half an hour, then wash and rinse.” DON'T MISSPeter Jones’ quiet life with wife Tara in picturesque UK county [INSIGHT]Food leftovers to ‘never’ add to compost - will ‘attract vermin’ [EXPERT]‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [TIPS] Sandra Nolan said: “I wash mine each time I use it. Very quick and easy by using washing up liquid and boiling water.” Linda Hegerty wrote: “I put the tray in hot water and washing up liquid to soak. After a while I give it a wipe over with a cloth and all the grease and grime slides off. It beats having to give my air fryer basket a good scrubbing.” Washing up liquid makes for a perfect cleaning agent to clean air fryers as they cut through grease and grime. Plus, washing up liquid is readily available as nearly all households will have a bottle in their kitchen cupboard. If for some reason they do not, they are cheap to buy in supermarkets. READ MORE: Banish ‘hard to remove’ tea cup stains with ‘no scrubbing’ A bottle can be picked up from Tesco for as little as 37p and for 45p at Tesco. Sainsbury’s cheapest washing up liquid retails for 50p. It is not just Mrs Hinch fans that recommend using washing up liquid according to Zoe McClean, Breville’ Senior Home Economist, using washing up liquids should be the “only” way to clean them. She said: “To clean the interior of the air fryer oven, wipe with a damp cloth using only mild, soapy water.” The expert warned that households should steer clear of using “abrasive cleaners, scrubbing brushes, and chemical cleaners” as these “will damage the inside of the unit”. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Sue Smith added: “I read recently that a cake tin liner saves the cleaning, so I tried it and it works.” To prevent air fryers getting covered in grease from the start, cleaning enthusiasts recommended using liners in the appliance. Sandra Cirino said: “Use the paper liners, one inside each other. Pierce holes in the top one so that fat still drains into bottom one.” Heidi Tompson wrote: “I have just bought the silicone liners, wish I found these when they were new.”