On Monday’s instalment of Lorraine, the ITV presenter was speaking to royal expert Russell Myers about the photo of Prince Andrew, Ghislaine Maxwell and Virginia Giuffre. With the former socialite claiming the image is not real, she has given an interview set to air on Monday evening from her jail cell in Florida. Recently, it’s been reported The Duke of York is looking to reverse the settlement he made with his sexual abuse accuser.It comes after Virginia Giuffre dropped a separate long-standing sexual abuse claim against lawyer Alan Dershowitz saying she may have made a “mistake”.The settlement U-turn claims come ahead of Ghislaine Maxwell’s upcoming interview where she claims the well-known image of her standing next to Virginia and Prince Andrew is not authentic.Touching on the upcoming chat on Lorraine, the ITV host spoke to royal editor Russell Myers to get his thoughts. READ MORE:GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan She said: “When you’ve got someone like Ghislaine Maxwell speaking up for you, you kind of wonder if it is better not to have anybody at all.“But, she has been talking about it hasn’t she from her jail cell?Russell replied: “She has, again, another extraordinary turn of events. This is 7pm tonight on Jeremy Kyle Live, TalkTV.“He has got a chat with her from her prison cell where she discusses that infamous picture of herself, Virginia Giuffre and Prince Andrew.” Lorraine viewers were shown a small clip from the upcoming interview where Ghislaine was seen speaking into a phone from her cell.However, when the clip ended the ITV host was left confused by the unusual painted background behind her.She commented: “Sorry I was so distracted by the background!“I have watched it a couple of times, but that background is weird, that’s not the jail. DON'T MISS... Coronation Street's Mollie Gallagher addresses future as beloved Nina [DANCING ON ICE] ITV viewers blast GMB over 'hypocritical' report as host jets to Dubai [REACTION] The Masked Singer’s Knitting identity ‘uncovered’ as Elaine Paige [VIDEO]  “She must’ve put something up on her computer surely because that’s bizarre, that is very, very strange.”Commenting on the image behind her, which seemed to be a landscape with green and yellow skies, Russel added: “Well, unless there’s some funky wallpaper going on in the Florida jail?”During the clip, the 61-year-old shared her thoughts on the image as she claimed it was a fake.She said: “I don’t believe it’s real for a second. In fact, I’m sure it’s not. “There’s never been an original, further, there's no photograph and I’ve only ever seen a photocopy of it.”The disgraced socialite was convicted of sex trafficking last year and was given a 20-year sentence.It comes after she was found guilty of luring young girls to massage rooms for Epstein between 1994 and 2004.Lorraine continues weekdays on ITV from 9am.