One of Venus and Serena Williams’ first coaches has tipped Coco Gauff to become the world No 1 and a Grand Slam champion this year amid her run at the Australian Open. The 18-year-old has already made it to the second week without dropping a set and Rick Macci believes the door is open for Gauff to become the next big star in tennis. Gauff has impressed so far at the Australian Open, matching her previous career-best showing in Melbourne by reaching the fourth round. The seventh seed has already defeated a Grand Slam champion in Emma Raducanu and faces another on Sunday in Jelena Ostapenko as she bids to reach her first quarter-final Down Under. And she has already been backed to potentially go all the way this fortnight and win her maiden Grand Slam trophy, as renowned tennis coach Rick Macci claimed that the three-time title winner would add a Major to her haul this year. “The door is open for Coco Gauff,” he tweeted after the teenager downed Bernarda Pera 6-3 6-2 on Friday. “Barty retired, Serena exited stage left, Osaka is away this year, Iga has come back down to earth. 2023 Coco wins a Slam and will be number 1 by the end of the year. Olympic sprinter on a mission and a burning desire.” JUST IN: Djokovic feeling 'really bad' sparking doubts over Aus Open withdrawal   Gauff has already reached the final of a Grand Slam in her young career, falling to Swiatek 6-1 6-3 in the championship match at last year’s French Open, while she reached a career-high of No 4 in the singles, so Macci’s prediction isn’t beyond the American’s capabilities. Macci himself has more than enough experience at spotting young tennis talent, as he famously took on Venus and Serena Williams when they were still kids and helped the family relocate to Florida so they could both train at his academy, with the story being chronicled in Oscar-winning movie King Richard. DON'T MISSBautista Agut gives surprising thoughts on pro-Murray Aus Open crowdAndy Murray's epic Australian Open run ends in heartbreakNovak Djokovic cracks Andy Murray and Nadal joke after Aus Open win  But Gauff will have a tough task on her hands if she is to fulfil the Hall of Fame coach’s predictions, as she sits in a stacked top half of the draw which includes world No 1 Iga Swiatek and her own doubles partner Jessica Pegula. The 18-year-old has been enjoying the reduced stress and pressure that has come with playing lower-ranked opponents so far but will have to prepare for things to get tough. “I definitely feel like my draw here is not, like, other than Emma, hadn't had any, like, huge names, where I feel like tournaments in the past I've had. I wouldn't say more relaxed, but not so much outside pressure,” she explained after her win on Friday. But if Gauff can defeat Ostapenko, she will either face Swiatek or reigning Wimbledon champion Elena Rybakina, while third seed Pegula lurks as a potential semi-final opponent.