Sky Sports pundits Jamie Carragher and Gary Neville were involved in a heated discussion regarding Liverpool's owners Fenway Sports Group after full-time of the Reds' 3-1 defeat to Brentford on Monday. Jurgen Klopp's side began 2023 with a disappointing defeat away to the Bees after Ibrahima Konate's own goal, Yoane Wissa's header and Bryan Mbuemo's effort claimed all three points for the hosts. After the game, Neville suggested the potential new ownership group is going to be key for Liverpool going forward, but Carragher dismissed his idea. "The two biggest things for Liverpool are keeping Jurgen Klopp and getting new owners," Neville claimed. "The right new owners.” Though the Liverpool hero did not agree and made sure to point out the accolades that his side have achieved since FSG have been at the club. “They don’t need new owners," he replied. "They have won absolutely everything you can win by being smart.” Neville was bemused and kept insisting that John W. Henry and FSG are selling the club, before Carragher made sure to make a Manchester United jibe back at his fellow pundit, having grown frustrated following the game: “But even if they don’t, Liverpool have had owners who have won absolutely everything, been clever in the transfer market, not just blowing money like your club, that’s absolute nonsense.” Despite his defence of the current ownership group at Liverpool, Carragher launched into a rant after the game and insisted that without a new midfielder, they would not finish inside the top four this season and questioned their transfer policy. “How's this been allowed to happen? If Liverpool think they can get top four without signing a midfielder - they’ve got absolutely no chance,” he said. "Liverpool's midfield is running on fumes. One midfielder signed in four-and-a-half years. Liverpool's transfer people have been lauded as the best in world football - no midfielder signed in the last two windows - this is on them." DON'T MISS...Transfer news LIVE: Man Utd plot Raphinha move, Chelsea medical todayBest XI of players Man Utd and co can sign on pre-contract agreementsFive players Chelsea could snap up for bargain fees in January  Liverpool chairman Tom Werner confirmed in November that the club was considering a sale, though all optoins remain open including only a partial sale of the club and minority investers coming into Anfield. ”We’re exploring a sale, but there’s no urgency, no time frame for us, and as far as I’m concerned, it’s business as usual,” Werner told the Boston Globe. “One outcome could be our continued stewardship for quite a while. “There has been a lot of interest from numerous potential partners considering investment into the club. It is early days in terms of exploring possibilities for possible investment into Liverpool.” 