On Monday, the Duke of York was spotted for the first time since the Christmas traditons, making his way to Windsor Castle. The 62-year-old, whom was the third child of the late Queen and Prince Philip, was pictured driving around the Royal Family's Berkshire estate. In January 2022, Andrew was stripped of his military affiliations and royal patronages with the approval of his mother, the late Queen. This came three months before the 62-year-old agreed to pay a financial settlement to his accuser Virginia Giuffre, which formally agreed to the end of a civil case brought against him in the US. The out-of-court settlement accepted no liability and Andrew has always strongly rejected claims of wrongdoing. READ MORE: Prince Harry told book 'breaks cardinal reputation management rules' in brutal slap down In an interview this evening, Ghislaine Maxwell will address her relationship with the disgraced millionaire Jeffrey Epstein and Prince Andrew. Ms Maxwell is currently serving 20 years in a Florida prison after she was convicted of three counts of sex trafficking conspiracy and trafficking a minor. In already-released clips from the upcoming interview, Ms Maxwell appeared to offer no apology to Epstein's victims. In Ghislaine's interview with TalkTV's Jeremy Kyle, Maxwell also expressed her personal doubts about the veracity of a picture allegedly showing Virginia Giuffre with Andrew. Andrew, whom has repeatedly denied the accusations made against him, told the interviewer, Emily Maitlis for Newsnight that he had "no recollection of ever meeting" Virginia. READ MORE: Kate and William mocked as lookalikes pose for pictures reading copy of Spare After speculattion of a no-show, Andrew made an appearance at his elder brother King Charles III's first festive service as monarch. After months of laying low, the 62-year-old took part in their traditional walk to church in Sandringham. It was the first time that members of the Royal Family spent Christmas at Sandringham House since 2019, due to Covid restrictions. DON'T MISS Charles's two-fold dilemma over Harry and Meghan Coronation attendance [LATEST]Harry and Meghan's local bookshop has sold only 30 copies of Spare [REPORT]Rishi Sunak could block Harry from Coronation against Charles' wishes [EXPLAINER] In 2019, due to the acccustions, Andrew failed to join the family in 2019. Instead, he attended a private church service at the chapel at 9am with the late Queen. Andrew's Christmas appearance came just days after the King had reportedly thrown his younger brother out of the royal fold. A source told The Sun: "Any presence at the Palace is officially over…The King has made it clear. He isn’t a working royal. He’s on his own."