Erik ten Hag has slammed Manchester United's transfer business in the years leading up to his arrival, claiming the club has signed too many 'average' players. The Red Devils' poor recruitment has been cited as a prominent reason for their slump since Sir Alex Ferguson's 2013 retirement. After David Gill left with Ferguson 11 years ago, Ed Woodward replaced him to oversee United's operations. However, supporters rejoiced when Woodward resigned last year after a failed nine-year regime in which the club splashed over £1billion on transfers with just three major trophies to show for him. And Ten Hag has provided an honest assessment of recruitment at Old Trafford before his arrival, blasting his predecessors for sanctioning 'average' signings. He said: "The club has bought an unimaginable number of players in recent years that have not been good enough. "Most purchases have been average - and at Manchester United, average is not good enough. "United's shirt weighs heavily. Only real personalities who can perform under great pressure can play here." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE With Woodward at the helm, United completed nine signings worth £50m or higher. Harry Maguire enjoyed a strong start, Paul Pogba had his moments, as has Anthony Martial. But of them, only Bruno Fernandes can realistically be viewed as a success. The least said about Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Angel di Maria the better, Fred's price tag still stings, and Jadon Sancho has lots to prove. The Red Devils overspent in Ten Hag's first summer as manager, with the Dutchman desperate to reunite with Ajax duo Lisandro Martinez and Antony. But Martinez, £70m man Casemiro and Christian Eriksen have proven revolutionary additions, and he will be confident Antony will come good. Tyrell Malacia is an exciting prospect with plenty of development to do. DON'T MISS: Ten Hag has three lucky players as Man Utd beat Everton in FA Cup Ten Hag has spoken highly of his first handful of United signings as he seeks to coach the 'highest standard' at Old Trafford. "We needed personalities," Ten Hag added. "That's why the acquisition of Casemiro was so important. Along with Raphaël Varane, we now have a second player who has experience in winning titles." "Malacia, Martínez, Casemiro, and Antony are all fighters, while Christian Eriksen is a technical winner and a great personality. "We want the best of the best. Any players we bring to #mufc must meet the highest standard." Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here