Police warn they are dealing with "a lot of accidents" after temperatures reach nearly -10C in some areas, as much of the UK remains under yellow weather warnings. Brits are predicted to face a continued icy few days as heavy snow is predicted to fall in several areas of the country - with one area expected to receive nine inches of it. The Met Office said that many places will see some "winter sunshine" after a "frosty start" to the day, but warned: "It’s worth leaving extra time for any journeys that you have planned." Surrey Police took a more jovial approach as they warned motorists of the dangers, writing on Twitter: "This is snow joke, baby it's cold out there. Please take care on the roads, the gritters are out and about but we are dealing with a lot of accidents at the moment." Yesterday morning was the coldest day of the year so far, with temperature plummeting as low as -9.8C in the village of Topcliffe in North Yorkshire. Yellow weather warnings, indicating snow and ice, have been issued for much of the north of Scotland, Northern Ireland, parts of Wales, Cornwall and the south of England, with anyone heading out warned to be wary of icy conditions. The Met Desk’s WX Charts indicate that the Scottish Highlands, which yesterday was given a stronger amber warning, is predicted to get at least nine inches of snow by Thursday. The weather agency said that more warnings are expected to be issued over the next few days as the freezing conditions continue. Forecasters have warned temperatures could stay below average into next week in parts of the UK. Of particular concern is the impact on motorists and travel, after yesterday’s weather saw multiple vehicles tipping over and Avon and Somerset Police received more than 100 reports of road-related incidents in five hours In one instance, a major incident was declared when a double decker bus with 70 passengers on board tipped over in a crash involving a motorcycle in Somerset yesterday. The A39 Quantock Road in Bridgwater was closed while police, fire and ambulance units remained on the scene into the afternoon. READ MORE: Cold Weather Payments triggered as two areas eligible for £75 [REVEAL]  NHS Somerset said 27 patients were taken to a minor injuries unit while another 26 were taken to the emergency department at Musgrove Hospital for injuries consistent with a "serious traffic collision". A "small number" of those injured were left needing surgery, the service said. In another instance, a car flipped over on the icy roads in the Brecon Beacons, South Wales. Dale Hipkiss, national network manager at National Highways, said: "Freezing conditions bring so many hazards such as ice and snow and take every possible step to understand your journey in advance and allow lots of extra time when travelling to prepare for the unexpected. DON'T MISS: Pensioners told to heat homes to at least 18C as Britain freezes [REVEAL]Drivers told to avoid roads as Brits brace for snow and ice [INSIGHT]Snow warnings issued across every nation in UK as subzero freeze hits [ANALYSIS] "It’s a good idea for people to check vehicles’ tyres, coolant and oil levels, before heading out to reduce the risk of breakdowns." The cold spell is expected to come to an end later this week. Met Office spokesman Oli Claydon said: "That will slowly spread across the rest of the UK. Southeast England will hold onto colder temperatures for longer." The County Councils Network, which represents 36 county and unitary district councils in England, said more than 2,000 warm spaces remain open as temperatures drop and people look for somewhere to keep warm amid the cost of living crisis. 