M3GAN hit cinemas this month and continued the tradition of an iconic horror movie taking hold of the box office in January. The picture follows a young girl, Cady, whose parents die in a car accident, leaving her in the care of her aunt, Gemma. As a roboticist, she attempts to solve Cady's loneliness by building a robot companion, M3GAN. However, things quickly go awry with the creepy artificially intelligent doll. Amie Donald is a 13-year-old actress from New Zealand. When M3GAN isn't being manipulated by puppetry and special effects, Amie takes on the guise of the killer robot. This allowed M3GAN to deliver her dance moves and more physical scenes within the movie. While most of the film's M3GAN scenes involve special and practical effects, Amie takes on large chunks of the movie as well. Jenna is a 19-year-old actress from Texas, USA, who plays the voice of M3GAN. Viewers may have recognised the star's voice from the TV show Raven's Home, as well as a brief appearance in the TV show Maggie. She previously said of joining the cast of M3GAN: "I didn’t realise it was going to be in theatres… all I knew was that it was AI. It was quite bizarre to see how it’s evolved. In the beginning, I had no clue what it was, to what it has become is a dream come true. It’s more than I could ever ask for." DON'T MISS...A tense thriller and 'thoughtful study of cancel culture' - Tár review [REVIEW]'M3GAN is far greater than the sum of her recycled parts' [REVIEW]Horror movie gives cinemagoers 'vomit bags' - 'Puked in my popcorn' [NEWS] Cady is the young protagonist of M3GAN. Violet, the American actor, may have been recognised by Marvel fans as she previously starred in Black Widow. Violet played a young Yelena Belova in the prequel movie starring Scarlett Johansson and Florence Pugh. She is also a horror movie veteran, having previously appeared in Stephen King's Doctor Sleep and William Brent Bell's Netflix creepathon Separation. The young actor also played the young version of Nell in The Haunting of Hill House. Violet recently revealed she would talk to M3GAN and interact with her in real life between takes. She said: "Well, working alongside a robot became easier as the days went by because I started to become close to M3GAN myself. I would have conversations with her and just talk to her. There are a few scenes in the movie where I am just telling her things and actually wishing she was real." Allison Williams is Cady's aunt in the scary picture and is the inception of M3GAN. As a roboticist, she is keen to bring the creature to life as realistically as possible. Horror fans may recognise Allison from the Oscar-winning 2017 picture Get Out, which was directed by Jordan Peele. In the movie, she played Rose Armitage, the young woman who coaxed Daniel Kaluuya's Chris to the Armitage household to be captured. "I thought Gemma was awesome," she recently said of her character. "I loved the idea of playing someone who is obsessed with what she does — super brilliant, genius — who has never really thought much about life, a family that she wants to build, having kids, or anything like that. She's just like really into her job." M3GAN is in cinemas now.