Dan Evans dropped a joke about being “thrown out” of the Davis Cup squad as he refused to give a specific answer about what he would deem a good figure of Brits at the Australian Open. The world No 30 has already been in some hot water over the Davis Cup after criticising captain Leon Smith’s doubles choices and claiming he’d stop playing if they didn’t change.  Evans has been vocal about the Davis Cup in recent months, most notably claiming he would quit Britain’s squad and stop representing the country if he wasn’t picked for the doubles after questioning the captain’s decision to use Joe Salisbury and Neal Skupski instead. Smith did so despite the latter having played some tour events with Evans to try and build chemistry to use to their advantage at the competition, which is seen as the men’s World Cup of tennis. The 32-year-old has since been named in Britain’s squad for their qualifier tie against Colombia next month despite his comments, and is now being careful not to land himself in more hot water before they do battle in Colombia from February 3 to 5. Evans was asked if he thought things were looking decent for the Brits in the second round following his win over Facundo Bagnis and Andy Murray’s victory over Matteo Berrettini. “We aren't going to start this again, are we?” The British No 2 quipped. “It's not that decent. Two Brits in qualies and none in the top 300 or whatever.” With Evans not as impressed by the number of Brits making it to Australia, he was asked exactly what a good figure would be. JUST IN: Australian Open umpire dives off chair and chases fan after theft But the Birmingham native didn’t want to get himself into any trouble with Britain’s Davis Cup tie less than three weeks away, smiling as he responded: “Come on. I've got to get to Davis Cup. Come on. Get thrown out of the team before I have agreed to go.” Evans was happy to discuss the results of one of his compatriots however, as he spoke about Murray’s 6-3 6-3 4-6 6-7(7) 7-6(6) victory over Berrettini which lasted four hours and 49 minutes. “I think the amazing thing is he didn't cramp,” he admitted, after being caught on camera watching the match from the locker room. “He obviously had troubles with the cramping and I think he will be happy that he did his preseason and he got everything right. I mean, he always obviously does, leaves no stone unturned. The thing with the cramping, obviously he spoke a bit about the nutrition and then the work, so he obviously addressed that, and no bigger test than playing Berrettini.” DON'T MISSCoco Gauff took up boxing and trained with Tyson before Raducanu clashMurray's dig over Berrettini's 'bad' match point after Aus Open winNick Kyrgios 'relieved' not to play Aus Open as he explains withdrawal While Murray got to enjoy an air-conditioned Rod Laver Arena, Evans played one of many matches on the outdoor courts that was suspended for three hours when the extreme heat rule came into effect, and he added: “I mean, it was air conned, I guess, indoors, but the little gems those guys get, yeah, he doesn't have the sunburn I've got tonight.” The world No 32 also joked about the three-time Grand Slam champion’s competitive streak as he revealed the pair had exchanged messages about their respective level going into the Aussie Open. Evans continued: “Yeah, he's weirdly competitive, and some of the things he comes out with would, you know -- but yeah, I mean, you guys know him. “He's pretty negative, and when he says he was playing well, I knew he'd obviously practised well the last week, because, you know, he'll message me, messing around, saying, Are you playing any good? And I'll ask him. He messaged back last week saying, Yeah, some good work. Obviously he feels he's hitting the ball well if he gives himself a compliment. He obviously felt pretty good going into today, and the match obviously showed.” 