Adam Levine, 34, and Behati Prinsloo, 34, have not shared any details but it has been reported that the couple have "welcomed their third child". This comes after Adam was plagued with infidelity rumours last year, which he denied. US outlet People reported that the Maroon 5 frontman and his lingerie model wife had welcomed their third child, but did not share any further details. The couple, who married in 2014 already have two daughters: Gio Grace, four, and Dusty Rose, six. Express.co.uk have contacted Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo's representatives for comment. Last September Behati confirmed her pregnancy to People and also shared a picture on Instagram displaying her growing baby bump. READ MORE: Piers Morgan uncovers reason for health woes after ongoing symptoms  In a previous interview with Entertainment Tonight, Behati shared her hope for a larger family, planning to expand her brood to five children. She said: "We always knew we wanted a second one. So I think for me in those two years when I had two babies under the age of two, I was just like, 'Don't even think about it!' "But I do also want five kids, but don't even think about it. "We're leaving it up to fate and just what happens. What will happen, will happen. So there are no limits to it." The news of the couple's new arrival comes after the Maroon 5 frontman was accused of messaging other women in a flirtatious manner, with Behati making the decision to stand by her husband. It was claimed Behati was deeply "upset" over the allegations, with the pair now reportedly "happily married", a source told JustJared in October. The source confirmed: "Behati is upset but she does believe him that there was no physical affair. DON'T MISS... James May slams Jeremy Clarkson's 'creepy' Meghan Markle comments [OPINION] Kim Kardashian's 'insulting' chav makeup slammed by Ulrika Jonsson [HOLLYWOOD] Sofia Vergara risks wardrobe malfunction in tiny black dress [PICS] "They have been together this entire time. She feels they are happily married and is shocked to find out what was going on behind her back." The Payphone hitmaker has been accused of sending flirtatious text messages to four women, with one accusing the singer of a physical affair. Adam released a statement at the time reading: "I used poor judgment in speaking with anyone other than my wife in ANY kind of flirtatious manner. "I did not have an affair, nevertheless, I crossed the line during a regrettable period in my life. "In certain instances, it became inappropriate; I have addressed that and taken proactive steps to remedy this with my family. "My wife and my family are all I care about in this world. To be this naive and stupid enough to risk the only thing that truly mattered to me was the greatest mistake I could ever make. "I will never make it again. I take full responsibility. We will get through it. And we will get through it together." Adam began dating Behati in 2012, with Jonah Hill officiating their wedding in 2014.