The Last Kingdom, Netflix’s historical drama has left fans puzzled by a costume error. The final season of the series aired in early 2022 and since then fans have been discovering key plot holes as they re-watch the popular series. The Last Kingdom follows Uhtred of Bebbanburg (played by Alexander Dreymon) as he fights to regain control of his home and enters the service of a Christian king and later the son of the king. Season five was the final instalment of the historical drama and over the past months, fans have still been talking about it. The Last Kingdom ended in a truce between King Constantin (Rod Hallett) and Uhtred on the condition Northumbria remained independent. Although season five was the end of the series, Netflix are producing a follow-up movie titled Seven Kings Must Die. READ MORE: EastEnders fans 'work out' father of Lily Slater's baby in DNA twist Fans have recently spotted a huge costume plot hole in the latest season. On IMDb, one fan wrote: “Lots of the women are seen wearing knitted shawls, often using a cable stitch. “Knitting did not reach the British isles until the High Middle Ages, probably from the Middle East via Spain.” The Last Kingdom is set around the last 800s, with the High Middle Ages said to be around 1000 to 1300. Despite this, crocheting became popular in the late 1800s, when Queen Victoria gave Irish crochet a boost during the Great Irish Famine. The knitting blunder isn’t the first plot hole fans have noticed about the series. Another user on IMDb wrote: “The Anglo-Saxons use kite-shields which were adopted in the 11th century, not the 9th.” The Last Kingdom is set during the Viking invasions of England, however there is some overlap with the Anglo-Saxons. DON'T MISS...The Kingdom Exodus' Mikael Persbrandt on replacing Stig Helmer star [EXCLUSIVE]The Kingdom: Exodus’s Mikael Persbrandt details ‘messy’ scenes [INTERVIEW]The Last Kingdom film theory sees Finan's return 'confirmed' [LATEST] A University of Winchester professor, Ryan Lavelle, revealed how accurate Netflix’s The Last Kingdom actually is. Lavelle says the show could have given the public the wrong idea about historical characters. The professor explained although Uhtred of Bebbanburg is fictional, there was a real man of that name. “Northumbrians in this period had to have some kind of Danish connection in order to survive, so it’s likely he did,” he told Den of Geek. As well as pointing out plot holes, fans have also shared how much they enjoyed The Last Kingdom. User @SkyysTheLimit tweeted: “The Last Kingdom has literally made me love world history.” Another fan @Captain_Bobog wrote: “The Last Kingdom is a good watch, you should see it.” One fan @nilreadsWoT shared: “I’m loving The Last Kingdom.” All seasons of The Last Kingdom are available to watch on Netflix now.