Another instalment of Bridgerton is still in the works, with millions of fans eagerly awaiting the much-teased romance between Colin (played by Luke Newton) and Penelope Featherington (Nicola Coughlan). While the first season of the hit Netflix drama focused on Daphne (Phoebe Dynevor) and Simon Basset’s (Regé-Jean Page) steamy love affair, Dynevor has recently hinted she may not feature in season three at all. Breakout star Dynevor has suggested Daphne will be taking a backseat to the drama in Bridgerton season three. Despite being the central focus of season one and featuring heavily in the second outing, the actress appears to be taking a break from the show this time around. The series has already seen the departure of Page’s Duke of Hastings after just one season. Now the cast continues to shrink for the third season, which will be based on Julia Quinn’s fourth novel, Romancing Mister Bridgerton. READ MORE: Strictly's Gorka Marquez and Karen Hauer would 'love' to judge show The actress was recently asked if there would be any “exciting dynamics coming up for Daphne in Bridgerton season three”. “Sadly not in season three. Potentially in the future,” she replied. Dynevor may have confirmed she’s not in Bridgerton season three at all, or might just have had her screen time reduced to give Penelope and Colin the spotlight. Thankfully, she doesn’t seem to have taken a leaf out of her co-star Page’s book and departed the series altogether. Daphne’s story may be over, but there’s still a good chance she’ll return for more balls and drama in Bridgerton’s already confirmed fourth season. For now, though, she tells ScreenRant: “But season three, I’m just excited to watch as a viewer.” The cast, including Coughlan and her co-star Polly Walker, were recently spotted in full Featherington garb filming scenes for the show in Bath. Penelope’s bright green dress caught the eyes of some observant Bridgerton fans, who believe the colour is a hint towards her romance with Colin. DON'T MISS:Extraordinary team ‘livid’ after nude scene mishap [EXCLUSIVE]Lockwood and Co creator confirms Lucy’s ‘invented’ backstory [INSIGHT]NCIS team ‘shadowed’ as Lost star returns to CBS drama [LATEST] More details are being kept under wraps, but Lady Danbury’s Adjoa Andoh recently teased what viewers can expect when the ton returns. “It’s season three so there will be lots of things you’re familiar with,” she said at the Pride of Britain Awards. “There will be the next Bridgerton child, in this case Colin, and we’ll find out what his romantic outworkings are. “There’ll be a bit of How’s Your Father, no doubt, there’ll be some lovely frocks, there’ll be some lovely locations.” “I will have some trouble that comes at me in surprising ways, and it’ll be more of the same, but with surprises. It’s got extra glam to it this season, I would say.” Already one of the most extravagant period dramas of years, it looks like the series will step it up another notch for Colin and Penelope’s story. Fans will be pleased Andoh’s Lady Danbury isn’t going anywhere, and the third season is also expected to see the return of fan-favourites like Anthony (Jonathan Bailey) and Eloise (Claudia Jessie). Bridgerton seasons 1-2 are available to stream on Netflix.