While UK inflation remains high, the Bank of England has been boosting its Base Rate, which is the rate it charges other banks and other lenders when they borrow money. These moves have seen mortgage rates spiral, causing monthly payments for those on variable plans - as well as those needing to remortgage - to steadily increase over the past months. However, with a less severe BoE forecast, loans “shouldn’t jump much higher”, an analyst has said. Alice Haine, personal finance analyst at Bestinvest said: “Inflation is expected to halve over the course of 2023, but with more Bank of England interest rate rises expected in the months ahead to ensure price rises really are curtailed - potentially taking the bank rate to a peak of 4.5 percent from its current level of 3.5 percent - those looking to take on a new mortgage or to refinance should consider their options carefully in 2023.” However, Ms Haine continued: “The good news is that 4.5 percent is lower than the six percent or more feared during the mortgage chaos late last year, which could mean mortgage rates are close to topping out and should not jump much higher from here.” Echoing the sentiment, Anthony Codling, CEO of property platform Twindig, said: "Average mortgage rates fell in December 2022 as financial markets continued stabilising following the Autumn Statement in November. This is the first tangible sign that some of the damage caused to the housing market by the September mini-budget is being reversed. READ MORE: Keep your house warm without 'wasting heat through the day'  "At a time of rising living costs the reduction in mortgage rates will be welcomed by homebuyers across the country, and if we combine the impact of lower mortgage rates with falling house prices the good news gets even better. "The Bank of England is currently using interest rates to seek to lower inflation and it is likely that the Bank of England will raise interest rates again before they deem inflation to be under control." That said, Mr Codling continued: "The spread (difference) between underlying interest rates and mortgage rates could narrow (reduce) and therefore mortgage rates in the future may be lower than we had previously expected them to be." Speaking on the market's current trajectory following the Conservatives disastrous mini-budget in September, Jonathan Samuels, CEO of Octane Capital noted that the bond markets “like a steady hand” and both PM Rishi Sunak and Chancellor Jeremy Hunt “are believed to provide one”, as evidenced by the most recent budget that “barely registered a murmur”. DON'T MISS: 5 ‘bad habits’ to avoid that ‘drastically’ add to your energy bills [EXPLAINED]Britons on brink as over a third fear being made homeless in 2023 [ANALYSIS]‘Cost-saving features’ are top ‘desires’ for homebuyers in 2023 [INSIGHT]    He continued: “As a result, we’ve already seen Gilts and Swap rates stabilise and we believe this will remain the case throughout next year. While the knock-on effect on mortgage rates has been gradual, momentum is building for a steady reduction which should benefit buyers in 2023." However, it’s important that buyers still consider their options much more carefully than they did during the era of ultra-low rates, with those exiting fixed-rate deals in the next few months likely to be facing a sizeable jump in repayments. Ms Haine said: “A good independent mortgage broker can offer guidance for first-time buyers and those looking to remortgage on the best solution for their situation, such as whether a variable or fixed-rate mortgage works best.” READ MORE: Overpay on your mortgage to avoid repayment ‘shock’  According to Ms Haine, variable mortgages “are cheaper” than fixed-rate deals now, however, she noted that they do track interest rates making it likely they will go up in the months ahead. However, Ms Haine pointed out: "Once rates hit their peak, however, variable rates may fall back again so it could result in short-term pain for long-term gain." She continued: “For those that prefer the security of set monthly payments, locking in a new fixed deal makes sense but perhaps choose a shorter tenure to give yourself more options further down the line. Remember, you can secure a new product up to six months in advance of your existing deal expiring, something that may relieve anxiety for those that like to plan their finances for the full year.  “Whatever decision you make, remember the future is always uncertain with interest rates often dictated by global events such as the war in Ukraine and how the US Federal Reserve handles interest rates. “With no guarantees on how the market will perform in 2023, some may choose to adopt a wait-and-see approach, while others are forced to sell as household finances get squeezed by higher mortgage payments.” Ms Haine said those that can afford to take advantage of lower prices and the continuation of Stamp Duty cuts may want to look into "pushing ahead", particularly if they have a solid mortgage offer in place. She said that a "chunky deposit, a secure job and plans to remain in their property for several years" should give the market time to recover from any downturn. 