The immediate cause of the industrial unrest may be the scourge of inflation and how it is hammering the pay packets of those at the lowest end of the wage scale. But much of it is still rooted in a visceral hatred of Margaret Thatcher and the measures she took all those years ago to curb excessive powers enjoyed by the unions, which were slowly strangling the country. The outlook for the day of disruption is grim: Teachers, civil servants, lecturers and rail staff have all agreed on co-ordinated action. ASLEF and the RMT confirmed last week their staff would strike on that day. They will be joining 300,000 teachers from the National Education Union and 100,000 civil servants from the Public and Commercial Services Union. Add in around 70,000 members of the University and College Union and you get a figure of 500,000, making it the biggest day of co-ordinated strikes since 1979. The mood of the unions is plain to see. Speaking at a rally outside parliament last week, rail union leader Mick Lynch declared: “The working class is back now and we’re going to fight for our rights. “If we are together, if we are united, if we control our movement for ourselves, we will be unstoppable in this country.”  If your memory goes back far enough, close your eyes and you could be listening to Arthur Scargill, Derek “Red Robbo” Robinson or Brenda Dean. For those of you not in the know, they were union leaders for the miners, British Leyland and the printers back in the 1970s and 80s respectively – and we all know what happened to them. If you’re still struggling, just watch Peter Sellers as Fred Kite in the film I’m All Right Jack and all should become clear. This is the opportunity many trade unions have been waiting for since Mrs Thatcher successfully (and necessarily) dismantled trade union power all those years ago. Evidence for this was made plain last week when a picture of a picket line supporting nurses’ industrial action showed one particular demonstrator. Along with colleagues, he was carrying a poster stating “Solidarity with the NHS Strikes.” But his T-shirt carried a more powerful message. It had the simple stark slogan “Still Hate Thatcher.” Think about that for a moment. Someone is clearly still motivated by “hate” for a woman who died nearly 10 years ago and who has not been in power for 33 years. This fella has managed to “maintain the rage” for more than three decades! While I’m not suggesting one man and his shirt represent the desires of 500,000 striking workers, there can be little doubt this fuels the unbridled anger towards this government. They conveniently forget that since Mrs Thatcher was turfed out of office the country was led by the longest-serving Labour PM in history. The grip Tony Blair and Gordon Brown exerted on the political landscape was total and unremitting. But it’s the cheap and easy mantra of “us-versus-them” that resonates for these class warriors, and ensuring Mrs Thatcher retains her position as a Hydra-style villainess from Greek mythology is crucial. It’s never the fact that unions would strike for the most insignificant of reasons or that they drove car production into the ground due to demands and dubious practices – it’s always the accursed Thatcherism. As a result we’re in the Tardis heading back to 1979. Put Bright Eyes on the radio, To The Manor Born on the TV and then we’ll just wait for the rubbish collectors and gravediggers to go on strike as well. And then we’ll all be asking: “Where is a Thatcher when you need one?”  The Police, rightly, took an absolute kicking last week. The vetting at the largest force in the land, London’s Metropolitan Police, seems non-existent as a repeat sex offender enjoyed nearly two decades of dodging justice and discipline as he racked up a series of appalling crimes that makes him one of the worst sex offenders in British history. This column often questions whether some officers are more interested in social work and campaigning than nicking villains. So, credit where it’s due. When the wife of one traffic cop with Durham Police heard that five-year-old Harry Farrell had been given a toy police motorbike for Christmas following the death of his dad last year, she asked the lad’s mum if he’d like to meet some “real policemen”. As any young child’s parent will testify, that’s too good an opportunity to pass up. And so it was that a “squad” of four police motorbike riders arrived and Harry was placed in prime position to lead the police team around his cul-de-sac. Top marks to those boys in blue – and particularly the boy who led them!  It apparently costs tens of thousands of dollars to attend the World Economic Forum in Davos and this year more than 650 delegates have been happy to shell out that sort of cash. So far the biggest headline has been that bosses of US banks and major investment companies have agreed that working from home has gone on too long and is starting to damage their businesses, with one of them telling staff: “If you want New York money, you gotta work in New York.” Quite right too. But did they all need to go to Switzerland to reveal that. Surely they could have done it “working from home” back in the US?  Prime Minister Rishi Sunak has pledged AGAIN to light a bonfire of 4,000 pieces of European Union regulation and law to help speed up economic recovery. How many times have we heard this now? Can someone just pass Rishi the matches?  Only Nicola Sturgeon knows what is behind her determination to drive through the Gender Recognition Reform Bill that would change the law dramatically in Scotland. If it is to help people who are vulnerable and experiencing considerable emotional trauma, she is to be lauded. However, if it is merely a ruse to manoeuvre Westminster into blocking the act – which would then be seen as denying the will of the Scottish people and therefore supporting her claim for independence – then that would be a different matter altogether...  Have you seen that bizarre video in which Chancellor Jeremy Hunt attempts to explain the issues surrounding rising inflation using coffee cups while seated in the Treasury canteen? Apparently next week he solves the Northern Ireland issue using croissants and marmalade. Prince Harry stands accused of aiding Iranian propaganda after Tehran used him to defend its hanging of a British-Iranian “spy.” The country’s foreign ministry said Britain was “in no position to preach to others on human rights” after Harry described the killing of 25 Taliban as the “removal of chess pieces”. Challenged over this, Harry predictably – but nevertheless bafflingly blamed the media for reporting the story. Did it not occur to him that had he NOT written it in the first place, no one would have ever known.  