According to research from holiday home company Willerby, the Lake District is the UK’s third most popular staycation destination. It landed close behind Cornwall and Wales. READ MORE: Tripadvisor names the best food destination in the world A Willerby spokesperson said: “Tourists from around the world visit the Lake District National Park for its spectacular scenery, wildlife, history and culture. “The national park is home to Scafell Pike, England’s highest mountain, as well as secret caves to explore. “Cathedral Quarry, a network of quarries above Little Langdale, is one of the Lake District’s hidden gems. “The quarry’s formidable main chamber, known as Cathedral Cave, is absolutely stunning with a huge stone stack supporting the cavernous roof and a hole where the light comes from giving the effect of a cathedral dome.” The Cathedral’s impressive main chamber is 40 feet high and is lit by two windows from the main quarry. Tourists will have several tunnels to explore, one of which is about 400 feet long, but they might need to bring a torch. The cave is open all day and is free to enter but tourists should take care during their visit and wear sturdy shoes. Tourists should also keep an eye on children as there are a few big drops and rocks to clamber over. READ MORE: Jet2 announces new flights to Turkey for this summer  Cathedral Quarry is also a popular area for abseiling and rock climbing with several recognised routes. The fascinating site was actually previously owned by Beatrix Potter, who gave it to the National Trust. Tourists can also check out one of the Lake District’s other incredible attractions, including the Castlerigg Stone Circle. The monument is thought to have been built around 3000 BC and is one of around 1,300 stone circles in the British Isles. Chloe Lidster, director of customer experience at Willerby said: “Many of us are aware that the UK is looking to become net zero by 2050 and I think it is something Brits will think about more when planning future holidays. “We understand that this isn’t at the front of everyone's minds now, but the increase in staycations during 2022 has definitely had a positive impact. “By staying in the UK, we are cutting our carbon footprint, and there are so many beautiful destinations in the UK to explore. We hope this trend continues.” A holiday to one of the UK’s top tourist staycation destinations could cut a tourist’s carbon footprint by a significant amount.