Arsenal are expected to complete the signing of Leandro Trossard imminently, according to reports. The Belgian has accepted the conditions of the deal and an agreement is soon set to be reached with Brighton. Arsenal finally look set to sign a winger in the January transfer window. It has been the priority position Mikel Arteta has targeted since the market was closed in the summer. Mykhaylo Mudryk was the top target but he has instead joined Chelsea from Shakhtar Donetsk. Arsenal were not prepared to pay the £88million the Ukrainian club were demanding. The Gunners have looked at alternative options in recent days. Barcelona star Raphinha and Bayer Leverkusen's Moussa Diaby are two players they have looked at. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  However, Mudryk's deal has set a new benchmark and both players would cost a similar amount to the 22-year-old. Trossard is expected to be a far cheaper option for Arsenal. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano broke news of Arsenal's move for the 28-year-old on Thursday morning. And it appears to be moving quickly as a deal looks to be finalised before 12pm on Friday, in order for him to be available to face Manchester United on Sunday. Romano's latest update says the transfer is on the brink of completion. He tweeted: "Leandro Trossard has accepted all the conditions offered by Arsenal on his contract — all other teams interested have been informed of his decision. "Personal terms are 100 per cent agreed. The clubs are expected to complete the agreement very, very soon as revealed today." DON'T MISSArsenal switch strategy as Trossard's Man Utd registration deadline setChelsea star Mudryk rubs salt in Arsenal wounds with social media postMan Utd star Martinez has made midfield pledge ahead of Arsenal clash  Trossard is widely reported to be costing Arsenal around £20m, less than a quarter of what Chelsea could end up paying for Mudryk. Trossard will bring over 120 games of experience in English football with Brighton. He has 25 goals and 14 assists in that time, including a hat-trick at Anfield against Liverpool earlier this season. Arsenal are short in depth in attacking areas, with Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka starting every league game so far this term. Trossard is unlikely to unseat the duo from a spot in Arteta's XI. However, he would provide an experienced alternative from the bench. Emile Smith Rowe has appeared as a substitute in the last two matches as he builds his way back to full fitness. After the clash with United, Arsenal visit Manchester City in the FA Cup fourth round.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here