Retiring early seems like a pipe dream for millions, especially against the backdrop of the current economic crisis - with COVID-19 and the Ukraine war playing a substantial part.  However, taking action when it comes to this perfect storm is likely to be key to help Britons who still want the retirement of their dreams. One person who was able to do this was Peter Malcolm, 55, whose story was shared by Tally Money exclusively with Express.co.uk. Mr Malcolm worked as an oil rig engineer, and despite enjoying generous pension benefits, he was keen to “shock-proof his retirement” against stock market volatility and inflation. After witnessing the 2008 global financial crisis, the engineer became determined to establish himself a financial safety net. Mr Malcom explained: “I became interested in gold around 2009 and began educating myself about its history. READ MORE: Millions of Britons to get up to £1,350 in cost of living support “Unlike conventional currencies like the pound and the dollar, gold doesn’t lose value against inflation. “So I could see immediately how holding gold was a good way of preserving wealth. “Back then, investing in gold wasn’t as easy as it is today. “There were a few gold bullion investment companies that would keep gold in a vault for you. DON'T MISS‘Impact of inflation’ can’t be ignored by state pensioners [INSIGHT]Premium Bonds winner in 'disbelief' after £1million prize win [UPDATE]10 key dates to look out for in 2023 for your money [LATEST] “Those companies still exist, but these days there are far more ways to invest in gold, from savings apps to ETFs.” Of course, for anyone who is considering the idea of investment - regardless of where they invest - careful consideration is required. Investment means capital is at risk, and people could get back less than they originally put in. In addition, investment may not be a suitable option for everyone - and other aspects of finance such as debt should always be tackled first. READ MORE: Money-saving challenge that promises almost £7,000 in one year For Mr Malcom, though, he feels the decision to invest was one of the best he has ever made. Today, the married father-of-two from Edinburgh now puts spare cash into a TallyMoney savings account - which offers a debit Mastercard. If the price of gold rises relative to sterling, then so will the GBP value of the account. For example, in the last 12 months alone, gold has risen around nine percent against sterling. Mr Malcolm added: “Gold has performed very well this year against sterling, and if I sold all my gold now I’d make a considerable capital gain. What is happening where you live? Find out by adding your postcode or visit InYourArea “I also like the long term stability and protection from inflation that gold offers, so I’m in a good place.” No investment is free of risk, but Britons might be able to mitigate the risk they take. This can be done by carefully managing the investments one has in place. Recently, Shona Lowe, financial planning expert at abrdn, urged people to “regularly review” in 2023. She explained: “If you have investments, including your pension, revise your attitude to risk. “Review your investment choices to make sure you’re poised to take advantage of opportunities for growth. “Being aware of the changes that need to be made is crucial to staying on track with your finances. “If you’re not confident doing this yourself, or don’t have the time, it’s worth considering speaking to a financial adviser. They can help you put a plan in place, and make sure it stays on track.”