Mykhaylo Mudryk has once again made it clear he is desperate to join Arsenal after the Gunners submitted a third, improved offer for their top January transfer target on Thursday night. Mikel Arteta's table-topping side are refusing to give up on the jet-heeled 22-year-old attacker and although their opening two offers were rebuffed, Edu is still fixated on striking a deal with Shakhtar Donetsk. Mudryk has been public that he wants to join Arsenal this month by continuously flirting with a move to the Emirates Stadium on Instagram. But after Fabrizio Romano revealed Arsenal had made a third offer worth £62million plus add-ons - Mudryk once again attempted to pile the pressure on selling club Shakhtar. He posted the praying hands emoji on his Instagram story - seemingly suggesting he is hopeful the bid would be enough to unlock his dream move to the Premier League. Yet come Friday morning, the post had been deleted despite going viral on Twitter, where Arsenal fans continue to wait patiently for developments. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Speaking in mid-November, Mudryk made it clear he felt Shakhtar's £85m valuation was unreasonable as he raised fears he would be priced out of a move to north London. "When I found out about my price, I wasn't just surprised – I was shocked," Mudryk told Sport Arena when quizzed on Shakhtar's astronomical valuation. "I have a long-term contract with Shakhtar [set to expire in December 2026], I give all my strength and energy so that Shakhtar achieves maximum results... but every football player has a dream to play in a top club and in a top championship - I am no exception. "But I am 100 per cent sure that they are unlikely to buy a player from the championship of Ukraine for 100 million... I will not hide that I was very upset. The amount of 100 million puts a barrier for my transition to the top championship, which I so dreamed of. I can't say that my dream was killed, but wounded - that's for sure." READ MOREArsenal make Mykhaylo Mudryk transfer progress following fresh Shakhtar negotiationsMan Utd signing Antony 'left badly shaken' after motorway crash wrecks £100k BMWFour vacant Arsenal shirt numbers waiting for Mykhaylo Mudryk ahead of exciting transfer Mudryk is currently away with Shakhtar at their mid-season training camp in Turkey as preparations are ramped up ahead of their return to action in February. But the winger is still optimistic he will be able to join Arteta's title charge before the window closes at the end of the month - despite Shakhtar's stubborn negotiating tactics. He was spotted in deep conversation with director of football Darijo Srna earlier this week with the Croatian among those central to transfer talks with Arsenal. Srna was in London last week to hold further discussions with Chelsea, who are not expected to make a move unless Arsenal decide to walk away from the table. Shakhtar are yet to formally respond to Arsenal's latest offer, although sources continue to cite that negotiations are ongoing. Earlier this week, Express Sport reported that the two clubs were slowly edging towards an agreement in regards to a final transfer fee. The two clubs were still deeply discussing how any deal would be structured with Arsenal keen to pad out the transfer with performance and team-related add-ons. The Ukrainian giants, however, would prefer the majority of the cash upfront which is why they continue to hold firm in their exhausting, never-ending transfer saga.