Kaleidoscope, Netflix's new heist drama has taken viewers by storm. The idea of the show baffled fans at first but the series promises to make sense no matter which way viewers decide to watch the show. However, in a new interview, Kaleidoscope stars Giancarlo Esposito and Tati Gabrielle revealed the best way to binge-watch the new Netflix series. Available to watch now on Netflix, the series follows a group of thieves who attempt to break into the most secure vault in the United States, for a huge seven billion dollars. Kaleidoscope takes place 24 years before the heist and the months after, and two stars from the show have opened up about the best way to watch the experimental non-linear series. Giancarlo Esposito, who is best known for his roles in Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul, stars in the lead role as Leo Pap, the mastermind behind the heist operation. Alongside him is Chilling Adventures of Sabrina and You star Tati Gabrielle, who plays Hannah Kim, an ambitious protégé who is balancing her life of finance and crime. READ MORE: 1000lb Sisters star Tammy Slaton unrecognisable after transformation In a recent interview, Esposito and Gabrielle shared the ideal way to binge the new series and they have very differing views. Gabrielle suggested that viewers should watch the show as it is suggested on Netflix, rather than jumbling up the episodes, however, she is looking forward to any way it is interpreted. “I would want people to watch it how it pops up on Netflix," the star told Collider. "I’m very excited and curious to see, or to hear, the conversations that come out of everybody seeing it in a different way.” Netflix has said that the order in which viewers watch the episodes will affect their viewpoints on the story and the characters. Her co-star Giancarlo Esposito, has a different idea and believes fans will watch it in all different ways to see what they missed in their first binge-watch. Giancarlo said: “If it pops up on Netflix in a suggested order, I would say jumble that order and just go for one. "No matter which order you watch this show in, you’re going to watch it again in a different order.” DON'T MISS...Prince Harry to face 'repercussions' if he throws more 'hand grenades' [INSIGHT]Yellowstone season 5 won't return for quite some time [SPOILERS]Emmerdale family torn apart after another Chas Dingle betrayal [THEORY] The eight-part series has approximately 40,320 different ways to watch, all of which would make sense in any order. If viewers save the finale episode - ‘White’ - until last, there are 5,040 possible combinations to watch the show. However, for those who decide to watch the finale in a random order along with the other episodes, there are then 40,320 different ways to watch Kaleidoscope. Some ways to watch the crime drama could be in chronological order, in reverse or even every episode and never the final episode. Alongside Esposito and Gabrielle, the cast of the Netflix show includes Rufus Sewell, Jordan Mendoza and Rosaline Elbay. The show has already proved to be a hit among fans, with viewers dubbing it as iconic and interesting. One fan @NajmaDayib tweeted: “Kaleidoscope on Netflix is iconic. I wish I could erase my mind and rewatch this again in another order and then repeat.” Another viewer @KiwiFunknuckle shared: “Watching Kaleidoscope on Netflix. Interesting. Interesting.” Kaleidoscope is available to watch on Netflix.