Eamonn Holmes made a brutal admission during Wednesday's GB News, admitting to his co-host it, "was good not to like people." Eamonn and Isabel Webster chatted about former feuds and Isabel brought up the fact Eamonn had made amends with his former co-star Anthea Turner. The topic came as the duo discussed Shakira's revenge song, which she released on YouTube. "What do you think about all the topics we are covering?" Isabel said to viewers. "We particularly want revenge stories," Eamonn chipped in. "Revenge is it good, is it bad?" Isabel interrupted: "You talk a good game about this. You do, you talk a good game about it but actually, all the people in your life that you've had ding dongs with in the past, you're on great terms with now when I think about it?" READ MORE: Here's where the original Keeping Up Appearances cast is now "No," Eamonn fired back as his co-host added: "No? Mostly." "What like Anthea Turner?" the former This Morning presenter continued. "Yeah," Isabel replied before adding: "Princess Tippy Toes." "Prepared to forgive and forget," Eamonn said as Isabel pointed out: "You're quite good at getting over tiffs." "No, but there are other people who have got names who are dead to me whose names I can't..." Eamonn began to say. "Let's not go there," his co-host said shutting him down. "That's the thing," Ruth Langsford's husband admitted. "Once you cross...there are evil people. "Let's face it there are evil people and in the fight against good or evil, which I am good. DON'T MISS:Antiques Roadshow expert issues warning to guest over WWI albums [VIDEO]Ken Bruce quit Radio 2 'over fears he was too old' [INSIGHT]Vera fans distracted by Holby City star’s appearance  [REACTION] "The only sort of enemy you want is a defeated enemy." They might be on good terms now, but Anthea and Eamonn did have an off-screen feud following her abrupt exit from GMTV. At the time, Eamonn claimed Anthea was demanding referring to her as "Princess Tippy Toes." Anthea also claimed that when they worked together, Eamonn made "rude" remarks about her. Eamonn may not have revealed who he was referring to on GB News, but last year the presenter said "he wasn't treated with respect" following his exit from This Morning. Eamonn and his wife Ruth used to present on ITV’s This Morning together every Friday but were replaced on the show by Alison Hammond and Dermot O'Leary in 2021. “It was obvious I didn't tick the boxes for ITV anymore and I wasn't being treated with respect there," Eamonn said in an interview last year. "It was a self-esteem thing. You think, 'Nah I'm out of here, bye!' So that was it,” he continued to Guardian Magazine. Breakfast with Eamonn and Isabel airs weekdays from 6am.