Moises Caicedo owes Brighton nothing and is right to pursue a move to Arsenal, claims former Crystal Palace midfielder Darren Ambrose. Brighton have so far blocked Caicedo's exit from the club ahead of Tuesday's transfer deadline. Arsenal are prioritising the signing of a midfielder. Mikel Arteta could be without Mohamed Elneny for much of the remainder of the season due to a knee injury. Caicedo is the top target for the Premier League leaders. Arsenal's first offer of £60million was rejected on Friday and their latest offer of £70m has also been turned down. Caicedo released a statement on social media over the weekend asking Brighton to let him leave. The 21-year-old has faced criticism for his approach but Ambrose does not blame him for pursuing the opportunity to move to Arsenal midway through a season. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  He said on talkSPORT: "These opportunities don't come around all the time. To go to Arsenal, he's competing for the Premier League title. "A lot of people say 'you owe Brighton' or 'you owe this team and that team' - players don't owe football clubs, the same as football clubs don't owe players. [Yves] Bissouma was playing, if Bissouma was still there and didn't go to Spurs, Caicedo may not even be in the team. "What I'm saying is certain situations could happen. I wouldn't wish any bad stuff or injuries on people, but you never know." Ambrose does not think either Brighton or Caicedo have handled the situation poorly. But he believes there is no winner if Brighton continue to remain so firm in their stance that he is not for sale. DON'T MISSMan Utd have already made Mejbri decision as Eriksen suffers injuryBarcelona ‘have discussed Joao Felix transfer’ despite Chelsea loanMan Utd superfan Ratcliffe ‘has more money than sense’ as Glazers ripped apart  Ambrose added: "Brighton haven't [handled it badly] and I don't think anyone has. I don't think Caicedo has to a certain degree. "The boy wants to leave, he wants to leave Brighton. We can say it's his agent or not, his agent hasn't written that and then Caicedo doesn't know what's gone on and they've said go home. "The boy wants to leave Brighton. There's no winner in this situation." Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi was asked about Caicedo's future before and after Sunday's FA Cup fourth-round win over Liverpool. In his post-match press conference, he admitted his team was ready if Caicedo were to leave. De Zerbi said: "I would like him to finish the season with us but we are ready to go forward without him."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here