Neymar has been put up for sale by Paris Saint-Germain again, according to reports in Spain. The Brazil international has been in outstanding form so far this season, scoring 11 goals and clocking up 10 assists from 15 Ligue 1 outings. With the French titans hoping to tie Lionel Messi down to a new contact, however, it seems the Argentina international’s close friend is now surplus to requirements at the Parc des Princes. Neymar has long been a key player for PSG ever since touching down from Barcelona back in the summer transfer window of 2017. However, he’s often struggled to be the main man in Paris - with both Kylian Mbappe and Messi stealing the spotlight for themselves. Back in the summer, shortly after Mbappe signed a new deal with the reigning French champions, it emerged PSG were hoping to jettison Neymar. And now, according to Sport, the 30-year-old has been put on the market with the Ligue 1 giants hoping to get him off their books. With PSG planning to keep hold of Messi, who recently won the World Cup in Qatar with Argentina, offloading Neymar is seen as a logical way of raising funds. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Neymar will be turning 31 in February and, within the corridors of the Parc des Princes, they believe now represents their best chance of getting him off their wage bill. Neymar does earn a dizzying figure at the club, with the Samba star earning close to £35million a year after signing a new contract last year. The report adds that Newcastle, back in the summer, studied ways to bring the Brazil international to St James’ Park. So with PSG willing to offload their No 10, and Eddie Howe’s side on course to qualify for the Champions League, the stars could be about to align. They’re also expecting other Premier League teams to express interest and, though no names are mentioned, the usual suspects will likely be in the coming weeks and months ahead. Manchester United want a new forward to replace Cristiano Ronaldo and have long admired Neymar, who was previously a fantasy target for Ed Woodward. They want an established No 9, however, and Neymar would merely add to the wingers Erik ten Hag already possesses at Old Trafford. Pep Guardiola is another who has rated Neymar in the past, though it’s unclear if Manchester City will risk bringing another superstar to the Etihad Stadium. And with Chelsea spending money left, right and centre, it’s not unfeasible the Blues will join the running for the PSG star. Meanwhile, Neymar recently received a red card after diving during PSG’s 2-1 win over Strasbourg. Yet he was defended by manager Christophe Galtier, who insisted he didn’t deserve his first yellow card on the night. "I expected a difficult match. Strasbourg was able to prepare. There was a lot of impact,” he said. “They are a team that plays well but gives off a lot of strength and power. “I regret that sometimes the excess commitment was not sanctioned more severely on my players, which generated a little frustration for Neymar. "I can understand the simulation, I have reviewed the images and there is simulation. It deserves a yellow card. “But I find that his first yellow is still very severe compared to the number of fouls suffered by Neymar, and not small fouls." At present, there seems little chance of Neymar moving to Newcastle in January - with an exit poised to take place come the summer instead. Toon boss Eddie Howe was quizzed on the prospect of his side making signings this winter after overseeing a goalless draw against Arsenal. And while he admitted nothing was close to happening, he did suggest they’d be on red alert. "We want to compete in every game, we don't want to turn up to grounds like this and not give our best,” he said. “We competed to win and we didn't manage to do that but we certainly gave them a good game. "We'll try and make the right decision for the team, there's no one imminently coming in but we will keep assessing."