Britney Spears, 41, deactivated her Instagram profile just days after getting a new tattoo, which fans theorised was a tribute to her ex-boyfriend, Justin Timberlake. Fans of the Toxic hitmaker were also left concerned after she "changed her name” to Brooklyn last month. In December Britney seemingly informed fans about the purported name change while posing naked in a shower video. The mum-of-two reshared an intimate clip showing her enjoying a shower while posing seductively, leaving some fans confused. Britney accompanied the racy post with a cryptic caption suggesting she had “changed her name” to Brooklyn. In the clip, the singer looked at the camera while cupping her cleavage with her hands. READ MORE: BBC Breakfast's Nina Warhurst on 'very anxious few months' for family The pop star captioned the post, which was shared overnight: “Changed my name to Brooklyn !!!” Britney added two cheeky emojis to her caption, but didn’t provide any further explanation behind her name change declaration. More recently, the singer has also cryptically changed her Instagram name to River Red and posted a picture of Mars while addressing the name change in the caption. She wrote: “A bright one, easy does it! Thank you, childhood friend, I found my ball, don’t underestimate the power of purity! “I see right through it all. It has liquid and is wet, it’s playful and has mass! “I changed my name to River Red! Yet the fire is where it illuminates, to stare at it and jump right in with no fear at all! “S**t. Now I have to find my FORK!” Last week, Britney hit out at fan theories as she was forced to explain the reason behind her latest tattoo. READ MORE...Escape to the Chateau's Dick and Angel break silence on show return [UPDATE]Lisa Marie Presley's daughter Riley shares heartbreaking final photo [LATEST]Carol Vorderman smoulders in slow-mo video as she highlights curves [NEWS] Online users had been speculating whether the inking was a tribute to her relationship with former NSYNC member Justin Timberlake. Britney initially caused a stir by posting snaps to Instagram, showing her getting a tattoo in her hotel room while holidaying in Hawaii. She said on her Instagram story: “I simply did it because I wanted to! “The pic with my ex is a time where there was less confusion on what it meant to be together. “It is what it is!" Britney concluded. Britney married husband Sam Asghari in an intimate wedding ceremony held at their LA mansion in June last year. The highly-anticipated event was attended by only 60 of the couple’s closest friends. Some famous faces included Madonna, Paris Hilton and Donatella Versace, who designed the bride’s wedding gown.