I have used it for decades and the sole reason I am registered with an NHS doctor is that it was the only way I could get the Covid vaccine. In theory private sector patients could be fed into the NHS vaccination centres but in practice we could not, as I found out. When I was Shadow Health Secretary I made no secret of my using the private sector for both myself and my elderly mother. I regard it as a matter of principle that those of us who can afford to pay something should and I have never taken advantage of age-related free prescriptions or free sight tests. The reason is simple enough: the NHS has been overwhelmed for many years and any GP consultation, hospital procedure, prescription or routine test that is done outside it relieves the pressure. I do not mind that I pay twice (taxes plus health insurance) any more than any sensible person would object to paying taxes to fund the education of other people’s children. It is in the interests of the country to do so. Anyway, if I ever need emergency treatment then inevitably it will be the NHS which responds to the stroke or heart attack. The NHS regularly eases its own queues by buying beds from the private sector so if the government can do that, why not the individual? Creating a Berlin wall between the two sectors is nonsensical and claiming moral superiority for not paying one's way is the stuff of Alice In Wonderland. So Rishi should have been a lot more robust. He should have pointed out that to take a place in the NHS queues would lengthen another’s waiting time, that taking an NHS prescription is ludicrous for a multi-millionaire, that just because something is free is not a good enough reason to take it if others need it more. Get a bit of courage, Rishi! Sometimes I think that nobody should be allowed to comment on anything without first passing a comprehension test. Tory MP Andrew Bridgen had the whip removed for agreeing that the Covid vaccine roll-out was “the biggest crime against humanity since the Holocaust”. He was accused of comparing the vaccines to the Holocaust and of being anti-Semitic. False! He did not say the vaccines were as bad as the Holocaust but that in all the years since that unspeakable atrocity there had been no crime against humanity as great as the vaccine roll-out. I profoundly disagree with him, considering the various genocides, wars and terrorism which have happened since 1945, but he did not compare it with the Holocaust. As for anti-Semitism, Mr Bridgen did not deny the Holocaust and indeed called it a crime against humanity, so what is anti-Semitic about that? We should argue with what he said, not insult him for what he didn’t say. What a lot of silly fuss about Unilever’s absurd claim that Lux soap inspires women to rise above sexism and “express their beauty and femininity unapologetically”! Of course, it is daft but this is a marketing outfit, for goodness’ sake, and many advertisements are daft. I worked for Unilever in marketing in the 1970s. We launched a new brand called Protect – the first all-over deodorant soap. Why? Do the bugs on your elbows smell? Every soap powder claimed to wash whiter, which was a logical impossibility. And so it went on. Ironically, I used Lux until I worked there but gave it up upon being taught that highly scented soaps could cause irritation in sensitive areas. The adverts of course don’t tell people that. If anyone thinks women are the persecuted sex, I recommend reading The War On Dads And Children by Vincent McGovern, the true story of one man’s struggle to maintain access to his children, after nine years as a house husband, when the relationship with his wife went wrong. Social Services, the family courts and government ministers regularly failed him but he battled on where many would have given up, and by doing so has brought hope to others. Rishi Sunak is about to appoint an anti-woke tsar and is also reported to be about to crack down on the exclusion of traditionalists from Church of England bishoprics. Those are both steps in the right direction. Now he should go further and insist that anyone holding public office or employed by the Crown sign a binding declaration to uphold free speech. I have lost count of the number of church roofs which I have supported by fundraising, but never again. If the Church of England can afford £100million in reparations for its long-ago association with slavery then it does not need my humble assistance with repairing its roofs, its bell towers or its organs.