The Masked Singer returned for week three on Saturday, January 21, on ITV with the first lot of characters back for another performance each. Among them was fan-favourite Pigeon, this time, taking on Yeah by Usher. Both the judges and the audience at home started to second guess her real identity after Pigeon gave an indication of who could be behind the mask. WARNING: This article contains spoilers from The Masked Singer.The Masked Singer saw Pigeon, Fawn, Rubbish and Jacket Potato once again take to the stage to give the performances of their lives. In Week One, Pigeon gave a sassy rendition of TLC's No Scrubs and once again got the live audience on their feet with Yeah by Usher. Due to her thick Essex accent, many originally believed it could be former TOWIE star Gemma Collins under the elaborate costume. But in the latest episode singer Rita Ora suggested the accent was being "put on" and talk show host Jonathan Ross said: "That can't be real." READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update Week Two led viewers down a different theory as there was a clue which could link with actress and TV personality Linda Robson. The 64-year-old is best known for portraying Tracey Stubbs in the comedy Birds of a Feather. Talking in the clue package, Pigeon teased: "Don't be shy - you know that I do love a natter! In fact, that's got to be one of my top ten favourite things to do. "As a chick, I got used to giving speeches so I'm comfortable with public speaking and I'm happy to speak about everything. "I'm especially happy to speak up about things I believe in. Us birds, we've got to stick together, after all, we're all birds of a feather." The point about her loving a "natter" could also tie in with her role as a Loose Women panellist which she has appeared on since 2012. Viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts that Robson could be behind Pigeon after all. Kellie tweeted: "But with the Birds of Feather, I could see Linda Robson doing the show." A TV Friend seconded: "Surely not Linda Robson birds of a feather clue." While EastEnders.insta wrote: "Tell me it’s Linda Robson without telling me it’s Linda Robson." DON'T MISS...BBC fans 'switch off' Michael McIntyre as fans fume over licence fee [REACTION]Rita Ora's appearance on The Masked Singer leaves viewers distracted [EXPLAINER]Davina McCall's appearance distracts The Masked Singer viewers [CAST] An alternative guess from fans has been the actress and comedian Emily Atack. Some have listed the reasons, including the fact she's "good at impressions" with a viewer stating: "If you've ever watched the Emily Atack show, Pigeon sounds exactly like her impersonation of Gemma Collins." Rita has also previously predicted it could be Love Island presenter Maya Jama. But among the most popular theories is actress and comedian Catherine Tate. Firstly, Pigeon is dressed up in grandma-like clothes, which may be a nod to Tate's character Nan. She then gave the riddle: “I’m an old pigeon mama and I’ve such a warm heart, let me share some of my wisdom, life imitates art.” "Imitates" contains the word "Tate", not only the star's surname but the name of the London art gallery. The Masked Singer continues every Saturday at 7pm on ITV.