Whether discriminating against people when it comes to getting jobs, threatening free speech or rewriting history, the political correctness that has been taking over many aspects of our life is no laughing matter – and if anything, it is getting worse. The latest madness, which I find scarcely believable, is the Lewisham school that has changed its name from that of one of our country’s most distinguished historical figures to a pair of trees – Sir Francis Drake Primary School has become Twin Oaks Primary School. The great first Englishman to circumnavigate the globe and who defended our country from the Spanish Armada is being airbrushed from history – in a way that would have made Stalin proud – because back in the 16th century he was involved in the slave trade. If these numbskulls at the school are typical of the educational sector – and I fear they are – then God help us all. Why on earth does anyone, let alone supposedly intelligent people, think you can judge figures from 500 years ago on our values and standards today? To seek to tarnish the reputation of our finest people in this way is beneath contempt.  I have two messages for the woke warriors behind this mad decision. First of all, Sir Francis Drake did more for this country than they ever will. The other thing is that I guarantee that in 500 years time people will look back at the politically correct brigade today and find things they did and said to be totally unacceptable. Should that sully their reputation? Does that mean that anything they achieve should be overlooked? Perhaps the Twin Oaks gang should apologise for what they are saying and doing now which people will find unacceptable in hundreds of years. This is madness on stilts and the silent majority have got to start speaking up before this nonsense destroys our country for good.  Kate Garraway clashed with Emily Thornbury this week about using the private sector to get down the NHS backlogs, and for once – I can hardly believe I am saying this – I agreed with Emily Thornbury. Why wouldn’t you use the private sector to help the NHS get its waiting lists down? Surely what matters about the service is that healthcare is free at the point of need. We need to put the public first and help get those waiting lists down – not be blinded by damaging ideology. The Government is currently working up radical proposals to get those over-50s who stopped working during lockdown, back into work. Their big idea is apparently to exempt them from income tax for six months. While I’m all for lower taxes, this barmy idea rewards those who dropped out of the workforce, while those who remained in employment, working side by side with them, won’t get this generous tax relief. How on earth can that be fair? It’s ideas like this that need to be unemployed. 