Prince Harry's memoir Spare was the subject of debate on Tuesday's instalment of This Morning following its release. The Duke of Sussex's allegations about the Royal Family as well as his decision to share personal anecdotes about his sex life and former drug use have divided ITV viewers. However, This Morning host Holly Willoughby jumped to Harry's defence as she reminded viewers his father criticised his parents in his 1990s biography. Holly explained: "I am only saying this for fairness really, but in 1994 King Charles worked with Jonathan Dimbleby on his own biography. "And when you look at some of the things there - the Queen was depicted as distant and unaffectionate while the Duke [of Edinburgh] was domineering and mocking. "Is there that much difference really? It is still airing personal grievances." Author Jonathan accused Queen Elizabeth of being physically and emotionally distant towards Charles. READ MORE: GB News sparks uproar as Angela Levin claims Prince Harry is 'ill'  A damning verdict on the late Duke of Edinburgh, Prince Philip, is also included in Jonathan's book. Prince Philip is described as "harsh", "hectoring" and deeply irked by his son Charles' "solemn and over-sensitive nature". It was reported at the time by The Independent, Charles "blames his father for sending him to Gordonstoun, the Scottish public school, where he was beaten up, bullied and abused". It also highlighted how Philip's childhood was "as sad and lonely as that of his son."    Holly's comments come in the wake of Harry's memoir being published on Tuesday morning. Within the book, Harry claims his father was jealous of his wife Meghan Markle and sister-in-law Kate Middleton. Harry penned: “Pa might have dreaded the rising cost of maintaining us, but what he really couldn’t stomach was someone new dominating the monarchy, grabbing the limelight, someone shiny and new coming in and overshadowing him.” However, Harry said in an interview on ITV ahead of the release of his memoir he has never intended to hurt his family.  DON'T MISS...Prince Harry’s pal says he had to ‘take the hit’ over Charles' mistake [LATEST]POLL – Has Prince Harry gone too far in his attacks on Camilla? [POLL]Man queued at midnight to grab first copy of Prince Harry's Spare [UPDATE] He told ITV's Tom Bradby: "I love my father. I love my brother. I love my family. I always do. "Nothing of what I've done in this book or otherwise has ever been any intention to harm them or hurt them." Harry became defensive when Tom turned his attention to King Charles' second wife Queen Consort Camilla. The journalist said: “I want to sort of just briefly talk about your stepmother and the press because you are pretty consistently scathing and suggest that you are." The Prince chimed in: “Scathing? What, scathing towards…?”  Tom continued: “As in you say that, ‘Your interests were sacrificed on her PR altar,' to quote, and you seem to be specifically referencing that." Harry also explained Camilla was described as a "villain" by the public and needed her image rebranded. Buckingham Palace has not responded to any of Harry's allegations. This Morning airs on weekdays from 10am on ITV.