Tottenham boss Antonio Conte could be set to ring the changes against Manchester City as he seeks to correct the club’s disappointing defeat to Arsenal last weekend. Spurs are currently in the midst of a poor run of form with just three wins in their last Premier League games and the task could not get much tougher than a trip to the Etihad to play Pep Guardiola’s side. Conte is likely to utilise more of his squad in Manchester with the Lilywhites facing three fixtures in the space of eight days. Here Express Sport details how Tottenham could line up with three changes expected. Goalkeeper: Hugo Lloris The club captain came under intense scrutiny for his performance against Arsenal after he was badly at fault for the opening goal. His distribution throughout the encounter was also questionable with the Gunners doubling the scoreline following one of his goal kicks. However, the Frenchman is still a considerable upgrade on No 2 Fraser Forster and is a near certainty to keep his place at the Eithad. It is increasingly clear that the position is one that the club should be looking to improve in the next six months. Spurs looked defensively suspect at times against Arsenal and it is one of the positions where Conte could make changes. Romero should be sure of his place despite failing to perform to his usual standards after winning the World Cup. He remains the best centre-back at the club and will be one of the men tasked with keeping Erling Haaland quiet. Eric Dier is likely to join him as a favourite of Conte but it is on the left-hand-side where the switch could come. Ben Davies replaced Clement Lenglet on Sunday and may find himself in from the off today. Wing-backs: Matt Doherty, Ivan Perisic With Emerson Royal low on confidence and Djed Spence appearing well out of the first-team picture, Matt Doherty can expect to start. The Irishman has not been on top form this season but should still start in Manchester. Ryan Sessegnon struggled during the north London derby and his position in the team is likely to come under scrutiny as a result. The Lilywhites improved following the introduction of Ivan Perisic and the veteran Croatian may be in from the off against the Citizens. Midfield: Pierre-Emilie Hojbjerg, Yves Bissouma Pape Sarr has looked good after being introduced to the starting line up but given City’s riches in central midfield, it may be a game for experienced heads. Hojbjerg will certainly start given the energy he provides while Yves Bissouma may be his partner. Ideally, Conte would call on the services of Rodrigo Bentancur but the Uruguayan has only just returned to training after picking up an injury during the World Cup and is more likely to start on the bench at the Eithad. DON'T MISSArsenal allowing player to leave hints at first January signing for ArtetaMan Utd boss Ten Hag confirms fresh injury blow and Weghorst debut planMudryk could sting Arsenal twice as Edu set to pay price for transfer failure Forwards: Son Heung-min, Harry Kane, Dejan Kulusevski When the trio are fit Spurs frontline largely picks itself and the same is likely to be true today. The three players are Tottenham’s best chance of getting something from the game and the pressure will be on them to perform. However, with Son off-form and Kulusevski only recently returned from injury it would not be a surprise if Richarlison came into the line-up in order to offer some fresh impetus. The Brazilian will certainly be one to watch even if he starts on the bench.