Prince William is not going to "forgive and forget" Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's repeated attacks on Kate, the Princess of Wales, journalist Dan Wootton claimed. Mr Wootton claimed the Duke of Sussex effectively crossed his brother's "red line" when the couple took aim at his wife in their repeated forays into sharing "their truth." The Prince and Princess of Wales have not reacted to the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's allegations against them and the Royal Family so far, maintaining their composure and smiling during a joint outing together this week. Mr Wootton told US broadcaster Megyn Kelly the Prince of Wales reportedly found Harry and Meghan's attacks "utterly despicable", suggesting William would find it difficult to reconcile with his younger brother. He said: "William ain't going to forgive and forget. His red line, by the way, was not the personal attacks on him, it was the attacks on Kate, his wife. "He found that completely despicable when Meghan went on international television and claimed that Kate had made her cry. "We've then seen more attacks on Kate in the Netflix documentary. But this book...William is presented as the villain of the piece. Harry has to know there are now permanent ramifications for his relationship with William." JUST IN: Harry demands Royal Family 'apologise' to Meghan and 'come clean after being caught out' Mr Wootton added: "William is going to be king one day and Harry has now tried to present him to the world, he says for historical purposes, as a violent, angry, insensitive bully. "If you speak to people who are friends with William, that is not how they characterise the guy. I would say Harry drove him to frustration time and again." During the interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021, the Duchess of Sussex addressed speculation about her making Kate cry in the run-up to her wedding to Prince Harry. She claimed to have been the one reduced to tears by the exchange but said the Princess of Wales had later apologised to her and "I've forgiven her." In his book Spare, the Duke of Sussex reiterated Kate apologised to Meghan for the spat, writing: "Kate got things rolling straightaway by acknowledging that these stories in the papers about Meg making her cry were totally false. READ MORE: Prince Harry left ‘breathless’ amid secret sexcapade with Meghan at Soho House in 2016 But in another part of his memoir, the Duke of Sussex revealed Meghan had upset the Princess of Wales after suggesting he had "baby brain" during a conversation on the timings of the Sussexes' wedding day rehearsal. He claimed the Princess of Wales insisted "we are not close enough for you to talk about my hormones" as she demanded an apology from his future wife. Kate gave birth to her youngest son, Prince Louis, 27 days before Prince Harry and Meghan Markle married in May 2021. The Duke of Sussex detailed how Meghan had appeared perplexed at Kate taking offence at her comment, noting she had spoken to her as she would with her friends. He wrote: "Meg’s eyes got wide too. She looked genuinely confused. ‘I’m sorry I talked about your hormones. That’s just how I talk with my girlfriends."   She said: "It's so funny if I look back at it now, because now I know so much, and I'm so glad I didn't then because I could just authentically be myself without so much preparedness." "Even when Will and Kate came over, and I had met her for the first time... They came for dinner, I remember I was in ripped jeans and I was barefoot. "I was a hugger, always been a hugger. I didn't realize that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits."  She said: "It's so funny if I look back at it now, because now I know so much, and I'm so glad I didn't then because I could just authentically be myself without so much preparedness." "Even when Will and Kate came over, and I had met her for the first time... They came for dinner, I remember I was in ripped jeans and I was barefoot. "I was a hugger, always been a hugger. I didn't realize that that is really jarring for a lot of Brits." But a friend of the Princess of Wales later refuted the claim, insisting "she is warm and friendly and greets everyone with a big hug and kiss. It comes naturally to her to be like that." Photos have since emerged showing Kate sharing a hug with members of the public whilst on official outings dating back to the early days of her becoming a member of the Royal Family.