Piers Morgan has said Prince Harry and Meghan Markle should "plunge to their knees" and "apologise" to their families in a furious rant. Opening his TalkTV show on Monday night, Piers criticised the Sussexes for their recent criticism of the Royal Family. He said of Harry: "This treacherous little toad has forgotten that he is supposed to turn into a prince after being kissed by a spoiled princess, not the other way around. "Before we even think about whether Harry and Meghan should be allowed anywhere near the coronation, and for me, they absolutely should not be considered for an invitation, one thing would need to happen. "They'd have to go on national television...plunge to their knees and issue a global apology to their families on both sides who they so mercilessly trashed." Piers' comments come after the Duke of Sussex gave an exclusive interview to the Telegraph in which he said he wanted the royals to apologise to his wife. He said: "Now you could argue that some of the stuff I’ve put in there, well, they will never forgive me anyway. "But the way I see it is, I’m willing to forgive you for everything you’ve done, and I wish you’d actually sat down with me, properly, and instead of saying I’m delusional and paranoid, actually sit down and have a proper conversation about this, because what I’d really like is some accountability. And an apology to my wife.” Piers also questioned whether Harry should have accepted Jeremy Clarkson's apology to the Sussexes after a column he wrote about Meghan last month. The star of the Grand Tour posted on Instagram today saying he is sorry for the remarks he made about Meghan, which many people found offensive. In his column for The Sun, Clarkson wrote he was "dreaming of the day when she is made to parade naked through the streets of every town in Britain while crowds chant, 'Shame!' and throw lumps of excrement at her". Mr Clarkson said he was "mortified" when he realised his mistake and added: "Very close friends were furious. Even my own daughter took to Instagram to denounce me." But a spokesperson for the Sussexes said the couple rejected his latest apology. A statement said: "On December 25, 2022, Mr Clarkson wrote solely to Prince Harry, The Duke of Sussex. The contents of his correspondence were marked private and confidential. "While a new public apology has been issued today by Mr Clarkson, what remains to be addressed is his long-standing pattern of writing articles that spread hate rhetoric, dangerous conspiracy theories and misogyny. "Unless each of his other pieces were also written 'in a hurry', as he states, it is clear that this is not an isolated incident shared in haste, but rather a series of articles shared in hate."