As the cost of living bites, many Britons have been looking for ways to make extra money to supplement their dwindling disposable income. Starting a side hustle online doesn’t have to cost much and the returns can be exceptionally lucrative. Sergey Kornilov, owner of software company Xlinesoft, said: “The whole point of a side hustle is to add more to your monthly earnings without taking up all your time. However, if you can make a side hustle successful, you can turn it into a full-time business and replace your regular job and earn more money.” One person who was able to capitalise on a side hustle and turn over six figures doing so is Ricky Davies, a marketing consultant from weeare.co.uk. Mr Davies was a new graduate at the time of launching his side hustle - which has now become his full-time job. After a few months of working for someone else, the long commute and working after hours to get projects completed on time "had gotten" to him. He decided he had learned enough to go out on his own and began freelancing and within two months, he quit his job to carry on the venture full-time.  READ MORE: Pensioners in their 80s share their fantastic money saving tip  Mr Davies said it took around 13 months to get back to his original salary point and from there, he built up his freelance role to be a small boutique agency. The company is now six years old and runs a six-figure turnover. Mr Davies told Express.co.uk: "Digital marketing skills are in high demand right now so even if you are just starting out you can still add to your monthly earnings quickly. For me, I started getting clients on a freelancing website while I still had another job, and after a while, I was able to leave my job and focus on my side hustle full time." He continued: "Online marketplaces can be brutal and at the start and I would have to take on jobs that I didn't really want to do, I would sometimes work a few days for less than £100. “This isn't ideal, but it allowed me to connect with other businesses, refine my skills and get that valuable feedback that you need so others can see you are trustworthy. When you have positive reviews from others, freelancing becomes easier and you can grow your side hustle.  DON'T MISS: Side hustle you may not have thought of - earn £5,000 extra a year [EXPLAINED]Over a fifth of young people have never discussed money at home [ANALYSIS]Friends turn passion for gin into £1million business - ‘life-changing' [INSIGHT]    “My tip to others looking to do the same would be to do smaller jobs online so you can get feedback quicker." To start a side hustle, Mr Kornilov said people will need to have something they can sell to someone. He explained: “There are many different ways of making money but one of the simplest is to provide a service to someone who needs it. With digital marketing being one of the most in-demand services out there, there has never been a better time to sell a service online.” In-demand services to learn for £15 or less Mr Kornilov said: “If you don't have a skill, you can learn one quickly thanks to places like Youtube or online learning platforms, such as Udemy, where you can pay for a course and have enough information to be able to perform a service within a few days.”  Mr Kornilov said the services in high demand right now that cost "£15 or less" to learn to include: READ MORE: You could earn up to £42 in just one hour with 10 side hustles   Mr Kornilov said: "While it will take you years to be an expert in the fields above, don't let that put you off. There will be clients out there who can't afford an expert-level experience and are more than willing to take a risk on someone who knows a little more than they do. "Youtube and online learning platforms have enough content for someone to learn the basics to be able to sell to another business. Consume as much information as possible and practice on the side, when you are comfortable you can then sell your services." Tools needed to make money online Unlike traditional businesses, starting a side hustle online doesn't have to be pricey. People can set up social media profiles for free and can use online payment processing services, such as Stripe or Paypal, that only charge when a payment is taken. Mr Kornilov said: "A website and logo are always nice to have, but if you are starting off and money is tight then you don't need them. Set up a social media profile on a network your potential clients use and start talking to them and pitching your services. "For example, if you were selling blog writing as a service you could look for all the local businesses in your area and follow them on social media. You can then message them with your offer. If you add 50 businesses a day and message them, you will land clients for your side hustle within a month. If you don't know where to start, try Linkedin and Twitter." How to find clients Starting out in any business is tough, but perseverance is key. Mr Kornilov said: “While messaging businesses on social media works, you should also sign up for freelance websites.” He suggested places like Upwork.com, which enables people to list jobs for freelancers to apply for. Freelancers can also search for jobs based on their skills there, too.  Mr Kornilov said: "Online freelance platforms can be competitive and most think that charging the cheapest is the best way to get clients. This isn't true as customers online still want quality.” However, he noted: "When you use a freelancing platform you have to set an hourly rate, don't set this too low as others will assume you don't provide a good service. Don't set this too high either as you are new to the platform.” He suggested a good starting point to charge customers to be around £20 to £25 per hour. Mr Kornilov said: "My biggest tip that I can give to anyone wanting to better their lives through a side hustle is to not give up. Your first, second or sixth idea may not work but keep going, all it takes is for one of them to workout out and it will change your life. "By learning a new skill and getting in front of potential customers you can easily add over £1,000 to your earnings within a month.” 