Stacey Solomon, 33, shocked fans last month when she confirmed that she is expecting her fifth child with her husband Joe Swash, 40. The Loose Women star surprised everyone even more when she confirmed that she is already eight months along and will be welcoming her new baby in the coming weeks. Her youngest child, Rose Opal, is only one year old and still requires lots of attention, while her older siblings are all young children under the age of 15. But with so much going on, Stacey can’t help but feel “waves of fear” when she thinks about the logistics of having so many young children in the house, according to reports. The insider told Closer: “There’s no question that Stacey is excited about adding to her family yet again, but she’s also having waves of fear when she thinks about how it’s all going to work out logistically. “Rose is only one and still needs a lot of care and attention, the boys are running about the place, so she knows it’s going to be pure chaos. “There are times when she wonders how she’s going to make it work.” The source added: “She knows you always end up finding a way eventually, but sometimes feels she’s not strong enough.” Express.co.uk has contacted Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash's representatives for comment. Stacey announced her pregnancy in an Instagram post that was soon inundated with congratulatory messages from famous friends and fans. She shared a behind the scenes clip of when she told her husband Joe she is expecting their third child. Stacey already has son Rex, three, and daughter Rose, one, with Joe, who himself has a teenage son called Harry from a previous relationship. Zachary, 14, is the Loose Women's star's first son from her relationship with Dean Cox, and she had him when she was 17 but they had split by the time the baby was born. She also has Leighton, 10, whose dad is Aaron Barham, who she split from in 2014, but the youngster is known to use her name. DON'T MISS...Gwyneth Paltrow admits she no longer wears makeup [LATEST]Ricky Gervais’ most brutal and epic Golden Globes insults [AWARDS]Britney Spears blasts claims she was at party with Paris Hilton [INSTAGRAM] The happy news makes the fast-growing Solomon-Swashes even bigger, with seven members in the family.   In the video the Loose Women panellist was behind the camera holding up a positive pregnancy test in her hand while in the bathroom of her Pickle Cottage. She could be heard calling her other half Joe before he appeared on camera. With a wide grin, Joe gushed: "You're joking" before he knelt down to embrace his wife. He added: "This is the best news bubba." Reacting to the post, Vicky Pattinson commented: "I'm sobbing. Congratulations guys,” while Anna Williamson penned: "Congratulations you two." Stacey Dooley simply shared a series of heart emojis.