Model Zara and ring girl Olivia are not getting along very well in their South African Love Island villa. They have failed to see eye to eye since a game of beer pong descended into chaos and caused tensions on Monday's episode of the ITV2 show. The pair clashed again while playing never have I ever, and fans have suggested their feud dates back a long time.  A row escalated when Olivia told Zara her conversation with her partner Tom Clare was "private". "Private"? Zara fumed. "Well, I like to be open here so can I ask you what it was about?" Zara didn't back down, telling Olivia the private conversation was a "concern" to her as she's coupled up with Tom and could see a "future" with the semi-professional footballer. Olivia asked: “Are you married?” before Zara replied. “I’m here to find someone and I see a future with him.” READ MORE: Coronation Street's Stephen exposed as fans 'work out' Teddy is alive Love Island fans were left convinced something happened between the women before entering the villa as it has been revealed the two knew each other ahead of the show airing. Habibakatsha shared: "Sorry we need to know how Olivia and Zara knew each other before being in the villa because this beef is not making any sense #loveisland." Yara said: "Olivia and Zara are beefing in the villa with the underlying fact that they know each other on the outside #LoveIsland." Ruby Naldrett shared a picture of Zara from her Instagram page taken 139 weeks ago.  Olivia's account commented on the snap saying "fave photo of you" 138 weeks ago to which Zara replied saying "my babes". Ruby said: "Why are Zara and Olivia pretending they don’t know each other? This might explain why Olivia seemed overly offended at Zara calling her two-faced." However, Nadiya suggested: "I don't think they are pretending. I'm sure they've made it aware they know each other. But it's the way ITV are showing what they want to show." ITV has been contacted for comment on the matter by Express.co.uk. DON'T MISS...Love Island's Olivia defended by I'm A Celeb star amid Haris exit [UPDATE]Love Island's Haris 'dumped' from the villa after street fight video [LATEST]Maya Jama insists 'I was happier than I look' in racy Love Island pics [PICTURES] Body language expert Judi James is certain Zara is "focused on scoring points over Olivia". Speaking to Paddy Power Bingo about the girls' feud, Judy claimed: "Zara’s body language looks overly dramatic, suggesting she’s into stealing scenes more than she is stealing men and more focused on scoring points over Olivia than getting romantic with Tom." She added: "Olivia wanted revenge for the ‘two-faced’ comment, throwing in the ‘fake’ bomb but Zara was crushed when Olivia tried to suggest Tom had told her he liked her best." Judi also claimed Zara did not seem that interested in Tom on Love Island.  "Tom had his hand on her bum and leant his head against hers to suggest he expected total reciprocation," the expert said. "The corners of her mouth drooped as he did so though and she performed two loud sighs that hinted at boredom more than pleasure. "After he did every signal in the book to show he expected a kiss she suddenly grabbed his face and went in for it herself." Love Island continues tonight on ITV2 and ITVX at 9pm. 