Homes and businesses are swamped as rivers across the UK have flooded following heavy rainfall. Yellow weather warnings remain in place for rain until 5pm today across much of South West England and Wales, and Herefordshire and Shropshire. Areas on higher ground may get 70-90 mm or more of rain, and downpours could cause power cuts and chaos on the roads.  But some areas, including Cardiff, York and Worcestershire have already experienced flooding. Dramatic photographs taken across the UK show spots alongside rivers submerged in water today. In York, the River Ouse burst its banks, submerging roads and properties. It was subject to a flood warning, which read: "Flooding is expected in this area. This means properties are at risk of flooding. Please take action to protect yourself and your property and monitor local weather and river conditions. "Avoid contact with, walking or driving through flood water. Consider activating any property flood protection products you may have. The Environment Agency Flood Warning System has issued this message based on rising river or tidal levels. We are temporarily automating our messages due to industrial action." Photographs published by Yorkshire Live show roads in the city submerged. It's said the water level of the Ouse had reached 3.67m by 12.15pm in the heart of the city.    And meanwhile, in Cardiff, the River Taff in Cardiff overflowed after "relentless" rain overnight. Pontcanna Fields, a park in the city, was also pictured underwater, while a tree in nearby Llandaff Fields fell, blocking a walking and cycling path at the lower end of the fields. There were half an hour delays into the city this morning as drivers contended with the weather on the A470, reports Wales Online. There are now 20 flood alerts in places across the whole of Wales today. A further 50 are in place for England.   Sue Charles, a BBC weather presenter, tweeted: "The radar shows the rain has been relentless across Wales overnight. Flooding is causing disruption this morning. "Roads and bridges closed, trees down and dozens of flood warnings and alerts in place." In a further tweet, she said: "Yesterday (Wednesday) was also Cardiff’s third wettest January day on record, with 41.2mm of rain falling in 24 hours."  Ground around the River Severn, the UK's longest river, became saturated in Callow End, Worcestershire. Pictures taken in the village, near the Malvern Hills, show vehicles struggling along roads, which are submerged in water. Properties are largely unaffected there. But, with further significant rain expected on Friday night, forecasters warn severe flooding could still be expected on the weekend. Some communities may also be "cut off by flooded roads," Met Office said. Met Office meteorologist Aidan McGivern said: "With all that wet weather coming in, there are concerns, particularly for those areas that have already seen so much rain across western England and Wales. "The wettest weather is likely to see 60-80 mm falling across the Brecon Beacons and Exmoor." 