The Royal Family have "pulled a blinder" by not publicly responding to the recent bombshell claims from Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, with an expert destroying the Sussex's "ill-conceived game plan". Harry and Meghan have launched a number of accusations against the the Firm during their much-publicised six-part documentary series on Netflix. The Duke of Sussex fired more damaging claims against his own family in his memoir, Spare, taking particular aim at Prince William Kate Middleton and Camilla, Queen Consort. More than a week after Harry's book was released, both Buckingham Palace and Kensington Palace have yet to make any comment on the claimes made by the prince. Edward Coram-James, a PR, reputation and crisis management expert and CEO of Go Up, claimed this shows the Royal Family had a strong "game plan" in place and were prepared for any such accusations, while blasting Harry and Meghan's strategy as "ill-conceived". He told Express.co.uk: "What should the Royal Family do in response to these claims? In a word: nothing. They have pulled a blinder. "The biggest mistake that they could make would be to respond to any of the allegations. They are simply not serious enough allegations to warrant them breaching their long held code of silence. "Breaching that silence will imply guilt. Remaining silent gives an air of maturity and remaining above the fray. T "The Royal family have had a game plan and, unlike the Sussexes, whose game plan has appeared ill-conceived and often strayed from, the royals have toed the line throughout." Mr Coram-James poured cold water over the accusations made by Harry in his book, adding the Royal Family have only taken a "mild bruising" and "never came close to being on the receiving end of any knock out blows". He continued: "The Royal Family know that it will all blow over soon enough, as the news cycle moves on and today's news becomes old hat. READ MORE: Harry hits out over 'utter nonsense' claim made about Meghan "They will be deeply relieved that no fatal accusations were made, and will perhaps feel that Harry's revelations were not nearly as damning as they will inevitably have prepared for. "The Royal Family will look forward to King Charles' coronation knowing that they may have taken a mild bruising, but they never came close to being on the receiving end of any knock out blows. Pauline Maclaran, Professor of Marketing and Consumer Research at Royal Holloway University of London, praised the Royal Family for staying silent on Harry's claims and not getting mixed up in a messy battle with the Sussexes. She told Express.co.uk: "The Royal Family are taking the right stance because the way it is going, Harry will burn himself out. DON'T MISSSophie Wessex honoured by King on her birthday with touching picture [LATEST]King Charles's slimmed-down coronation 'half the size of Queen's' [REPORT]POLL: Should Andrew be allowed to use HRH title again? [OPINION] "If they make any reply, it risks exasperating the whole thing and we end up in a "he said, she said, they said" battle. They would be horrified to start that and are probably scared to set anything else off. "Keeping quiet is actually the best strategy because what accusations can they actually answer? Any of the ones are going to start a battle with who's right. "They may issue something like the Queen's infamous response of "recollections may vary". That was the perfect response to that situation at the time. That rare statement from Buckingham Palace came in response to a series of bombshell claims Harry and Meghan made against the Royal Family during an interview with Oprah Winfrey in March 2021. The couple alleged there had been "several conversations" within the Royal Family about the skin tone of their soon-to-be-born baby, Archie. They also accused the Royal Family of ignoring Meghan’s cries for mental health support and had left her feeling suicidal. Buckingham Palace issued a rare statement on behalf of the Queen, which said the claims were "concerning" and would be "addressed by the family privately". The statement read: "The whole family is saddened to learn the full extent of how challenging the last few years have been for Harry and Meghan. The issues raised, particularly that of race, are concerning. "While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately. Harry, Meghan and Archie will always be much loved family members."