After it was announced The Handmaid's Tale will return this year for its sixth and final season, fans were eager to gain insight into the upcoming storylines. Many took to the novel, The Testaments, and noted Nick Blaine (played by Max Minghella) could be forced out of Gilead.  Nick was first introduced as a guardian and Commander Fred Waterford’s (Joseph Fiennes) driver and has remained a key character throughout the series. He played a fundamental role in helping former handmaid June Osborne (Elisabeth Moss) find freedom. The two found solace with one another and even had a steamy love affair which would’ve cost them their lives if caught. However, after June was able to escape to Canada, she quickly learned Nick had been promoted to Commander and married Rose Blaine (Carey Cox). READ MORE: Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update   Throughout season five, viewers learnt Rose was the daughter of High Commander Wharton, who is highly respected in Gilead. Although Wharton didn’t make an appearance in season five, Nick was under the watchful eye of Commander MacKenzie (Jason Butler Harner). As an old friend of Wharton’s, MacKenzie issued Nick with a stern warning about his alliances. Unbeknownst to him, Nick and June continued to meet up in Canada but it was strictly business, with Commander Lawrence's (Bradley Whitford) help.   Although Nick was open with Rose about his meetings with June, fans are convinced his honesty could backfire in season six. Taking to a fan page, Redditor u/QueenKordeilia suggested Rose could be the equivalent of Paula Sanders, who was a character in the original novel, The Testament. They wrote: “In the book, Paula and Commander Kyle have an affair and she bumps off her first husband to marry Kyle. “Commander MacKenzie is already close to Rose's father and has reason to dislike Nick. DON'T MISS...BBC's Charlie snaps as Lisa Nandy swerves 'levelling up' probe [INSIGHT]The Handmaid’s Tale fans dash Serena redemption hopes [REACTION]The Handmaid’s Tale fans fume over Tuello’s Serena blunder [REACTION]  “If Mrs MacKenzie were to become terminally ill, and Rose were to renounce Nick (as much as a Gileadean wife can), might MacKenzie get ideas?” “Instead of Rose directly murdering Nick, could she be complicit in MacKenzie getting rid of Nick? “Nick won't actually die, of course, but it could be made to appear so,” the user added. The book also revealed Kyle was the first name of Agnes’ adoptive father, in the series MacKenzie and his wife adopted June’s daughter Hannah Bankole (Jordana Blake) and renamed her.     If Rose and MacKenzie do get together it’s likely she could tell the Commander about Nick’s secret visits to Canada. However, she doesn't know Nick was working with June to help free Hannah from Gilead. While his schemes could warrant Nick being punished with death, it's also likely he could instead be forced to leave Gilead and live in Canada. Things took a complicated turn in the season five finale, as June was reunited with Serena Joy (Yvonne Strahovski) but this time they were both fleeing Canada. The Handmaid’s Tale seasons 1-5 are available to stream in the US on Hulu and in the UK on All4.