 On Saturday night, Tommy Walsh took part in Celebrity Pointless alongside Tim Key, Alex Horne, Eboni Usoro-Brown, Sharron Davies, Rhea Bailey, Diarmuid Gavin and Natalie Jamieson. However, the 66-year-old stole the show with his dramatic weight loss.   In a New Year’s Eve special of the regular show Pointless, where people try to earn as few points as possible by giving obscure answers, a group of celebrities tried to tackle the general knowledge quiz. Hosted by Alexander Armstrong and Richard Osman, viewers were introduced to the four teams that would be playing the game. One of which included Tommy Walsh, who is best known for his show Ground Force, a TV gardening programme in which he starred from 1997 to 2005. Explaining to the host that his daughter was the person who prompted him to join the Ground Force team, he revealed he was waiting for some exciting news from home. READ MORE:Escape to the Chateau's Dick Strawbridge tells wife 'to go'  He said: “She’s five days overdue to giving us our first grandchild, so it seems appropriate that I’m back in the film studio.” It seemed that Tommy’s dramatic weight loss caught viewers' attention as many were quick to point out how different the 66-year-old looked. @Welshinlondon wrote: "B****y hell, Tommy Walsh has lost loads of weight #pointlesscelebrities." @IckieBickie added: “Lovely to see Tommy Walsh back on our screens and teamed up with the equally lovely Diarmuid. Top marks for having the brilliant Alex Horne on too.”    Elsewhere, another excited fan simply penned [via Birmingham Live]: "Tommy Walsh is looking great." Picking up on the news that he’s about to become a grandfather for the first time, host Richard Osman joked that Tommy used that to get inside the other contestants' heads. He commented: “He’s saying to you, ‘Listen, it’d be very very classy if you let me win’ “That’s what he’s saying, isn’t it? It’d be a lovely little gift to his first grandson or granddaughter.” However, his co-host Alexander Armstrong suggested that it could also be a good excuse for an early DON'T MISS... Emmerdale family torn apart after another Chas Dingle betrayal [SPOILER] Harry and Meghan 'proven right' over media claim after Clarkson column [ROYAL] King Charles' could provide an 'olive branch' to Harry and Meghan [VIDEO]    Sadly for Tommy, he was part of the first team to be eliminated in the show with a score of 146 after the first round. Saying goodbye to the two men, Alex told him it meant he could now get to the hospital before sending their best to his daughter Charlotte and his new grandchild. After a series of different rounds in the show, the final team left to try and earn some money for charity consisted of Tim Key and Alex Horne. Giving their final three answers, they only needed one to go down to zero in order to win the jackpot.   Alex Horne who was playing for SHOC, Slough Homeless Our Concern, told the Pointless host the organisation was a small charity that needed the money he was playing for. Whereas Tim revealed he was hoping to win some cash for the Cystic Fibrosis Trust. In the end, they gave a correct pointless answer and took a huge £2,750 home to their two charities. Pointless Celebrities is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. 