Courtney Love, 58, lifted the lid on her and Brad Pitt’s feud, which she claimed started after she refused to let the actor play her late husband Kurt Cobain in a Nirvana biopic. According to the singer, Brad fired her from the blockbuster Fight Club, in which she claimed she had been cast for the role of Marla Singer, in response to her refusal. Courtney claimed she was replaced by Helena Bonham Carter after receiving a phone call from director David Fincher. Speaking to Marc Maron on his WTF podcast, Courtney said: “My landline rang and it was David Fincher. “I knew it was going to be him ... he fired me because I wouldn’t let Brad play Kurt." Now, in a new statement shared on Instagram on Friday, Courtney alleged that Brad “pushed me a bridge too far”. She said: “I am not here 22 years later b****ing about losing a part playing someone’s side piece in a movie." The musician added: “Brad pushed me a bridge too far. “I don't like the way he does business or wields his power. “It's a simple fact, and it started during the production of Fight Club.” Courtney went on to accuse Brad and Gus Van Sant of trying to “blackmail” her “over my role, for the rights to film about Kurt.” She added that she “lost my s***t on them” and hours later she was “fired” from Fight Club. Courtney added: “This was always a secret that I was fine keeping.” She continued: “The point is Brad kept on stalking me about Kurt.” DON'T MISS...Stacey Dooley faces 'drama' at home with Kevin before giving birth [LATEST]Only Fools and Horses' Sue Holderness suffered near alligator attack [EXCLUSIVE]Paula Abdul looks decades younger as fans question photoshop fail [PHOTOS] “With all this resentment in our history, one might ask why I took yet another pitch for Kurt’s film from Brad after all these years? “It’s because I’m in recovery. And resentment is like drinking poison and hoping the other dies. “I was over being mad about it. Plus, I heard Pitt was dealing with the same demons. “So, we might both have changed our spiritual world views. Not to be.” To clarify her intentions, Courtney went on to say: “I don't want Brad to be p***ed off at me and become his resentment. “I want him to do better... Cmon brother Pitt. I wish you well truly. “If he's made at me, that's his problem. I enjoy him as a movie star immensely. Not so much as a biopic producer.” Finally, Courtney pointed out that Helena Bonham Carter, who eventually secured the role, was “utterly meant to be Marla Singer and I do not bear her or Edward Norton or David Fincher or Art Linson […] any ill will.” Express.co.uk has contacted representatives for Brad Pitt and Courtney Love for comment.