Our Yorkshire Farm has been on screens since 2018 and it is still following Amanda, Clive and the nine Owen children on one of the highest and most remote hill farms in England. As well as the Channel 5 show soaring in popularity, Amanda Owen has gone on to become a celebrity in her own right. Nicknamed The Yorkshire Shepherdess, alongside farming, Amanda regularly appears on several daytime TV shows, has written five books, and is currently on a UK theatre tour holding live talks. So it’s no surprise Amanda is worth more than a million pounds. Amanda Owen’s net worth is said to be more than £1million according to Entertainment Daily. It is believed she earns around £250,000 annually thanks to starring in the show, as well as other TV appearances, Instagram deals and book sales. According to the Daily Mail, Amanda has “more than doubled her earnings” since starting out. New figures filed on December 31 for 2021 show her business is now worth £343,924 - up £177,995 from 2020. The publication also revealed how the accounts show Amanda's company, Yorkshire Shepherdess LTD, is now worth £423,639 in assets. After creditors have been paid the £83,753 they are believed to be owed, she is said to be left with £343,924 in the bank if the figures are correct. READ MORE: ‘Kill weeds’ with a solution that's better than ‘industrial’ chemicals Before Amanda became a shepherdess, she was a model for a variety of catalogues. She was then inspired to change her career and a “physical job” working outdoors appealed to her. After many years of farming and raising a family, The Owens first appeared on TV as part of the ITV series The Dales. They later went on to take part in Channel 5’s New Lives in the Wild with Ben Fogle. In 2014, Amanda’s first farming book was published, and the following year she was voted Yorkshirewoman of the Year by Dalesman magazine. Her second book was published in 2016. DON'T MISS...King Charles' ‘subtle and intentional’ fashion change spotted [STYLE]Garden expert shares ‘no1’ cat deterrent that ‘works within 3 hours’ [COMMENT]Skincare expert on how to avoid botched botox and fillers [EXCLUSIVE] Two years later the family made their Our Yorkshire Farm debut. In 2019, Amanda released her third book which became another best seller. In 2021, she had another two books published, Celebrating the Seasons and Tales from the Farm. When Amanda and the family aren’t busy on the farm, they occasionally appear on daytime TV - ITV’s This Morning for example sharing a family favourite recipe, or Amanda exploring farming traditions with other experts. Amanda is also back on the road again with her official theatre tour; An Audience with Amanda Owen, and there are three upcoming dates in March and one in August. READ MORE: Makeup artist shares eye makeup mistake women 40+ should avoid Clive and son Rueben have also got themselves a spin-off show; Beyond The Yorkshire Farm: Reuben and Clive which saw them launch a digging business together. Meanwhile, Amanda has exciting prospects also on the horizon as factual boss Daniel Pearl told The Mirror: “The Owens have become everyone's favourite farming family and millions have enjoyed watching their unique way of life. “It's fantastic that we can now all follow Reuben and Clive on their next adventure. “We remain absolutely committed to the whole wonderful Owen family and hope to announce new projects with Amanda very soon.” Despite Amanda and Clive having officially separated, the couple remains focused on their children and business. One of their newest ventures is selling their Swaledale lamb in meat boxes delivered straight to your door. The couple also opens Ravenseat to visitors every spring where you can stop by for a cream tea. Amanda has a huge social media following, and regularly shares photographs she has taken of the Yorkshire landscape and her children. On Instagram, she has amassed 535,000 followers, and on Twitter, she has 208,500 followers.