Arnaut Danjuma (loan) is Tottenham's first arrival of the January window and more could yet follow for Antonio Conte's side as Spurs continue to negotiate for Pedro Porro. Express Sport takes a look at five players that could be heading for the exit door in north London - should the Spaniard arrive from Sporting following the unveiling of Danjuma. Bryan Gil It's understood Gil will be allowed to depart on loan now that Danjuma has come in to bolster Spurs' forward line. The Villarreal winger arrives on loan until the end of the season and the deal is expected to include an option to make the transfer permanent. Danjuma's return to the Premier League also pushes Gil further down the pecking order and after a taste of minutes earlier this month, a loan move elsewhere could be beneficial. PSV Eindhoven are one of the clubs tracking the Spaniard as they wait to see if he becomes available this month. There is also thought to be interest from Spain, where he spent the second half of last season on loan at Valencia. Lucas Moura Tottenham have already decided against triggering the one-year extension option they have written into Lucas Moura's contract. Instead, he will be moved on at the end of the season on a free transfer after five years at Spurs under various different managers. Moura isn't going to play much between now and the end of the season so if Tottenham were to receive an offer, it would surely fall under consideration. Everton and Aston Villa have been credited with an interest in the past two transfer windows but it's unclear if any of those remain keen on the Brazilian forward. The 30-year-old, who has 35 caps for Brazil, could be in line for a return to his homeland at the end of his deal. Djed Spence The potential arrival of Porro is likely to trigger the loan departure of Djed Spence, who is in need of some playing time. The right wing-back has made just five appearances - all from the bench - since joining Spurs for £20million from Middlesbrough last summer. There is Premier League interest in his services but Tottenham are yet to sanction his departure and any deal may have to wait until the final stages of the January window. It seems highly unlikely that Spence will leave Tottenham on a permanent deal and a loan is the most likely outcome for the 22-year-old defender, who respects Conte and is determined to make the grade at Spurs. Emerson Royal Royal has been in and out of the side all season having endured both highs and lows since arriving from Barcelona in the summer of 2021. He has remained committed to the cause despite his struggles on the field but it's clear Tottenham are likely to sign an upgrade on the Brazilian. Porro is viewed as that and if the Spaniard arrives, he is going to be a regular starter moving forward which will only limit Emerson's game time. Tottenham are prepared to consider offers for the chaotic full-back but they are yet to receive any proposals despite reported interest from Italy and Spain. Matt Doherty Lastly, much like Royal, Doherty's chances of game time are expected to be limited should Porro join the club. The 31-year-old has made 12 appearances under Conte this term but has still failed to nail down a starting wing-back role ahead of his friendly rival. Doherty is now in the final 18 months of his deal meaning Tottenham may have to think about moving the defender on for a fee before his value decreases. Although he has hardly been a staple at Tottenham, the Irishman is a very close friend of Harry Kane and is well respected amongst his team-mates and in the dressing room. Sadly, it appears his long-term future lies away from Tottenham unless he turns on the style between now and the end of the season.