Manchester United starlet Facundo Pellistri has offers from two clubs to leave on loan this month, according to reports. However, he wants to stay with the Red Devils to show his talent to manager Erik ten Hag. Pellistri finally made his debut for United in the 3-0 Carabao Cup quarter-final win over Charlton on Tuesday. He put in an exciting cameo off the bench and laid on the assist for Marcus Rashford's first goal. The winger first joined United in October 2020 from Uruguayan side Club Penarol. However, he has had to wait for his opportunity after being sent out on loan twice to Spanish outfit Alaves. Pellistri has already won 10 caps for Uruguay since making his debut last year. And it appears he is hoping to make more of an impact at United in the coming months. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Transfer insider Jonathan Shrager says there are offers from Valencia and Flamengo to sign the youngster on loan. Pellistri made 35 appearances across two spells at Alaves, so Valencia would have seen him close up in La Liga. However, he would prefer to stay and continue to push his cause at Old Trafford. Pellistri's representative will soon meet United directors to discuss the player's immediate future. But the ideal outcome for Pellistri would be to become more of a regular feature under Ten Hag. He only came on in the 85th minute of the victory over Charlton. But he did enough during his time on the pitch to excite United fans. Ten Hag was full of praise for Pellistri when he spoke to the media after the match. He said: "I see a future in him. DON'T MISSBenni McCarthy received huge fine for weight gain before helping Rashford fireArsenal can target three other Barcelona players after Eric GarciaChelsea could sign Joao Felix permanently as possible swap presents itself  "He is doing really well and we have to see what is the best [for him]. He is progressing. Against Everton [in a behind-closed doors friendly], I was really happy with his performance. "I was happy with his performance at the World Cup so his progress is really good and now he is coming on and has an effect. So that's the next step that I say: 'well done Pelli, keep going'." In a separate interview, Ten Hag said: “I mentioned already Pellistri came on and it was a debut. It was not long but he was really lively, some good actions and also the assist on the second goal."  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here