Princess Michael of Kent, who is celebrating her 78th birthday today, tied the knot with Prince Michael of Kent on June 30, 1978, in a controversial civil ceremony in Vienna. What did Marie-Christine von Reibnitz, as she was previously known, wear on her wedding day? Her first husband was the English banker Thomas Troubridge. The couple separated in 1973 and were civilly divorced in 1977. The marriage was ecclesiastically annulled by Pope Paul VI in May 1978, as Princess Michael is a Catholic. One month after the annulment, on June 30, 1978, at a civil ceremony in Vienna, Austria, she married Prince Michael of Kent. The wedding was seen as controversial because a member of the Royal Family was marrying a Catholic abroad. For the ball held after the wedding, she wore the City of London diamond fringe tiara and a cream dress from Bellville Sassoon.  Daena Borrowman, the PR, Social and Digital Marketing Manager at jewellerybox spoke exclusively to Express.co.uk to explain what the Princess wore back in 1978. READ MORE: Prince George shares a very special bond with his cousin through sport She claimed: “Marie-Christine von Reibnitz’s wedding dress was designed by Belville Sassoon - the couturier known for making Princess Diana a fashion icon, designing her 70 dresses in nearly two decades. "Marie-Christine’s full-length gown was a 1970s-style cream classic silk crepe wedding dress with bishop sleeves and a high neck that was covered in strands of pearls. "The long-sleeved dress was detailed with lace on the body and frilled cuffs."  According to the expert, the Princess was always "glamorous", but her wedding gown was the start of a new journey.   Ms Borrowman explained: "Princess Michael is known for her glamorous style and her wedding outfit was the first of many exquisite looks she would explore as a royal. "Her wedding dress was a true reflection of her signature style and her love for ruffles, diamonds, tiaras and silk dresses remains in her looks to this date." As is customary for royal weddings, Princess Michael, of course, accessorised with a diadem on her big day.  The expert continued: "The centrepiece of Princess Michael’s outfit was her chosen tiara. READ MORE: Kate and William's new home is 'such a downsize' compared to Frogmore  "At the wedding reception, the new Princess Michael of Kent chose to don the Kent City of London Fringe Tiara. "The tiara worth a staggering £3million, belonged to her late mother-in-law, Princess Marina." The jewellery expert expanded on the history of Princess Michael's tiara and who else has worn it in the Royal Family.  Ms Borrowman stated: "The Kent City of London Fringe Tiara was first gifted to Princess Marina of Greece when she married Prince George, Duke of Kent, in 1934 by the City of London.  "The tiara is a Russian-inspired diamond set gold and silver tiara and has become an iconic Kent family heirloom. "The most recent sighting of the tiara was when it was worn by Lady Gabriella Windsor, daughter of Prince and Princess Michael of Kent, for her wedding in 2019." Princess Michael also adorned herself with other exciting accessories on her wedding day.  Ms Borrowman claimed: "She finished off her look with Princess Marina's Kent Diamond Circle Earrings, featuring large single diamonds surrounded by a detachable diamond circle frame. The diamonds in these heirloom earrings can be removed and swapped for sapphires."