Arsenal fan Laura Woods has fired a brutal response to a Chelsea supporter who attempted to mock the Gunners over their failed move for Mykhaylo Mudryk. The presenter took a dig at the Blues' league position as well as claiming the deal came down to just money. Mudryk is in London completing his medical ahead of signing a seven-year contract at Chelsea. The Ukraine star looked set to be joining Arsenal up until early Saturday evening. Mikel Arteta's side had prioritised the signing of the winger throughout the window so far. However, they were not prepared to pay Shakhtar Donetsk's asking price of £88million. Chelsea owner Todd Boehly continues to splash the cash and has agreed to pay what Shakhtar were demanding. Arsenal fans, not least Woods, were understandably disappointed at the news. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  Replying to a tweet claiming a deal was done with Chelsea, Woods posted a GIF expressing that she was upset at the matter. Blues fan @DannCFC21 responded: "The fact that we're 11th and have more pull than first place Arsenal shows the level our clubs rated at." But Woods fired back in savage fashion by claiming Chelsea have only secured Mudryk due to their financial muscle. She said: "No that’s called cash. But bless you." The supporter was not prepared to let it be there and attempted to hit back. The fan wrote: "I know that, but we just hijacked a deal all Arsenal fans thought was complete so of course we have to add extra banter to the situation." But Woods had banter of her own. She wrote: "Ohh, well that’s cute. I’ve got some too, you’re still 11th x." DON'T MISSManchester United boss Ten Hag may have pulled off transfer masterstrokeChelsea could axe 10 players in squad firesale as Boehly backs PotterMan Utd star Garnacho’s response after Ten Hag criticised him in private  Chelsea are in fact 10th, level on points with Aston Villa in 11th. But they are still some way off where Boehly would want to be after spending over £400m in the transfer market since last summer. The Chelsea fan posted a tweet to his followers expressing his delight at having an exchange with Woods on Sunday morning. He wrote: "I got cooked but I had a bit of banter with Laura Woods, I see this as an absolute win." And Woods swiftly responded. She wrote: "Still friends", accompanied by a crying with laughter and hugging face emoji. Mudryk is set to be at Stamford Bridge on Sunday as Chelsea host Crystal Palace in the Premier League.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here