Vera episode The Way the Wind Blows will be airing this evening (January 22) on ITV1 at 8pm for another two-hour special. This week Vera Stanhope (played by Brenda Blethyn) and her team will be getting into a very tricky case after the body of Lisa Millworth, a popular manager at a green energy company washes up on the banks of the River Tyne. There are very few clues about who could have been behind her death with Vera digging into the victim’s personal and professional life. Vera will be tracing Lisa’s final movements and look at the deadly problems she was facing before her tragic demise. The team will find out more about old wounds, grievances and misplaced loyalties as they try to crack the case. Additionally, there will be some corporate covers up which pushes Vera to the limits of her abilities. This is the final story from season 11 with episodes from series 12 kicking off next week. READ MORE: Here's a look at Vera star Brenda Blethyn's live outside the show Lead Blethyn opened up about the detective’s practical skills in The Way the Wind Blows: “There’s a brief scene where we see Vera changing a tyre on her Land Rover in the middle of nowhere. “It was a very heavy tyre but I lifted it up and chucked it in the back. “Vera would have learned how to do all of that from her dad. That’s her dad’s motor. It was her who got it going when he died. She got it out of the shed. “The Land Rover was adapted to an automatic for me to drive. And I’ve got a little extra step to get in and out. “Getting out is easy. I just come out like going down a chute. But it’s quite high up to get in. So they added a little step for me.” Here’s a look at the guest cast joining the series this week for the case Who is in The Way the Wind Blows. Lee Millworth - Michael Balogun Michael Balogun takes on the role of Lee Millworth after starring in Top Boy, War of the Worlds and You Don’t Know Me, along with productions of Macbeth and Death off England - Delroy at the National Theatre. Warren Dyden - Andrew Whipp Andrew Whipp takes on Warren Dryden following on from parts in Outlander, Shetland, The White Princess and Cursed. Jess Farnsby - Rochelle Goldie Rising star Rochelle Goldie plays Jess Farnsby with her previous credits including Skating By and A Series of Light. Joanne Smith - Catherine Dryden Catherine Dryden will be portraying Joanne Smith with Vera marking her television debut. Hisham Kalb - Ezra Faroque Khan Ezra Faroque Khan stars as Hisham Kalb after appearing in Without Sin, D.I. Ray, Crime, The Girlfriend Experience, EastEnders and many other parts previously. Adam Michaels - Kris Mochrie Kris Mochrie portrays Adam Michaels and audiences will be most familiar with him from his roles in Ordinary Lies, Brookside, Emmerdale as Lee Posner and The League of Gentlemen. Ruth Farnsby - Hopi Grace Hopi Grace is going to be starring as Ruth Farnsby and counts credits in Time, Emmerdale, Coronation Street and Netflix’s The Sandman. John Batley - Alan Stocks Alan Stocks is John Batley with the actor having bits parts in Kingdom, Casualty 1907, Moving On, Doctors and Hollyoaks. DON'T MISS...GB News sparks uproar as Samantha launches another attack on Meghan [UPDATE]Eamonn Holmes admits ‘they're dead to me' as he addresses feud [VIDEO]Hairy Bikers’ leave BBC viewers devastated with ‘sad’ update [VIEWER REACTION] Damien Richardson - Ross Waiton Ross Waiton is Damien Richardson after previously starring in Vera as a priest. The actor has had small parts in Maigret, Grantchester, Beowulf: Return to the Shieldlands and Atlantis. Ashley Dyden - Stacey Evans Taking on Ashley Dyden is actress Stacey Evans, who has featured in movies What’s in a Name, Seat 25, Kids in Love and Kids in Love as well as TV series Cold Feet. Barry Farnsby - Jon Edgley-Bond Up-and-coming actor Jon Edgley-Bond ha appeared in Emmerdale, Hollyoaks, Henry and Anne: The Lovers Who Changed History and the video game Total War: Warhammer II. Other cast members include Sian Webber as Glenda McMann, Poppy Winter as Samantha Michaels, Cynthia Emeagi as Gemma Thompson and Charlotte Baker as Lisa Millworth. Vera airs on ITV tonight on ITV1 at 8pm