Chelsea may be struggling to thrash out a deal with Benfica to sign Enzo Fernandez in the January transfer window, but it could be Arsenal who lose out overall if they cannot land Mykhaylo Mudryk. The Blues have been locked in negotiations for weeks as they attempt to agree a fee for the Argentina international but so far, they have failed to find an agreement. Talks have broken down due to a disagreement over the initial fee that Chelsea would pay to the Portuguese club. According to reports, Benfica want Fernandez's release clause - believed to be £105million (€120m) - paid in full in order for him to move to Stamford Bridge as they have to pay River Plate a hefty sell-on fee. It was then suggested Chelsea attempted to structure the deal in separate instalments with an overall higher fee for Benfica, with a £112m bid mooted that would include three payments spread out over the coming years. But according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, Chelsea only went as high as £75m (€85m) with their offer. Fernandez, 21, has already agreed personal terms with Chelsea on a five-year deal that would run until 2028, with a weekly salary of around £170,000-a-week included. READ MORE: Chelsea 'eye Fernandez swap deal' to salvage transfer after talks collapse And that gives the Premier League club an advantage during talks with Benfica, with Fernandez understood to be pushing to leave the club this month after telling club officials he wants to join Chelsea. Chelsea are still hoping to strike a deal, with Todd Boehly likely to reopen talks with Benfica president Rui Costa and Portuguese super agent Jorge Mendes, who is acting as an intermediary. But if they fail to land Fernandez in the transfer window, it could spell bad news for Arsenal in their pursuit of Shakhtar Donetsk winger Mudryk. The Gunners have already seen two bids of £55m and £62m turned down for the 22-year-old as Shakhtar hold out for their asking price of £85m, but there is optimism at the Emirates that the deal will go through. DON'T MISSEnzo Fernandez planned Chelsea move by using Benfica as 'springboard'Chelsea tipped to seal left-field Celtic signing with FernandezCaicedo 'firmly on Chelsea radar' despite Kante news However, that feeling of optimism could soon be dampened if Chelsea fail to secure Fernandez in the current window. The west London outfit have made it clear they are willing to enter the race for Mudryk if Arsenal cannot stump up the required fee and, with limited funds to spend in January, Mikel Arteta could face disappointment in trying to land his top target. Mudryk is believed to favour a move to north London after expressing his admiration for Arteta on social media and was the Ukrainian starlet was recently spotted watching Arsenal's Premier League win over Brighton from afar. But money talks in the modern transfer market and Mudryk is unlikely to turn down the Blues if they are the only club left in the hunt. Chelsea have indicated they are ready to pounce by using the funds they would have spent on Fernandez to steal Mudryk away from their London rivals instead, meaning Arsenal must be quick to push through a deal before they are left exposed to the Todd Boehly's financial power.