Manchester United star Donny van de Beek could be out for a year after sustaining a serious injury against Bournemouth on Tuesday night, it has been claimed. The Netherlands international was unleashed from the start at Old Trafford. However, he was forced off the pitch in tears after a bruising tackle from Marcos Senesi. Manchester United were too strong for Bournemouth on Tuesday, with goals from Casemiro, Luke Shaw and Marcus Rashford giving them all three points. However, the Red Devils suffered a major blow with Van de Beek forced to limp out of the proceedings in the first half. The 25-year-old was visibly distressed as he walked off the field, having been caught by Senesi - who slipped as he went in for a tackle. After the game, Ten Hag was coy - admitting they’d have to wait and see what unfolds. And medical expert Ben Dinnery, who runs the Premier Injuries site and has a background in the field, now fears Van de Beek could be out for a year. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big “I cast my mind back to both Zlatan Ibrahimovich and Kurt Zouma’s injuries a few years ago,” he told Football Insider. “The knee hyperextended and then you also see the knee bend inwards. When you add the external force and the power from the challenge – it didn’t look great. “Internally, Man United will now be carrying out a number of tests to evaluate the player, checking the integrity of the ligaments. “The ACL is the obvious one – the Lachman test. It will be a good indication of if there is any damage, and they’ll also check for a fracture of the bone as well as any damage to the posterior cruciate ligament. “Given the force of the challenge and the mechanism of the injury, they don’t usually happen in isolation. DON’T MISS Ten Hag’s main four transfer targets revealedMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see “There’s potential involvement with the MCL (Medial Collateral ligament) and even some meniscus damage as well. “Imaging will confirm the extent of the problem and they’ll hope the results come back better than initially feared, but I suspect he’ll have a lengthy spell on the sidelines.“ It was cruel for Van de Beek, who has struggled for United ever since his arrival from Ajax back in the summer of 2020. The Netherlands international was given a rare chance to start and, during the early stages, impressed in the middle of the park. But Van de Beek is now set for another blow and the Red Devils will be hoping his injury isn’t as bad as first feared. Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Speaking after United beat Bournemouth, meanwhile, Ten Hag admitted he was happy with the result. However, the Dutchman also suggested that there was room for improvement - expressing a belief his players switched off as they closed out the game. “I’m happy with the result,” said the 52-year-old. “Today it was not our best game. We have to be honest, we didn't play that smart as a team,” he said. “We made great goals, but at times we were quite lucky, and some great saves from David [de Gea]. We could have been smarter as a team. "There were big spaces at 2-0 up, sometimes we have to keep the ball and recognise when to go for goal. That is the next step. “It is always good to win 3-0. It was a great performance for the crowd, with scoring opportunities for both goals. To win 3-0 is always good. "We have to go from game-to-game. The next game is a cup one, but we want to win every game. That has to be the approach. “We don't want to look any further, focus on that, it will be a tough game. We need every energy in the preparation and when we kick off on Friday night." “We could have conceded too but great saves from David de Gea, I am not happy with that. It is something we have to avoid."