Arsenal are set to complete the signing of Poland defender Jakub Kiwior, according to reports. The Gunners are set to make him their second acquisition of the January transfer window after agreeing a deal for Leandro Trossard. A deal for Kiwior has come out of the blue. But he is reported to be flying to London this weekend to complete a move to the Emirates. Kiwior is a left-footed centre-back, who can also operate at left-back and in defensive midfield, and plays for Serie A club Spezia. The 22-year-old started each of his country's four matches at the World Cup in Qatar before their round of 16 exit to France. Arsenal were unable to get any signings over the line in the first two weeks of the January window. But they are set to complete two in the matter of a few days. Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! CLICK HERE  A fee rising to £27million was agreed with Brighton on Thursday which will see Trossard become an Arsenal player. But before an official announcement has been made on that deal, the Gunners are closing in on their next purchase. Transfer expert Fabrizio Romano says a fee in excess of £17.5m has been agreed between Arsenal and Spezia. The deal is very advanced and he could undergo his medical this week. Meanwhile, Gianluca Di Marzio claims Kiwior will fly to London this weekend to complete his move. Kiwior began his career in his home country with FK Zeleziarne Podbrezova before joining Zilina in 2019. He left Poland for Italy in 2021 to join Spezia on a four-year deal and has made 43 appearances in all competitions, starting 17 out of 18 league matches this season. Kiwior only made his full debut for Poland in 2022 and has won nine caps to date. DON'T MISSGrealish gives perfect response after being 'insulted' in Sky Sports interviewMan Utd star Sancho facing huge fight to get dream No 7 shirt ahead of returnRonaldo perplexed after being given award over Messi and Mbappe  Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta has been in the market for a left-footed defender to provide cover and competition for Gabriel Magalhaes. Pablo Mari fit that bill but was sent out on loan for a second time by Arteta this season and his future in north London is in doubt. Eintracht Frankfurt star Evan Ndicka has been linked with a move to the Emirates, with his contract expiring at the end of the season. But it seems Kiwior is the chosen target for the Gunners. Arteta is keen to add depth to his squad ahead of the second half of the season and Kiwior can also provide cover for Thomas Partey in defensive midfield. Arsenal are five points clear at the top of the Premier League table ahead of Sunday's visit of Manchester United.  Want the latest Premier League news as we publish it on Express Sport? Join our new Facebook group by clicking here