Princess Anne represented the UK Royal Family today as she joined other European royals to mourn the loss of Constantine II. The Princess opted for a sombre all black look. The Princess Royal was pictured wearing a smart black coat today for the funeral of Constantine II. And as is typical of the UK Royal Family, she donned an elegant silver brooch. Anne's fit and flare coat was a thick wintry piece with blouson sleeves and elegant faux fur cuffs. It was adorned with huge black buttons right down the centre of the dress. READ MORE: Meghan's fashion choice that Princess Diana would avoid - pictures It boasted deep pleats which added some movement and dimension to the garment. The coat was slightly more fitted in the middle which meant it nipped in Anne's waist. Underneath the coat the royal appeared to be wearing a black dress and a white and black patterned scarf. Anne's black dress was almost entirely concealed by her coat but the high neck peeked through slightly. The scarf looked to be predominantly white with a black snakeskin pattern. As for accessories, Anne opted for a dainty pair of pearl drop earrings. These were very similar to the pair Queen Elizabeth II wore almost every day. The Princess also wore black leather gloves and a black purse which she tucked under one arm. Her bag had some small tassels hanging off one side by the buckle. READ MORE: Kate Middleton wears Gucci blouse back to front twice - pictures She donned a pair of knee-high suede black boots, much like Queen Camilla's staple pair. As for her hair, Anne looked elegant with her signature do, pulled into a twist at the crown of her head. She was among several European royals who attended today's event, including Spanish Queen Letizia. This morning, the Spanish Queen wore her hair in a twist at the crown of her head, and opted for a timeless black coat dress. Similar to Letizia, Anne created some volume at the top of her head in a bouffant style. Makeup wise, Anne was relatively fresh faced aside from one pop of colour. Quite uncommon for the UK royals - but a favourite of Princess Anne - she opted for a reddish lip.