Back in 1995, Jamie Lee Curtis was shooting what she reportedly called the "terrible sequel" to the 1988 film A Fish Called Wanda in London. In the latest episode of the Apple Fitness+ feature Time to Walk, the Everything Everywhere All at Once star spoke about her experience. The 64-year-old got word that Princess Diana and her sons Prince William and Prince Harry were going to visit the set. "We had been told that day that Princess Diana and her children were going to come to visit," Jamie recalled. "We shot all morning, and when we took a tea break, for me, it was a pee break." She continued: “I jumped in a golf cart and drove the two miles back to the dressing room. “I’m in my dressing room peeing when there was a pounding on the door, 'Princess Diana is here!'" READ MORE: Carol Kirkwood accused of ‘road rage’ after ‘bugbear’ admission After making the two-mile journey back to set, Jamie found that by the time she arrived, the three royals were already on their way out. Rather than chasing after them, she decided to write a letter. "It said, 'I'm so sorry we didn't get to meet. “I was very much looking forward to it as I admire you greatly. Unfortunately, nature called, and they don't give me many breaks, so I chose nature over you, not knowing that you were going to arrive right at that moment. “I’m so sorry and just think you're great. My best wishes, Jamie.'" Much to Jamie's surprise, Diana actually took the time to write back to the actress. "The next day, I got a letter delivered from Kensington Palace from Her Royal Highness Princess Diana, saying, 'I'm so sorry I didn't get to meet you, also. I admire you, and I totally understand when nature calls. “Of course, you should choose that. I hope that we will have an opportunity in our lives to meet. “Best wishes always,'" Jamie added. DONT MISS:Meghan and Harry's pal Omid Scobie admits his book may not be accurate (PHOTOS)Holly Willoughby unveils new hair after letting son, 8, cut inches off (NEWS)Amanda Holden goes braless in skintight red dress despite bloat fears (LATEST) "It was just a beautiful letter, which I still have,” she reflected. Following Diana's death in 1997, the Hollywood star took some time to reflect on what Diana's life had taught her. She picked up a book titled The Path to Insight Meditation and said it completely changed her mindset for the better. ”When people have tried to live mindfully, at the time of their death, they ask themselves two questions: 'Did I learn to live wisely? And did I love well?" Jamie said: "I realised that, if this book was correct, that meant whether or not it was cut terribly short, her life was complete. "There isn't a day that goes by that I don't think about it. That has become the framework of my life."