Experts are sounding the alarm that such an interest rate hike is plausible as the central bank attempts to get to grips with the rise in the cost of living. The Bank of England raised the base rate, which is the amount people lenders and high street banks from the financial institution, for the ninth time in a row. This has been done by the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) in an attempt to control the UK’s skyrocketing inflation rate. As it stands, the last Consumer Price Index (CPI) came to 10.7 percent for the month of November. Inflation, as well as soaring energy prices, are the main contributing factors to the country’s ongoing cost of living crisis. While inflation did drop slightly from a 41-year high in October, financial analysts believe it will still remain high for the foreseeable future. As a result, average households will still have to contend with a sharp rise in the price of goods and services. READ MORE: Pension triple lock ‘needs reform’ for ‘means-tested’ payments Neville Burdock, the head of Sportsbook at Sporting Index, shared why he believes a 4.75 percent base rate is likely to be in the UK’s future. Mr Burdock explained: “Although the Bank of England was split in its decision to raise interest rates to 3.5 percent, we expect rates to rise further next year in an effort to curb inflation, and our prediction has them reaching a high of 4.75 percent. “Despite a small dip in the rate of inflation in November, we don’t think we’ve seen the short-term peak and expect inflation to reach 12 percent in the new year, which would eclipse anything we’ve seen in 2022.” The next Bank of England announcement regarding interest rates will be made on Thursday, February 2, 2023. Savers will likely be the primary beneficiaries of another hike to the base rate as the interest on their accounts will be boosted. Due to inflation, savings products have been unable to provide the same returns for customers as they usually have due to inflation. With the Bank of England’s recent decisions, high street banks and building societies have been able to pass on rate hikes to their customers. Among the financial organisations to do this include Nationwide Building Society, Chase and Yorkshire Building Society. READ MORE: Waspi women wait for compensation verdict as 'cruel' rumours fly  However, those with mortgage repayments and people in debt will likely have to pay even more if interest rates hit 4.75 percent. Pete Mugleston, the managing director at www.onlinemortgageadvisor.co.uk, broke down what will likely happen to homeowners in the coming months. Mr Mugleston said: “Despite several mortgage lenders having lowered the rates on their fixed-rate mortgages this week, this news that there will be a ‘huge mortgage shock’ in the spring when interest rates peak, and mortgage borrowers come off their previous fixed terms will be deeply concerning for many. “It is encouraging though, that the UK’s major mortgage lenders and the chair of the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) met yesterday to discuss how lenders can provide support for those who encounter problems paying their mortgage. “These are the early signs that lenders are starting to be proactive in offering support to those in need. However, as to whether these measures will go far enough to help homeowners when interest rates peak in the spring remains in question. “In truth, mortgage lenders have a vested interest in making borrowers’ lives easier. So, the commitments discussed at this meeting will hopefully kickstart the implementation of more high street lenders implementing measures such as payment holidays, shifting to interest-only and scraping stress tests at seven percent, in place. “For now, our advice remains unchanged. Homeowners should seek help from their lender immediately if they’re struggling to keep up with their mortgage repayments and for anyone looking to buy a property or remortgage, we urge them to speak to an experienced mortgage advisor before making any decisions.”