A man has divided opinion after asking how to report his "bragging" neighbour whose car has not had an MOT since 2018. He claims his "annoying" neighbour has been bragging about not being caught out.  The vast majority of vehicles over three years old should have the safety test done annually to make sure they meet the minimum criteria for acceptable environmental and road safety standards required by law. The date the MOT runs out is printed on your current MOT pass certificate. Anyone who drives a vehicle without a valid MOT can be fined up to £1,000.  However, the "really annoying" neighbour from Southall, west London, seems unfazed by the risk. The man is convinced his neighbour is "not joking" about how out of date his MOT is after checking it himself. Posting on Nextdoor to seek advice on how to deal with the arrogant neighbour, the resident consulted their other neighbours, reports MyLondon.  They wrote: "Hello guys, what is correct way to report car with no MOT? "I got this really annoying neighbour always bragging about how he hasn't been caught driving with MOT for many years. "I checked his car registration online and he's not joking, he hasn't done MOT since 2018 and even then in 2018 his car failed for many serious things." Other angry residents leapt on the thread, calling the driver "so irresponsible" for putting other road users and pedestrians in danger, and accusing him of not caring "about their own safety either." One even suggested: "Report it to the council saying you think it's been dumped." But others disagreed that he should do anything, adding: "I wouldn’t bother doing anything, his time will come," and "Don't get involved. It will be triggered by the DVLA eventually."  Some cars are exempt from having an MOT. You do not need to get an MOT if the vehicle was built or first registered more than 40 years ago, and no "substantial changes" have been made to the vehicle in the last 30 years, for example replacing the chassis, body, axles or engine to change the way the vehicle works. Find out if you need to get an MOT and how to check your MOT expiry date here.