Furious Everton supporters have dug up an old Twitter post from Anthony Gordon in which he labelled Leightbon Baines as his "idol" after the forward snubbed Toffees training for the third day in a row. The England U21 international appears to be downing tools on Merseyside in a clear attempt to force through a January transfer to Newcastle with Chelsea also monitoring developments. Gordon's absence on Tuesday was understood to be pre-agreed with the club but he was a no-show for a second successive day on Thursday despite being expected to turn up. Newcastle remain in talks with Goodison Park chiefs over a £35million deal that could rise to £50m with add-ons, although nothing has been agreed between the two parties as of yet. Now Everton fans have turned on their player for the way he has seemingly disrespected the badge during his attempts to force the club's hand. Supporters have dug up a tweet from December 2019 in which Gordon posted two pictures alongside Everton caretaker boss Baines that read: "The difference 7 years can make, an idol turned into a teammate." Win a pair of tickets to the Premier League or Women's Super League match of your choosing! Enter below. CLICK HERE Gordon posted an image from 2012 when he posed alongside the former left-back in the Finch Farm training ground car park before sharing a snap of him playing for Everton with the full-back. With Baines now taking Everton training, fans cannot seem to understand why the attacker would not show up - not least because his idol was now in charge of sessions. @SMc98_ wrote: "Couldn’t even turn up to his training sessions when not only is it his idol but temporary boss." @LouisJF99 added: "Now he isn’t turning up for his ‘idols’ training sessions." DON'T MISS Arsenal have Gabriel Jesus problem after Man Utd win as Mikel Arteta ignores Prem meeting Man Utd legend looks unrecognisable with huge white beard in pub photograph with fan Chelsea receive Brighton boss Roberto De Zerbi's blessing on Moises Caicedo transfer "What a difference 12 months and a larger pay cheque can make," said @Tom10448717. Twitter user @youngie1984 posted: "And then he turns his back on his idol." The Mail are now reporting that Gordon has told Everton he won't be returning at all until a transfer is agreed. Gordon was seemingly close to extending his stay after verbally agreeing a new contract but the deal failed to materialise. It has now paved the way for the forward's departure and Everton could be forgiven for feeling a sense of regret after turning down a huge proposal from Chelsea last summer. Tottenham have also shown interest in Gordon, who is seemingly a highly-rated player throughout the top-flight as the Toffees now consider his departure. Newcastle are yet to submit an official bid but the youngster now seems prepared to try and hold out for a move before the window closes on Tuesday night. Meanwhile, Amadou Onana looks set to stay put for the remainder of the season in a major boost for Everton's survival hopes. Chelsea and Arsenal have both been showing firm interest in his signature but the Belgian is keen to remain at Goodison Park this month after arriving from Lille last summer.