Mercedes will not ‘deviate significantly’ from their W13 vehicle design despite their 2022 troubles, according to Formu1a.com. Mercedes endured all sorts of issues in the previous Formula 1 campaign, after struggling to adapt to new regulations put into place by the FIA. More specifically, a key problem during 2022 proved to be porpoising, with both Lewis Hamilton and George Russell complaining about the issue throughout the campaign. Their problems saw the Silver Arrows miss out on their first constructors’ title for the first time since 2013 after finishing third behind Red Bull and Ferrari. In spite of these problems though the eight-time constructors’ champions are set to not deviate too much from their 2022 model ahead of the new campaign. Discussing changes at the end of last season team principal Toto Wolff said: “The DNA of the 2023 car will be different from that of the current car, as we will change the architecture. “But it does not necessarily mean that our chassis will look very different from that of the W13.” Following Wolff’s comments, reports have suggested that Mercedes are set to stick with their zero sidepod concept on their 2023 car. JUST IN: David Coulthard and Mark Webber agree on Lewis Hamilton after 'double Mercedes blow' One man who was keen to see the back of the W13 vehicle following the 2022 campaign was star man Hamilton. After dominating the sport in recent years, the seven-time world champion endured a difficult year behind the wheel, having gone winless for the first time in an F1 campaign. Speaking at the end of last season, Hamilton admitted he was looking forward to never having to drive the 2022 car ever again. Discussing his vehicle's problems, he said per Autosport: “Brakes, bouncing is probably number one, drag is probably number two. Or equal number one. There's loads of other things. DON'T MISSToto Wolff 'won't have any say' in Lewis Hamilton negotiations at MercedesMercedes trio offer latest on Lewis Hamilton's 2023 hopes as team work on new car for BritToto Wolff twists knife into Red Bull after 'unfair' punishment to parent company “We’ve obviously got some downforce, we just need to build a much more efficient car. And I think everybody in the team knows exactly what are the problems, and where they are, and where we've gone wrong and I'm pretty confident that they're not going to build the next car with any of those characteristics. “So I'm looking forward to the end of Tuesday, which is the last time I have to drive this thing. And I don't ever plan to drive this one again. It won't be one of the cars that I request to have in a contract!"