Pan supports are soiled by splatters, spills or cooking grease nearly every time the stove gets used. Accumulated food and grease is unsightly, and it presents a fire hazard near gas burners. The cast iron on a pan support is coated with a finish that requires different cleaning than cast iron cookware. According to cleaning experts at In The Wash, the “best way” to “effectively” clean cast iron pan supports is actually the “simplest method”. 1. Soak the pan supports The first step is to remove the pan supports from the stove and place them in a sink full of very hot water. For those who want an extra cleaning kick, the cleaning pros recommended adding some washing powder to the “very stubborn-looking spots” on the supports. Leave them to soak in this water for about 15 minutes to loosen any food debris and grease that may have built up. If the pan supports are a bit too cumbersome to wash in the kitchen sink, try soaking them for a while in the bath. READ MORE: ‘Best’ non-toxic method to eliminate ‘stubborn’ oven grease with ease Buy a cheap, rubber non-slip mat to lie them on carefully so that they don’t scratch your bath and cover them with warm water and washing-up liquid. 2. Gently scrub the pan supports Saturate a nylon scrubber or a washing up brush with some washing up liquid and scrub the pan supports all over, making sure to get into all the nooks and crannies. For those who would prefer to use steel wool instead of the other brush options, then they can add the washing up liquid to the water in the sink and make sure it thoroughly wets the pan supports while scrubbing them with the steel wool. 3. Dry the pan supports After the supports have been scrubbed thoroughly, be sure to dry them properly before putting them back to make sure that they don’t become rusty. DON'T MISS‘Worst’ tip to water orchids as roots ‘take a hit’ - how to avoid [EXPERT]‘Two key’ tips to save on heating - makes the ‘biggest difference’ [TIPS]‘Worst’ home improvement for adding property value - ‘don't do it’ [INSIGHT] For those looking for a faster way to clean their cast iron pan supports, they may be tempted to stick them in the dishwasher. However, the experts warned against this. They said: “Do not attempt to put your cast iron pan supports into your dishwasher as they may tarnish in the machine.” It is also not advisable to use any products with bleach on the supports, and it is best to “steer clear” from chlorine and lemon juice as well. These liquids may cause damage to the cast iron. If households spot any cracks or chips in the finish of their pan supports, it is advisable to replace them as soon as possible before the damage worsens. READ MORE: ‘Easiest’ solution to banish ‘stubborn’ log burner glass stains In the future, the best thing to do would be to add cleaning cast iron pan supports to the weekly list of household chores. This will be a much quicker and simpler process if done frequently as the food and grease will not have as much time to build up. When cleaning cast iron cooking utensils, it’s always best to avoid using washing-up liquid, steel wool or the dishwasher. That’s because these methods will strip the surface of the pan of its seasoning (slick, multiple coats of thin oil), making it less effective when in use. Looking for a new home, or just fancy a look? Add your postcode below or visit InYourArea Instead, take some paper towels and wipe the interior surface of the skillet or pan while it is still warm to remove any excess food and oil. Next, rinse it under hot running water while gently rubbing with a non-metal, non-abrasive pad to remove any food traces. You should lightly oil your skillet or pan after each cleaning to keep it in good condition. Do this by making sure all traces of moisture are gone before warming it on a low-medium heat. Add half a teaspoon of oil to the pan and, using a paper towel, spread the oil across the interior surface. The surface of the skillet or pan should now look dark and smooth. Let the pan cool before putting it away.