Manchester United have a decision to make in the wake of Christian Eriksen’s injury blow. The Denmark international is facing a spell on the sidelines after sustaining a knock in his side’s 3-1 win over Reading on Saturday night. And with the club already deciding they’re open to recalling loan players, a return for Hannibal Mejbri can’t be entirely ruled out. United were too strong for Reading on Saturday, with a brace from Casemiro and a neat finish from Fred sending them through to the fifth round of the FA Cup. But the Red Devils were dealt a blow during the showdown, with Eriksen forced out of the contest. The Denmark international has been a key player for United this season, ever since arriving from Brentford back in the summer. But the Red Devils will now have to fare without the midfielder, who has clocked up nine assists across all competitions so far this term. Back in November, the Manchester Evening News claimed that United had decided they were open to recalling loan players. Man Utd transfers: Unstoppable XI if Amazon take over and spend big And that stance suggests Hannibal could be an option, with the midfielder starting to make his mark at Birmingham City. The 20-year-old is highly rated at United, having previously featured sporadically under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term. Hannibal’s discipline is a problem, with the playmaker picking up four yellow cards from his last 10 outings. But he’s impressed at Birmingham and has won the respect of his team-mates despite an inconsistent season over in the Midlands. United see Hannibal as a creative player who they’d likely use in the advanced attacking positions. DON’T MISS Garnacho has three reasons to sign new Man Utd contractMan Utd have 10 players who may leave in 2023Depay to Man Utd and other deals we want to see And that’s despite the youngster being used in a deeper role at Birmingham than he’s previously been accustomed to over the course of his career. With United open to recalling Hannibal, and having a clause in the deal that allows them to do that, a premature return can’t be ruled out. Yet the Red Devils will be hoping Eriksen isn’t out for too long, with Ten Hag coy the playmaker after the win at Old Trafford on Saturday night. “It’s always difficult to say in this moment so short after the game has finished,” said Ten Hag. “But it’s an ankle [injury]. We have to see what is the diagnosis, so it costs us a minimum of 24 hours before we know that and then I can say more.” Want the latest football news? Join our brand new Facebook group by clicking here Ten Hag, meanwhile, hailed Casemiro after his brilliant brace fired United through. "Yes. We know he's a great player and that midfield at Real Madrid, with Kroos and Modric, it was great,” he said when asked if the Samba star had made a bigger impact than expected. “He's capable of that [scoring goals]. We see him as a part of it offensively and he enjoys it as well, when he can come [into] it. “What I like is dynamic football with variations, with many positional switches so we have to make the opponent think so that we can take the benefit of it. “Casemiro is magnificent. In front of the back line, always taking good positions, in and out of position. And he can deal with the ball, he can give the right pass. “So, he can accelerate the game and if necessary, he can score." United are next in action against Nottingham Forest in the Carabao Cup on Wednesday (8pm). Ten Hag’s side lead 3-0 from the first leg after goals from Marcus Rashford, Wout Weghorst and Bruno Fernandes.