Donald Trump has "evolved" and is more "savvier", according to his 2024 campaign attorney. Speaking to GB News host Mark Dolan, Christina Bobb also added that the real estate tycoon was a "more difficult adversary" than he had been during his first Presidential bid in 2016.  The former Marine argued that Mr Trump now understood "where the attacks come from". Ms Bobb, a fervent believer that the 2020 US Presidential election was "stolen" from Mr Trump, said that his 2024 campaign was going to "clean up" American elections. The former One America News Network anchor said that it would be "harder" to take Mr Trump on than in 2016 when he beat a large group of established Republicans to the nomination and favourite Hillary Clinton in the Presidential election. She said: "I am fortune to come into this campaign on the second half of it.  "I wasn't part of the 2016 race, so I'm seeing hin new and it's really fun for me to see because I think he's evolved. "You know in 2016 he had never really been involved in politics before and wasn't really sure what to do. He relied on a lot on political operatives to tell him what to think and what to say and all of that. "Even though he's known for just telling you what he thinks.  READ MORE: Mum faces up to 27 years in jail after leaving newborn son on rive... "I believe that he's a lot savvier this time around. He's been around the block. "He's been in The White House, he understands where the attacks come from and probably where there're going to come from in the future. "And I think he's a much more difficult adversary.  DON'T MISS: Remains confirmed to be missing four-year-old Athena Brownfield [REVEAL] Coroner shares injuries of girl, 19, hit by car after multiple rapes [INSIGHT] Fans complain they 'never see' Melania as she fails to join Trump [SPOTLIGHT]  "At this point I think it will be much harder to try and take him on than in 2016. And I think we're going to clean up our elections. Clean up the corruption and I can't wait to be a part of this." 