Ulrika Jonsson admitted she feels like an "absolute fool" after admittedly ignoring the "extreme misogynistic social media star" Andrew Tate. It comes as the mum-of-four realised her son had been viewing the influencer's content online. The 36-year-old social media influencer, is a former kickboxer and founder of Hustler's University, an online community that claims to teach its students to get rich by sharing tips on cryptocurrency, stocks, copywriting and affiliate marketing. Tate has been branded the "King of Toxic Masculinity" for the content he puts out and remains a controversial figure. The four-time kickboxing world champion was arrested last month in connection with an investigation into alleged human trafficking, rape and forming an organised crime group. Both he and his brother Tristan, 34, were detained for 24 hours before a judge granted police a further 30 days to detain them in a detention centre. READ MORE: Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss The arrest occurred on December 29, and the following day a Romanian court ruled that Andrew will remain in custody for 30 days. Writing in her latest column for The Sun, Ulrika admitted she felt "sick" knowing her son had watched Andrew's "vile" videos. She wrote: "And my 14-year-old son knows all about him. "The mistake I made was thinking that, as my children have grown up in a house built on equality and feminism, tolerance and respect for others, that I didn’t need to lecture them about a random chauvinist who talks about how women 'belong in the home.'"  Ulrika said she "wrongly presumed" her children "would not be sucked in by the images of flash cars" and the "hateful ideology" that does not fit in a modern world. She continued: "It was an oversight on my part — and a dangerous one at that. "While my three oldest children are adults and can see through it and even be angered by extremists such as Tate, my son has not. Entirely. "He’s aware of the charges against Tate because — it turns out — he has watched his videos." DON'T MISS... Warwick Davis 'devastated' and 'can't get over' wife's loss[LATEST]Piers Morgan demands 'old GMB job back' after Prince Harry admission[ROYALS]Madonna looks ageless during family's moonlit dance on African safariPICTURES] Ulrika went on to claim Tate's videos are aimed at "impressionable teenagers" but added she is thankful her son dislikes the way the British-American influencer refers to women. The columnist hit out at the social media influencer's "vile" content and said she refused to be drawn in by his comments but ultimately took her eye off the ball with her own child. She said: "I shall never again ignore dangerous men like Tate. "Hearing my son say he doesn’t disagree with everything Tate says made me feel sick." Tate, who was born in Chicago but raised in Luton, has gone from obscurity to global fame in a matter of months. The former Big Brother contestant previously said women belong in the home, can't drive and are a man's property. In other clips, the British-American kickboxer – who poses with fast cars, guns and portrays himself as a cigar-smoking playboy – talks about hitting and choking women, trashing their belongings and stopping them from going out. Tate’s views have been described as extreme misogyny by domestic abuse charities, capable of radicalising men and boys to commit harm offline. He is one of the most famous figures on TikTok, where videos of him have been watched 11.6 billion times.