Jackie Stewart has claimed F1 could have been banned in the 1960s if action hadn't been taken. The three-time world champion feels insurance companies would not have backed the sport due to safety concerns if changes were not introduced. Stewart was a pioneer of F1 safety during his racing career, pushing for a roster of updates to ensure the future of the sport. Speaking exclusively to Express Sport, he said: “It had to be done because it was so bad. I think if we hadn’t done it, motor racing could have been stopped by the insurance companies. “The worst of it all was Le Mans when 82 people were killed at the 24-hour race. The crowd could have been wiped out in many cases because there weren't any debris fences or anything like that. It had to change.” F1 was racing on several dangerous circuits at the time which were not built with safety in mind. These included the Nurburgring Nordschleife, with the 154-corner layout nicknamed the ‘Green Hell’ READ MORE: Jackie Stewart demands F1 bosses make change after Hamilton comments Stewart pushed for the introduction of run-off areas and better barriers to stop spectators from being affected. He also advocated for emergency vehicles and better medical treatment to give drivers a chance after suffering from horrifying accidents. However, he has previously opened up about the opposition he faced in trying to force through new legislation. Stewart’s interest in safety was piqued after his own accident at the 1966 Belgian Grand Prix at the old 8.7 mile Spa-Francorchamps circuit. Back in 2017, he told Channel 4: “Well, it certainly attracted my attention, I had never had an accident before and actually haven't had much since. DON'T MISS'He's a dead man' Jackie Stewart admits 2022 F1 crash left him scared [INSIGHT]Inside F1 icon Jackie Stewart's life 50 years after retirement  [ANALYSIS]Sir Jackie Stewart wants Lewis Hamilton to 'resign' from F1 [COMMENT] “But I was trapped in the car, no marshals, no firefighters, I was soaked in fuel, the steering wheel in those days was not removable, which today in almost every racing car it is. I was trapped in the car. "Graham Hill and Bob Bondurant, an American driver, they finally borrowed - can you imagine in today’s world - borrowed spanners from a spectator's car to remove the steering wheel. Still no marshals, still no ambulance, still no firefighters, and laid me in the back of a hay truck, in this farmyard, in an indoor barn and I was burning. "In those days we were using high-octane aviation fuel, and it burns all your skin off.” Stewart is now available on Sky Documentations and NOW TV.