Cristiano Ronaldo is on course to see his net worth soar beyond Lionel Messi’s over the coming years, with his property empire growing in value. The forward has recently joined Saudi Arabian side Al Nassr on a two-year deal that has seen him become the highest-paid athlete in the world. Ronaldo left Manchester United last year after an incredibly disappointing homecoming where he went from being a hero to a villain at Old Trafford. The arrival of Erik ten Hag saw the Portugal international kicked to the curb, with the manager not willing to allow Ronaldo to rule the roost as he had previously. Following a blockbuster interview with Piers Morgan, United decided to cut their No 7’s deal short by a year – with Ronaldo pleased with that outcome. The forward has insisted that he received numerous offers from all over Europe upon becoming a free agent but decided to make the move to the Middle East by choice. The 37-year-old penned a £173million-per-year deal with Al Nassr which, along with his property portfolio, should see his net worth grow. Ronaldo owns several properties in Portugal, Spain and Italy – including the most expensive pad in Portugal, according to local reports. According to The Sun, Ronaldo owns £43m worth of properties and his empire is set to grow further. In comparison, Messi has opted to put his money to different uses, owning property totalling £17m. Ronaldo is reportedly living in a Four Seasons hotel in Riyadh currently, though it would be no surprise to see the former Real Madrid attempt to settle down further by purchasing a house of his own. In late 2022, Messi’s estimated stands at £524m, though his profile grew further due to Argentina’s success at the Qatar World Cup – when he finally managed to get his hands on the prestigious trophy. That is £87m more than Ronaldo’s, which is thought to be in the region of £437m – but his move to Saudi Arabia and growing property empire could certainly see the tables turn at some point in the immediate future. Speaking about the move after his unveiling at Al Nassr, Ronaldo said: “So far I'm feeling very good, I’m so proud to make this decision in my life, and as you mentioned before in Europe my work is done. I won everything, I played at the most important clubs and for me now it is a new challenge in Asia. "I'm grateful that Al-Nassr have given me this opportunity to show and develop, not only for the younger generation, but for the women's generation. It's a challenge but I'm very proud."