Russia and Ukraine are gearing up for "major offensives", a retired British Army army officer has claimed, but he warned President Volodymyr Zelensky now faces two major headaches. Colonel Richard Kemp, a former infantry battalion commanding officer who served for 30 years, believes "relative inactivity" on the battlefield could be the "lull before the storm". The first anniversary of Russia's invasion of Ukraine is approaching, with speculation President Vladimir Putin could launch a huge mass-mobilisation plan of half-a-million troops as he looks for a significant boost. Colonel Kemp said Putin could attack from three areas of Ukraine, adding "the options are open to him to some extent", but warned Ukraine must do two things simultaneously to fight back against Russian forces. He told Express.co.uk: "There is still fighting between Russia and Ukraine on all fronts but at the moment there is relative inactivity as both sides are preparing major offensives in the coming weeks, and possibly months. It could be a lull before the storm. "We have got Putin mobilising his forces, getting ready to send them into Ukraine - some are already there to give him a much-needed significant boost than he has had up until now to try and smash the Ukrainian army. "There are a number of different directions that Putin could attack from. "He could attack from the south up towards the Donbas region, he could attack from the north from Belarus or he could attack from the northeast from inside Russia towards Kyiv. The options are open to Putin to some extent." But Colonel Kemp also warned: "Ukraine has got to do two things - defend against that operation if it occurs, and they also have to try to go on the offensive themselves. "Whether they can do those two things together is a big question. Their attack will be down towards the south if they are able to mount it down towards Mariupol to cut in half the Russian forces along the south." However, the retired British Army officer warned there is massive pressure on Putin for Russian troops to succeed in the upcoming offences, adding: "This could be his last roll of the dice". READ MORE: Iran poised to execute pregnant woman for burning Khomeini pic Colonel Kemp also warned if the Russian President doesn't score a significant victory over the coming weeks, he faces a "very bleak future" and the possibility of a "coup" that could edge him towards the Kremlin exit door. He said: "This could be Putin's last roll of the dice. The Ukrainians have taken a huge hit, but of course so has Putin. "We all know things didn't work out how we expected or how he conditioned the Russian people to expect, so he has to have a significant victory in the early part of this year if he can achieve it. "If he can't achieve it , it could be a very bleak future for him with the possibility of some kind of coup in Russia against him. He will be very mindful of that possibility." DON'T MISSUkraine stops Putin's latest push in its tracks with tank strikes [LATEST]Kay Burley's live broadcast abruptly interrupted by Russian missiles [VIDEO]Russia's new 'invincible' Zircon missile to be unleashed by Putin [REPORT] The retired British Army officer added: "Putin is in a very strong position and still has huge popularity within Russia, despite this war. But we have also seen rumblings from some of the elites within Russia, for example from the head of the Wagner Group. "The prospects of a popular Russian uprising against Putin are pretty low but the prospect of someone of significance in Moscow or a significant number of people deciding to move against him is possible. Whether that would succeed is an open question and who would succeed him is also an open question. "The third question is whether it worsens or improves the situation because the most serious noises against Putin that I'm aware of are not those who have said we want peace, but from people who say they want to win this war." The latest warnings come with Ukraine receiving a significant boost after Germany finally said it will send Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine in the fight against Russia. This also gives the green light for Western and NATO allies to send squadrons of the German-made vehicles, following weeks of anger and frustration over Berlin hesitating on the issue. Colonel Kemp has explained why Ukraine receiving Leopard 2 tanks could be the difference maker in the upcoming offensives against Russia. He concluded: "Ukraine getting these tanks could make the difference in the forthcoming offences, and could make the difference between victory and defeat for them. "Russia has a lot of tanks and Ukraine has some as well but has already seen many of them destroyed. These Leopard II tanks are far more capable than a lot of the tanks Russia has got. "Those tanks are most useful for offensive purposes but they are also extremely valuable for defensive purposes, sop they could make a big difference in whether Russia's offensive is successful."