Over time, detergent or fabric softener can build up inside the washing machine drawer, leaving mould or dirt. If not cleaned regularly or properly, particles could end up going into the drum when washing clothes. To help Britons clean their household appliances, Lara Brittain, kitchen expert at Currys, has shared a guide on how to do so properly. The expert said: “Your washing machine does a great job of keeping your clothes clean. But please don’t take your hard working appliance for granted. Give it a little TLC now and again, and you’ll get years of great service in return.” According to the pro, a maintenance wash is the “best” way of making sure you keep getting grease results from your wash. It helps to get rid of bacteria, stains, sludge and mould which may have been building up inside the machine. It can also clear out any old stagnant water which might be left inside the drum. To run a maintenance wash, add a cleaning solution and choose the cotton cycle on the machine. Next, set your machine to the hottest cycle possible and start the machine. When the cycle ends, open the door, pull back the seal and wipe away any debris or water. READ MORE: Easy towel method to keep clothes crease-free without an iron The kitchen expert recommended leaving the door open until everything inside dries out. Lara added: “This will stop any sludge or black spots of mould building up inside your door seal, and it’ll also stop any nasty smells. “Perhaps most importantly, it helps increase the life of your washing machine. If you’ve run out of washing machine cleaning solution, you can make your own. “Use two cups of white vinegar, half a cup of water, and a quarter cup of bicarbonate of soda. Mix well before using it.” It is also crucial to clean your detergent drawer after every maintenance wash, to stop old detergent deposits building up and “affecting performance”. DON'T MISS:Six methods to protect ‘delicate’ plants from being killed overnight [INSIGHT]7 methods to stay warm at night without heating as temperatures drop [EXPERT]Pest expert shares four methods to ‘deter’ rats from nesting outside [EXPLAINER] To give it a proper clean, completely pull out the drawer and soak it in a sink full of warm soapy water. Take out any compartments that are easily removable and give everything a light brush. The expert added: “Then rinse, dry and reassemble. Slot it back into your machine - but before you do this, give the drawer slot a good wipe too.” The last step of a maintenance wash involves cleaning the filter, which should be cleaned every four to six weeks. This is located towards the bottom of the machine, a small cover may be covering it. Some water will leak out when you remove the filter, so put some towels down to protect the floor. When you have removed the filter, clean it by simply running it under hot water. READ MORE: ‘Do’s and don’ts’ of caring for bathroom houseplants Then, screw it back on tightly, replace the cover and you’re done. Performing a maintenance wash will keep everything nice and clean as well as help improve the efficiency of the machine. Soda crystals can also be used in the drum to properly clean the drum. Soda crystals are known for being able to get rid of stains, grease and nasty smells. According to experts at Clean House Fast, soda crystals are a cheaper and eco-friendlier way of cleaning your washing machine. You can use soda crystals to eliminate limescale, get rid of bad smells and remove mould growth especially around the door seal. They instructed: “To clean your washing machine with soda crystals, add 500g of them directly in the drum of the washing machine. "Then, run a hot (we recommend the highest temperature on the control panel) empty cycle. Soda crystals work with the hot water to remove scale and calcification, eliminate mould, bacteria and other stuff that’s causing foul odours and dissolve detergent deposits. “Repeat the cleaning process once a month to keep your washing machine in good shape. “You can also use them to clean the exterior of the washing machine and wipe the door seal. Mix 200g of soda crystals in 500ml warm water, then wipe down the washing machine with a soft cloth.”