Ginny & Georgia is back on Netflix with season two and it saw Georgia (played by Brianne Howey) face the consequences of her actions. Meanwhile, Austin (Diesel La Torraca) made a stand against his father Gil (Aaron Ashmore) whom he had looked up to for so long. Matt Press star Damian Romeo spoke to Express.co.uk about season three's potential.  The violent altercation ended with Austin shooting his dad in the arm, leaving the entire family shaken. Viewers discovered more about Georgia and Gil's turbulent history and how she could never bring herself to kill him. Meanwhile, Ginny was busy navigating her relationship with Marcus (Felix Mallard) at a difficult time. Matt Press star Damian said he was "totally open" for the writers to take his character in a "new direction" in season three. READ MORE: Ginny and Georgia showrunner 'seals' Paul and Georgia feud "Or just add more depth to him," he added. "Because I think every episode and every season we are digging with a chisel right now. "And I'd like them for season three to take a shovel. I love the producers, the team, everyone we shoot with. "We are like a big family so of course, if they invite me back for a third season I'll be there." The series is yet to be officially renewed by Netflix but due to the show's popularity, it is entirely plausible. Damian said he owed a lot of his recent success to his role in the Netflix series. He explained: "I never thought I would be able to play a high school student in my career and it's because I'm so tall. "I have had a casting director once tell me 'You couldn't be cast on, say, Degrassi because you're just bigger than the teacher'. "So I never really thought I would have to go back and experience that. "But that being said, for a lot of high schools it seems everything is black and white. "They have clicks people stick to, people tend to categorise other people into certain boxes. DON'T MISS... Aaron Ashmore was welcomed to Ginny and Georgia for season 2 [INSIGHT] Ginny and Georgia boss teases custody battle after arrest twist [DISCUSSION] Ginny and Georgia season 3: Showrunner addresses Netflix show future [INTERVIEW] "It's not black and white, there's a lot of grey. We might say something wrong, but that doesn't mean this person is a bad person. "So for me, going back and playing Matt Press, on the outside it seems simple. "It seems he's just not really a friendly person, but on the inside, he is obviously dealing with his own stuff and it's just coming out that way because he's young. "He's making mistakes and he hasn't learned any better coping mechanisms." The star said he learned a lot about himself playing a high school student. "I sympathise with high school students today," he added. Showrunner Sarah Lampert has opened up about the show's future, saying there had been no talks about season three just yet. She told Deadline: "There’s very much a strategy in place where I think we’ll drop it, and then we have to wait to see how it does and if we’re going to see season three but I certainly hope we do because it’s going to be a wild ride.”  Ginny and Georgia season 2 is on Netflix now.