Enter Shikari recently exploded out of their elongated silence with the announcement of their new album, A Kiss For The Whole World. The British rockers' seventh album is due to hit streaming service shelves on April 21, and with it comes a batch of residency shows around the UK. These shows will take place in London, Manchester, Wolverhampton, Bristol and Glasgow. On top of this, the St Albans-based band will be hitting Europe and North America on some short tours. Presale tickets come out this week, and here's a full list of venues and dates. Rou Reynolds: 'Bands are in a culture of narcissism, it's really sad' Presale tickets for Enter Shikari's 2023 UK shows come out tomorrow, Thursday, January 19, 2023, at 10am. Fans will need a code to access the presale tickets. At the moment, there are two ways to gain access to Enter Shikari's presale event. The first is for fans of the band to preorder their new album, A Kiss For The Whole World, here. The second is to be a part of the Enter Shikari fan club. Buy Enter Shikari presale tickets here. General onsale tickets will be released on Thursday, January 26, 2023. Enter Shikari are playing residency shows across the next three months of 2023. They are playing five venues concurrently in February, March and April. Scroll down for a full list of residency shows and ticket releases. Enter Shikari will be playing HERE at Outernet in London three times: February 15 – HERE at Outernet, London, UK March 17 – HERE at Outernet, London, UK April 17 – HERE at Outernet, London, UK They will also be hitting New Century Hall in Manchester on these dates: February 16 – New Century Hall, Manchester, UK March 14 – New Century Hall, Manchester, UK April 14 – New Century Hall, Manchester, UK Next, Enter Shikari will be playing Wolverhampton three times, as well: February 17 – KK’s Steel Mill, Wolverhampton, UK March 16 – KK’s Steel Mill, Wolverhampton, UK April 15 – KK’s Steel Mill, Wolverhampton, UK Bristol's SWX will be the penultimate venue for the band's residency slots: February 19 – SWX, Bristol, UK March 18 – SWX, Bristol, UK April 16 – SWX, Bristol, UK Finally, Enter Shikari will be hitting St Luke's in Glasgow for their final British residency shows: February 20 – St Luke’s, Glasgow, UK March 15 – St Luke’s, Glasgow, UK April 13 – St Luke’s, Glasgow, UK Scroll down for a full list of Enter Shikari tour dates. Buy Enter Shikari tickets here. Enter Shikari will also be playing three dates in Europe - twice in Germany and once in Belgium. They will also be playing three shows in the United States of America - Los Angeles, Chicago and New York City. Alongside the announcement of these shows, the band's singer Rou Reynolds spoke candidly about their new single, (pls) set me on fire. He explained: "Honestly, I thought I was f***ed. I’ve never felt so detached from my soul, my purpose, my f****ng spirit. I didn’t write music for almost two years. The longest I’d gone before that was two weeks. I was broken. It’s almost as if my brain had asked: 'What is the point in music if it cannot be shared? What is the point in writing music if it’s not to be experienced with others?' and then promptly switched itself off." He added: "(pls) set me on fire grew out of that desperation. This song is a projectile vomit of positive energy. Every emotion trapped inside me for two years, finally set free." Scroll down for a full list of Enter Shikari tour dates. February 15 – HERE at Outernet, London, UK March 17 – HERE at Outernet, London, UK April 17 – HERE at Outernet, London, UK February 16 – New Century Hall, Manchester, UK March 14 – New Century Hall, Manchester, UK April 14 – New Century Hall, Manchester, UK February 17 – KK’s Steel Mill, Wolverhampton, UK March 16 – KK’s Steel Mill, Wolverhampton, UK April 15 – KK’s Steel Mill, Wolverhampton, UK February 19 – SWX, Bristol, UK March 18 – SWX, Bristol, UK April 16 – SWX, Bristol, UK February 20 – St Luke’s, Glasgow, UK March 15 – St Luke’s, Glasgow, UK April 13 – St Luke’s, Glasgow, UK April 05 - Knust, Hamburg, DE April 07 - Botanique, Brussels, BE April 08 - Luxor, Koln, DE May 03 - Echoplex, Los Angeles, USA May 05 - Bottom Lounge, Chicago, USA May 10 - Bowery Ballroom, New York, USA